B000073TM3 awesome I wanted these boots for months, normal price $119, I got these for $40 so happy with the boots. Comfy
B00009WM7J Awesome! I bought this and it was the perfect fit. I thought it might have been a little too roomy but with the socks it gave me a comfortable amount of space
B00009WM7J Love my Timberlands I rock my Tim's all the time and people are always complimenting me on them. :) My cousin even got on Amazon and bought her a a pair because they were much cheaper here than they are in the store! Thank you so much for my awesome shoes and the awesome experience. You Rock!
B00009WM7J WOOO i love timbs. They are awesome and beautiful and waterproof and not too heavy. They are the perfect shoe for you
B0000AFSX4 Awesome Boots Great Quality I bought these boots for my daughter this winter. She outgrew that size i bought very quickly.  I was desperately searching for another pair that would fit her for the rest of the spring and until next fall.  Amazon was the only place that i could find them.  I had placed an order with another company and then they were put on backorder until July.  I looked at amazon the next day and they were cheaper and would be there 2 days later.  Great boots awesome quality my daughter loves wearing them outside.  Definately a great purchase. The price is a little much for a 2 year old but at least they last.
B0000AFSX4 TImberland boots The boots are awesome...perfect just as they were stated to be. Arrived in a timely manner. We are very pleased with this product.
B0000AFSX4 AWESOME I LOVE THE THINGS ON THIS SITE!! THEY WAS MY NEICE TIMBERLANDS SHE LOVES THEM. 5 STAR GREAT ILL VISIT THIS SITE MORE.
B0000AFSYY Awesome black boots to wear ANYWHERE You can dress these up or down they fit perfect the black goes well with everything. This is my favorite product from Timberland besides the two-tone boots.
B0000AT8CK difficult to get on and off once these boots are on, they are awesome; but the difficulty of getting your foot into and out of this boot makes it undesirable.  I even ordered a 1/2 size larger, but it didn't help.
B0000AT8CK These Boots Are Awesome! I bought these boots for my teenage daughter and she LOVES them.  We ordered them in a 1/2 size smaller than what she normally gets and they fit her perfectly.  Love the quality and the price. Thank you Amazon!
B0000DFAXV Really awesome! I'm impressed by the fit of the boots. I have wide feet but it snugs on nicely! The tongue scrubs my feet a little, but I think after a few wears the leather should be softer. I fell in love with Timberland's boat shoes, but the boots are my absolute favorite now!
B0000DFAXV Love these boots The fit is just right and very comfortable and they look even more awesome than the picture shows...I recommend them highly!
B0002RDYMC Awesome boot for toddler My 3 y/o loves these boots!  He wants to wear them to school everyday!  Will definitely cont. to buy Timberlands!
B0007T64VI Love It! Awesome shoes...great for hiking and outdoor activities.  Easy to clean.  Be sure when ordering, choose your actual show size as they are true to fit.
B0007T64VI BROKE THE BANK I like these boots because they are very comfortable,  and they are true to size. everything was awesome but the price!
B000AKVA6I Great pair of boots SO comfortable I do not have to wear my insoles anymore... little tight when you first put them on but after the are broken into they are awesome...
B000AKVA6I Awesome Absolutely the most comfortable work boots I have ever owned. From day one it was like wearing no boots at all.
B000B2HQ5O Awesome bang for the buck. Great boots, it's the second pair we've bought my son. Order arrived early, sized perfectly. Great quality for the value!
B000BB15ZC Great Buy! Comfy, stylish, and at this price, I really scored big! I will definitely buy these again. they are a awesome looking pair of boots.
B000BB15ZC Awesome Boots I love these boots they are exactly what I imagined them to be.  Comfortable and made with great material.  Anyone skeptical about these boots they will not disappoint even the most critical person.  I would recommend to anyone wanting a comfortable boot.
B000BFIHVS awesome boots My boyfriend loves them! The laces are top quality, color is very good and consistent... They scuff a bit but was able to rub out and looked prefect afterward... They are extremely comfortable and so far are water resistant. Would definitely buy again!
B000BFIHVS Awesome boots These are my first set of hiking boots, and the fit and finish are great! They fit my foot better than any other I tried on (I tried them on at a local store first), but fit like they are a part of me. I felt more nimble while hiking a scrambling up and down rocky canyon walls. I highly recommend them!
B000BFIHVS Login' my Tims Always love the Timberlands. They last a long time and are durable. Great fit too. I will buy these again, got an awesome price this time!
B000BFIHVS Awesome boots. Very comfortable. I duct 1 star because &iacute;t's ugly, especially the heel area. Also, the leather cracks easily even though I have been using mink oil on the boots. Maybe I should take it to a proper shoe polisher.
B000BFIHVS Awesome! These pair of shoes fit perfectly on me, can go through any condition and they are 100% legit! Worth buying them, since they cost just $67
B000BFIHVS Awesome With so many positive reviews for these boots, I don't know what else to say.  Awesome boots.  Light but sturdy.  Comfortable.  If they're still making them when I need new boots, it's what I am buying again.Only negative thing to say... the laces are ugly.  Changed them out for brown laces.  Absolutely trivial complaint.
B000BFIHVS Awesome boots! If you want a boot that is comfortable and will last then this is the footwear for you. I use mine for hiking and casual and they always look good
B000BOFDF2 Timberlands The Timberland Back Road Hikers are awesome.  The fit was perfect and my grandson loves them.  We originally bought these boots for him to play a lumberjack in a school play but he likes to wear them while riding with his Papa Bob on the Harley, when hunting rabbits (does not kill them, just hunts them) and will enjoy in the cold weather.  Great product and a very AWESOME price.
B000FX9A5S gave to my lil bro Thanks..Didn't fit tho......Was to small for me and what not so thanks anyways. You are awesome...really now 5 star
B000G1Z9XG Awesome boots... I use this brand but I have never purchased  type Euro...are beautiful and very comfortable,  You can to buy with eyes closed and you will don't repent..Arrive on time.
B000G1Z9XG awesome These are the nicest and most comfortable timberlands ive ever bought. I would recommend anybody looking for a nice pair of boots to check these out.  thank you.
B000G23DQK AWESOME CLASSIC This is a very handsome shoe and very popular as well.I was very happy to have bought these and the transaction was very smooth and very pleasant.Totally satisfied.
B000G23DQK I love it This boot is just fit for me,and  it is really awesome . Good  quality and  comfortable , I like it.
B000G23DQK Great Product/Super Fast shipping Apparently all the high school kids in my town are wearing Timberlands. The Black boots are impossible to find. My son was extremely pleased with the boots & received lots of compliments from his friends. Awesome vendor. Super fast shipping. Highly recommend.
B000G23DQK AWESOME BOOTS! As always, Timberland boots are amazing. These are one of the few pairs of boots that come in large sizes (15W), they fit snug, and are of great quality and look very fresh.
B000G23DQK Awesome, Just Awesome! I was sick of wearing shoes in these Michigan winters. I was out to get something that was comfortable, and that would keep my feet dry during the rainy and winter seasons. I initially purchased the size 12's as I normally wear a size 12, however, those boots were much too big for my foot. I exchanged those out for 11.5's and those boots fit much, much better. I wear these boots almost everyday durning the Winter/Spring seasons. These boots have held up tremendously, I hardly notice any wear on the tread, and I've had them a little over a year now. I did put my own inserts in them, and now I could wear these boots every single day without any issues. I love the color of them, they go with just about anything I wear ( mostly jeans ). The price of these were a little hight, but I wouldn't hesitate to purchase them again. This is my first experience with Timberland, and I am throughly satisfied. One of the best purchases I've made in a long time!
B000G23DQK Awesome Great boots! They fit as expected and I have gotten compliments from wearing them. To be honest they are very comfortable.
B000G23DQK Awesome Its 100% legit and it fits well, and it got here pretty fast!Scuff proof is a very good thing to buy
B000G23DQK Timberlands Classic BOots Timeless classic, would buy them again. Awesome product, great look, love the quality of these boots. Would buy them again.
B000G23DQK Awesome It is amazingly Awesome, I will love to get  more in another colors  ..Looking forward to that Cheers .. .
B000G24LJS Awesome shoes!!!! yes I would recomend this product,just order the normal size you wear everyday,fits perfectly...very comfortable and yes they never go out of style.
B000G24LJS I'm loving it! Awesome pair of shoes! Totally fit as expected. Can't wait to run it in. Money well spent indeed! Recommend this to all Timberland lovers!
B000G24LJS Awesome This is  king of shoes. And i got what i ordered.They fitted perfectly and look real great.Highly recommended.
B000G24LJS As Stated, Fit like a Glove. Fit like a Glove, only on feet, there Awesome.  Very Comfortable,  I might buy another pair !!  Buy, Buy, Buy !!  Foot is a 9 I got 9.5's.
B000HGZRYQ Look awesome, though beware of sizing I bought a pair of these in 14 W.  Usually I try on any pair of shoes I buy, but it's almost impossible to find anything stylish in my size.  They are awesome, and I wear them a lot, but definitely not for long periods of time.  Most W and 2E width shoes I've bought fit perfectly, but the Timberland Wide seems to be narrower than most, so beware if you need the extra width.  I still get my feet in fine, but I also usually where Orthotics, but the shoes are too narrow for them.  All in all they're a good, durable shoe, just beware of sizing.
B000VIAOMU awesome pair of boots Boots fit perfectly. It is next to impossible to get this boy to wear another pair of shoes. He loves them and so do we.  As long as Timberline maintains this great quality we will buy no other brand!!
B000VIDXE6 Awesome boots My 10 year old loves these boots and so did his friends.  They are so comfortable he can wear them all day.
B000VQ9QKS Awesome boots! Based on reviews, I hiked 8 strenuous miles in these boots straight out of the box.  I had no blisters or sore spots; they were truly waterproof; and they provided great support on rocky terrain.  I'm very glad I bought these boots.
B000VQBSO0 Bought Black, LOVED THEM!! Went back and ALSO bought Tan These boots are AWESOME! Love, Love, Love them! These are the best fit and "comfort" boots I have E-V-E-R bought in all my 43 years! They fit me perfect, true to size and oh so very comfy! Not too mention, they look totally awesome! I bought two pairs, black and tan and I'm looking for taupe next! -BUY THEM, YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!
B000VX01V4 I love this shoe Looks good and feels awesome on the feet. Great workmanship, materials and color.
B000VX03GC Awesome Water proof and lightweight, and also pretty darn comfortable for the price. They fit a little more snug than I had hoped, I wear 12 in pretty much everything, and more big toe rubs the end a bit in these. It's not terrible, but I wish I would have ordered a 12.5.
B000VX03GC Awesome boots! I bought these a couple years ago and they are awesome. Comfortable from day one and have held up great. I wear them all the time and i'm pretty sure i'll still have these for 5-10 more years. I would highly reccomend these boots.
B000VX03GC awesome! Came sooner than expected! Awesome shoe...got for my father as an x-mas gift he says they are so comfortable and very worth it for the price
B000VX03GC Awesome Bought them for my dad, he loves them. No complaints. Hard to find that when ordering shoes a lot of times!
B000VX03GC Awesome boots. These are really awesome boots. Protects as expected.  I would suggest. Its good purchase. Also in good price. Looks good too.
B000VX03GC Boots These are awesome boots, I bought them for my husband as an early christmas present and he loved them! Perfect look and fit!
B000VX03WQ Love it..awesome My husband would not wear any other shoes but this euro hikers. It's been hard to find them on regular shoe stores now. I'm so glad I can still order this online. I bought 2 of them because I thought the price is also reasonable. Please don't discontinue
B000VX03WQ Awesome I love these boots.  Not too bulky, not too small...I have had 3 different pairs of these boots and are really great.  Favorite pair of boots I have ever worn that are worn for casual or even outdoor activities
B000VX03WQ love them Very comfortable no dislikes at all. Had them for a very long time. I would definitely buy them again awesome
B000XEA5ZI Love these boots These are awesome boots! Very comfortable especially when I first got them, the insole was super squishy. The only thing I didn't like was how stiff the leather was on the upper part of the boot. I had to break them in for a few weeks before they stopped rubbing into my ankle/leg.
B000XEACHO awesome!! You can never go wrong with a pair of timberlands. These boots are really comfortable for people who are standing all day they also have great slip resistance for oily surfaces. Easy to break in as well. Overall great boots
B000XEACHO Awesome I love these boots. They are comfortable and fit perfect. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a sturdy boot.
B000XEACHO get what u pay for Awesome work boot and has always taken a good beating. I've had may pairs over he years and would never buy anything else.
B000XEACHO awesome Best pair of boot I have had in a long time I have been bying boot for over 30 years and this the first time I was able to get a pair of boots and no berake in time put them on and away we go they feel and look awesome and at a very good price
B000XEAJOK "Better than expected" The shoe is an awesome fit, being in hawaii the selection of Timberland work boots are limited so when i saw the selection on line I now had choices. The shoes look awesome and the fit is very comfortable. The boots came in faster than estimated it was better than I expected..
B000XEAM10 Just Awesome These shoes are the best money can buy, If you treasure your feet, invest the extra money at the end it is worth it.
B000XEAMXS Awesome Shoe I walk a lot during the day at work. This shoe is very comfortable. fit perfect, awesome shoe. Highly recommended.
B000XEEQAI Awesome deal! I have been wearing these boots for 4-5 years now and go through at least a pair a year from heavy use.  Normally pay around $145.00 and these were only $99.00.  Great deal and awesome service.  Will definetly purchased them again.
B000XEEQAI Awesome I didn't realize that is worth to wear it which I love it.  I highly recommend this to you  thumb up
B000XEEQAI awesome! I have 3 pairs of these and love them! I work construction and they hold up great and I bought one pair for just wearing around because they are so comfortable!
B000XEH2JA Awesome I work in an Industrial and Automotive workshop (welding, mill, gas and lathe cutting and oily surface) and the boots are as comfortable as a shoe and at the same time, very strong. 5 stars to this product.
B000XEH2JA AWESOME AWESOME THESE BOOTS ARE GREAT I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY THIS BOOT OVER AND OVER THEY ARE PERFECT MOTORCYCLE RIDING BOOTS.
B000XEH2JA Awesome boots!!!! They fit perfectly, they didn't need broke in as I originally expected that they would and they're not as heavy as I expected. I work in a small engine repair shop and they are perfect!! I am very happy with these boots and I wont buy anything but Timberlands from here on out.
B000XEH2JA Awesome boot These boots are fantastic!!!There is NO break in time, I wear these boots every day with no worries. The only thing I did, was buy new laces.
B000XEIZ7S Awesome/cool Very comfortable , is helping get rid of the heal pain I had before with other boots . Would recommend them to anyone who have pain in their heals and want it together better
B000XEIZ7S Awesome Boots Let me start off by saying Amazon has been one of the best online stores to deal with, fast service, great prices. You can't go wrong ordering from Amazon, as for these Titan Pro work boots, they are awesome as well, great fit right out the box, I'v had these boots for a week now and put them through hell at work, mud, brush, standing in 4" of water, and the cloud like feel on my feet cant be beat, they well exceed past the Georgia boots i replaced them with....
B000XEIZ7S Awesome workboot I bought these boots for my son who works construction. He needed a strong boot that could withstand the concrete, water, dust, etc., but always complained about how heavy boots can be.  This boot is nicely constructed, lightweight and comfortable. It really measures up!
B000XEIZ7S Awesome!!! Very very comfortable.. Timberland doesnt disappoint!! If onli they come out with a more stylish design for workboots in the future.
B000XEKCRE Awesome! These are by far the most comfortable boots I've ever owned! Better than my wolverines and my timberland pro 6". I love them!
B000XEKCRE awesome boots these fit great and last a while. in humid areas you may need an air purifier because your feet will stink but if you are in a dry (Afghanistan Desert) or cold environment they are fine
B000XEKHOC Awesome This is an awesome boot great fit, love the style. I would purchase these again. Great price as well. Thanks Amazon!!
B000XEKHOC None Awesome service!!! I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever. Everything came on time and it came as advertised, brand new! Great!!!
B000XEKHOC AWESOME! They fit perfectly! They look even better! I am totally happy with this purchase. They feel more awesome EVERY time I wear them, and they were perfect the first time I put them on. I LOVE THEM!!!
B000XEKHOC AWESOME! LOVE THEM! Great affordable good-looking boots. Really comfortable and great to protect your tootsies. 100% recommended! They are true to size.
B000XEKHOC Awesome! Purely awesome! Can barely tell there's a shoe! I have wide feet so the wide size was a blessing. Can't say much more than it is awesome!
B000XEKHOC Awesome boot Great fit and very comfortable. I need new boots every 6 months and I always get the same shoe. I used to get wolverines but started hurting my feet. Never had a problem with the timberlines.
B000XEKHOC Awesome Comfortable Boots! I wore these everyday for about a year and a half to work. They finally wore out so I just bought another pair. I will be buying these again!
B000XEKIUK Awesome work boots I got these for my husband because he works in all types of weather doing construction work. He said these boots are awesome. Didn't even have to break in boots for them to be comfortable. He loves them!!
B000XEKIUK Awesome Boots mashaAllah Awesome Boots mashaAllah. My 4th pair in the last 9 years!!! - i love these boots. i highly recommend this product.
B000XEKIUK Awesome! My 14 year old Grandson is VERY happy with these Timberlands! They are true to size. :) There is no better work boot. He is the third generation in our family to wear Timberlands. :)
B000XEKK94 Awesome but heavy This pair of boots is just awesome. I don't wear it for any actual work, but as a daily footwear. It might be a little bit hard to walk in for a long time since it's pretty heavy. But it definitely looks awesome. The color is brighter than it shows in the picture, which is closer to that on  timberland's official website. Besides that, awesome.
B000XEKK94 I live in my timberland Boots! I live in my timberland Boots theY are the best work boot out there. For the price you cant go wrong they are waterproof boots, The color is Awesome! Now I need to find a Jacket that matches them.LOL
B000XEKK94 awesome! I've been wearing tims since I was 12 and I'm 31 now, always have and always will love the brand.
B000XEKK94 great These boots are awesome. Love the fit and the look. Wasnt able to find these in any kind of store in this color anywhere.
B000XEKK94 Awesome boots Talk about some good looking boots, with my work There is tons of standing and so far I am very happy :)
B000XELF3O Good! i received the order on time and i got the shoes for my step-dad and it fits him perfectly. Actual right size here. Thank you so much, you guys are awesome!
B000XELF3O Awesome work boots In my opinion, these are the best work boots ever made. Excellent quality and workmanship. Nice wide steel toe box so my toes aren't smashed together. Very comfy insole and foot bed. They have great traction too. Nice and sticky, not some hard plastic tread. Now all I have to do is get them broke in and they will be awesome. Fast delivery and just what I ordered. Thank you Timberland for designing this great boot. Please, never discontinue this boot. I'm a lifetime user of the Pitboss Pro.
B000XELF3O Great Boots Awesome boots and perfect fit.  I was a little worried as I have foot problems, but these worked out perfectly.
B000XELF3O Better than my Red Wings. Awesome. I bought these in black. They are super comfortable. Durable. Solid. And relatively lightweight for a boot in it's class. They lace up easy. And they look great.I have purchased Red Wings as well as other european style boots for twice the price ..and good old Timberland ends up being my favorite after all.Regarding sizing. Trust me on this guys. Buy half a size bigger than usual. I usually take a 10.5 and my toe was hitting. 11 is just right.
B000XELF3O Great Boots Awesome boots fit like a charm. I will continue to buy Timberland Pro's. They are by far the most comfortable boot I've worn and the most durable.
B000XELF3O This boots are awesome!!!!!!! awesome!!! awesome!!! I've been using timberland for ages & no disappoints till this date keep up the good work, cust for life!!!!
B000XELF3O Awesome Not use to wear such shoes because I normally live in flats but I needed these for work. I really like them :)
B000XELF3O awesome boots I first went and tried then on else where, then bought them and they are wounderful..my advice try on first before you buy cause different boot styles,soft toe and hard all range in size but it makes a huge difference..
B000XELF3O Great Boots These are awesome boots! I love timberland's and they are very comfortable. I am constantly walking around job sites and I have enjoyed walking in them all this time. It has been poring rain this past few days and I have not have problems with my socks being wet. This was a great buy for me.
B000XETJU0 I loved it i cant describe it with words. you have to wear it. the look is amazing. the quality is just awesome. i totaly loved it. i will be buyng another couple of this i guess just to have another pair :).
B000XETJU0 Awesome Boots!!! I had no idea I would like these boots this much.  In fact, I had serious doubts because I have sensitive feet and worried these would be uncomfortable.  I actually prefer wearing these to town for regular things as opposed to my casual shoes.  Also I have always had problems with fit, I have a wide 12, usually I have to go to 13 to make sure it doesn't squeeze my feet.  This usually leaves my feet slipping around in the shoe a bit - but not these.  I bought 12W and the fit couldn't be better!  I'm more than impressed.These boots are awesome!
B000XETJU0 Awesome! I ordered these boots about a week ago from barren creek outfitters and when they showed up I was disappointed to see they were the wrong pair of boots. I sent them back and was pretty disappointed. Last night John from barren creek outfitters contacted me and offered to send me the right boots at no cost to me to make it right. Awesome, I appreciate the extra effort and time. thanks again John!
B000XETJU0 Work boots Their sold for an awesome price but with working outside they only last a few months, I keep buying them though
B000XETJU0 Excellant! These boots have awesome support and wear very well. One pair lasts me over a year and I am hard on my boots at work and at home.
B000XETU1I Awesome These are exactly what I wanted super nice 6" boots and for an awesome price too, been searching all over the Internet for a pair like these dickies 6" are all discontinued or backordered glad I came across these plus amazon had them delivered in one day. Great boots with a great price.
B000XETU1I Awesome boots Great lightweight super comfortable boots for a guy standing most of the day. Used in the swimming pool industry .
B000XEVLF6 Awesome! I don't hesitate giving this a 5-star rating mainly because of its fast delivery, inexpensive cost, and perfect fit and style!
B000XEVLF6 Lightweight Like I said I only buy timberlands for work this is the first time I bought this pair but I got to say it's comfortable and awesome
B000XEVM50 Timberland PRO Men's 40008 Mudsill Low Steel-Toe Lace-Up,Black,8 M - Very Good Fit Awesome looking shoe.  Awesome fit.  Only 4 stars because sole cushion could be better.  I found that my feet started hurting a little bit after walking and standing for around 6 hours.  Maybe I should've bought a higher end shoe but I found that even shoes at double the cost don't perform twice as good.
B000XEVM50 awesome shooes awesome shoes. perfect size and fit. very light and easy to put on. very comfortable from the first time I put them on.
B000XEVM50 awesome boots very nice boots for work, they do not slip, great  comfort all day long and you just feel very good while wearing them..
B000XEVM8W Awesome These are great shoes although the hard rubber soles take some getting used to. They are definitely comfortable and get the job done!
B000XEW60K Awesome! Awesome fit and all day comfortable!  Love the simple look of the shoe and its light weight for all day around the shop work!Thanks Timberland!
B000XEW60K Awesome Fit like I expected, great source for 1/2 sizes!
B000XF4D1Y Awesome Boot Great for work or for dress!!! Casual yet classy!! Well worth the price!!! Timberland through and through!!! You won't be disappointed!!!
B000XR2GN4 The Best Hands down, the most comfortable boot I've worn. Awesome right out of the box with no break-in period necessary. I'll be ordering another pair in a different color.
B000XR30FM Awesome Shoe She loves wearing them and her feet love them too! My wife needed new winter boots for working outdoors and these are an excellent boot, durable, comfortable and tough.
B000XR4IXA Awesome boot! Boot was a bit tight but after a few hours it got really comfortable. I will definitely buy another Timberland shoe.
B000XXGMRO Fantastic They look great, fit awesome are lightweight and all round brilliant!If you are contemplating purchasing these what are you waiting for!
B000XXGMRO They look and feel great! These boots are awesome, they're stylish and somewhat lightweight.They fit as expected plus a some wiggle room for my toes.
B000XXGMRO great boots! 1st the price can't be beaten for such a comfortable boot which looks awesome with jeans.  Super light and warm for my use.  these are my 1st pair of timberlands and I am very glad I decided to go with these- zero regret with my purchase.
B000XXGMRO Awesome boots! I wear an 11 typically these were perfect fit at 10. Awesome boots. Super light and broke in as others explained.
B000XXGMRO Awesome boots! These boots are great! Stylish and comfortable. Lots of people have commented on them and asked where to get a pair.
B000XXGMRO Awesome! Great boots! And let's not leave the fact that they are very fashionable. Bought them for my trip to London because that's the style to wear. Two thumbs up!
B000XXGMRO Love these boots! These boots have been good to me so far. I've beaten them up a bit on long walks across the Abel Tasman, and I'm about to head off on a safari throughout Africa where I'm sure they'll stand the test. Seawater and sand definitely scuffed them up a bit, but that just made them look more awesome in my opinion!Love!
B000XXGMRO Awesome boots Really durable, very comfortable, not too heavy and great look. I'd recommend these boots to anyone. I never wore boots regularly, but I've started wearing these every day since I got them.
B000XXGMRO Recommanded Awesome boots
B000XXGMRO Fits a little large, but otherwaise AWESOME I normally wear a 12 but had to exchange these for an 11.5, and I may have been able to go down to an 11.Other than the funny sizing, this is an amazing boot. Super comfortable and durable, you can wear it all day long rain or shine. I am trying hard to not just buy a bunch in different colors.
B000XXGMRO Awesome Just a bit of space . Somthing to own for a while . Sturdy . Fashionable. Still love it, great buy !
B000YDI7NK Great Boot I have the black pair. A little pricey- but these are the best boots I have ever worn. Awesome look, Quality leather and the toe is nice and flat for motorcycle shifts. FYI - These run BIG. I typically wear a 9.5-10 and I fit perfectly into an 8 with these boots.
B0016ZP5TO Awesome, lightweight boots Ordered a pair to wear at work (business casual) on rainy days. They are very comfortable, look nice, and they're super lightweight. I bought a pair to give as a gif this Xmas!
B00170BXZS I Am Not Stylish In fact, I am as far from "stylish" as I think any human can be, but I do know that I should wear heels.I probably should not wear them on my sportbike.  I should probably also not wear them running.  I should DEFINITELY not wear them while I am deployed to Kabul Afghanistan to track down badguys.But I did.These are Great Boots!*  That heel:  Really sproingy, comfortable and never made me feel like I just landed hard on the cement.  You know that bevel you get on your shoes because you walk funny?  Somehow that heel stack actually makes up for that and doesn't wear out as quickly.*  Those toes:  Never made my feet sweat, never gave me callouses, even during 18 hour days.*  The sole:  ...no kidding...TREAD.  Awesome Awesome tread, my feet didn't slip in the snow, the ice, the anything. That tread actually goes on the bottom of that little round stopper heel.  The Heel Has Tread, Ladies!  You have not LIVED until you've had this!*  The rest:  The leather doesn't crack.  Your feet don't sweat.  They go on and off in a FLASH because of that glorious (and, btw, DURABLE) zipper.  In two years of deployments and motorcycle accidents...these will still look haawt.I adore these boots.  The only gripe I had was that the loop that holds the tongue in place on one broke the week I got them.  In the last three years, that is my only gripe.  That, and my boyfriend likes it when I wear docs because he's stuck in an image-over-function world.These are awesome boots.  Buy them.  Love them.
B001760K56 boots the boots were great, but the fit wasn't. too narrow and too long.  the customer service was awesome, however, and the return was painless.
B001760K56 awesome! I just got these boots and they are perfect!! Size 11 and they fit great.  Very comfortable and stylish, exactly what I wanted.  Definitely worth the $162!
B001760K56 AWESOME These boots are awesome! I love them they fit well, look great and are a good price. Not only that the soles have some tread so they are not slippery in weather, I highly recomend these boots,
B001760K56 they run big but I love them anyway ....just literally got these and they are awesome...only gripe is the 7 fits like an 8.5 and make my feet look huge but whatever...seriously considering ordering a 6.5 in brown and returning these for a 6.5 black...need them in both colors
B001760K56 Awesome boots I have had these boots for only a couple of weeks but I can tell they will be my favorites.  Can wear both with jeans or dress up.
B001760K56 Awesome boots My wife bought these to go with another pair of Brown Timberland boots she bought.  Super quality, very comfortable.  She looks great, feels great and her feet don't hurt after an evening out (which I really like, obviously).  High heels are nice looking, I suppose, but a stylish comfortable boot looks just as good and being able to run and play after a good meal and a few drinks is my preference.  I highly recommend them.
B001760K56 Very Comfortable...Awesome boots! Just like the reviews say...awesome boots! My only complaint is that they were very difficult to slip into the first time I wore them! I just could not get my foot in them but i was determined to get them on based on the reviews saying that they stretched once you broke them in. Once I finally got them on and wore them around the house, they diffinitely did give a little and now after wearing them about four times, I can wear them with very thin socks! I don't care too much for the look of the leather...the boots I got are black and they almost look grey because the leather is a dull waterproof leather. I would have definitely preferred them in a nicer leather but still love them!
B001760K56 Love em These boots are awesome. They are so comforable and well made. The buckles on the sides are adjustable for you can make them as tight as you like. I feel completely comfortable recommending these boots a a 2 thumbs up..
B0019R12KA Exactly as pictured. These boots are awesome. After several others I've owned and worn out these are still going strong. Great waterproofing, fur lined and warm. Sizing chart is super accurate. Color is still the same, and wear of sole is super minimal despite how often they've been worn. Highly recommend!
B001EBA784 Wicked awesome Been buying this style timberlands for about 5 years now. They come ready to roll. No break in period, just super comfortable from the start. Love em.
B001EBJU82 Awesome Most comfortable thing I've had on my feet. 10.5 wide is right on. Good grip. Glad I finally found something worth wearing everyday.
B001EBJU82 awesome well constructed and built to walk not talk I have searched high and low for a boot of this caliber you will not be disappointed, money well spent
B001EBJU82 Awesome work boots! These boots are awesome work boots. Very durable. The outside coating is great for keeping the boots water proof and easy to clean with no scratches.  My all time favorite boot. For a lower boot, check out the Lacrosse Romeo boots.
B001EWFF30 Awesome pair of boots. Awesome pair of boots, I buy the same kind every year for my husband, He loves them and wears them to work and gives the boots a real workout. He does flooring and these boots are comfortable, light and sturdy.
B001EWFF30 Don't even want to take them off.... These boots are awesome.  They fit well, are comfortable, and nice looking.  I barely notice that I have them on. I would recommend giving them a try.
B001EWFF30 Awesome boots!! Ive had these over a year now and they have held up very well and are really comfortable. When I eventually wear these out I am deff getting another pair. Really great quality.
B001FA1IGY Awesome I just love leather products and these are just perfect. I use them almost every day. As I always say. if you want something with quality you have to pay for it. these are so comfy.
B001FXZU92 Awesome! These boots are the most awesome working boots I have ever owned! Comfort, no slip, you name it...they are great for working on concrete in hydraulic oil all day!
B001FXZU92 Super Happy!!!!! My Timberland boots are awesome!!!!! I recommend this boots to everyone, really!!!  They're just great!!!  I hope they don't stop making them.
B001KOQ4EG Good supportive shoe. I'll be honest...I think they are ugly. I bought them for my partner who thinks they are awesome so that makes me happy. He said the fit was fantastic and provided him with support and a great deal of comfort. He spends a lot of time on his feet working and wanted to wear these for work but thought they were too nice so he wears them with jeans. The brown is almost black, very, very dark. The tread/sole is awesome and thick (will add a good inch or so to your height) and the quality is very nice. I think the styling is a little out dated and a little &#34;old manish&#34; but he thinks they are awesome and doesn't care for the sketchers look. He's happy, I'm happy that's why I gave them 5 stars.
B001SARJXC thanx to amazon Awesome boots at an affordable price and all this could happen at Amazon only. Timberland has every answer when it comes to style and durability....jus luv these boots and the look they give when I carry them with my cargo or jeans....I would highly recommend this ones and that too from Amazon only...bcz you not gonna find a cheaper deal than this anywhere else....
B001SARJXC Awesome boots These boots are pretty awesome. They are exactly what I expected them to be like. I've worn them now for about a month and they are broken in nicely. They are good boots to go out in or wear casually. The only thing that I noticed after reading some of the reviews here is that the sole does seem to be rather thin in some spots. I fear that a nail or something would easily puncture them and render them no longer water proof. Other than that they are perfect. I wouldn't recommend using these in a construction environment as they aren't exactly the most slip resistant or even designed for such use. I bought them for that Hank Moody style, and for that they are perfect. Although I do think the dark brown suede ones would have been better. It's a shame they were out of stock!
B001U0OTCY Swell boots Bought this boots about a week ago, they are great. You don't feel the cold, they are waterproof, they have a great grip to the ground and they are super light weight. You can find some better prepared military kind of boots for the same price, but if your plan is to also use them with jeans as a casual wear i strongly recommend you buying this pair. They look awesome on jeans. Please DO ORDER HALF A SIZE SMALLER its true, i was skeptical and hesitating about it but they do run large. Cheers!
B001U0OTCY Awesome boots, buying another pair as a present. Bought at an outlet, buy a 1/2 size smaller than usual. These are awesome boots, yet still look good with jeans.Another nice part is they are still snug with the boots untied and a knot in the laces at the top (laces are exactly the right size).  This means I can put them on quickly for getting the mail without the laces going everywhere yet still tighten them up for normal times.
B001UE6SW4 Awesome boots These boots are great.Although most of the reviews were from mothers who got them for their daughters, I got these pair of boots for my son. They look great on him and I get loads of compliments when he wears it with his red wood henley tees or his plaid shirts. I would recommend these for boys and girls.
B001UE6SW4 These boots are awesome! It is not the easiest to find affordable waterproof hiking boots for little ones, but these are awesome.They slide on perfectly when you hold the tongue out enough.The quick laces are the perfect system as they do not constantly come untied if you do not double-knot.The treads are deep enough for true hiking.(And my toddler thinks she is hot stuff wearing boots like mom and dad ; )
B001UE70IK Awesome I already knew I was going to love them but it got here so fast and was a great price I can't wait to order more!!
B001VNCKJ4 Perfect These boots look great and feel awesome. Most comfortable pair of boots i have bought along with another pair of earthkeepers.
B001VNCKJ4 Awesome boots! Great boots!  I love the color and design.  I usually wear a size 10 but 9 1/2 fits perfectly.  They're also surprisingly comfortable - I feel like I could walk all day with them without a problem.  Good stuff!
B001VNCKJ4 Awesome Boots!!! Im totally satisfied with my purchase of these timberlands,there comfortable an Sharp!!, not very warm though more of a fall shoe ,but I live in Michigan an its Freezing here so not a big deal.Highly recommend anything from the Earth keeper line!!!
B001VNCKJ4 Amazing: Dress or Casual These boots are "jack-of-all-trade" but master each one. They can dress up with slacks or dress down with jeans. Awesome comfort right out of the box. Perfect grip with the soles. I have a pair of Doc's that lasted 12 years and feel they now have a rival. Sizing is true, even though they look a little big.
B00295RJIU Awesome shoe It's worth the price and I recommend to all nurses and anyone who stays up on there feet for longer times. Very nice.
B0029XG3OS my husband only wears timberlands it is very hard to find my husbands 14w they are rare especially in 8 inch boots so these are an awesome product plus Timberland has a lifetime warranty so when the sole came apart of them Timberland replaced them
B0029XG3OS Awesome boots Returned these and ordered 13W and they are perfect....my sons absolutely loves them and shoveled for 8 hours in them and no cold feet or fatigued feet.....he is a plumber and wears them to work as well.....highly recommend these
B002ASAJPG AWESOME BOOTS!!!!! EXCELLENT PAIR OF BOOTS. IVE WORN TIMBERLAND BRAND SHOES AND BOOTS FOR 29 YEARS NEVER A PROBLEM WITH FIT OR ANYTHING
B002YOMJPY AWESOME BOOTS!!! Just got these boots and they fit perfect and are super comfortable..no need to break them in they are very flexible and soft..could walk miles in these right out of the box! Very Happy with these hiker boots will buy another pair in the near future 10 Stars from me.. :)
B002YOMJPY very comfortable boots Comfortable, light, awesome boots..just hope it last longer than the other shoes I had. Will definitely buy again if it last
B002YOMJPY Strong boots Awesome boots. Highly recommended.  Fits true to size (well for me they did). Had them for about 5 months,  they have held up exceptionally well.
B002YOMJPY Awesome boots When I saw the great price on these boot I had to get them.  In the future if I need another pair I would be getting them from Amazon. Thank you.  &#128512;
B002YOMJPY Awesome Awesome buy and fit , would purchase again, just in time for winter. Wish other boots were on sale. Nice deal
B002YOMJPY Awesome boots These boots are awesome. Would recommend to anyone.  Very comfortable and good looking too!  I would definately order them again.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots Awesome right out of the box. I ordered the wide in my regular size and the fit perfect. light and comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Perfect Boot It was very cheap with high quality and feels durable while maintaining a stylish look.  Timberland knows how to make awesome boots.
B0034G54BM wonderful love them! after reading several of the other reviews I was certain these would be great! But there even better! I have small calfs and with my jeans these are the best so far! They slouch a little but no big deal they look awesome tons of compliments and my other timberlands are 20plus years old and are my favorite shoes and dont even look that old! These are a must have for the winter wardrobe!
B0034G54BM awesome Fits as expected, and very comfortable. I have big calfs so i was looking for something adjustable around the top part and these were perfect.
B0034G54BM Awesome boots!!! These boots are awesome! I wear them everyday, they are nice, comfortable, fashion and warm, I even wear them with snow. I just like them so much. Get you real sized because I got 1/2 number bigger thinking they were going to be tight and they weren't. Still I dont care and I wear them all time. Easy to clean and very useful zipper. At the beginning you'll feel them a bit tight but you just have to wear them often and get softer.
B0034G54BM LOVE these! Have them in brown & black because they're so awesome.  True to size, great for slender legs.  TONS of complements when I wear them (which is every day - yay me!)
B0034G558E Awesome I love these boots. I will be I buying  them in the brown. They are a little narrow but most boots are. They look great with jeans and leggings. The side zippers make them easy to get on and off
B0034G558E Awesome I love these boot! They are so comfortable and stylish I get compliments everywhere I go. I definitely recommend these boots you will not be disappointed. I bought mine a 1/2 size smaller than I normally wear
B0034G558E Awesome boots These boots fit perfectly and are good quality. I got them for riding on the motorcycle, but love them so much I'll wear them much more than that.
B0034G558E Awesome! I Really love these boots! Wish this particular style came in a dark brown.Awesome Boots Wish they came in more colors.
B0034G558E Awesome Boots These boots are extremely comfortable and cute. I had to purchase them in an 8 instead of 7.5 (as that size was sold out) and it worked out. I recommend these boots.
B0034G5IJA Awesome These boots are warm and so comfortable! The gray color matches with everything . I would  definitely recommend it for winter.I love them .True to size and width.
B0034G5KAC these are beautiful and comfortable Awesome I love them....went thru a lot of boots to find the perfect ones and these are themthey are very warm, guys like them and they are comfortable.....
B0034G5KAC awesome boots These are gorgeous and comfortable. I wish I could get them in black too. Better than I expected! Great buy!
B0034G5KAC Love...but having an issue with the heel. These fir great, look awesome, but after wearing them a few times the sole of the heel is lifting a bit...I'm a little disappointed.
B0035LD2X8 excellent casual/dress/nighttime boot This you is awesome. It will wear with about pant:casual office,dres up nights, and or just out and about. It is very comfortable. It would get five stars but the strings come untied often.
B0037CW26I It s awesome It has a perfect fit, i love the shoe, it has a great design. its very comfortable.i would definitely buy another pair.its looks exactly as the picture.
B0038JCZ9Y Awesome boots! Awesome, beautiful boots! Very comfortable, and just gorgeous! Feels pretty true to size, and are definitely apt for wide-calf ladies. Beautiful product!
B0039ZD3MK Awesome Price This is an awesome price on these hikers as the MSRP is $155 so at $100 it is a great buy. These are very comfortable and I wear them as everyday shoes. The only thing you have to watch out for is that the "hiker" type Timberlands run larger than the regular Timberland workboots as I am full size smaller in the hikers. I don't have a clue as to what the other reviewer meant about a seam? A happy Timberland customer since 1988.
B003A67X5G Awesome! I bought these shoes with high expectations due to the great luck I have had with Timberland. As expected, they have surpassed any expectations I had. A great shoe, no fatigue at all. I love them.
B003A67X5G Very, very happy The boots fit perfect!  They are extremely comfortable and they look awesome!  I would order another pair in another color.
B003A69RS2 Awesome! Fits at expected, incredibly comfortable. I'll definitely be buying these again.
B003A6GMF8 Awesome boots These Boots are awesome, they're very comfortable and well built, i am really pleased i got them, they are good protection for your feet in bad weather and they're very comfortable u can slip right into them, they're already broken in and just a pleasure to wear/own. a bit heavy on the feet but thats what i wa looking for. i highly recommend these to anyone looking for a pair of tall steel toed boots
B003AZZJYY The most awesome shoe Hello everyone,I want to tell you that right now I have this shoe on me and it is awesome. Warm, light, comfortable and nice looking.I really recommend it, plus Timberland is my favorite brand.
B003AZZMRS Awesome dress and casual boot So I was searching for this boots everywhere from when I saw someone wearing them in the mall. I knew I must have them, I went to timberland and it was $150 and I was extremely disappointed after much fuss I found them on Amazon for about $65 in the burned wheat color. These boots are so awesome, they can be dressed up or dressed down. They are leather but I still feel they are a little snug for my size but I think a half size larger would be too big. I have received many positive comments about them since I purchased them. Everyone has said something. I would definitely recommend buying these, they're comfortable, kinda a pain to lace up but for the look they are totally worth it. I wear them everywhere. Of course I feel better about my self because they are green rubber but that's just an ego boost. I think anyone can pull these off. Most definitely a great buy. Buy them, really.
B003BLPA00 Very good boots awesome boots!!! I recommend to everybody, they are comfortable for my 6 year son, the only reason why i rated it 4 starts not 5, because they are not very easy to put on, but after 2-3 days we figured out the was.
B003ELOYEA Awesome boots! These boots are so comfortable! I would recommend them to anybody. One thing to be aware of though is that they run small I got a size 10 when i normally wear a 9 and they fit perfectly. most comfortable shoes i've had in a long time.
B003ELOYEA Awesome boots! Love these boots! Very comfortable, and definitely non-slip even during very rainy weather! The laces allow you to adjust the fit for leggings or jeans. Excellent quality and stylish too!
B003ELOZSU Awesome boots!!! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these boots!!!!! I first purchased these in black in my regular size which is a 9 and they fit good but I can only wear thin boot socks with them ~ after a few wears the lining in them did ease a little (very fluffy) and are perfect now....I have had them a year and they have been awesome for the winters here in Ohio!! They have kept my feet warm & 100% dry!!!! I have even ventured out in these with no socks!!!I recently ordered them in the brown but got a 9 1/2 instead of the 9 and they fit great with my thin or thick socks!!!I would recommend sizing up as they they do run a little small do to the lining in them being so fluffy. I also have a narrow foot and they fit me perfect so I am not sure if my foot was wider if these would be as comfortable? I just ordered these for my girlfriend for her birthday ~ can't wait for her to have them for her walks with her Boxers this winter :) Thanks Timberland for an awesome winter boot!!!
B003ELOZSU Awesome Waterproof Boots Awesome boots! As stated in previous reviews, inner lining is 1/2 inch thick. For this reason, I recommend ordering a half size larger than you normally wear and give enough room for comfort and flexibility of your toes. I normally wear a size "8" and was happy that I ordered a size "8 1/2".  Upon trying boots on, they were a perfect snuggly and comfortable warm fit.
B003ELOZSU Awesome boots! I followed the advice of others and ordered a 1/2 size up. They fit great! I freaking love them. The only thing is they are so warm, my feet actually sweat haha. I live in a very rainy place and they are a fantastic investment. I highly recommend them.
B003ELOZSU THESE BOOTS WERE MADE FOR WALKIN'! LOL! I purchased these boots for.my picky 18 yo. She loves them! Warm a comfortable! They came quickly and were packaged well! Thank u! Got an awesome price from amazon too!
B003ELOZSU Women's Timberland Boots These boots are awesome; the only thing I would recommend is get them 1/2 size larger than what you would normally wear.  They run a little narrow.
B003EV5KB6 I like these boots Do they run in boy sizes or women? I don't have the boots yet but I must get them. Awesome!
B003EV5QDS Smooth Operator Just as reviewers have said before, it is a VERY comfortable pair of boots!!The leather is soft, and it is a Timberland.  Now these are CITY boots, don't compare them to waterproofing excuses that other people have whined about.Other than overlooking the weird mis-matching colors (or I am just lacking fashion sense), I am finding my bravery to wear these awesome boots out in public soon.
B003EV5QDS Love em... With one exception.. The black boots come with BROWN shoe laces!!!!! Other than that, THEY ARE AWESOME!I can wear them for work, dress, or casual play, the style works in all scenarios.
B003NSBZ82 Awesome Boots! When I got these boots I tried them on and they seemed a little flat footed.  I remedied this by gel inserts.  Also I coated them with Camp Dry and they haven't let me down.  The style is incredible and the performance is outstanding.  I love these boots!
B003NUR6CE So far awesome No problems yet. Not to bad on weight. They are comfortable. Size was right on. I would buy them again.
B003OBZSZO I love them They're sooo awesome. I was wearing them basically with everything and everywhere.They're so warm and comfy. I totally would recommend it to my friends
B003OBZT3A excellent buy These boots are awesome!  They arrived quickly, and are just what I needed.  Lightweight, comfortable for dog walking and outdoor snow/rain activities.  They run small, so I'm glad I got the half size up, as was recommended by another person.
B003TFEA5O great boot What an awesome boot. I've been watching these and they finally went on sale. I wear a 7 to 71/2 depending on the shoe. If you are like me order the half size up. I did and they fit perfect and are very comfortable.
B003TFEA5O Awesome boots I ordered my normal size and they fit perfectly.I love these boots, super comfortable.I plan on ordering them in black.
B003XHH0W8 Awesome Great boots love them hard to find have another pair that have been through hell most comfortable boot ever made
B003XHH0W8 feels great awesome i love them looking forward to buying another pair in a different colorcan't wait to save up the cash
B003XTEGPU Love these boots :-) These boots are awesome. I really like the fact that you can both lace up and zip up these boots.  That really helps people who don't have small calf muscles
B0040UDP6C Awesome Service! Boots arrived quickly! They fit perfect and are the light wheat color!! I ordered these for work, but all the memories of high school came flooding back!
B004C5QYLI Awesome boots These boots are great. Very comfortable and would recommend them to anyone looking for a good, light boot to wear.
B004FHCKDE Comfort Awesome shoes, saw them at a Timberland store didn't buy it then being that i was working so I decided to order them online through amazon once I received them It took like any other shoe a break in 2 days so you can really appreciate the comfort and Gortex a plus for sure, I find myself wearing these more than sneakers.
B004K21KS0 Perfect These boots look great and feel awesome. Most comfortable pair of boots i have bought along with another pair of earth keepers.
B004K22QM4 Awesome product. These boots came a day early so I was very happy just make sure to be at your house when delivered because the seller has you sign for them. Also about the product, great feel, very durable, nice looking with jeans. Just all around awesome.
B004K22W2S Great boot.  Awesome all around. Recently ordered these boots and I could not be more satisfied.  First, these boots are offered in wide sizes--Yes!  It's so hard to find wide shoes in popular styles and brands.  Thank you Timberland.  Second, these boots are stylish.  They look awesome with some jeans.  Third, these boots are comfortable.  I've only had them a couple of weeks, but they haven't come off my feet!  I didn't even need to break 'em in.  Last,  at the Timberland website they are offered at $170, yikes!  I found these here at Amazon for under $90.  Awesome all around.Oh yeah, the sizing was spot on.  I ordered 8.5W and guess what.....they fit my feet like my other 8.5W's.Buy 'em.
B004K66PAE Awesome boots! I tried these on by default at Sporting Life just to check Timberland sizing, and I'm glad I did.  They're super comfy and I realized I had to go up half a size.  I receive compliments every time I wear them.  They're a little higher than I would prefer, but still super comfy!  Couldn't pass up the excellent price offered by Amazon!
B004K66PAE Awesome and comfortable!! They are great! I ordered 1/2 size up and they fit like a charm. I would be happier if the price wasn't too high. Otherwise, highly recommended!!
B004K68S86 awesome I love these oxfords. They are comfortable, even when wearing them for a number of hours.  An asset for persons with high insteps
B004L36XCG Awesome Shoes, love the finish These shoes are awesome. I have been looking for mid-top brown men's timberlands for so long I had almost given up hope. These are perfect for both work and casual dress.
B004LQMYQC awesome I got these as a warehouse deal for 30 something dollars. They are $130. There was NOTHING wrong with these boots. I am only sorry its summer time and I cant wear them for a few months. They are great
B004MPRQ1A LUV them These Timberlands are awesome, very stylish, warm, & looks very durable. Im glad I bought them and Amazon has great customer service too. Very satisfied with this purchase!!!
B004P35EMM Fantastic boots These boots are awesome. I have been wearing them for a few weeks and love them. They have been wearing in nicely. they get better looking as they age. Right out of the box they were super comfortable. Although I am not sure if it is the style or if they run larger than normal. The toe of the boot tapers toward the front and leaves a bit more space than I am used to. However the forefoot fits perfectly. The only other issue I have is the recycled cotton laces do not seem like they will last very long. Not an expensive problem.
B004PPLZEG Awesome fit Comfortable, durable, look great. Great riding boots for on my motorcycle. Would definitely recommend this boot to another person. Thanks!
B004RQ1N8Q awesome boot but awesome boot but not for men that have flat feet or low arch.this boot is great, feels like a sneaker but has a med to high arch
B004WJ7DJQ timberlands thats wat im talkin bout quality boots for a decent price and the wool keeps my feet especially worm in the freezin cold thank u amazon for giving me a blessing with these awesome boots
B004XYPKOA Awesome I am always looking for cotton socks and when I saw these on Amazon, I chose to give them a try. I am glad I did. These sicks fit perfect. I have washed them several times and have not noticed any shrinkage. Also, I love the color.
B004YZ7F7I Awesome!! I ordered this jacket for my grandson.  It is light weight and really keeps him warm.  I would definitely recommend this jacket for an average boy who wears size 12-14.
B004ZCE19U Awesome boots Excellent fit the most comfortable timberlands ever with great support.  I own then in in blue, black, wheat, wheat with canvas. .
B004ZCE19U Awesome These boots look even better in real life. In addition, they stay comfortable all day long. Only reason I wouldn't recommend them is because I don't want to have the same boots as someone I know.
B004ZCE19U The boots What an awesome pair of boots, they are exactly what I order in the picture and the fit was perfect. I refuse to not order again from Amazon
B004ZCE19U Awesome! I wear a woman's 9 but alas they only come in men's sizes. These are the most comfortable Timbs ever made. I don't even need to put new insoles in them. My only complaint is that my feet sweat in these. I'm 32. I've NEVER had a problem with sweaty feet. Even untied I start to get moist socks. Regardless, they're still my favorite pair of work boots. I plan to get them in every color.
B004ZCE19U Awesome Boots The timberland boots were awesome, I would really recommend all timberland boot lovers to buy them from Amazon, as they are less expensive and the quality of material is identical.
B0054HM3YA awesome boots I had these boots in brown. My new job wanted me to have black boots. soo i looked everywhere and couldnt find anything i liked so i went online and found these and they are absolutely perfect
B0056QW98E Amazingly comfortable shoe,,, As a RN in the OR, a lot of standing and moving is required. So I needed some new comfortable shoes for the job. These timberland renovas are AWESOME!!!! Perfect for nursing. For me they are true to size because they will stretch as the plantar portion conforms to your foot.
B0058SHRNC Awesome! These shoes are absolutely awesome.  They look cool and are super comfortable. They are the perfect addition to my fall wardrobe.
B00590WN4C wow! awesome! very light, comfortable, convenient!definitely this is my best everyday option!on the leg did not feel it! I love them!
B005A5YQ2S Looks even better in person I saw these on several sites for more than double the price. These reminded me of my childhood boots but way cooler. The throwback styling is awesome and they are super light, breathable, and the outsoles seem super grippy. I think these will work well for winter. I'm glad I didn't wait to buy these.
B005A5YQ2S Beautiful boots I been wanting this boots for the longest time and finally have them. They are all I expected and more and simply are fantastic. Quality and build materials is terrific and they are just overall awesome and comfortable boots to wear.
B005A7RO3Y Great shoe. These boots look awesome and are super comfortable. I wear them on the job and off and so far they have held up to everything I have thrown at them. Ladders,water,welding you name it i've done it in these boots. They fit true to size, I did put a set of arch insoles in them which made them even nicer. If I had one negative thing to say is that they are a little warm for summer use, they don't breathe as well as some. That being said I wear good wicking socks and that helps a ton. For $55 these are a steal!
B005BWB2QI Great Boat Shoes! Shoe are awesome.  Light weight and comfortable legs and feet don't get fatigued after wearing all day.  I will get another pair!
B005FI1VE6 Look awesome but create smelly feet We love these shoes. They look great, are comfortable and soft. Good grip. But they lost a star because they smell once they get wet. Now my son has smelly feet alot. So that was a big disappointment as its antibacterial!!
B005FI1VE6 Awesome! My daughter loves them. She wore them all over our amusement park vacation. I highly recommend them.  Great price for a great shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Awesome Buy Great DURABLE shoe for my 4yr old toddler. She absolutely loves and has worn every day this summer so far. So easy for her to put on and take off. Want to go back for another pair!
B005FI1VE6 These shoes are awesome and can take a punishment This is my 4th pair for my son and 3rd pair for my daughter. These shoes are awesome and can take a punishment!
B005FI1VE6 Awesome Shoes I bought these sandals for my son. He has a wide foot. They fit Awesome ! They look very sharp on. He loves them. Very well made shoe. Very Satisfied !
B005FM5Q3O Great What can I say, it is a Timberland. Quality guaranteed. They are light and tough. They can get wet. The rubber has the no odor technology. They are adjustable on top and In the back. They are awesome. I got a size 13 for my 6 year old and paid half price because I got them in winter :)
B005FMBDD6 4 yr old (going on 5) loves them! She thinks that it is awesome that she can get the shoes wet.  They are comfy enough for her to wear even when walking to her TKD class.  No blisters and she seems to like them very much.
B005GY98C6 Comfy as Hell These shoes are just awesome. They are comfy and fit really well. I would almost say about a half size big even. But they are really comfy.. Oh I said that already.
B005GYECXQ AWESOME BOOTS! VERY VERY COMFORTABLE CHAKA BOOTS THEY ARE VERY LIGHT AND FEEL LIKE SNEAKERS,WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE EXCELLENT BRAND AND I WILL BUY TWO MORE PAIRS IN BLACK AND GREY!
B005GYLRRK very comfortable and looks amazing they looks awesome! are very comfortable! if you like timberland you will like these boots! they are very light too!
B005MI875U awesome shoes I ware them all day and my feet feel great. This is my 2nd pair and I will be buying them again.
B0063OPUB6 AWESOME!!! I've been looking for these boots for a long time. I finally found them. These boots are AWESOME!!! Very Comfortable and it looks great.The seller is also great. Has lots of selection and shipped on time. I totally recommend it.
B006DK6K3C Money! They are awesome! They look good they are light weight and fit great. I wish the lenses we're a little darker tho however in all I like them
B006T307QE sweet Awesome so far, great at work, just got hit by blizzard, great in that too, if they hold up, perfect
B006T307QE Exactly as described, VERY comfortable! These boots are awesome! VERY comfortable, very easy to tie and most of all, cool looking!I would buy another pair if they had different colors.I recommend it 100%.
B006T307QE Great Boots I got these for my hubby for his birthday and he loved them. He said they do an awesome job of keeping his feet warm and cozy!
B006T307QE Awesome & durable boots. This is my second pair, they have taken a beating at work and still doing good after about 6 months!!!! Awesome & comfortable boots!!!
B006T307QE Awesome looking and awesome feeling Shoes arrived on time to Australia and very quick.They look great and feel great.Looking forward to wearing them more often.
B006T31UWE 2 dys and so far AWESOME!!! Wearing them right now... The only thing I knew was that I like Timberland products and these have turned out top be the sweetest thing so far.  They are as if not more comfortable than my running shoes.  they look great and super comfy.
B006T32HSK These boots are awesome! Very comfortable! I definitely recommend these boots. I have only had these boots for 2 weeks but the 1st time I put them on they felt like they were already broke in
B006T32HSK Great boots! Awesome boot very comfortable! Will buy again. Didn't take long at all to break in and they aren't heavy at all
B006T32HSK Great boots Awesome heavy duty work boots this is my 2nd pair and have always bought redwings now all I buy is timberland pro boondocks with saftey toe and my toes never get cold and feet stay comfortable all day
B006T32TKG Awesome boots Most comfy boot I have ever owned even beets the rockport umbawe hiking boots!! Super warm and made of top quality leather
B006T32TKG So happy I could sh.. Wow.  I always complain that workboots are never comfortable.  Well, I can't complain any more.  These boots are comfortable right out of the box.  If there is one drawback--it's that they don't come in black.  Hey!  If Timberland makes them in black I will buy another pair.  Thumb up.  Awesome.
B006T32TKG THEY'RE AWESOME I ordered these to begin with based off the description, I needed some with a safety toe.  When I received them they didn't have oneand even the replacemen came in incorrectly, be extremely careful when ordering these.  After I received the correct boots though, THEY ARE AWESOME!!!  I work 300' in the air and it gets extremely cold where I live and my feet stayed warm.
B006ZGV4C6 Awesome Boots! The styling of this boot is beautiful and well made.True to size and very, very comfortable.I am happy!
B006ZITOOY Love these boots So comfortable and sturdy, I could walk all day in these with just a thin sock. The heel is not too high and they look awesome with skinny jeans or leggings. I've gotten tons of complements. Get these on sale even better!
B006ZJ2ZUI Awesome These boots are awesome.  I needed them for choring.  I wanted something pretty easy to slip on and off, but also could be tightened because typical rain boots tend to slip up and down as I walk.  These are comfortable and fit well.
B006ZJ39IA LOVE THESE BOOTS Seller was prompt and delivered as expected. The boots are awesome, SO comfortable and even with long hikes, I got no blisters breaking them in. The toe box is wide enough, toes never feel squished.
B006ZTJSR6 Awesome! Extremely light and durable.  I took them on a four mile hike the first weekend I got them.  No blisters and they are very comfortable.
B006ZTKCL2 LOVE THESE BOOTS! these are awesome boots. they fit and wear like basketball shoes with a very solid vibram sole. super comfortable I highly recommend.
B006ZTTV1O Too Boot! First time in a long time I purchased Timberlands. I usually wear Neil M, Docs, just to name a few. These boots rock, comfortable, look great and quality seems exceptional. I bought a second pair and too boot the price is awesome!
B006ZTTV1O awesome My feet love them and so do I. :-)I thought it would be rough to break them in but no, they felt right the very first time I wore them.
B006ZVRS1C I love this shoe Now timberland is my favorite brand. Very soft, comfortable, durable... Bored, I do not want anything more to write :0)Shorter awesome shoes...
B0070SU44C Awesome Stuff ! This is just an awesome stuff.....i m loving it.Its very comfortable and perfect for a date or outing with friends.
B00713499W The little guy loves me :) Awesome buy, thanks!
B007135FDQ Awesome Comfort Really nice shoe with perfect fit. Really comfortable support. Rugged yet smooth uppers with a high quality leather. Wear these every day! Bought three pair!
B0072NQIZ4 These are awesome! I have been wanting to try these for a long time they are super comfortable and very flattering. I have received many positive compliments!
B0072NQIZ4 Awesome!!! I am a nurse and working 12 hours this baby keeps my legs feeling good. I would recommend this to this who have a wide feet like I do.
B007782V1O awesome boots! I always wanted a pair of Timberlands but they are always so expensive so I'm glad I stumbled upon these on Amazon. They look great and you can fold the top down for a more feminine look. At first they are a tight fit but you just have to break them in of course.
B007784JI2 Lance L Real nice boot feels awesome hope they last . The last pair of timberland boots I had a blow out . This pair looks like their made a lot better
B0077SY810 awesome boots Timberland finally came back out with some new styles after all of these years. These boots are comfortable out of the box, look sharp, and haven't seen anyone else with them. Great choice, just don't wear them around me.!!!!
B007TGA2JM Totally awesome boots My daughter wanted these. They are super comfortable and very durable. Well worth the money. We paid more for other boots (fashion) and had to return them...the others were very uncomfortable and never hold up. Really a great pair of boots...
B007TGA2JM awesome these are perfect for me because I have a narrow foot, and they actually fit.  So if you have wide feet I would recommend ordering up a size.  they did come with a superficial flaw, the stamp that says waterproof was done in a smudgy way, or stamped twice in slightly different spots on the boot.  However, it is jot at all noticeable so who cares.  really comfortable boots, I'm on my feet all day and have no issues with them.  they do take some time to break in, which i consider a good thing because it means the leather is good quality.  these are awesome boots.
B008FA81Y4 Awesome! This set was amazing. I took it to China for its maiden voyage and it held up beautifully! They roll easily, the padded handles make it easier to carry. It got thrown around a lot and was extremely durable. They stayed really clean and were all around just awesome! I used the backpack as a day bag and it was the perfect size. A little smaller than a regular bag but perfect for what I needed. Love the whole set!
B008FN5ZRC Amazingly comfortable I just love how comfy these boots are to my feet. The quality of just how the boot is sewn is just beautiful. Looks more awesome worn!
B008M2MGSC Awesome boots The boots are high quality, look awesome, and fit great. The sizing is the same as other Timberland boots, but these boots feel like high top sneakers, The blue color goes great with jeans. I highly recommend them.
B008M2MGSC awesome Got these for my husband and he loved them.  I like them becuase they look like a gym shoe but give you the book benifits
B008M2ZFQW Awesome Comfort Timberland has geared up an awesome product line that focuses on comfort and the environment.  If you did not know, after the disaster that hit Haiti, they spearheaded a campaign to raise money.  Inside a select line of shoes had an inscription on the inside portion of the tongue that paid homage to the nation.These shoes are superb.  Very comfortable, a little on the large size, make sure you order a half size smaller.  Surprisingly they have removable inserts, so if you do not like the ones Timberland provided, choose your own.  They are very soft, well made shoes. Since it is made out of recyclable materials expect it to wear a little faster than normal.
B008M2ZFQW Awesome Summer shoes Fits perfect & very comfortable. I would recommend it in the summer. Thinking about getting the white ones but it was sold out.
B008M4UN2Q TimberlandSandals Very comfortable, stylish, and the quality passes my expectations. The leather is soft and the shoe hugs my feet perfectly. Awesome!
B008MHR6D2 Awesome Did what I needed for the to do. Glad I made the choice to purchase this brand of shoe. Thanks
B008MHR6D2 Good stuff Don't forget to check sizing info on Timberland page :) Otherwise just awesome. Very comfortable. I like everything about it
B008N6YRCK awesome So comfortable, not narrow, stylish, simply elegant and $20 less than zappos&#128522;. Will check timberland from now on for sandals.
B008YAW3MQ Awesome This stuff is great. I like its compact size. Its  a little bit pricey, but over all worth the money,
B008ZBPGFU Awesome I was looking for a good pair of slippers/house shoes that utilized wool.not only do these have wool... it's SmartWool!!the footbed is absolutely wonderful.I love these.  My feet stay comfortable, not hot and sweaty.
B0096NTSZK awesome shoe These shoes fit great and look awesome.  I always buy Timberland products for their quality, and this one didn't let me down.  last pair I wore lasted 10 years.  Wore like an investment more than a shoe
B0098X5D98 Great shoe I am a nurse , so having something comfortable on my feet is a must have!!!!These shoes are awesome. I am actually thinking about purchasing a few more pairs to wear instead of my usual sneakers. They are roomy and allows for the toes to breathe. Everyone compliments me on the color.
B009R9EJ3E Awesome once you cut to fit. They weren't the same as what came with my boots and I did have to cut to fit a little, but they are even better then I had hoped! A lot of support and extremely comfortable.
B00A27DADU Great quality boots These boots are awesome. Insulated and comfy. I live in Ny where it's cold and snowy, these boots provided warmth and traction on ice. I would Def buy these again. Possibly another week.
B00A4564CE I love it This watch is very awesome!! I like the watches pretty well. I would like to buy more from timberland soon.
B00AQLQ05W Awesome! Awesome little boot! My twins loved them! They for were for Christmas and did not want to wait! Very well made!
B00AQNNZ80 Great Boots! These boots are awesome for my rugged 3 year old! He lives outside which means his shoes take a real beating. These are well cushioned around ankle; no break in time for little feet. They look beautiful, even better in person and I'm confident these will still look good and preform when the 3 year olds baby brother needs them.
B00AR1XL2G awesome boots these boots are awesome.They really are waterproof and well insulated! they are super comfortable too. Sizing are exact !
B00AR3GB9O Awesome Comfortable, great padding. Very warn, but not cumbersome. Both my boys (ages 3 and 6) can run in them like sneakers, no problem. They love them. Very easy to get on and off, but still snug. Great purchase.
B00AW7M97S Love them! Awesome price. Great fit. Looks fantastic. I've been looking for tall boots just like these and am very happy with them. And only having to wait only 2 days for them to arrive via Prime is just a bit indulgent.
B00AW7M97S Awesome!! Best boots I've bought in awhile. Great fit, great leather, and great style. Will definitely buy in another style. Awesome
B00AW7M97S awesome boots Love these boots!!! Very comfortable and very well made. They are true to size and width. The detail on these boots stand out and give them a great look.
B00AW7M97S I love it! It was more beautiful than the picture shows, but the size is smaller that I have expected. overall it was awesome.
B00AW7M97S Comfortable, tough and cool boots I love these. I was unsure at first because I don't usually do the lace-up thing but I wanted to give it a try. I have very slim legs didn't want something that overwhelmed my frame, but they really do look awesome. They are comfortable right out of the box, almost like walking in sneakers. I got the dark brown and wore them to lunch with a girl friend and she pretty much immediately ordered her own pair in black. They work well in Brooklyn!
B00AW7M97S Awesome Boots! Boots are awesome! Great price for a good quality boot. Sizing was accurate, I wear a 10 ordered a 10 and they fit perfectly. I have small calves and these are perfect because you can tighten the laces!
B00AW7M97S GREAT BOOTS These boots are awesome. When I first got them they felt a little snug but they adapted to my feet within a few wears and now they feel amazing. I am between a size 8 and 8.5 depending on the shoe, and I definitely needed the 8.5 in this boot, but they are perfect. The color is great, and the more wear they have the better and more weathered they look. Highly recommended.
B00AW7M97S I wanted these boots bad. I read through tons of reviews. I ordered a half size up. They were narrow but I have super wide feet. It's taken a littlewhile to break them in which is why I waited to write a review, but now they are so awesome and I can wear them with anything. They are just as awesome as I thought they would be. Super comfortable and super versatile.
B00AW7M97S AWESOME BOOTS! I bought the Steve Maddens Troopale Bootie first,,, way to narrow,, shipped them back and bought these Timberlands. When these boots arrived, I put them on and fell in love!! So comfortable. I bought the size I normally wear and they fit perfectly. I wear them almost every day to work with casual pants or a mid calf dresses and skirts. I have had so many compliments on them. Will buy Timberlands again!! Thank you Amazon for the easy return process!!
B00AW7M97S Awesome awesome boots! I am always skeptical of buying shoes online, because I have 1 foot that is a size 8.5 and another that is a 9.  Both my feet have wide toes and narrow ankles, and my calves are large and very muscular - a perfect storm for online boot buying!  However, these boots are true to the positive reviews.  They are my first ever Timberland brand shoes, and they fit very comfortably right out of the box.  After wearing them for a few days, I found the ankle area a bit constrictive when I bend, but that is beginning to soften with each use.  I also would NOT recommend these as snow boots.  The leather seems up to the abuse, but the soles are very slippery and not remotely equipped to deal with wet snow.  They'll be great 3 season boots, which I'm perfectly satisfied with.
B00AW7M97S THE BEST COMBAT BOOT!!! Fit true to size&#8230;.gorgeous and comfortable&#8230;I stand 10+ hours a day doing hair and they are awesome&#8230;the PERFECT height (I am 5'8&#34;). I will be buying them in back as well!
B00AW7RBGC Love my new boots! Awesome boots! I am very pleased with the purchase. They are handsome boots. They fit well, are comfortable for walking and look great.
B00AW8HF9Y Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! These boots are awesome!  So much so, that I bought them in black and brown.  The price was awesome, they are timberlands and they are waterproof.  What a great deal!.  I bought my regular size, but I bought them in the C/wide size because everyone was saying they ran a bit small.  What a wise choice.  I do have small calfs, and they fit my calf perfectly.
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots I love these boots! They look great with jeans or dresses. I like that they are just a little rugged with the sole, which makes me feel like they'll last forever. I've gotten a lot of compliments on them. I have another pair of Timberland boots and they run a little small, so I went a half size up with these, perfect!
B00AW8JG9G Timberland Boots I bought my wife these same boots, in black, about 2 months ago and she loved them so much that I surprised her with these brown ones. Needless to say, she thinks I'm awesome (which I am).
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! These boots were comfortable right away. They are great for work or going out. I am happy I got them at such an awesome price!
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots These boots are so comfortable. Perfect weekend boots.  I have only worn them a few times, so I cannot say how they will be once broken in, but I love them.
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots These are comfortable and beautifully made; they are as comfortable as Old Gringo cowboy boots and that is saying alot!
B00AW8JG9G awesome beautiful boots I am usually a size 8. And bought a 8.. they were a little snug at first.  I put them on and wore them 3 times they stretched out. The leather is beautiful the heal is a perfect height.  Very comfy.  They are very high quality.
B00AW8JG9G Quality boots These boots are awesome. They are very well made. I did my research and it paid off. Additionally, Timberland is an environmentally conscious company and it shows. Delivery was flawless. 5 stars easily.
B00AZPO90W Awesome boots. I've had them for a week and they ran a little big (only reason I'm not giving 5 stars), but they're awesome. I can tell these are going to last me for a very long time. Very stylish, and super quality.
B00AZPO90W Awesome boots These boots are awesome : fits perfectly, very good leather quality, looks great, sole made from elastic rubber with good grip.
B00AZPQV6C Love my boots! !Awesome! Fits great, comfortable, great quality, beautiful color and I 'm very satisfied, so much so that i bought another pair, when these wear out.
B00AZPQV6C Perfect!! This is the best pair of shoe in my life! It fit so good and so comfortable. I wore it during the snow last week. It was awesome and it proved itself as a waterproof boot. Highly recommended!
B00AZPS9W6 AWESOME BOOT Love these boots.  Got a black pair initially and loved them so much got a gray pair also.  A boot that looks like a sneaker.  Where them all the time.
B00AZPS9W6 Great!!! Bought these and they arrived brand new and exactly what I wanted. These are some classic sneakers. I really like them!! Seller was also awesome!! These shoes are pretty sturdy. I have been wearing them in Afghanistan and they hold up pretty well.
B00AZPS9W6 Awesome boot!! Very comfortable. Had to buy a size smaller. Timberlands normally run big. Great purchase. Looking to buy more colors. Awesome!!
B00B7FGQDM AWESOME BOOTS! I had a pair of the dark brown boots like these and loved them.  Had them for about 3 years and it was time for a new pair.  Saw this color and really liked it.  Boots are very comfortable and very well made.
B00B7H5M4O GET TWO PAIR!!!!! Super boot and well worth the price.  Comfort, look, durability is awesome.  If you buy one pair......... buy two, you won't regret it.
B00B8I9AI6 Awesome boots, great quality I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them! They look good and go with pretty much anything. One negative aspect is the laces - they are really thin and slippery, and sort of like a very thin rope. They don't look good and they are annoying to tie. We just switched out the laces for some normal ones, and now they look awesome.Fit true to size, and the quality seems perfect. Also, unlike some other Timberland boots I have seen, the leather doesn't show scratching easily, which is a huge plus! Great price too :)
B00B9PA37A Awesome boots! Great looking boots that will make the ladies think you're tough and stylish.  Just be careful about the sizing; mine were about half a size too big.
B00B9PADWA Awesome Boots-You will not be disappointed These boots are quality and well worth the money. They were so nice my son ran out and got a pair.
B00B9PADWA Awesome...but run 1/2 size large. They run large according to reviews, but are great boots...look awesome with any type of pant....I want them in all colors.
B00B9PADZ2 Awesome! These boots fit so well (first pair of wide boots I've gotten) - and they look awesome. I've had them mistaken for dress shoes. They are great for looking good in the winter and having some functionality.
B00B9PADZ2 Awesome Boots for Winter Very comfortable and is surprisingly not that heavy. Even my friends have commented that it suits the foot perfectly when compared to the more bulky conventional timberland boot
B00B9PADZM Awesome Boots These boots are absolutely great. The size is right on. They are extremely comfortable. No break in time. Light weight but high quality. Best pair I've owned.
B00B9PADZM No break in!!!! So far sooooo comfy!. A bit long in the long and narrow in the toebox. I wore these to work to break them in and were comfy, I think I stood more than sat! The laces seem long but these are awesome hikers!!!
B00B9PJBDC even with bad feet these boots are awesome I have plantar fasciitis and these boots do not hurt my feet at all. Will buy another pair actually I already have,
B00B9PM56C Great! They were a perfect fit!!!  Exceeded all of my expectations.  They are warm, comfortable and awesome.  They are a must buy
B00BB7BX66 Awesome boots These are the first Timberland boots I've ever owned and so far they are awesome. The fit is perfect, they're comfortable and they look good.
B00BCJV7H8 Awesome boots! Love these, perfect light weight for everyday wear but still very warm. Really stylish and comfortable. Although did need a footbed for my high arches.
B00BCJV7H8 Awesome Boots These boots are perfect!!  I love the color and the inside keep my feet very toasty.  I ordered 1/2 bigger as recommended by other reviews.  I liked them so much that I ordered the black as well.  Great choice.
B00BCJV7J6 Great boots Awesome boots I love the comfort, support and style. They are warm and comfy for walking. Just what I was hoping for!
B00BCJXLHW Awesome boots! These are even better looking than I imagined. The burgundy color is actually beautiful! Not too purple or too red, just right!
B00CM0BEG0 Not $500 worth of boots They are awesome. Great looking. Somehow timberland pulled it off to set a everything timberland trend including work boots. Overtime will definitely lose their waterproof. Jeans and tie everything goes. Down? The pricey handmade label.
B00DYQVVT6 Really awesome find! I love Timberland products, and own another pair of knee-high boots they made. well, constructed, nice looking boots. THESE and my the knee highs
B00DYQVWZ4 Awesome!!! Awesome!! Perfect fit, comfortable at first wearing, no breaking in necessary. Love them!! Happy I bought them in black and brown.
B00EAKXW6K get the best boots if you love your feet. I don't usually Write review but I do read them and based on reviews I make decision on a purchase.I am so happy with this boots that I thought I need to write a review and tell people how awesome this boots are.First they are so extremely comfortable, I read a review and the guy said it's like wearing sneaker but I say it's better...Hek I usually walk round the house barefoot but since I bought this I don't want to take them off.I cannot comment on durability because I only had them for a week, but I had some Tim pro's that last me for two years that's twice as much that any other brand.Overall it's a awesome boot I'm thinking of getting a few pair just to have them.One thing I do gotta say is some people where saying that this boots run big but that wasn't the case with mine just order the same size as always.
B00ESBGQEQ Great weatherproof boots These boots are awesome. My friend recommended them to me as I needed a nice weather proof boot. Literally could be splashing in puddles or inches of snow and there's no leaking or wetness. Highly recommend. Fit true to size
