B000073TM3 Stylish boots The timberland field boots are wonderful.  They are very comfortable and can be worn with any casual outfit.  I own several pairs and I think they are the best Timberland boots made ever.  You won't feel disappointed if you spend your money on these boots.  They are worth it.
B00009WMIH Timberland 50061 Newbuck Chukka Timberland 50061 Newbuck Chukka is the same as this black chukka. This is THE most comfortable and lightweight all around no BS boot I've ever worn. There's no Thinsulate but it is very water "Proof" I'm sure you don't want to walk into a pool with them but again, they are great boots Make sure you get the 50061 they have a lighter sole than the other Timberland boots less "Beefy" I use them for work and for the gym as well. Just all around the best boots I've ever worn. For Deep snow I would say get an 8' at least boot but for hiking, gym, work from CA to NY the 50061 is great. The new buck gets dirty fast so get 2 pair. One for beating on and one for going out "styling" if you will. Again, very light weight, true to size can't beat em for under $100.00. Great for landscaping, hunting, you name it. If you need severe cold weather you may try something with an Insulate if not these are the best boots ever made. The Black model is a different # but exactly the same just in Black Leather.
B0000AT8CK Best purchase ever! I absolutely love these boots! They fit a little large but otherwise totally worth the money spent! They look just like the picture.
B000BB15ZC Perfect Boots! Light weight,  comfortable, and kept my feet warm while walking on the snow. One of the best boots I have ever bought.
B000BB15ZC Great Boots! The Best Boots I have ever owned thy are like wearing a running shoe. They seem to be very durable .
B000BB15ZC May be the best I've ever worn I wear these to work every day and couldn't be happier with the fit, feel and comfort.  Probably the best pair of boots I've ever worn.
B000BB15ZC Best boots ever Love them use them as work boots 5th pair I've owned.  Light weight. I have a pair for dress and one for work.
B000BB15ZC I'm wondering if anyone ever actually hiked in these? Blisters within minutes. I'm wondering if anyone ever actually took a HIKE in these? I should preface by saying I'm not an idiot, I wear hiking socks and I broke them in for 2 weeks before I took them on the trail. Within minutes of starting off on the trail I noticed blisters developing in at least 2 spots on each foot. I didn't notice until I started walking up the mountain but there is an extremely rigid heel plate that slants inward towards the heel and causes a TON of friction which immediately = blisters. These boots are probably great work boots. Or walk in the park boots, or rainy day boots but I will definitely not be wearing them on another hike. I'll go back to my old pair of beaten down and treadless 10 year old columbia boots. (best pair of boots I've ever found but no longer in production)
B000BB15ZC The best timberland ever!!!! I bought this pair few days ago but already can tell this... THE BEST PAIR EVER !!!!!So comfy ,light ,fells like you feet never tired even after an hour fast walk.So glad i got this pair and highly recommend to anyone who is still consider about which one to buy.
B000BFIHVS very good boots these are the best boots i ever got they are worth the money i paid for them and i say to every one is try them once and i tell you no lie they are very well made boots
B000BFIHVS Boots that Fit. The best Boots . Its is not easy to find shoes for big people. The price was fair. I
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot,Brown,10.5 M Best Boot I have ever owned. I have had 3 pair of these and as long as they keep making them I will buy them. Very lightweight, waterproof and take a beating!
B000BFIHVS Great Boot!! One of the best boots I have ever had, very light and comfortable . I am on my 5th pair, last a long time.I always keep at least one new on standby...
B000BFIHVS Outstanding I have worn these boots nearly every day since 2012 and will get at least another year. I have not oiled them nor really kept them in good shape and wear them in rain and snow as I live in Wisconsin and not gotten wet feet yet but suspect I'll oil them this month.  I drag my feet alot so go through shoes quick, these boots have been severly punished and are the best I've ever had. size was tight till they were broke in (1 week) then light and ready. Best investment I've made.
B000BFIHVS Fits True to Size - Excellent Boot Another quality Timberland product. These have quickly became my favorite boots and actually the best I've ever owned so far. Quality construction and comfortable right out of the box. Great for hiking and whatever you can throw at it. Highly recommend
B000BFIHVS Best hiker I've ever owned. I've been through a lot of hiking boots. Some good and some just OK and some that absolutely tear your feet and heels up.These Timberland's are the best I've ever owned. I could take my dog out all day and actually hike until he was ready to call it quits. With a 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear I could use them with thermal socks and even go all day in sub freezing weather. I did have to watch the deep snow a couple of times but that's not the shoes fault. They are hikers after all and not snow boots.I hope Timberland keeps this model available into the future and doesn't mess it up by designing fashion over function.
B000BFIHVS Good boots These are the best boots that I have ever had on. They are great for working and playing outside. A bit heavy but I prefer them like that
B000BFIHVS Wowwwww This has to be one of the best pair of shoes I have ever own. I bought it for work and on my feet all day,.after years of pain from bad shoes, the pain is gone, I plan on picking up another pair soon.
B000BFIHVS Best work boots ever. First pair of timberland boots and I was really amazed how great they are.Right out-of-the-box they we're so comfortable I work 12 hours a day.I would highly recommend these boots super comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Best Boots I have ever owned These boots are by far the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. I am in construction and am on my feet a lot so comfort and durability are very important. These boots are well made and don't leak around the seams like my previous boots did so my feet stay warm and dry all day. I fully plan on buying another pair. I have been looking for some boots like these for a long time.
B000BFIHVS timberland white ledge i am a landscaper and i been bying these boots for many years they are the best !!! feet stay dry very comfort  timberland white ledge are the best!!!
B000BFIHVS Excellent I like this shoes. It is useful and good looking. I advise it. Leg of this boot is the best I have ever seen.
B000BFIHVS So far these are the best pair of boots I have owned. So far these are the best pair of boots I have ever owned. However I have yet to hike or submerge them.
B000BFIHVS Amazon and Timberland are the best Excellent deal as if I were shopping in the best stores in the world. One problem, can't get enough of it.Many thanks
B000BFIHVS work boot Best out of the box fit ever!! I bought another pair, because they usually quit carrying anything I really like. I really like these boots! :)
B000BFIHVS THE BEST OF THE BEST! These shoes are te best! The ft is perfect and they are lightweight and comfortable.  This is my second round with these shoes.  I bought a pair three years ago and wore them almost daily outside before the sole finally cracked.  I can truly say that these are the best work shoes I have ever had.  I had a hard time finding them this time and hope they will not be discontinued.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots This is one of the most comfortable pairs of boots I've ever owned. Once you go through a very brief break in they are supportive and have great cushioning. I've had maybe 4-5 pairs of Timberlands over the years, and their durability never disappoints.
B000BFIHVS Love these boots! Best boots ever. This is the third pair I have bought over the years. Comfortable, lightweight and very durable. Love them!
B000BFIHVS Best boots you can buy! Had Timberland boots for more than 2 decades.  Each pair has felt like wearing a tennis shoe, with the warmth and protection of a winter boot.  The last years, wear well and are the best boots out there.  It's been a rough winter this year and these have been great!
B000BFIHVS great Best purchase ever made online. My husband is thrilled.  He says they fit perfectly. Wonderful product. I need more words
B000BFIHVS Best Buy Out of the box this boot is the most comfortable I have owned and they cleaned up easily after being encrusted with mud and muck ...
B000BFIHVS Great Boots!!!! I've worn these boots for years. they are great and this was the best price ever.  A little hard to break in though, so have another pair ready in the beginning.
B000BFIHVS Great buy and best boot Best boot, great buy, fast ship. I recommended for all. Fit as expected, leather water proof, color brown... Best best
B000BGMMZ4 The best boots I've ever owned. I've owned 5 pairs of these boots and have been very happy with every one. These boots looks great and they're very comfortable.
B000BT514K Timberland Men's 6" Double Tongue Without a shadow of a doubt, this is THE BEST timberland boots i ever owned. I got 8 pairs of timberland boots but nothing can measure up to these. I first bought these over 5 years ago and they are so well made its still look band new. It's very stylish and durable
B000FX9A5S Good boots More than I expected and the price was reasonable. This pair of boots is one of the best of its kind I guess.
B000FX9A5S So far best work boots I have owned! These boots so far are extremely comfortable. I didn't have to deal with any break in period. I thought they were going to be really stiff but in fact very supple for the very first time I tried them on. I'm not going to try another boot from now on. These are really well made. Plus I got a great deal here!
B000FX9A5S Boot to asses Bought these boots for my son as x-mas present. He loves them and wears them every day. He said their the best boots he's ever had, warm and comfortable since day one and also water proof!!!!!!
B000FX9A5S My favorite boot I get a work allowance for boots every year, and this is always my preferred boot. I've tried others, but this one just fits the best, feels the best and looks the best.The only drawback of this particular one is that I tend to prefer the quick release hooks as the top two spots instead of holes... it allows for faster lacing and removal, but it can also sometimes make them unhinge and get loose at bad times.That all being said the boot is warm, well constructed, but not so warm it couldn't be worn in summer. In the heat of summer you'll definitely get some sweat.
B000G21BSC Best on the market I've found I bought this boot for work.  I like that it is lightweight, slip resistant, and in a dark, camouflaging color.  The fit is true to size.  I like the wiggle room it provides in the toe.  I hate having cramped toes.  It is the most comfortable boot I've found, and I have tried a lot of them in every brand.  Timberland seems to be the best as far as comfort and quality.
B000G23DQK Best boots I have ever owned. This was the first pair of Timberland boots that I have bought and I can say they live up to their name. Yes, they are rather pricy, but the quality is tremendous. Would definitely recommend them.
B000G23DQK Best boots around! I got these as a gift, so I was a little worried about how things would fit, but everything was perfect and came in 2 days! Best. Purchase. Ever.
B000G23DQK Absolutely the BEST!!! These are definitely the most original, best in comfort, durability and style that money can buy for a pair of Timberland boots.
B000G23DQK Love it One of my best Timberland boots ever purchased was a great investment you can't go wrong with the panties boots
B000G23DQK Love these boots.  Look great. Really like these boots.  Probably the best boots I've ever had.  Owned for about 1 year.  Easy to slip on and off when going in and out of the house.
B000G23DQK The best of the best I bought the Burgundy one and the color looks great!!!just make sure order half size down...
B000G23DQK I love these construction boots !!! These Tim's are very comfortable & can be worn with just about any outfit. They are attractive to the eye & the best construction boots on the market. I highly recommend them.
B000G23DQK Excellent boots Best boot ever the boots were the correct size they were brand new and the price was unbeatable I recommend these boots to anyone
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots Best boots ever - make this purchase - totally worth it.They will last 5-9 years depending on how well you take care of them/use them.Glad I was able to get this for my husband.Thanks Amazon!
B000G24LJS The best deal The best investment I have ever done. Everything is good with my new shoes and I got them very fast I would recommend this to anyone that is looking to get a good deal
B000G24LJS Best shoes ever The buy experience was sweet! The delivering date was acomplished by the seller, the condition of the item buyed and package were excellent and this shoes are simple the best! And of course the price is very well too. thanks from Venezuela to the guys from the Amazon  team for being that great store!
B000ID1CKG Best show ever This is the best shoe ever.  Comfortable.  Dry.  Goes with everything.  I love them.
B000KVA7YI Speaking from experience Not as good as they once were, but still one of the best fitting work boots! 5th pair of timberland pro
B000KVA7YI I've worn Timberland Pro for about 12 years now, and have tried the rest, but always go back to these! I have wide feet, and in addition, size 15 is hard to find in other brands.  I've owned many work boots including Wolverine, Red Wing, and other top names, but Timberland just knows how to build boots that fit!  And along with the best fit is the best comfort&#8230; I've hiked in them, as well as done every kind of construction work you can think of, and these boots last forever.  What more can I say?
B000KVA7YI The best that I have 
B000KVA7YI best boot for the buck Had the Timberland Pro 6&#34; before this, it was the longest wearing boot I have ever owned. Made it nearly 2 years, wore the soles to where they were no longer waterproof so had to replace. Use to buy Herman Survivors and the like $50 to $60 and they would last less than a year. Also I have a narrow foot that usually slops around in most work shoes, these fit GREAT. Absolutely worth every penny.
B000LIKI7G The Best These are the most comfortable boots this writer has ever worn. I've been wearing them since 1976. They are my number one shoe. I've tried several other brands and types, but these are the best. I've haven't been without a pair since first wearing them. The trouble is they're getting harder to find since Timberland became a fashion shoe for wannabe thugs.
B000VQ9QKS The best boots ever They fit like a glove - I'm very satisfied.  Haven't worn them in the snow yet, so we'll see how they do.  Good instep support for my flat feet, no need to use my orthotics.  Walking is a joy once again.
B000VQ9QKS Best boots I've ever ownedL Love these boots comfortable and versatile. Got them mainly for yard work but are great for hiking and in the snow. I'd highly recommend them.
B000VW69IY Best shoe Ever!!! My husband requested these as a Christmas gift. This is his third pair and feels there is no need to ever buy a different pair of sandals. Their super comfy, versatile, good looking and well made.
B000VW69IY Absolutely Best Casual Shoe I Ever Bought! This is absolutely the best casual shoe I ever bought. The genuine light brown leather with saddle-type stitching is extremely stylish and the comfort is second to none. Timberland hit a home run with this shoe (I only wish they made the same exact style in black). Our local Macy's Department store had one pair left and priced at $100.00, so this purchase at $79.30 was right from the begginning!
B000VWCBUY Best boots I've ever owned. I've gone so far as to buy a second pair and will be sad if I can't find another pair once they wear out.  They are stylish and super easy to slip on and off.
B000VWI0R2 Best Purchase of Shoes I've Made Online! The Timberland Stormbuck Oxford's are the best shoes I've bought online to date (first time from Amazon)in about 5 times I've ordered online since starting about a year and a half ago. Not only were they comfortable (I'm on my feet all day at my job), they are sturdy as well. The waterproof feature allowed me to wear these in all weather and wade through puddles of water as well as a couple inches of snow with confidence. The grip sloes made sure I didn't slip on some of the ice we had here in New York City. Best $85.00 I ever spent.
B000VX03GC Incredible comfort and look This is the best boot I have ever felt. I just got the boot but the look was impressive and attractive. Warm and comfort was perfect. I own many boots and these had great comfort. I have arthritis and my feet are always in pain. These felt great. I but them on and I did not want to take them off. I dusted the house with them on.
B000VX03GC Timberland Boots I looked for these boots in retail stores and on line.  This was the best price by far.  Very comfortable shoe it's like having a pair of sneakers on.
B000VX03GC BEST hiking boots he's ever owned! HE LOVES THEM!  Said he wished he could wear them around the house, they are just that comfy!
B000VX03GC Best Boots A great pair of boots! I had a pair I had bought in 2007 that was wearing out and decided to purchase another identical pair. Couldn't be happier. They are the best, most comfortable boots I've ever owned.
B000VX03GC Most comfortable boot ever Most comfortable boot ever. Been wearing them for years almost daily for work & play.
B000VX03GC These boots rock... These boots are perhaps the best set I've ever owned. Nice light weight, durable, and good looking. I've bought Timberland products for years and they never let me down. Excellent boots for the price, considering buying a second pair for somewhere down the road. I highly recommend there, shipping is fast too.
B000VX03GC One of the best shoes i ever had One of the best shoes i ever had! Timberland all the way! amazing quality and great performance! I really love this shoes! Highly recommended! Two Thumbs up!
B000VX03GC Simply the BEST BOOTS EVER This is my second pair of these great boots. After 3 years of almost daily use, it was time for an upgrade. At 55 years old, I can honestly say that these are the best, most comfortable pair of boots that I have ever owned. Your results may vary...
B000VX03GC Best boots ever These boots are so comfortable and durable. I had my first pair for at least 3 years as my main pair of boots before they started showing wear. I was really excited to find the same exact boot to order since they are  the most comfortable boots I've ever had.
B000VX03GC Best boots I have ever owned I honestly love these boots. 25 mile hike and my feet felt great.  I just had to break them in a bit first.
B000VX03GC Bingo Best boot I've ever owned. First pair lasted 5 years! I will forever own this style of boot! Will not be disappointed.
B000VX03GC THE BEST !!!!!!! Hands down the best boot I ever had! This is my son's 2nd pair (he outgrew the old ones), he uses these for Boy Scouts and puts them through the trials: hot, cold, rain, snow etc.  They hold up amazing and ALWAYS keep the foot comfortable.  I've had mine for over 3 years and they're still going strong!
B000VX03GC Best hiking boots ever I have owned 3 pairs of these same boots, and will buy another when these wear out. They last along time with consistent wearing. The best all around hiker I've ever had. They are not insulated well, so if going into snow, wear warm thick socks to stay warm. I did not buy the boots to go into snow country though. I've found I like to wear them because they are comfortable and can be worn all day with ease!
B000VX03GC Comfort The most comfortable boot I ever owned. They are durable and great in any kind of weather. They are great for work, hunting or hiking
B000XEA5ZI Best boot ever! This is the best looking ( people ask where I got them) boot and best feeling. I have had these boots over a year with little wear showing. Going to buy another pair in case they stop makimg them.
B000XEA5ZI awesome boots these boots are very comfortable no break infeel safe in them best boot I ever boughtthey are a bit heavy but there not sneakers!!
B000XEA5ZI Best boots ever. Super strong and comfortable. These are the longest lasting most comfortable boots I've ever had. This is my third pair. I work in a very industrial setting and these boots last over 2 years of solid punishment. I do add insoles because I'm standing for 10 plus hours a day. They might seem a little pricey but they are truly worth every penny and that's coming from a cheapskate.
B000XEA5ZI Best work boots I have ever owned! These are by far the most comfortable boots I've ever owned!I've owned these boots for the last 2 years welding 77 hrs a week for the first year and 40 to 60 hrs a week the past year,they're still going strong. I will definitely get another pair of these when the time comes.
B000XEAA0S The Best work boots I have owned It maybe just a little premature to say the best ever, but I am very happy with them. They fit nicely, very comfortable and non slip soles are great. I have only had these a couple weeks now and I am a little concerned that the warmth I enjoy now may translate into sweaty uncomfortable boots in the summer time. however if this is the case I guess I'll put them away for next fall. They are warm in the cold weather and very much worth what I paid.
B000XEAA0S style and fit not the best, comfortable and very waterproof If you want a comfortable steel toe boot for the winter these are them but as far as style and fit not the best. I have always wore 10 or 10 and a half for several years these boots fit like a full size to big. Unfortunately I had no choice but to make them work due to the fact that I had no other boots after my other pair blew out the soles.
B000XEAA0S best boots ever Had the 6 inch ones for 2 years and loved them.  Tried many other brands and styles and these are the best.  Finally got new ones and tried 8 inch...the only differance is putting them on.  I like the support from the 8s but thats probably because my 2 year old ones were pretty beat.  All in all, GREAT boot!
B000XEACHO Best boots These boots seem like they've been upgraded since last time I bought them. There tough waterproof and comfortable! Only problem now is there so water and air proof it seems like my feet sweat more... Giving them a odor when intake them off.  Doesn't matter s best boots!
B000XEACHO timberland 47001 best boot ever worn, no breaking in, feel like slippers,would recommend these boots to any one doing anything anywhere in the universe
B000XEAKWG some of the best boots i ever owned Love these boots came back on to buy another pair and sad to see they are unavailable. No leaks fits true to size and lasts.
B000XEAM10 really comfortable work boots most comfortable pair of timberlands yet!!!!! I have owned several different styles...best that I have ever worn. Straight out of the box into a 12 hour shift!
B000XEAMXS THE BEST BOOTS EVER. These are by far the BEST safety boots I have ever owned! The composite toe definately makes the boot LIGHT, which helps with fatigue. I work on a concrete manufacturing floor and my feet feel fine after a days work. Boots breathe very well and required no break in time with the soft leather. They even protected my foot when my jeans caught on fire. I'm buying on SECOND pair today!!The con I can find it that the toe faded within two months....
B000XEAMXS Work Boot These are the best pair of boots I've ever worn, they are light and comfortable, I can wear them all day.
B000XEAMXS The best feeling Timberland boot ever I have bought Timberland boots in the past and was never disappointed in how they felt and wore. Well these boots have taken it to the next level. They fit perfect out of the box and are extremely comfortable and lightweight. I could go on about all of the things I like about them but the bottom line is they are the best fitting and feeling boot I have ever owned, period.
B000XEAMXS Very pleased Initially I had to break them in (about a week) but now they are the most comfortable boots I've ever had
B000XEAPDA Timberland Pro lives up to its name Timberland Pro lives up to its name the best boot I have ever owned true to size they feel broke in the first time you put them on. I wouldn't own any other brand!
B000XEAPDA Most comfortable pair of workboots EVER! The only thing I can say is to order a size SMALLER than what you are. I ordered a 9.5 Mens (which is about an 11.5 womens_and I can wear a 12 womens). These boots were HUGE and I even wore a pair of superthick Redhead hunting socks from Bass Pro Shops- I was STILL floating in them.They are, however the MOST comfortable pair of boots I've ever worn (and I'm in them for work around 14 hours a day or more).One thing I highly recommend due to the light weight of the boot (due to ultra thin leather) is to coat the steel toe area. The leather in this area will wear out quickly if you don't. Other than that- this will be the only work boot I will ever buy.
B000XEAPDA Timberland PRO Men's Titan can take it. I am a UPS package car driver.  I put boots through hell.  I have tried many different styles and brands of work boots over nearly thirty years of employment.  These are the best I have ever owned.  They fit great, take plenty of abuse and keep my feet comfortable all day.  I will definitely be buying them again.
B000XEEQAI you forget that youre wearing these boots best and lightest boot ever.this boot is lighter than my sneakers.i never take it off.sometimes I forget im wearing it.you can even dance the salsa in it.
B000XEEQAI 6 time repeat customer These boots are the best work boots.  I have tried a few others, and always come back to this one.
B000XEEQAI Great working Boot I love these boots!  I wear these to work 8 hours a day 5 days a week.  Very comfortable and light weight.  Best price I've ever bought them.
B000XEEQAI Most comfortable boots ever These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had. I wear them everyday, even when I'm not working. I have gotten a new pair every year for the last 5 years.
B000XEEQAI Best Fitting workboot for the price I tried many other more expensive work boots before finding just the right fit with this boot.  Great fit and comfort.
B000XEEW9S Temberlands simply the best ! to sum it up the timberland brand are the very best .realy you couldn,t ask for anything better .I have six pair of different timberlands .no complaints at all ! by far the most comfortable and best fit out there even in comparison with red wing and wolveren and I have been with timberlands for about eleven years now so ThankYou
B000XEEW9S Great Boots! I purchased these boots for my 20 year old son before he went on a two week trip to France.  He said these were comfortable right out of the box, and he never had an adjustment or break in period.  He works at Fed-Ex and has a very physically demanding job where he is on his feet all day.  He says these are the best work boots he has ever had, and make a huge difference in his comfort level.  I wish they made these for women!
B000XEH2JA Best work boots ever I have used these boots for years. They are the longest lasting and most comfortable boots to wear on my 12-hour shifts in manufacting. Get these boots!
B000XEH2JA Good Boots Best pair of boots I have ever owned, and by far the most comfortable. Would recomend to anyone to by these boots.
B000XEH2JA Just what I was looking for!!! This is one of the most comfortable boots i ever wear; And they got to me on time.Thank you...
B000XEH2JA Great pair of boots!! Good fit. This is the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. Would recommend them to anyone that stays on their feet all day
B000XEIZ7S nice boot for the price second best boot ive ever boughtlets hope they hold up to the abuseif they do i will purchase these again
B000XEIZ7S Impressive! These are extremely comfortable, supportive, and durable work boots.  Best work boots I've ever owned.  I highly recommend these boots.
B000XEIZ7S Best work boots Best fit, color, comfort, durability! I walk ALL day long at work and these boots are the best!I highly recommend
B000XEIZ7S Best work shoes These are the best fitting work boots that I have ever had. They are like pre btoken in, and I believe they will last a long time. I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs work boots.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots For work boots these are one of the best boots I've ever had. No braking in will these boots. You will not be disappointed.
B000XEIZ7S Best workboot ever! Bought these for my Husband.  The store we were at did not have his size in wide width, but he could tell they'd be super.  Went here to Amazon and found the size, plus the price was $25 less than at the Mall. They are above and beyond all expectations. Not only are they durable, but as a construction worker on his feet all day (concrete floors, mud, etc.), he says they are the most comfortable boots he has ever owned.  Yay!
B000XEJ9V4 TIMBERLAND WORK BOOT Professional in the trades for over 36 years. These boots are worn 16 hours a day & they are the BEST boot i have ever worn. I have tried them all !!
B000XEJ9V4 hubby will wear no other! great boot, great delivery my hubby is a landscaper and goes through boots like there's no tomorrow. he will not even LOOK at another brand. TIMBERLAND is the best. Normally we have 2 pairs of work boots so he can rotate and one pair of the same brand/style which he can wear out to casual places. Ain't it great - good-looking boot and best in class for mud/snow/rain. :]
B000XEJ9V4 Recommend it to everyone !! This is the best Boot i ever had very confortable last for ever!! i personal to buy it ,, i won't recommend it if the was just one problem with it . but there is not even one. stop searching this is what you need.!!
B000XEJ9V4 awsome the boots are nice, very comfortable, able to be worn for long periods of time and best part it they are water proof.
B000XEJ9V4 The best boots EVER! Comfortable, durable and beautiful!!! Everywhere I go all the attention is mine because of those caramel boots that are great! A classic! I definitely recommend it!
B000XEKHOC Best Boots...Ever I have three other pairs of Timberland shoes.  I ordered the boots in the same size as my shoes, 9 1/2, and they fit perfect.  I wore them to work the day after they arrived and haven't stopped wearing them.  They are the most comfortable boots I've ever owned.  I should mention I received a complement on them that first day.  Hey, they looked new.  I'm planning on buying a tan colored pair.
B000XEKHOC Great boots. The best boots around.  I own 4 pairs, and these are the only boots I will ever buy.  Quick shipping.
B000XEKHOC Best boot ever purchased I have owned close to 5 pairs of these boots. I wear them at work where I spend on average 10 hours a day on my feet. People comment how I can wear such a heavy boot for so long and in hot weather but the comforst and support is better than any shoe I have ever tried. At $100.00 a pair these boots go thru the cycle of work shoe, where they look awesome once polished, then once they have been scuffed and worn usually about a year of upper midwest weather. They then go to my work,hiking, fishing shoe. By this time they are more comfortable than a gym shoe, warm but breathable and waterproof. I used to buy Knapp ATV boots and use them the same way until they started making them in china then they were junk.These unfortunately are not made in the USA either.Tho only problem I have ever had was with my latest purchase where the shoelace grommetts were not properly seated causing the laces to shred. i am sure I could have sent them back but decided to keep them and fix myself. If you know someone that spends alot of time on thier feet and needs great support these are the boots !
B000XEKIUK Tim's are the best. ... Love these boot boots they last for a long time on wear and tear and tell going strong about to purchase another. ..
B000XEKIUK Top shelf Best fitting boot I have ever owned. These boots exceeded my expectations with comfort and quality.  I highly recommend these steel toed work boots.
B000XEKIUK The Best Boot !! These Boots , (Timberland Pro Series) , are the Best !! I have the 8 inch , and they are the Best boot I have ever had !! My boots are Tan. I am going to get the Black 6 inch. And I will always go with Timberland. I've purchased a couple items through Amazon.com , and they are the Greatest. If I need anything , I look at Amazon.com first. I Love Amazon.com !!
B000XEKIUK Best Boots I have ever owned. Every time I am in need of a new pair of boots, I buy these. Most comfortable boots I have ever worn. I have a pair that are three years old and are still comfortable.
B000XEKIUK best boots money can buy! Best boots money can buy, bought this color and black for my husband. The black boots size 12 fit perfect, the brown for some reason ran a size small and we had to exchange for a 13. They are durable, comfortable and very affordable.
B000XEKIUK Great! I bought many boots over the years some costing as mush as 3oo.oo dollars.These boot are the best I have ever owned!So glad I have bought them.They are water proof very comfortable and great on concrete floors.I work in powder metal and they stay clean inside and breathable!
B000XEKK94 So comfortable Best boots i have ever bought  love them so much so comfortable and they fit great and arent to heavy like some botts are
B000XEKK94 timberland pro workboot 5 star these boots are the best timberlands out there. i have been wearing timberland boots since i was a kid , these boots by far out do any work boot on todays market.
B000XEKK94 Best deal I could find They wear great and not so heavy. Look good too! Recieved in just a couple days. Would order these boots for anyone.
B000XEKK94 Best Boots Ever As always, Timberland waterproof pro are the best work boots on the market. They never need a break in period, like slippers right out of the box.
B000XEKK94 great boots very comfortable  does not hurt to break in  I have been buying these shoes for a long time and they are still the best
B000XEKK94 Best work boot I have ever owned Just buy it.  Waterproof and comfortable.  Keep your feet warm in the snow.  Great boot all around
B000XEKK94 Premium workboots I've bought many pairs of workboots through the years. These are easily the best I've ever owned. I read these reviews prior to my purchase and I have to agree. Comfortable, tough and waterproof. I have already purchased a second pair to store as a replacement.
B000XEKK94 Best work boats around These are by far the best work boots I have ever had I tried the cheap stuff from the local stores and was lucky if they lasted me a month but these boots have held up for what's about to be a year under all kinds of weather
B000XEKK94 great boots came fast and were perfect, my boyfriend said they were the best and most comfertable work boots he has ever owned!!!!
B000XEKK94 Great boots! I've been wearing these boots for 30 plus years, I've tried the rest but stick with the best! Keep it up!
B000XEKK94 the best shoes I won't blow smoke up your a.. Straight out of the box the best shoes I have ever had on my feet.
B000XEKK94 Fantastic boot I have had these a year now, and they are the best fitting, most comfortable and durable boot I have ever owned. I wear them everyday at work in the utility industry and I can't see myself buying anything else.
B000XEKK94 Soooooo comfortable... Great value. Good price for a great pair of boots. Almost no break-in required. I ordered 10.5 2E size. I added Dr. Scholls insert for added comfort. Best pair of boots I've ever owned. I can walk around for hours and not have any issues with comfort. Ride on my motorcycle in the cold, and in the rain... very warm, and very dry. I would definitely recommend these boots to anyone.
B000XEKK94 quality by far the best boot for your money,fits and.wears well. Timberland at its Best, I highly recomend these  PRO SERIES BOOT
B000XEKK94 best of the best..but runs big.. not much to say..theyre rugged, tough, warm, boots.. i live in cleveland ohio, i do not drive a car, to get where i need to go, i have to walk amongst unplowed sidewalks, slush, mud, this and that, these boots hold up very well, i clean and rewaterproof them occasionally, i ordered mine in a 10.5 and had to return them for a ten,. i had to have them refunded, but not exchanged, so i had to reorder a size ten, all in all it was a positive buying experience, and the boots are the best ive ever had
B000XELF3O Perfect It's beautiful and comfortable shoes and how what I expected .These are the best boots I've ever had. I do work outside professionally and these makes footwear not an issue.... I would recommend it
B000XELF3O best feeling steal toes ever bought Absolutely the best feeling and most comfortable steel toes ever bought.  Don't irritate toes or sides of feet. Extremely comfortable
B000XELF3O Great boots! These are the best boots I've ever had. I do work outside professionally and these makes footwear not an issue. Other boots I've had have caused blisters over extended use, but these haven't. The leather on the toe have been nicked a bit now, but that I consider normal wear and tear. True to size in my case.
B000XELF3O Best Boots Best work boots I have ever used. I work in restoration work and I am always on my feet and my feet never hurt.
B000XELF3O best work boots ever This is my second pair of Timberland PRO. They are the most comfortable pair of boots I have ever worn. After 13 hours on my feet My feet never hurt or ached, And that was straight out of box and on to my feet. I would recommend these boots to anyone. The only bad point is that the boots only last two years.
B000XELF3O Great boot One of the best boots I've ever had. I wish I got waterproof ones but these are great. Only thing for me is it hurts my heel sometimes if I walk a lot with them. Which I guess you're not supposed to but even with long wool socks it doesn't protect my heel.
B000XELF3O BRYANT B. GARY THIS PRODUCT AT THIS POINT, SEEMS THE BE ONE OF THE BEST BOOTS THAT I'VE EVER OWNED, THE STITCH LOOKS VERY WELL PLACED, THE PRODUCT SHOULD LAST ME FOR A VERY LONG TIME, I HOP TO GET AT LEAST FIVE YEARS OUT OF THE BOOT, I SPIT SHINNED THE BOOTS TODAY, AND LOOK FORWARD TO WEARING THE BOOTS AND SHOWING THEM OFF TO MY FRIENDS.
B000XELF3O best boots ever Had these boots for about a few weeks, gotta say loving them everyday I wear them! There really are comfortable
B000XELF3O comfort an excellent choice,ideal for me as I have a narrow foot - the sole liner is the best I have ever had in a boot - the upper ankle support was a bit stiff to start with,but after a bit of massaging became very comfortable - I have been wearing Mack boots for the last 15 years,am now a convert to Timberland - I originally wanted Cat boots,but Amazon does not send them out of the USA - I am in Brisbane,Australia
B000XELF3O Best way to buy work boots I've been buying work boots for 45 yrs.this is the best way to buy them.I don't lose time going out to look for new boots.Just a few clicks and I have them in a few days.
B000XELF3O BEST BOOT I'VE EVER WORN 5 STARS ALL THE WAY BEST FEELING BOOT FOR THE MONEY. I WILL NEVER ANYTHING ELSE. GIVE THEM A SHOT. I DONT THINK YOU WILL BE DISAPPONITED.
B000XELF3O The best I've ever had. Comfortable, sleek design, strong and safe. No worries, it will endure almost every type of terrain, dirt, wheather...and it will remain everlasting.
B000XELF3O The best Best pair of boots ive ever owned. they are my second pair from Timberland. The first pair made it four years at 40 hours a week.
B000XELF3O black tim's rock awesome boots, best ever!!!!!! i feel like white Biggie, dont mess with me with these on, i love them, perfect fit
B000XELF3O Best and longest lasting work boots I've ever owned This is my second pair and I love these.  There's a bit of a break in period but they are so comfortable for years after.
B000XELF3O Best Boots I own a number of pairs of boots and these fit dead on size.  The are somewhat stiff out of the box, very stiff leather, but even new are comfortable enough to where all day.  Timberland boots are a great value, and these are some of the best Timberlands I have ever worn.  I will be ordering the other two colors.
B000XELF3O Great product Those of the best shows ever wear everybody my company with those shoes those of the best shows for the Masheash up
B000XELF3O These Timberlands are the very best! We've been buying these Timberland Pro 6inch steel toe work boots for our son for several years now, and he thinks they are the very best!  Our son is very tough on his boots, and these can really take a beating.  They are made from the very best genuine leather, are super thick and tough, and even look pretty good in non-work situations.  No complaints at all, they are true to size and hold up very well.  Buy them with complete confidence.
B000XELF3O They are so comfortable. I think that they are great They are so comfortable. I think that they are great . They are the best pair of boots I have ever acquired.
B000XELF3O ouch!!! I love Timberland Pro boots, but these are the least comfortable boots I have ever worn. I sent them back. This is the first time I have ever returned something to amazon. Will I try another Timberlin Boot? Absoulutely... I have several comfortable pairs. Unfortunately, they don't last forever. I wear them so much, I need to replace them every year. Believe it or not, most of the timberland Pro boots I have, are more comfortable than sneakers.
B000XELF3O The best! These boots are the best! Comfortable and nice looking. When boots arrived i was thinking alot whether to use them for work or not because they look so nice and could wear with casual clothes
B000XELF3O best boots and everybody awesome boots as always. I had previously owned a pair for 2 years and finally had to replace them. Highly recommend.
B000XELF3O Best Workboot I've Ever Owned I've had these for about 3 months now.Fit was perfect. Durability is perfect. They could use a softer insole, but I don't know anyone that doesn't replace insoles anyways.Best boot for the money and I won't hesitate to buy another pair.
B000XELF3O Great Boots Well made, great fit, my son said they were one of the best he's ever worn and comfortable. Would buy again
B000XELF3O Work shoes Best work shoes I've ever owned although the sole wore through a little too soon. However I bought another pair just like them.
B000XELF3O Best Boots Very comfortable. 2nd pair I've bought. Long lasting. Best deal on steel toes work boots. I will buy these boots every time
B000XELF3O Wouldn't let my worst enemy where these these were the worst boots ever...... I tried wearing them for 6 months and my feet constantly hurt. At the end of an 8 hour day i felt like i had worked a 15 hour day it was awful. They never really broke in.  I tried these because my carhart were worn out and i needed a replacement. Needless to say they were NO WHERE near the same. I ended up getting another pair of carhart they are the best boots that i have ever worn. If you are looking for a good boot  carhart 3903 the best boot ever a little pricey but much worth the money
B000XELF3O The best! love them at work right now construction and demo and the must comfortable boots of ever had. Recommend highly. Best
B000XELF3O Best Boots for professionals very comfy. I can work all day and do not fill any discomfort. Best boots for professionals. Will buy again. Thank you.
B000XELF3O Best work boots Best work boots ever, more comfortable than gym shoes. Like walking on air, no more hurt feet, great arch support.
B000XELF3O Best shoes ever Shoes are even better than anticipated.  I am very happy with the fit,  and the boots are almost too nice to use as work boots.
B000XELF3O Best boot ever I had a pair of these that I wore for years - until they were completely worn out. They were so useful, comfortable, and stylish (my style anyway) that when it came time to replace them I bought the exact same boot again.
B000XELF3O The best shoes in my closet At first the look great and very well made, BUT once I put them on , I defiantly realize the are Just the best, by far the best shoes I ever had, honesty I used them since I got them for every day, AND. I AM NOT A WORKER. I do use them for meetings, playground, etc,
B000XELF3O Good Enough These are not the "best" steeltoe boots I have worn but I can stand in them all day without my feet feeling like they are ready to fall off.  For the money, Amazon is the best price anywhere, they are a good deal when you have to wear safety shoes.
B000XELF3O best for the money I get the most wear our of these boots I have used many brands and these hold up and don't fall apart best boot under 100 bucks
B000XETJU0 Highly recommended These are hands down the best boots I have ever purchased. Totally worth every penny. I got some mink oil to waterproof the leather and they look great! I work on a hay farm and wear these boots 10+ hours a day. Very comfortable.
B000XETJU0 Best Boots Ever Made! I have been wearing Timberland Pit Boss boots for the last 10 +yrs.I have foot and back problems and without these boots,I would not make it through a work day.I wear them anywhere from 10 to 16hours per day and I think they are the most comfortable best made boots ....period! In stores these boots are always the top seller.They are often imitated but the others cannot compare to them.I will buy these forever.
B000XETJU0 Best Value Second pair . great boots! Especially for the price. I've tried them all from red wing to Carolina. This is the best value
B000XETJU0 Best workboots ever Timberline pro boots are the only boots that are as comfortable right out of the box as we'll worn. They last forever.
B000XETJU0 Great shoes beyond my expection The design is so cool, the size perfectly fits my feet.It is the best shoe I've ever bought.It really worth the price.
B000XETJU0 Best boots i've ever owned. I originally ordered these as just work boots for my mechanical shop, but after wearing them for a week and getting them broken in, they have replaced my walking shoes because they are more comfortable. I ordered size 15 and they fit like a glove with 1/2" of toe room. size is true, and so far they are wearing well. very impressed for the price, very impressed at twice the price!If you need a work boot these are them.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Boots These have to be the best work boots I have ever owned. I'm on my 4th pair and will probably stay with this brand as long as I need boots. A little stiff for the 1st week or so but once they break in, they will be your best friend. Made well, perform well, and priced well look good. What else can you ask for? Buy them and don't look back.
B000XETJU0 Love them Reasonable priced, comfortable, best pair of boots i ever own! this is my 4th pair in past 8 years! i work on concrete so wear soles out before before boots have a problem! free shipping was fast and was delivered day before estimate!
B000XETJU0 simply the best.. These have to be the most comfortable work boots I've ever owned.  I work construction and rely on my feet staying comfortable.  I've purchased so many boots and have always needed to buy inserts to help from discomfort.  These boots need nothing and are so durable. . I've owned them 6 months now and they still smell almost new...that's saying a lot by itself..lol.Thanks for making a great pair of boots with exceptional quality! !!!(Treat yourself) esp . at this price!!!
B000XETJU0 comfort at it's best all day comfort . one of the best boots on the market. i would recommend this to any one on their feet all day
B000XETJU0 Better priced. This is the third or four pair of this style boots that we bought. The price was the best I could find.
B000XETU1I Excellent quality, outstanding comfort. These are the best boots I've ever owned. The quality is outstanding. I have been very pleased. However, they are a bit heavy, but they're work boots so that should be expected.
B000XETU1I Best Work Boots These are the best work boots I have ever have and I have been in construction for over 25 years
B000XETU1I Best work boot My husband ordered these and says they are the best ,- most comfortable- boot he has ever had. He works on habitat job sites which are not level. This boot gives him the support.
B000XEVJJO Highly Recommend these Boots! I have owned these boots for 7 months now. As a Bridge Inspector I beat these boots up yet there is no wear and tear at all. There amazing. Plus the comfort you get is unmatched. The best part is....you can wear these boots to also go hiking, or just wear out in public with out looking like you just left the construction site.Buy these!!!! Best Work boots I have ever wore. Better than my $150 Wolverines or $200 Redwings.
B000XEVLF6 Best Shoes EVER I have been buying these shoes every year now for the last 4 years.  Best work shoes I've ever owned.  I highly recommend them to anyone who needs protective footwear that looks good, fits well,  and doesn't hurt your toes!  My old work boots always bruised my feet and toes and these have never done that!  Amazon is a GREAT place to find competitive pricing!  I found these for $30.00 less than one of the biggest on line shoe stores on the web!  Now that's a bargain!  Thanks Amazon for great deals,  wide selection of products and fast shipping.
B000XEVM50 THE BEST BOOTS IN THE WORLD it's a great pair of boots i will tell all about them just bought 10 more pairs peace out all you boot peoples
B000XEVM50 best boots I ever bought I really like how they feel very light and comfortable and they seem to be durable I would for sure buy me another pair.
B000XEVM8W Great boots! These are fantastic boots to have and they do exactly what they claim to be capable of! I work in an auto shop so I am around a lot of heavy objects with coolant and oil being ever present on the floor. Before buying these boots I was using an old pair of running shoes which was pretty dangerous! After buying these I am amazed at how much better they are than my old shoes! You will not slip or drop anything on your toes and the best thing about them is they are very comfortable for a steel toed boot! 5 out of 5 stars they shipped quickly and ended up here a day before they first expected time of arrival!
B000XEW60K Best shoes ever! If it wasn't for the high price I wouldn't have anything to complain about.  Very comfortable and long lasting.
B000XEW60K best shoe ever i am a contractor and i go through work boots/shoes every 3-6 months.  comfort is #1 for us and this shoes delivers.  timmberland pro line is the best you can get for the $.  cant recomend enough.
B000XEW60K Best work footware I have ever owned! When these first arrived, I really struggled to get my feet into these boots.  I was certain that I would have to return them, and order a larger size.  However, I was finally able to squeeze my fat feet into these boots and wore them the entire day.  I was able to take them off with very little effort, and the next morning I was easily able to put them back on.  I can appreciate the fact, that since these are slip-on, that they start out a bit tight and break in with use.  For me, it only required one day of use and they were perfect.  Now, even after 6 months of use, I feel like I am wearing slippers all day at work!  Best work shoe I have ever owned!
B000XF04LM best work shoes i ever bought. excellent shoes and very comfy. da best work shoe i ever bought. gonna order me another pair to have a spare.luv em.
B000XF4D1Y Best Shoe Ever Boiught Always been in love with Timberland shoes. But was was also very expensive to own. Finally found a merchant in US that was quite affordable.
B000XF6L7I Best boot Bought these boots for my husband, He is a mechanic so he is on his feet all day. He said these boots were the best boots he has ever wore. Very very comfortable and the size I ordered was right on point. Would def recommend these boots! He wants another pair just to go out with ( and not for work)..... HE LOVES THEM!!!!
B000XF6L7I Awesome Boots Best boots I have ever owned, have two pairs and love them. Strong durable and comfortable, worth the price. The pair I use for working are beaten on a daily basis and are holding up perfectly. They are truly waterproof and keep your feet nice and warm. I would highly recommend these boots for work or just wearing around town.
B000XF6L7I THE BEST BOOTS YET I bought these for my son, he needed them for work, its hard to find anything in his size, shoes or boots. Here we found his size and larger. After reading the other reviews about the boot being too small, so he wears a 141/2 usually, so I ordered him the 15 wide and he says it fits perfect! He loves them! In fact, when he gets his first check he wants to buy another pair for everyday use. He said they are so comfortable, like nothing he has ever felt before. He works standing on his feet all day for 12 hours a day 6 days a week and it really helps to be in comfortable boots. He recommends these boots!!!! THE BEST BOOT EVER!!!!! PEOPLE, BUY THESE, YOU WONT REGRET IT !!!!!!!
B000XR2GN4 Timberland Boots These boots are by far the most comfortable shoe/boot that I've ever owned.  For the price, you can't get a better boot!
B000XR2GN4 Great boots First pair of timberlands i owned and i think there the best pair boot s i've ever owned.Would i definately reccomend these boots to anyone who's on there feet long periods of time.
B000XR2GN4 Amazing boots! These were recommended by a co-worker,  so I decided to try them out. They feel great,  honestly the best work boot I've ever had.
B000XR2GN4 Best Boots I'be ever Had These are the best boots I've ever worn. They last a long time and the souls do not detach over the life of the boot.
B000XR2GN4 Fantastic Boots These are the best boots I have ever had. This is my 3rd pair in the last 6 years. I work for a company that suppies at no cost safety boots but I prefer to purchase theswe Timberland boots because the fit and last much better.
B000XR2W1U Most comfortabel boots ever. I walk all day for my job, in all kinds of weather.  These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had,  I am on my third pair,  LOVE THEM !!!!
B000XR30FM love em best boots i've ever owned, the leather gets beat up really fast and east but they have last me a decent amount of time and very comfy!
B000XR30FM boots these are the best fitting boots for my feet. They are wearable right away. No breakin period so no sore feet.
B000XXGMRO Best boots I've ever owned I have worn these boots for a week now and can confidently say they are the best boots I've owned. If previous reviews regarding soles wearing out prove true, I will definitely take them in for repairs. Doesn't hurt that I've already received several compliments from the opposite sex about the looks of them too!
B000XXGMRO it was great.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . it was great.  the boot was warm.  it was as i expected.  and i liked it very much. the best seller. best product
B000XXGMRO Amador County I wear boots almost daily, live in the mountains of Northern California, the Tim Earthkeepers, fit just right out of the box.  I've only used them for two weeks, they may be the best I've ever worn.
B000XXGMRO Best boot ever thank you amazon, thank you papashoe,this is the best boot i've ever worn,but there is something uncomfortable with right shoe, because inner pad is shorter than other one, except that,boot is very comfortablewaterproof, windproof , keep warm,
B000XXGMRO Best boots he has ever had! I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas, he has been looking for these particular boots, for a long time.  He has not worn anything else since Christmas Day.  He claims they are the most comfortable boots he has ever had. He has been searching on line for some advice on how to clean and take care of them. He wants them to last a long time.
B000YDG6FQ The best Of all the boots I've owned over many decades, these are the most comfortable, stylish, well made, and enjoyable I've ever had.
B00170AJFS The Very best boots at an irresistible price! These are just the most astonishingly comfortable boots.  The leather upper is a very soft lightweight grade, they fit like Italian gloves.  The fabric side stretch panel is brilliant particularly for our the less than impressive winter temperatures in Southwest Florida.They are by far the best boots that I've ever owned and are at an irresistible price.  First the Black ones arrived, and then I found myself so taken with them I Had to have the Brown ones as well.  Now I'm wondering if I should have an other pair of the blacks as a backup .. .Hummm!  What do you think?
B001760K56 the best boots i have ever had so far! Waterproof and warm can handle Chicago winters no problem worth the price! Got many compliments on the look too.
B001760K56 Soooo comfortable I ordered these boots online based on the reviews and they are the best thing ever. So comfortable it isn't funny. They didn't need any breaking in, I've been wearing them all week straight out of the box with no blisters. I ordered my normal size and if anything I think they run slightly large. But not uncomfortably so, just leaves a little room for thinner socks. I'd highly recommend these.
B001760K56 Best Boots I've Ever Owned! I can't say enough about these boots. They are perfect in every way. They are a great fit all around and VERY well made.
B001760K56 the best biker-riding boot i ever wore!!!!!!!! One day i was bored to death and started browsing the net for a biker boot..i was looking for a feminine , elegant, yet 'rocking' knee-high boot..... and then it was in front of me!!!!!!!!!This timberlad lexiss full shaft doll!!and then i bought it.....and now i cant take it off my feet...By far, the best boot i ever wore!
B001ABOD24 SWEET!!!! These are by far the best boot/shoe ever. Ive had mine for 3 years and still in really good shape. you can do annything in these boots, they will last. ordering another pair just to have. outlasted 100+ dollar boots. Cant say enough words on how great these are. o yea and they ARE COMFORTABLE.
B001ABTE7S Best Boots I've Ever Purchased Greatest Most durable boots I've ever purchased.  I'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid.  All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost.  I'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting.
B001ABTE7S decent Wasn't quite what i was looking for,but nice looking, comfortable,  I had a pair of these years ago.  They were insulated,water proof and one of the best boots I have ever owned.
B001C4CIP8 Amazing Best boots I have ever owned, by far. I live in the peaks of the Appalachian Mtns. and I can say that these boots are put to good use every day. They do get a little cold due to the fact that I am walking through snow with steel toes but that is to be expected. However with some descent socks they are perfect. Amazing product and I would highly recommend to anyone.
B001C4CIP8 One of the best work boots I've ever owned! Over the years I've purchased many pairs of boots for work, all of which I've bought from a brick and mortar stores. Having bought these without even trying them on was a gamble. However, the moment I put them on I was instantly pleased with my purchase. I will by these boots again.
B001C60BQE Incredible shoe This a my 4 th pair.  It has come to my attention they are discontinuing one of the best shoes ever made.I have been the CEO four corporations and there is always a pinhead who thinks he knows what's best for a company but in this case I think he is wrong
B001EBA784 Best Boots ever These are the best boots I have ever owned. I have had 4 pairs and would buy them forever but Timberland has stopped making them. I am sad.
B001EBJU82 get the best i always wear boots and have been through a lot of them. these are the best i have ever owned.timberland company is a class act.
B001EBJU82 Best work boots EVER! This is my second pair that I've owned. I've worn timberline, redwing, dr Martin and various other brands through out the years and found that these have suited me the best. I work in the oil industry and am VERY hard on my work boots. My last pair of these lasted longer than any other brand or type of boot and did my feet right. I found no other reasonable option other than to buy the same kind again.
B001EWFF30 Best work boots I ever wore They were just what I was told. They are like wearing tennis shoes. Very happy with everything about them. Love them!!
B001EWFF30 Great Boots!! These boots are The Bomb.  Best pair of boots I have ever owned.  They look even better in person than the photos show, inspection shows solid construction and quality materials in every way, and they are very comfortable from the first wearing and stay that way throughout the day.  No break-in period was needed other than getting them out of the box and putting them on.  I had always heard Timberland made good boots and now I know that's no lie.  I could not be happier with this purchase.
B001EWFF30 best boots ever not only comfortable but light weight I would like to order more my family will order some too Thank you
B001EWFF30 Best boots I've ever owned! True to size, waterproof, comfortable, made well and sold at a great price!  I will definitely buy another pair &#34;
B001FXZU92 Best shoes every These are by far the best work boots I ever had. They are so comfortable . Please do not stop making these boots . These are my 3 pair they are great.
B001FXZU92 pro's These timberland pro's are the most comfortable boots that I ha. Ever put on my feet. I have plantars fasciitis in my right foot and im standing and walking at least 12 hours everday. Before these boots the pain was unbelieveable at times I couldnt stand. But now with the pro's the pain is there but not nearly as much as with my last boot. Hands down the best boot I have ever spent money on.
B001FXZU92 Best boots I have ever worn I had my first pair four years and ive tried to replace them with other brands including brahmas, wolverines, hytest, redwing, and a few others i finally bought these again and they are as good as i remember. Best boots you can buy in my opinion.
B001FXZU92 BEST WORK BOOTS AND MOST COMFORTABLE!! I've been in the trades for 25 years. These are the best boots I've ever owned.  I just ordered another pair. They last me about one full year and I'm on my feet every day. Whether I'm working on a construction site or indoors in mechanical rooms, these boots perform!! I get questions and complements all year long. You wont be disappointed. The wide width sizes are a plus!! Go for it!!!
B001FXZU92 Best boot I ever owned I have gone through many boots, started out with regular timberlands which are just OK. I honestly got these just because they looked cool. boy was i shocked! most comfortable boot i ever owned, i can be wearing them all day and my feet don't get sore. i bought them before going to alaska in 2011. i have hiked many a mountain with them and they hold up fantastically.... i still wear them today. the heal padding collapsed a bit but only because i am lazy and always try to slide me feet in and out without untying them. 3 years of use. good luck tryna get that out of another kind of boot.
B001FXZU92 Best boot ever! I have arthritus in my feet and bought these, Straight out of the box and 12 hours on concrete floor and didnt rvrn have to break in. Best boot ever. Will be buying these from now on. Highly recomend if you work and stand on concrete all day.
B001FXZU92 Greatest Boots The boots are Great and very comfortable. The Best boots I've ever worn ! If you have any doubts Timberland backs there boots with a 30 day money back return offer. You Won't need it.
B001FXZU92 Best Boots I've Ever Worn Simply the most comfortable steel-toed shoe I've ever tried. Period. I am VERY heavy and these shoes allow me to walk and do my job without killing my feet. The toes aren't freezing cold, even in colder weather. They are waterproofed very well and have good traction.The only exception is on oily surfaces; they say oil resistant but THEY ARE NOT. It's even worse when there's a little water on the ground.
B001FXZUVK Great boots We have looked around for these and these were the best quality at the best price.  We are very happy with them.
B001GB379I Best Welding boot! These have been the best work boots I have ever bought. Will be the only boots I buy from now on.
B001KOQ4EG Best work shoes of many tried I suffer with plantar fascitis so shoes are important, these are the best I have ever had and at a very reasonable price.
B001KOQ4EG Timberlands are the best Timberland shoes always work the best for me (wide foot) and these are no exception. They look good and are holding up well. Gave it 4 stars because they are a little less comfortable than what I normally get from Timberland but do the job nicely.
B001L1DBQC Timberland The best Work boot  hiking boot fit Timberland work boots and hiking boots Excellent fit the best  boots with the best hard to find foot size 8.5 w
B001L1DBQC best Great work boots. Comfortable right out of the box. Will purchase again. This boot is the best value ever, my last ones lasted two years of everyday work use send your money on them
B001L1DBQC best boots best pair of boots I ever owned.I will never buy any other type of boots as long as i live.
B001LI7HJC Best online purchase! I love these boots!!! They are very comfortable and cozy! Best online purchase I have ever made! Perfect for winter weather!
B001PBK87I my son just loves these boots he said the best boots ever comfortable and rugged wont buy anything else he is hooked and told all his coworkers
B001PBK87I Timberland boots These are the best boots ever made! I used to wear out 2 pairs of expensive boots per year. These last me 2 years!
B001PBK87I Only the Best! Right out of the box these boots were perfect.  I never wanted to buy anything on line that I didn't try on.  But these boots could not have been any better in every reason I bought them.
B001S5X31E Best boots ever These boots are so comfortable that I truly recommend for the person who is on their feet all day long.
B001SARJXC Great boots! I will not write tons and tons of words. I'll keep it simple: Those are the best Timberland boots I ever had! The quality of the leather and all the material is made of is really amazing! It worth every cent!
B001SARJXC Best boots I've ever owned. These fit perfect. I wear a 9 2E in tennis shoes and a 9 wide in these were true to size. Would order again.
B001SARJXC Best boots ever! I love these boots.  I bought a black pair about 8-10 years ago and I still wear them today.  I live in the rainy Pacific Northwest and the waterproof has never let me down. And being able to easily pull them on and slip them off is wonderful! When I saw that they had them in brown I decided that I would get them as well.
B001SARJXC The best boots I have ever worn..bar none ! These are the most comfortable  and versatile boots on earth. I wear them for work and dress.They are also very water proof. I love them and I wear them with almost everything. I own six pairs so far . and they are a super value.
B001U89OGM Best winter boots ever! Had some reservations before they arrived since my wife is a tried and true Ugg fan. She loves the boots. Warm and waterproof. Has received many compliments on the style
B001VNCKJ4 Best Boots Ever I've owned countless pairs of boots throughout my life and they've always pissed me off.  This is the first pair I've ever had that fits right.  They're terribly comfortable and they look sharp.  Love 'em!
B0024MVAI8 Most comfortable boots ever... These are the most comfortable and lightweight boots that I have ever owned. I have had owned several timberland work boots but never the pro series line. This is the 1st pair of boots with a composite toe and the weight difference is noticeable. Boots are also very stylish as well.
B00295RHV4 Best Boots Ever! First pair of boot that I just had to put them on and went right to work... Extremely comfortable and exact fit. Very pleased!
B00295RJIU Best shoes ever for long days at work I have the same issues as some of the other reviewers - high arches and wide feet. I bought these a year ago and they are by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned for work. I am on my feet 6-10 hours a day and they have held up well and my low back pain disappeared. I am back to buy another pair.
B00295RJIU Best shoes ever I've tried many types and brands of shoe for my work and have found this shoe to be the BEST shoe I have ever work on a daily basis. I will buy nothing elseLove these shoes
B00295RJIU Best Nursing Shoes These are THE best nursing shoes out there.  This is my second pair in as many years.  Incredibly comfortable and supportive.  The quality is superb.
B00295RJIU The best nursing shoes available I've owned every brand of nursing shoe out there and these are definitely the best! These are my second pair of timberlands and I hope I will never have to purchase a different brand! I don't even need to wear my orthotics with these! I'm sold for life!
B00295RJIU Best Nursing Shoe I've Worn Can't say enough about these shoes.  I work twelve-hour shifts and they are, by far, are the best I have worn in my career.
B00295RJIU Best shoe ever! I've been wearing nurse's shoes for 32 years and these are the most comfortable I've EVER had. They were ready to wear right out of the box, no breaking in period, and they look great!
B0029XG3OS best workboot ever Just bought my second pair,  I wore my first pair every day for three years and I would still be wearing them to work if the soles wouldn't had wore out. These boots are the best I have ever worked in. All day work construction and ranch/field work. They are a little heavy at first but make up for it in comfort. When you get home at the end of the day your dogs aren't barking back at you.
B0029XG3OS work boots best wearing boots ive owned.comfortable all day long little tight on one side at first but all is well now
B0029XG3OS Timberland PRO Endurance 8" I gave it a 5 star rating cause this is probably the best boot I have ever bought.  They are very comfortable and super long lasting.  I bought these boots last year and today they have very little wear.  They are as comfortable as the first day I started wearing them.The bad:  It's pretty heavy.  Other than that, there are no bad's
B0029XG5YG great boots Hands down these are the best boots that ive ever bought! I am definitely happy with my purchase and am sure i will be for years to come!
B002ASAJPG Most Comfortable Boot Out There. Period! Great fit, comfortable and durable.  Honestly the best boots for working in.  I will buy another pair so I have two of them soon.
B002ASAJPG FANTASTIC ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE BOOT AND MY FEET DO TOO! BEST BOOTS FOR ASPHAULT AND CONCRETE WORK... I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYBODY
B002ASAJPG Best Boots I have ever owned Great boots. Wore them for 2 summers working in all weather. Very comfortable. Not too hot to wear in the summer and great in rain and water. Stepped in water up to my ankle multiple times and socks stayed dry.  Very durable still look pretty good for 2 summers of abuse. Would recommend these boots to anyone.
B002ASAJPG Best boots These boots are great! By far the best I have ever owned. Iv had mine for 2 years now and im just Now getting to replace them and i will be buying another pair. I usually wear out the toe in any other bots in less than 2 months... Its been 2 years and the toe on these are showing no wear. Crazy right?However they are very heavy. I dont recommend if you have to do alot of walking at the job such as a hotel (personal experience)They work great for flood restoration as they are simi waterproof, is anything REALLY waterproof tho, and the metal plate is good so u dont put a nail through your foot!
B002ASAJPG best boots I have ever  had I recieved these boots and wore them to work the first day. Several times during the day I realized I had not even remembered they were new except when I looked down and saw them.  These boots have all the features you could want plus very comfortable. I ordered them on saturday and recieved them monday. I would definately buy again.
B002ASAJPG Best work boot ever! You won't find a more comfortable work boot out there period!  I've tried them all.  These are so comfy and good for my feet that I wouldn't think of buying anything else. Great price compared to local retail stores. Fast shipping & packaged well.  Best work boot ever!
B002ASAJPG Great boot I have been wearing these boots for years and it is by far one of the best and most comfortable boots I have ever owned !!
B002ASAKN2 Great Boots!!! These are the most comfortable I've ever owned. I'm really hard on my boots so they usually don't last but these lasted about a year. I'll definitely be getting another pair.
B002ASAKN2 Best pair of boots I have ever owend! This are the best boots I have ever purchased!They are worth every penny and they are so confortable.I recomened this boots if you are on your feet all day at work and you suffer from pain on your feet.Timberland are top fo the line when it comes to comfort!
B002ASAKN2 These boots are the best of the best. Best boots I ever bought. I always buy cheap boots and they never last. This time I said screw it and went all out. Durable and comfy.
B002ASAKN2 Best boots i've owned I've tried many different brands of boots and always end up coming back to Timberland.  I think i'm done trying others out.  These fit like a glove.
B002ASAKN2 Best Timberland Boot EVER Made I have owned 2 pairs of these boots and I can not make myself throw them away even old and almost worn out they are still by far the MOST COMFORTABLE boot I have ever worn.  If they were waterproof I would give them a 10 out of 5.
B002ASAKN2 Best boots I have owned! I have to wear steel toe boots 14 hours a day at work and these are by far the most comfortable and nicest looking boots I have ever owned. They seem very durable so far and have got many complements on them. VERY happy with these boots!
B002ASAKN2 Awesome work boot!!! Best boot I have ever purchased. Fits perfectly and is very comfortable for long hours on your feet. Thanks Amazon for the good price too!
B002ASAKN2 Most comfortable boots I have owned I wore Redwings  for years, I have not had these boots long so I can not comment on how they will hold up but they are by far the most comfortable work boots I have ever had. The anti-fatigue soles are great after working all day my feet feel good.
B002ASAKN2 I love em! Probably the most comfortable boots I've ever owned! They fit perfectly right out of the box. No need to break them in at all.
B002ASAKN2 Best ever These boots are a second purchase. Son needed a new pair and he wanted the same, exact boot. He says they are the best boots he's ever worn. They are heavy, but protect his feet perfectly at work.
B002ASAKN2 The best boots I bought I definitely think that if you are planning to buy the best boots this is your best option.They are definitely the best boots I bought, are but some shoes are gloves for your feet.
B002MAS1O8 Best. I love tembirlan they r the best. And they last for ever but I wish they have some more in size for my 12 and 14 year old boys
B002NEGCC6 Best Buy Ever This shoe will last forever and long as it isn't damaged accidentally by sharp objects. For the price i have no regrets. Can assure you that you wont either
B002PMUFOC Perfect Best sandals for a long time adjust perfectly, soft and realy comfortable. Thanks a lot guys one of the best thing i have in between others.
B002PMURGI the best buy this shoes. this is the best investment ever. You will be just happy with the product. Keep making more. this shoes has to be in the market all time.
B002YOMJPY Outstanding Boots!!! This was the first pair of boots I ever bought on the internet. I had just returned from the local Red Wing store, and the boots I wanted (at over $200) were not available for weeks. So I checked out similar boots on line. These were well reviewed, and so I took the risk. And I am glad I did. These are by far the best boots I have ever owned. They are soft leather, yet waterproof, and rugged. They feel extraordinarily light. With leather uppers, they are nice enough to wear to work. But the gortex keeps my feet comfortable--no overheating typical of other hiking boots I have owned.They fit perfectly (10 2E), and there was no breaking in period. The best part? I paid just over 60 dollars for these boots, which are better quality than any other boots I have owned.I bought these boots for winter, but I expect that they will be comfortable to wear year-round.
B002YOMJPY Best fit and most comfortable shoe ever! I had this style in brown and wanted a black pair too... Fits perfectly, and absolutely the most comfortable shoe I have ever had. Also very stylish and constructed nicely! This is a high quality product from Timberland. Buy with confidence!
B002YOMJPY I may just buy another pair! The most comfortable boots I've ever owned. Great look, feel and durability but most importantly, perfect for long work days in all weather conditions.
B002YOMJPY Really really tough but very comfortable. If you need boots for work, because there show everywhere, because these things will keep just about anything out, it does take a little while to tie, but you could lase up and work in 4 feet of snow and none of it would get in the boot. Far and away the best boots I have ever owned. Want a tough,comfortable boot that can get you just about anywhere. Buy these boots, you will be very happy and it is money well spent, other boots I was looking for were $120, $140 one was $220,. that is a bit much for a boot unless it makes you fly. There were only $89.99. I wouldn't change a thing, I ware size 14 so it's hard to find my size in something that I like but these are perfect, i wouldn't change ONE thing.
B002YOMJPY best boots ever I love these boots. Comfortable, waterproof, not too high, not too low. And long lasting. I kind of wish I got brown, because I already have a black pair. Though the black pair is scuffed up a lot.
B002YOMJPY Best fit ever. The boots fit just fine. Fast delivery. I have hundreds of dollars invested in boots that hurt my feet. Who would of thought that I could find a right size boot on the internet.
B002YOMJPY best boot ever does what its made for. withstands anything. its water proof and if you were to step on a bid puddle of black snow/sludge it would come rite off. top quality
B002YOMJPY amazing every time when go to the mountain enjoy Timberland, are the best boots to walk to run to do everything
B0031ENE6O Best boots I've ever owned The title says it all. These are the best boots I've ever owned. They are warm ,light, appear to be pretty rugged, and water proof. Yes, they cost a good penny, but are well worth it.
B0034G54BM very comfortable These are the most comfortable boots that I have ever had. They are true to size (7.5) and felt great right out of the box
B0034G54BM The Best I got these boots last winter for Christmas as a surprise. I was nervous to buy them for myself because they were pricey and I live in Pittsburgh, a city full of snow and salt and seemingly on a mission to destroy your shoes. Yet here I am a year later and they still look brand new. I have traveled in these, worth them through the woods, brought them to gross college basements and they still look great. Another added bonus is that of the timberland sole, it provides great support meaning that in addition to looking fantastic they feel so too. I love these boots more than any other pair I have ever owned, and I recommend them to anyone.
B0034G54BM Best boots I have ever bought! These boots get me tons of compliments and I can dress them up or down. Solidly built, but lightweight upper. Could do well in all weather conditions.
B0034G54BM Best boots ever I bought these boots in black, this will be the third fall/winter I own them.  I wore them non-stop from the time they arrived, including all around Paris on a very cold trip in March. They are the most comfortable boots I have ever bought and I just got another pair in brown. I got the dark brown. They go with everything.  The first day I wore them they were immediately comfortable and cozy but not too hot on my feet and legs. They run true to size. I am very glad Timberland kept making the style because I would have been sad if I couldn't get another pair. I get lots of compliments on them and I would recommend them to anyone who needs comfortable boots with a bit of style.
B0034G558E Best Boot Ever Earthkeepers are thee best boot Timberland makes. These are my second pair and they are comfy and true to size!!!!!!
B0034G558E hands down, the most comfortable boot I have ever worn. Timberland boots are the best made and most comfortable boots I have ever had. This is my first pair, and I plan on buying several more. I am overwhelmed with the quality of the leather and the soles.
B0034G5IJA MY MUKLUK THIS IS THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS I EVER OWNED. IT FITS PERFECTLY, IT'S COMFORTABLE, COLOR IS JUST AS DESCRIBED. I OFTEN JUST PUT THEM ON AND WALK AROUND THE HOUSE. I RECOMMEND PURCHASING YOU WONT REGRET IT.
B0034G5J9E Best Boots Ever! I purchased these boots for my daughter as a Christmas present (she emailed me the Timberland link to purchase them for $200).  I Googled them on Amazon and found the same exact boot for $135 so I purchased them right away.  The are indeed the same boot; my daughter loves them and I loved the price!
B0035LD0WQ best shoes to walk and work ever!!! This is my third pair!! Can't get tired of them!! Just love the product, nice fit and feeling! Really confortable to walk with!
B0038JCZ9Y Best boots I live in Ct and they are the best for snow. I get many compliments on their style daily. Great quality. I have purchased this model in brown and black!
B0038JD2LE INCREDIBLE BOOTS! Very simply put...............the BEST boots I have ever worn, the MOST COMFORTABLE boots I've ever worn, the MOST SECURE FEELING boots I've ever worn and the MOST DURABLE boots I've ever worn.  They are absolutely worth every penny.  These boots will last a very long time, are well-made and extremely comfortable from the first time you put them on.  For my money, these are the only boots to buy.UPDATE DECEMBER 2012:  I have now owned these boots one year and have worn them hiking in all types of terrain.  As I said in my original review, they continue to be the best boots I have ever owned - and I have owned many hiking boots.  These boots have held up very well and the tread in the sole hasn't worn down at all.One other thought that I never mentioned - they are the absolute lightest (in weight) hiking boots I've ever worn. I continue to love them as much if not more.You're looking for good durable hiking boots that wear well and feel great?  These are it.............hands down!
B0038JD2LE Wonderful Best hiking boots I've ever bought. They're comfortable, sturdy and they look hot too. I would defiantly recommend them to any looking for an awesome pair of hiking boots.
B003A4V78C Comfort and Safety I am a manager of a high-volume restaurant and spend 50-60 hours/wk on my feet, often on wet or oily tile.  These shoes are extremely non-skid, comfortable, durable, and stylish.  Best work shoes I have ever owned.
B003A64AY8 Best boots I have ever worn I have been wearing work shoes for 40 years. these are by far the best work I have ever worn. first day I wore them I could not believe how comfortable they were. I highly recomend these boots. You will not be disapointed.
B003A6J1NS most comfortable and durable boots I've ever worn I bought these boots after my company started using the lace up kind at work. They are super comfortable, extremely durable and break in free boots I've ever worn.
B003AZZIUE best shoe ever bought these for my Dad for Christmas. He already has 2 pair and wears them all the time. very comfortable and durable.I would recommend these and the Amazon price was great, about half of what I have paid before. Thanks Amazon.
B003ELOYEA BEST BOOTS EVER Love these boots!!! I have worn them on ice in Colorado, and just a cold day in Texas. My feet feel warm and never overheat. They fit just as expected. I was hesitant at first because of the price, but they are well worth it!
B003ELOYEA I bought the best boots I've ever owned on Amazon These are the best boots I have ever owned! They are extremely comfortable, toasty warm, water proof & nice looking as well. The Timberland Women's 21632 Earthkeepers Grandby Tall Fleece Lined Boot. The entire boot is lined with fleece and they zip on the side so you can get them on easier.
B003ELOYEA Best boots I've ever had! I have a serious problem with numbness in my toes when my feet are even a slight bit cold.  Just about every boot/shoe I've ever worn, no matter what rating, has left me with numb toes.  NOT THESE!!!  These are the warmest, most comfortable boots I've ever had - we spend a huge amount of time outdoors in the winter, hiking & playing (live on Eastern Long Island).  These stay warm and dry no matter what.  The cream on top is that I get compliments on how stylish they are every where I go!  I would love them even if they weren't a fashion statement, but it really makes it awesome to get compliments on top of it all!  I highly, highly, highly recommend these.  They are true to fit for me (I'm a size 9, they're perfect even with wool socks).
B003ELOYEA Best boots ever!!! These are the best boots I have ever had! They are so comfortable, I can wear them all day long without them hurting my feet.  I have been out in the rain and snow in them and my feet have stayed toasty warm and dry. I love that they have the zipper and laces so if I want to wear them with legging or jeans tucked in i can loosen/tighten them for the perfect fit. These boots are functional and so cute! I have gotten more compliments on these boots than on any other shoes I own! I love them!
B003ELOZSU Best snow boots ever I was just telling my husband that these boots were the best purchase ever! I've had them for over a year and except for being a little dirty (stupid NJ weather), they are very warm, get lots of traction and I always get compliments. If you purchase these you won't disappointed!!
B003ELOZSU Been wearing them all winter! These are great they will last at least a few years. Best buy for winter and they don't ever leak!
B003ELOZSU Boots OMG these are the best snow boot i have had ever. They fit well and they look good if you want to wear them with skinny jeans
B003ELOZSU Best boots ever Always had trouble with cold weather boots, I'd find they were too heavy or clunky and annoying to move around in.  But then these boots came along and I very grudgingly ordered these, because the snow in NYC was getting ridiculous (for NYC..).  Not only are these waterproof but they're real soft inside and MUCH lighter than you'd think, with them so rugged.  It's much lighter than my other cold-weather boots and they're much tougher and warmer.  These things are WARM.  No heavy socks needed here, folks.  In fact, I'd order a good full size up because the lining is VERY SNUG, which in my opinion is a plus, since I can be sure my toes will always be toasty in them.  This was the best $150 I ever spent.
B003HKRGUM Best Boots Ever! I bought these boots very cheap, (like $47 w/ free shipping!), through Amazon from another company. I wasn't sure what to expect, the pictures make them look higher than they really are, but what I got was the best pair of work boots I've ever owned! Only con, they don't come waterproof, but that is easily remedied. Buy 'em! You'll love 'em!
B003NUQWY2 wow piggy heaven Best work boot ever, I may by another pair or 6 years from now.  hard to find but worth the search.
B003NUQYC2 Timberland boots At first they are very uncomfortable but don't let that fool you wear them for a week or 2 and they feel amazing best boots I ever had!!!!
B003NUQYC2 Best Steel Toe Boots For The Money I've been wearing these boots almost daily for over a year now and they are absolutely the best deal all around.  I'm just relieved they are still available for purchase.
B003NUQYC2 best boots i have ever owned these boots perform admirably in the aircraft hanger i work in, they stay stuck to the floor even in sky-draul, engine oil, jet fuel..... they work equally well in mud and snow. ice is a bit touch and go. some waterproofing goo and your feet will be dry and comfortable all day, or in my case night long. only gripe is that they squeak on tile, concrete and hardwood, and its loud. but i can live with that.
B003NUR6CE best boot I've owned Very pleased with my boots. Highly recommend them they feel wonderful. If you do a lot of walking and you want the protection these are the boots to have.
B003NUR6CE Most Uncomfortable I ever owned!!!!!!! I have worn Timberland Pro's for years but these are terrible and are heavy.  Tried for weeks to break in but are not getting any more comfortable. Will never buy these again.
B003NUR6M4 Awesome Boots These so far are the best boots for the money i have ever worn. They're comfortable,rugged and priced well!
B003TFEA5O Never Bought Boots on line before...... WOW!  BEST BOOTS EVER!!My wonderful husband bought these for me and they are the best fitting/feeling boots I have ever had on my feet... EVER!I highly recommend these boots!!SJP
B003VMUFCC Best boots I have ever worn! I have been a big fan of Timberland boots for years, and when I found these gortex boots for half-price, I had to get them.  Very lightweight, very comfortable.  I am on my feet all day, and these boots feel great.
B003XHH0W8 timberland boots These boots look great, wear comfortable, and are just overall a great buy.  My husband says they are the best boots he has ever had.
B003XHH0W8 The boots werre made for walking These are the best shoes I have ever bought, they look good, are comfortable and will last very long.Highly recommended.
B003YC48QS Fantastic comfort Timberland are far and away the best shoes I have ever owned in the casual wear department.  Extremely comfortable and highly durable I would not lightly swap brands.  These are great sandles, comfortable straight out of the box.
B0044KN0PO Best Boots Ever I love my boots. The color is perfect, was very suprised you carried my size. Got them very quick too!
B0049N3S58 Best boot ever. I work outside all day, in all type of weather. Very comfortable, very warm, and very dry. They are worth every penny.
B004FHCKDE Comfortable and very stylish The most comfortable shoes my husband has ever owned!  Worth every penny.  Looking forward to getting a pair of ladies boots for myself.
B004FHCKDE The Best Shoe I have ever owned I am wearing these shoes for the past 20 years and this is my forth pair 2 of which I sent to my brother in India, the best part is that besides other uses it is very comfortable for driving since it's so flexible to your feet and the Gore-Tex keeps the temp well balanced, I have worn these in extremely warm countries as well and it performed well under worst conditions.Timberland even replaced one pair under their life time warranty condition
B004J2HSIC Best of Both Worlds! I am a hiking/work boot enthusiast, and these are by far my all-time favorite! When I was shopping for boots, and narrowed my choices to about 5 pairs, I started reading the reviews to look for something to give an edge on one of the boots. One of the reviews for this pair of Timberlands mentioned that they were light, and that was what made me decide to get these. I am so glad I did.When I say "best of both worlds", I'm talking about the fact that they are a rugged pair of waterproof winter boots, but they are very light...not what you would expect from a "high-cut" winter boot. The tread is amazing, very deep, and also pretty flexible. One thing I never read anywhere about this boot is that the laces are really thick, something I've never seen in a pair I was looking at buying. The eyelet/epaulet things seem to be attached very well, and I'd be surprised if any came off. I haven't stuck these boots in a substantial amount of water, but a couple of drops did bead up like a waxed car. And last but not least, they really are very very comfortable, and not just for being a rugged "winter" boot.Finally, they look great with every pair of pants (khakis, jeans, and camos) I've worn! I suspect they don't look so great with black dress pants, but who would wear boots with those anyway, right? For around $65, this is the best shoe purchase I've ever made!
B004J2PCHG AWESOME! Great boots,  True to size. Very warm & Comfortable. Some of the best boots I've ever owned.  Great Quality,  I  love Timberland!
B004J2PCHG The best boots yet for the snow The Best Boots I have ever worn.  They are totally water proof.  EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT.  I am going to buy 2 more pair just to have in the future!!!!
B004J91V2O Best ever These are the best pair of boots ive bought so far i will buy another pair soon just to work in.
B004K22QM4 Awesom product, it feels like wearing sneakers This is really the best pair ob boots that I ever had,I really recommend to the people for buy a one pair of them!!
B004K66PAE Super comfortable My wife was looking for a new pair of winter boots and tried these out.  She has remarked several times that they are some of the most comfortable ones she's ever worn!
B004KQ0VXG I absolutely LOVE these boots! These are the best boots I've ever bought. They are top quality and super comfortable. They've been my go to boot since the first day of fall right up the too warm days of spring. Great boot for a great price!
B004KQ4IWG Amazing!!! I absolutely love these boots!! I bought them in 9.5 in dark brown and they fit great!  I would recommend these to anyone. I just received them today and I m waiting the right time to wear them!!!  These are one of the best boots I've ever bought  on line.  The quality is unsurpassed and I just can't believe I bought something online that I liked so well and was more than I expected. I can wear them with anything and they are very comfortable.
B004KQ4IWG Timberland women's Stratham Heights Ankle Boot I love these boots!  they're so comfortable, with or without socks, it's one of the best pair of boots I've owned,..thank you Timberland for another fantastic boot!
B004L32PFU best boots I've ever owned They look great, very sturdy but wear in easily.  The only problem is sometimes you have to adjust the tongue so it doesn't pinch your skin but it's no big deal.
B004L32PFU Phenomenal Pair of Boots One of the best pairs of boots I have ever purchased.  Comfortable, stylish and solid feel.  Unquestionable quality at a phenomenal price.
B004L36UN8 Hands down... Best, most comfortable boots EVER!  I'm going to stock up.  Timberland has outdone themselves with these.  Just tried them on, and they are instantly the best shoe I own.  Give these a try and see for yourself.
B004LLSV5U Niiiice The best pair of winter boots I have owned in a very long time. I would definitely recommend this boot to anyone.
B004LLSV5U Best Cold Weather Shoes Ever! Went beyond what I expected winter boots should be. These are the warmest pair of boots ever! The height of the boots lend extra warmth to my legs too. I suffer from painful foot neuroma and metatarsalgia because my job requires me to stand all the time but, lo and behold(!), wearing these very comfy boots allowed me pain-free days. Makes me want for winter to never go away. I love these boots!
B004P23F9M The Best Boot Ever!! they're pretty comfy and warm,i don't have any problem with them by walking for a long time and they fit great!
B004PNE720 Kick's A$$ A real boot.The best work boot I have ever had. You will not be disappointed.It will meet or exceed your expectations.
B004PNE720 Best boots Best boots I have ever owned.  Feel as good as my shoes.  This is the fourth pair I have owned.  Joe
B004PNE720 Timberland! They are Timberland - what more do you need to say.  Comfortable and long lasting and this is the best price found.
B004PPLZEG great boots. These boots are by far the most comfortable timberlands I have ever owned.  True to size and very light in wright.  Again very comfortable.
B004Q01HZM Go to Boots After they are worn in, they are the best boots I have owned.  Not snow or rain boots so use some water proofer.  Look great for work or out socially.
B004RQ1JH6 Great fit These shoes are the best my husband has ever worn. They are not only comfortable, but serve him well in a clean room situation.
B004RQ1N8Q Great Best pair of boots ever. Wount wear anything else. Very comfortable and they protect my feet from extreme weather! A+++++
B004RQ38B6 Great shoes One of the best pair of shoes I have ever owned. Very comfortable and look good for a work shoe.
B004WJ6Z1I The Best Boot I Ever Had Excellent bootit feels so very comfortablelight weight boot , like a glovethe best i ever hadI wish Timberland would make more of them
B004ZCE19U Best Boots I've Ever Purchased I've never been a big Timberland boot person, but these boots are amazing.  Super stylish, comfortable and perfect fit. Speaking of fit, like others have said, be sure to order right size.  I wear 11 in Nikes but a 9.5 in these Timbs. I've purchased the wheat and black colors and thinking about the blue.  Can't beat the fact that Amazon is offering 25% off!
B004ZCE19U the best boots ever the sharpest pair of timberlands i ever owned the perfect boots the back is amazing i just hope my medal sign on the side never fall off i put them to the test soon as i opened the box with a hard rub on some cement steps an no scuff i love it
B0052A6Z70 Awesome Boot Had to buy this boots from the USA as it is not available here in the UK and it cost me a lot more but boy do I love the boot. It is everything it says about it. It is so comfortable that I would be buying another pair soon. That is if I can have a wide pair. Have not had a problem with it for 3 months now and i doubt I would. I would recommend it anytime. Best boots ever worn. Soooooooooo comfortable.
B0054HM3YA Best boot ever!!!! 2nd pair of boots, very comfortable. Durable, not to heavy, great for everything. Looks very cool and professional. Buy it
B0054HM3YA Best work shoes ever. I've worked in the metal trades for 40 years and these are the best work boots I've ever worn. They are very lite and comfortable. I can wear them all day and my feet don't hurt. Best ever.
B00552LUDO These are the BEST kitchen shoes I've come across. These are the BEST kitchen shoes I've come across.  I have been working in professional kitchens for ten plus years and these are by far the best on my feet.  I am on my second pair.  They last about a year( at least five days and 60+ hours a week) which is about average with other brands.  Non slip is great.  With or without mats these are great.  Much better than birkenstock (which i want to love), crocs, dansko, or anything else for kitchens.  I definitely recommend these for any hospitality worker!!!!!
B0056QVSQ8 Best Nursing Shoe in Years I work long 12 hour shifts in a busy ICU. I have a high arch on my foot, and tried other shoes but they were so uncomfortable. These are the best shoes I have had in a while, so good that I bought a second pair for wear with jeans at home. They are easy to keep clean, just wipe off. Can find for $80-120, best prices online, but you can try them on in uniform stores, sizes are pretty true. I picked up my first pair after working a long shift with tired feet that were aching. I walked around the store in them and by the time I left, my feet felt refreshed. Seems all the best shoes get discontinued, so I am buying more of these so that I have them in the future.
B0056QVSQ8 Best shoes I have ever owned My wife now owns three pairs of these shoes.  What else needs to be said.  I am already picking out the next pair.
B0056QW98E Very comfortable I have had two other pairs of timberland shoes before and I have to say that this is the best pair yet.
B0056QW98E Great for long hours! Slightly tight over the top of foot, but broke in after a couple days. Zero pain from fatigue, one of the best pair of shoes I've ever had for work!
B0058RFRGW Best of the best! Just wish I had more stars to give and more money to buy more pairs. I already own three, hope to buy more. They don't need breaking and are absolutely fantastic.
B00590KXH6 Best sandal I ever owned No break in period.  Good looking and comfortable to wear for long periods of time.  Holding up well after 2 years of constant use.  Best shoe I ever owned.  I wish I could find these in black in my size - I have brown and I want another pair!
B005973ZWY sexy boots! I love this books, they are very sexyy and have very good quality. They have great details and they are the best boot that I've ever had.
B005A5YQ2S Best boots I have owned. These are by far the most comfortable boots I have owned, I wear them everyday for 12+ hours and they are still comfortable after that. I would compare the comfort to a nice pair of Nike running shoes. I have bought three pairs of these in different colors because I like them so much. I may buy a fourth pair soon.
B005APTZ4W Allmost like my old Boots.. :) It was 2004 - London - winter time..I bought myself My best boots ever!Timberland Boots - served me well over 5 yearsCouldn't find that model ever again but whatI did find is very similar to my favourite old bootsAnd it's Timberland Earthkeepers Pull-On Chelsea Boots :)Finally proper boots..Thankes!!
B005BWB2QI Timberline is the best ! Timberline is the best made longest lasting shoes, my husband will not wear anything else. Love them. Ten years ago I would pay over 120.00 for his size 14 and wait weeks. It is a very nice and easier experience now/. Thank You he loved them.
B005BWB2QI Best This Shoe is the best i ever bought in my life. I would recommend it to anyone. Dont worry about the negative ratings pick the right size and you will enjoy this
B005I6RZXG Fantastic buy! Best pair of work shoes I have EVER owned! Comfortable from the beginning of the day till the end. If you work on your feet get these shoes in every color!
B005I6RZXG So incredibly comfortable... Most comfortable shoe ever- no breaking in time required. Non- slip is okay, not great, but this is the only shoe I will ever wear for work ever again. A++++
B005I6RZXG comfort the best nursing shoe ,provides stability,comfort style,,longevity.can be a little hot at times.would buy this again if they ever wear out
B005I6RZXG love! These are the best shoes I've ever bought. Most certainly worth the money. I had foot surgery a few years ago and had a hard time finding work shoes that didn't hurt my feet. I bought these and was amazed! I wore my first pair for almost two years for forty hours a week. Best shoe ever!
B005I6YJW6 excelent quality they have one of the best prices on line the quality of the produc  is one of the best at a very affordable  price im very happy with mi shoes  thanks
B005I6Z1T6 Timberland PRO Men's Rigmaster Rigger 8-Inch Lace-Up I work as a mechanic at a mine and I must say through hot and cold, mud and grease and oil these boots are by far the best I have ever owned. They also help keep fatigue at bay. I like how they keep my feet cool in the summer and warm in the winter. I work in some very unforgiving conditions and these boots can take what the equipment and mother nature can dish out. A hundred times over I would recommend these boots.
B006T2EJC8 The most comfortable ST work boot I have ever owned. I have been wareing Timberland PRO lace ups before this pair of boots. I thought they were the most comfortable ST workbooks I had ever worn, until I purchased these. This boot is the most comfortable boot I have ever had on. They seem very well made, but time will tell how they hold up. They scuff fairly easy, but a quick wipe and they look as good as new.
B006T2EJC8 Fantastic boots Best feeling boot ive ever worked in.Ive only gone ankle deep or so in water so far but my feet stayed dry.theyre super comfortable
B006T2EJC8 Best ST work boots I have ever owned. The Anti-Fatigue is the real deal. This is the second pair of these I have owned. Dont look at any other boots.
B006T2Z940 BUY,BUY,BUY! All I can say is BUY THEM!!!These are the absolute best,most comfortable work boots u will ever own.Worth every cent.I had reconstructive surgery in my knee and worked in pain for 2 years until I wore these.I also purchased a Dr.Shocks knee brace which helped as well....Austin Texas
B006T307QE Best boots I've ever bought Only had these for a week now and I must say they are perfect. Took only a day to break in after that I fell in Love with how comfortable these boots are
B006T307QE Best boots ever! I am on my feet all day as service tech for satellite company. I have tried magnum boots, Justin boots, Rocky's, Merrell's, all high end boots and none compare to these. I will be looking to buy again for sure.
B006T307QE Best boots ever I have been wearing Safety boots and shoes for 20 years. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever purchased and will be purchasing another after these wear out.
B006T307QE all I expected Best boots ever i had. I'll buy Timberland mark forever. The more impressionant point is their lightweight. I hope a long long working day to test my boots.
B006T307QE Best Christmas Present These boots were bought for my son.  This is his first pair of Timberlands and he has been wearing them ever since.  Very short break-in period, proven waterproof protection in winter storm and no frozen toes with an extra pair of thick socks, plus a size 11.5 which is not easy to find.  The icing on the cake was his buddies admiring the look and style!
B006T307QE Timberland Work Boots Great Boot, Comfortable, Durable, Excellent fit as can be expected by a Timberland Boot. I have been buying Timberland Boots for years and they are the best Boots on the Market.  A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
B006T307QE exactly what I wanted! These have the best fit so far out of any other boot! Hopefully these last longer than the other boots did!
B006T307QE The Best Boot for the Money ..... Period ! If you are looking for a pair of boots that fit like a broke-in pair of boots the 1st time you put them on, then you found the right ones. The comfort with so much protection makes this boot one in not the best boot on the market. The fit - n -  finish is second to None.
B006T30U8E Timberland Boots are the best. Hands down! Timberland boots have always had the best fit and finish.  They're surprisingly light in weight but very hard wearing.  I am sure I'll have these boots for years.
B006T32HGC Five Stars Best boots I ever bought,Most comfortable,I Think this is the best price around and I definely will order again.
B006T32HGC Awesome Love them the best boots ever  and believe me I go through boots and shoes I would recommend this to everyone I know & need great working shoes
B006T32HSK Awesome boots These are by far the best boots I have ever owned. They are very comfortable and durable. I would order a half size smaller...mine seemed a little bit big, but outside of that...no complaints.
B006T32HSK Best Workboots I've Ever Had! 600g Boondocks. These are the best boots I've ever worn! Extremely comfortable when walking around on the job for 12hr/day, and I barely feel the cold in temperatures below -30 Celsius.  I will definitely try to purchase another pair before they go out of production.
B006T32HSK BEST WINTER BOOTS YOU WILL EVER BUY. Warm and very,very comfortable nailed it agian timberland. I have worn timberlands for the last 6 years these are my first warm pair. Best winter boots iv ever had and i have a few high dollar pair of cabelas boots one pair has 1400 grams of thinsalate and my feet get cold in them. not these you wont be disapointed at all thanks for reading.
B006T32HSK Pipefitter Approved! These are the best boots I have ever owned! I bought this pair for my son who is also in construction. They are not too warm when working and toasty when not. They are waterproof and are composite toe. I wear a wide but the regular size fits perfect. Super fast shipping. Product as described. Thank you Amazon and Timberland!
B006T32HSK best boot ever made send you money on these boots on my feet  12 hr a day like walking on air best support ever
B006T32HSK The best Best winter work boot I have ever had! Very warm and comfortable. They seem like they will be very durable as well.
B006T32HSK great boot I am 6 foot 10 and this boot is the best I have ever owned.so if you are a large man like me you wont go wrong in buying them
B006T32HSK Best winter boots I would have given these boots 5 stars but I didn't because in my point of view they need a loop on the back so you can pull them on. Aside from that minor glitch these boots are the warmest and most comfortable I ever worn. Right out of the box I put them on and they felt like a pair of running shoes. Working in 5 degree weather with snow on the ground I couldn't wait to take these out. After a 14 hour day I was amazed on how warm and comfortable my feet were. Awesome boots!
B006T32TKG Great boot boot has a great fit with an excellent soul; the anit-fatigue system is the best I have ever worn.  The price of the boot topped the whole thing off to make this one of the best deals ever.
B006T32TKG Best boot for me I have a arthritis in my ankle and these are the softest most comfortable boot I have ever had . This is my second pair and happy with both !!
B006T32WNK Comfortable right out of the box! These boots were extremely comfortable right out of the box.  So far, the most comfortable boots I've ever owned!  Great!
B006ZGV9IU BEST HEELS EVER They fit perfectly. They're comfortable and sturdy, yet very pretty. I wore them all day today and felt no pain. So happy I got them.
B006ZGV9LM THE most comfortable shoes I've ever owned in my life These are absolutely amazing! The most comfortable boots, I can run miles in those if I wanted to, very very good quality and overall excellence. 10 stars!
B006ZIGS34 Best Boot If you are hard to please and less satisfied with your other boots you have in your closet, this is by far my favorite boot! I have worn these with skirts and jeans and they are well made and ever so comfortable. If I had to stop buying boots today, I would be content! I have two pairs of these. The Olive (Which runs a little on the lighter side of olive) and the dark brown pair. Timberland got it right on this style and design.
B006ZJ2ZUI One of the best boots ever!! Loved the fit, style and price!!!Always get compliments on my timbs!!Wouldn't get any other rain boots. Perfect for slush weather!!
B006ZJ2ZUI Great Shoes!! I never write reviews but had to rave about these boots. Asked for these for Christmas based on all the reviews they got on comfort and style and they were right! Straight out of the box I wore these all around town and my feet were dry and comfortable the whole night. Bought the purple and found they go with everything and easy to slip on and head out the door. Best rain shoes ive ever had.
B006ZTTV1O Best boot ever this boot fits like a glove.  I do not like high boots but this one is so flexible and comfortable.  Great buy, recommend this item highly.
B006ZTTV1O Best shoe I have ever owned I own two pairs. One dark brown one black. I really wish they still had 92E in black and light brown so I can buy more. I get compliments ALL the time wearing these. They can be worn for any occasion and are so comfy.
B006ZTTV1O Best Boot Ever! This Boot is so Good that I bought 2 pairs. One in Black one in Brown.You can wear them all day and your feet feel Great!
B006ZVOLHQ Best Boots Ever !!! I am living in Germany and have been trying to get used to the cold.  This is my first pair of snow boots.  I lived in Florida for seven years.  Not only are they fashionable but very warm and comfortable.  One of my best purchases yet and they look great with skinny jeans.
B006ZVRVMI Material not the best Material not the best. It doesn't keep regular shape and color for more than a month after bought. I've had better TBLand
B0072NQIZ4 The best clogs EVER I have a pair of dansko that I've owned for a year that kills my feet, but the Timberland are by far the ABSOLUTE BEST pair of clogs that I've worn... Will DEFINITELY  be buying another pair. ...
B0072NQIZ4 best work shoes ever love this shoes sooo much. im on my feet for 12 hours at work and come home for the first time with NO aching legs. the best shoes ive ever have. better than dansko.
B00777P1N0 The best boots I ever bought The boots were true to size and I am completely satisfied with this product.I am enjoying them and would purchase again.
B007784WSO Best boots every Best boots I have every had. Just right for this long Chicago winter. Very comfortable & the fit was better then I was hoping for.
B007784WSO Excellent! These boots are extremely comfortable, one of the best pairs of boots I've ever owned and for a reasonable price! I use them for work in a warehouse in Portland (it's very rainy here) so the waterproof is very useful! There's great ankle and foot support as well. I've owned a few Timberland boots and this is by far my favorite. Great for hiking too!
B007EFDTSY Boots These boots are the best I have had so far. They do all that my work, as a plumber, require and are comfortable also.
B007EFDTSY Excellent Boots. The best boots I have ever bought. I may buy another pair just in case because they are that good.
B007G4VV74 Timberland 4 life By far one of the best wallets I have ever owned . You can't go wrong with buying any timberland product!!!!!!
B007M629M2 excelent shoe the best shoes ever had , feels like walking in the moon , goes every where with me, no matter what
B007TGA2JM Comfy Most comfortable boots I've ever worm -didn't even need a break in period. Would highly recommend- the best boots ever
B007WZT03Y Best shoe I've ever worn This is one of the best shoes I've ever worn. At first glance it doesn't look like it'd be comfortable, but it is actually quite comfortable, and sturdy, and well made. It feels like it will last a long time. The suede leather is quality and thick and attached with heavy stitching to the sole. The lace loops are riveted on. The laces are thick. There is an extra flap of suede that overlaps the tongue that hides it. The only downside is during the summer these can get a bit toasty due to them being thick black leather. These have zero ventilation. Great for cooler weather, although I have worn them in 100 degree days in full sun for short periods of time and they were fine.Overall I'd say these are very stylized and well made shoes that you wont find many other people wearing.Hope that helps.
B0080CACCG Timberland Quality I must say these are the best socks I have ever worn.  They are actually made to fit human feet.
B00828VKFQ Best shoes ever! Love my Timberland shoes! Best shoes ever made. I just had plantar fasciitis surgery and these shoes are wonderful on my feet!
B008M27754 Very good purchase. Shoes fit as exspected, they are very comfortable. They are the best sandals as for as comfort as I have ever owned.
B008M2MGSC The best boots ever Great boots in every way, style, comfort, materials. EtcTimberland is the best boots that i expectThe inside of the boot is like a tennis
B008M2MGSC Comfortable! I have worn Timberland boots for a long time. These are, by far, the most comfortable I have ever owned. :)
B008MHR6D2 Buy Name Brand Goods Timberland is a household name. I expected the best and got the best. If you want the best - buy Timberland. I got these on sale!
B008T65HI2 Decent boot for the price Not the most comfortable pair of boots I've ever purchased, but about what I expected for the price.  No regrets.
B008VPU0GK AWESOME BOOTS!! I tried these boots on in a retail store and loved them, but the price was outrageous ($159). Found them online, but were still up there in price($119). Waited for the retail store sale and by then they were gone. Went online and they were sold out. Waited 6 months and finally had more stock online at the bargain price of $79. Should've bought two pair. I water-proofed them and these are some of the best boots I've ever worn.
B008VT2GNG best shoe ever love timberland shoes and these are by far the best ones I have for dressing up. cute and comfy! thats why I always go for timberland, never disappointed.
B008ZBPGFU Best shoe The absolutely most comfortable shoes ever. Female wearer just orderedens size 8 for women9/10. Fits like gloves if and warm.
B008ZBPGFU Love at first sight This is my best Slip-On shoe I ever seen or had. it made from very high quality and YOU will really feel the passion from it. :)
B0090X4EJQ Comfort One of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I've ever owned. Perfect for work, weekends, whatever. My third pair. Expect to get them in black before they stop making this style!
B0090X4EJQ OUTSTANDING SHOES One of the best pair of shoe's I've ever owned.  Very comfortable to wear all day.  I highly recommend this product.
B0098X5DAM LOVE THEM I am ordering again, this will be my third pair! I tried another brand and I am coming back to Timberland.  I work 12 hour shifts on a busy hospital unit and these are by far the best shoes for work I have ever owned!
B0098X6KEU Timerland Shoes Timberland Pro Shoes I Love them so much I own about 7 pairs. I work on my feet all day and have had trouble with my feet  got 1 pair and went right back and got another I have been wearing them ever since. BEST SHOE EVER,
B009PNJW5C Yes! 2nd pair. Best boots out there. Timberland has finally done it. quality is all & price is better! Love tims
B009R9EJ3E worth the money. I have to say these are by far the best insoles I have probably ever used. I wear heavy duty logger boots and go through other insoles pretty quickly. These are really very comfortable and have stopped the blister issues I've had with other insoles.  Will buy again.
B009R9EJ3E great fit & fast shipping Best replacement money can buy. The replacement fits as expected. Shipping was fast and very reliable.Timberland Pro is one of the best work boots to buy.
B00AW7M97S Best Boots ever... I really like these boots. they are comfortable, easy to wear and low maintenance. I Would definitely recommend this boots...
B00AW7M97S Best Boots Ever This boots were even better than I expected...fit great...comfortable right off the bat and at a great price.  These are well made boots and will last for years.
B00AW7M97S Best Boots Ever I have many many boots ,some very expensive to moderately priced and these by far are the best I have ever had.The craftsmanship is outstanding and the style is amazing!!! I will be wearing with dresses and jeans and anything in between.Do not hesitate to buy.Amazon has the best price I only paid $88 with the 20% off coupon.
B00AW7M97S These are the best boots ever! These are more beautiful than expected.  Suede accents.  Fits my large Calves and is great with adjustable laces and separate  zipper
B00AW8HF9Y Best Boots Ever This boots not only fit well but look great with both slacks and skirts.  I strongly recommended it for the woman who needs a versatile boot to add to her wardrobe.
B00AW8HF9Y best boot ever! They are comfy right out of the box - great fit, great look!  Timberland has never let me down! My second pair of Timberland boots and I will always pick this brand!
B00AW8HF9Y Best Boots ever! I have several pairs of boots, however these are my favorite by far! The boots are so comfortable and look good with about anything. These boots are  not only stylish but also water proof and "Winter" Proof . I would definitely recommend these.
B00AW8HF9Y best boots These are currently the best boots ive ever bought! Very comfortable. They are rugged or dressy! Perfect for my lifestyle. Thank !
B00AW8JG9G Wonderful boots The best boot it's ever!! The fit is true and they are so comfortable...no breaking in necessary at all. Love these boots.
B00AW8JG9G Best riding boots ever I've been looking for great riding boots for over 2 years now.  While I've bought and been happy with many, these boots are by far above all the others!  They are awesome .... from comfort to quality.  The leather is beautiful; I got the cognac brown color.  I work retail and have worn these on multiple long shifts without any aches or pain.
B00AW8JG9G best boots iv ever owned! these are the best, most comfortable, boots iv ever owned! through out buying several pairs of boots at around the same price iv never owned any that are weather proof like this and with such great soles! highly recommended. very fashionable boots!!
B00AW8JG9G Excellent buy! Fits as expected, very nice boots, the best boots I ever bought. I will recommend this boots to everybody. Great.
B00AW8JG9G Best boots These boots are so comfortable.  First time I've ever purchased Timberland.  They feel good and look good.  I will be buying Timberland' s again.
B00AW8JG9G Best pair of boots ever! The boots are exceptionally comfortable and stylish.I have them in black and brown color. Hands down, best fitting pair of boots. You will not be disappointed.
B00B02THKQ These are the best boots........ These are the best boots that I have ever gotten. They are so comfortable & they are already weatherproofed so that saves me a lot of time since I live in SW Louisiana where it rains often. I love these boots so much, I wish I had them in ever color. Plus, I could actually run in these boots as if they were running shoes. I forget that I'm even wearing them. I own a lot of boots but these by far are my favorite. I find myself always wanting to wear them. The bottoms of these boots are rubber soles & they help me a lot with my &#34;gracefulness&#34;. I tend to slip a lot in other boots due to their smooth soles, and that's a little embarassing. Anyways, I would recogmend these boots to anyone. They are well worth the price.
B00B02THKQ Timberland Quality and Fit Rock It These are the BEST Boots I have ever put on my feet. They are comfortable, true to size, 2&#34; heel is superb and I have received so many compliments. WELL DONE
B00B7FGQDM Really Nice Boots These boots are the best boots I have ever had by far Thank you! I will be buying more stuff!
B00B7FHH3U the best boots on the market the most comfortable boots you will ever own just buy a pair for yourself  you will not be dissapointed them
B00B7FJV8O Awesome boots Fit is true to size. Very comfortable and keeping my feet dry during this Fall / Winter season. Very rugged real leather and composite toe. I work in construction. Best boot I've ever owned. My feet are not hurting after an 8 hour day of walking on uneven, rough terrain. Caught these at the right time on Amazon. I paid under $150 with free shipping. Have only ever seen them in Work-N-Gear for $190.
B00B7FJV8O Great boots These are the best boots I've ever owned. They are light and rugged and after broken in are very comfortable to wear. I've had them a month now and my feet haven't been wet since.
B00B7H5M4O Best boots ever! My job requires me to have safety toe boots and these are the best I have purchased yet. I added an extra shoe sole for more comfort but it really was good with out it. ASTM F2413 - 11 M I/75 C/75 EH
B00B9PADWA Great boots. These are the best boots I have ever owned and I have owned a lot of boots. I think I will buy another pair.
B00B9PADZM Best boots These are amazing. They're super comfortable, look amazing, and they seem to be fairly resistant to scratching. I highly recommend them!
B00B9PJBDC Timberland Landing Even though my size is a narrow, with thicker winter socks these boots fit like a glove and were a hundred dollars less the comparable boots I looked at. The color matches the photo perfectly and as other reviewers have said, they are not heavy. Best clothing buy I have ever made online.
B00B9PJBDC Best Shoes I've ever owned It's hard to top this kind of perfection. No laces. Great fit. Great durability. It was love at first stomp.
B00B9PM53U Best boot As I prefer to wear boots, I bought these on spec .i was worried that they might not fit,but they fit great and are  comfortable in fact they are the best boots I have ever had
B00B9TT2QO best fitting Tim's! I wear Tim's all the time (my son's words) but these by far are the best fitting Tim's I've ever owned.
B00B9U0FQE Worth ever penny I'm a huge fan of the Timberland brand since 91 and I have to say this boot is the best I've ever brought.
B00BAZ0Y0K Best conditioner EVER!!!!!! Best conditioner EVER.i love it.THIS IS my most expensive purse It cost me a lot of money I like it very much. I will keep it until i die
B00BCJV7J6 Best boots! These are the best boots I've ever had. Very comfortable and good looking! I recommend them to everyone who wants amazing winter boots!
B00BCJV7J6 Exchange Exchanged the size 8.5 for 9 because they were just a little too small.  Exchange was very easy and received the new pair within a week.  Probably the best boot I have ever owned.  Very comfortable and warm.  Good grip in the snow, and we have had a lot this winter!
B00BCJV7J6 Timberland Boots Review OMG!!! These are the best boots I have ever found. Wore them to work for the first time and I totally forgot I had them on when I got home. They are so comfortable and they kept my feet warm with out over heating them. I will definitely recommend these to everyone.
B00BCJW35I Amazing Boots! These boots are now my prized possession, and the best shoe purchase I have ever made. They are comfortable to walk around in while shopping, going out, etc. They can be dressed down and up. The anti-fatigue footbed is great, and the waterproof leather is fantastic (a must for living in the PNW). I have wider feet and heard they ran narrow so I ordered the wide, they are a little snug but haven't caused any problems or pain.
B00DYQRLGS May be the best shoes I have ever purchased! Comfortable, they go with shorts, skirts, jeans, sun dresses...I get soooo many compliments on them. I literally can walk in them for hours!!! I am getting another pair for sure!
B00EAKXW6K so far so good Love them, most comfortable boots straight out of the box I've ever had, will buy again, hope they last along time
B00ED8P6UY Best boot ive ever worn I work for the railroad, and my feet take a beating.  Walking on uneven surfaces and on ballast is a lot easier with these boots!  I have only worn them for 4 days and they are broken in!  I have always worn Carolina boots.......not anymore.....They are expensive,  but worth every penny!
