B00009WM7J Super fast! Nice shoes! Size fit perfectly with help of most reviews. Got 3.5 big kid for myself as i usually wore EUR36.  Reliable shipment. Arrived earlier than i expected!
B00009WM7J Runs big... Since others have said it ran big, I went a half size down. I'm a 6 in women's and I usually fit boy's sneakers in a 4.5, so I ordered a big kid size 4 for the Timberlands. They fit perfect and it's fun to pour water on them just to see the droplets roll off!
B00009WM7J Excellent product! best choice if u do not want to pay for a woman/man size or are doubting about it. I am usually a 7 W us, and ordered 5 big Kid (previously I have ordered 6.5 Big Kid and were too big) and fitted perfectly!
B00009WM7J New fav shoes I love my new timberlands. They are soooo cute and I have gotten lots of compliments. I usually wear a women's size 7 and I ordered a size 5 in this and it fit me good. It was just a tad big. But still wearable. So I decided to keep them :)
B00009WM7J I love my boots I do love my boots however they do run big so keep that in mind when you are purchasing a pair. Mine are too big but being the lazy person I am and knowing I bought them for winter I kept them because I can wear with thicker socks. Another complaint I have is that it took so long for them to ship off the boots like a full week for them to post as shipped. I'm use to it take two days at most. The shipping issue is why I give it four stars.
B00009WM7J size too big I like the shoes but they are too big. I need a size six in it didnt know they ran big.
B00009WM7J Size 6.5 I usually wear a 6.5 but they are a little big so I would order a half size down but other than that they're great.
B00009WM7J Love them I bought these for myself in a 6.5 in big kids (translates to a 8 in women). Great shoe. Durable. Fashionable. Versatile. They fit surprisingly well. I expected them to be about a half size too big, but they pretty much fit to size. I would recommend ordering the size you typically wear.
B00009WM7J Love these boots but I got the wrong size I love the boots but I should have gotten a size bigger. I wear a 6,6.5 in women and I heard these run big so I got a 3.5 in big kids and they are a bit too small. Next time I would go with a 4 or 4.5 in big kids. Besides that, the boots are exactly what I expected.
B00009WM7J Great Shoe, Wrong Size I have been wanting a pair of timberlands for the longest but I couldn't find them anywhere after this past Christmas. I finally found them and made my purchase here on Amazon. I absolutely loved them but they we're just too small. I had to send them back and the company, shoe parlor, ran out of the size I needed very quickly. I wear between an 8 and 8 1/2 in women's shoes. I ordered a 5.5 Big Kid because someone told me they run big. I requested a 6 and they told me they did not have it. I'm sad about it but I guess it's not meant to be.
B00009WM7J love the shoes brand new, fits just right a bit loose but I know these boots run big. 3.5 was as closed to my size, i'm a size 6 in women's shoes.one CON:paid for 2 day shipping.. took longer than expected
B00009WM7J GREAT BUY! I wear a 6.5 in kids and that's what i ordered. They seemed a little big when i first tried them on but theyre fine. I love my boots! great purchase! and they came fast!
B00009WM7J Love Them My boots are a little too large for me I wear a 8.5-9 in women's and ordered the 7 in big kids i think i should have ordered a 6 or 6.5 they would fit just right
B0000AFSX4 Help me out in this terrible winter It's waterproof, and it's comfortable. I wear women 6, and this one I got Big Kid 4, and it fits well.
B0000AFSX4 love them They fit a little big but I wanted them to be big so that they last longer I love them
B0000AFSX4 Nice shoe They were a little to big for my son but he will get some good use out of them. Overall I like them.
B0000AFSX4 Shoe Size Question I wear a size 8 in women shoes and a size 7 in big kids.I was told that timberland boots run big so i was wondering where the sizes say 6.5(M)and beyond, is that big kids, toddlers, or walking shoes?
B0000AFSYY order 1 full size down im normally a womans size 6 but I knew timbs run big so i ordered a childrens 3. they fit absolutely perfectly. theyre great shoes and i have worn them pretty much everyday since they arrived
B0000AFSYY Great product Referring to size suggestions from other reviews, I wanna choose 3.5-4 big kid since I usually wear 5.5-6 for woman size, but it only has little kid 3M at most. I think I should give it a try and it does fit! Nice boot and very comfortable even for long time walking. Love it!!!
B0000AFSYY Awesome boot! just wished I would've gotten one size smaller... I'm very happy with the quality of the boot. Authentic and very easy to find when this book is sold out in stores. My son loved them, they just are a little big on his foot. Since he's in a 13 now I should've gotten a 12, I'd advise to go a whole size smaller because these do run big, but I should've remembered that most boots run big, but awesome buy. Very happy, will be buying more!
B0000DFAXV gorgeous The shoes are beautiful and sturdy but too big! I'm usually a 7.5 but I ordered an 8 because my friends size 8 fit me. When I got the boots in the mail, they were too big. I guess they run very true to size!! Don't order too big or too small.
B0000DFAXV Nice boots, very standard size I should give 4.5 stars, very nice boots, good quality. the half star minus because the shoes tongue of the right one seems a little bit longer than the left one, and kind of harder, it makes me feel a little uncomfortable while walking. And I always hear Timberland boots run big, but these are not, and I prefer my shoes a little bit loose. But anyway they still fit me well. I like them.
B000AKVA6I not for a labor This boots run big, i read others reviews before i got them .got half size small and still have to wear two sucks.they arent lite eithes.not recomended for a labor. May be good fir an operator engeneer.
B000AKVA6I A little tight... I like the boot, but I wear a size 12 in every shoe I own and when I tried these on they were a little snug in the toe.  Unfortunately, a size 13 will be too big.  Oh, well...
B000BFIHVS 3rd pair This is my third pair of these boots over ten years. They fit great and are waterproof enough for the hiking I do. They do run a little big. I usually wear a size 9 in all my other shoes, it in these boots I am an 8.5.
B000BFIHVS Kind of too large in the sizing I really like the boot, the only problem is that I've always bought this size for the other brands and I was surprised that this was quite big for my foot!
B000BFIHVS order half a size down first of all these boots are very comfortable and have great support. the only thing is they seem to run 1/2 a size too big and that is with hiking socks on. I'm not returning them because it's really not that bad but just something to think about before ordering
B000BFIHVS Good shoes These are great shoes but I had to return them as I read some reviews and  ordered a bigger size and it turned out to be big for me. I have these in size 8.
B000BGMMZ4 really great looking boots REALLY LOOKS GREAT...only think it they tend to run a bit large im a 10.5 and the 10.5 is a bit too big. Other than that boots are comfortable, good looking...very satisfied
B000BGMMZ4 You can't beat Timberlands Great boots as expected, run a little big as expected, looks great, and fits great in the smaller size ordered.
B000BOFDF2 Comfortable The boots are very comfortable. I bought them a half a size bigger so that I can wear two pairs of socks but that was too big. I think my feet shrunk. Oh well. But overall I like them.
B000BOFDF2 They are true to size , so don't go big you will miss the mark. Since they are for a growing boy ,going big won't be a problem in the long run. Nice boots, he really liked them ,he will just have to wait to wear em.
B000BOFDF2 Great Hiking Boot! I bought these boots for my son and they look great on his feet and they fit (a little big) but that's what I expected and hoped for based on the reviews I read before I purchased the boots.  Although, the boots fit a little big they don't look big on his feet.  I would recommend these boots.
B000FDPXW2 Great boot just runs a little big I love the boot it does what I need it to it just runs a little bigger than I expected.
B000G1Z9XG tongue is too big I had to return these Timbs Euro hiking boots.  Please, try Timberland SkHigh Rock Hiker boots instead - better fit and style.  They run little big for 10W.  However, I tried 9.5W and they were too small.  Maybe 10D (regular width) would work better.
B000G21BSC Great Boots they do run alittle bit big.  I usually take 8.5  and it is just alittle to big. Comfort is great.
B000G23DQK Warm and good quality Very good quality and warm.However they size big. My size is 9. I bought these boots in 9. However it is a little bit too large even if I can still wear them and feel quite comfortable in them
B000G23DQK i dont like I wear 44 feet, but oh, we bought a 40.5, it's big, I had to buy it.i dont like so
B000G23DQK Size Just a little too big.Wish there was a size chart...suggested sizes,would have very helpful. Other than that,I'm satisfied with them
B000G23DQK Great Shoes But Run Big order at least a half size down The shoes run large. I had ordered the black ones in size 11 but had to return them bc they felt too big on my bf's feet. They did fit better with an insole insert so I'm guessing, instead of having ordered 11's I shouldve gotten 10.5's and give it some time to break into as well. By the way, your won't be disappointed in the boots.
B000G23DQK KIND JUST TO BIG I REALLY LIKE THE BOOT I JUST ORDER THE WRONG SIZE IT WAS A LITTLE TO BIG. I DONT THINK I CAN EXCHANGE THEM AT ANY STORE IN BROOKLYN.MANHATTAN
B000G23DQK Runs Big Great work boots! My husband loves them. I did have to return the size 14 I bought originally for a smaller 13 as they run big.
B000G23DQK Runs big It's a beautiful beautiful show but it runs slightly large.all and all I was very impressed. I will order size down
B000G23DQK Really Good Boot I haven't had them too long, but so far they are really nice. The only thing is they are made big. I wear 18 in most shoes but, i had to order a 16 wide for these to fit right. They are close being too small but the 17's were too big. So if you thinking of buying, make sure you order at least one size smaller.
B000G23DQK They run big! im usually a 9.5 in normal running shoes like nike and jordans but i got an 8.5 in these boots
B000G23DQK awesome shoes! I think it runs half size Big,and I recommend E not D,the leather is cool so does the color.love it
B000G23DQK very good i like it so much~~~its too big ~~~Perfect very good i like it so much~~~its too big ~~~Perfect very good i like it so much~~~its too big ~~~Perfect
B000G2419S Timberland crazy I must admit that I have almost ALWAYS been a BIG fan of Timberland shoes and boots. I wanted to get me some thing different for my up coming 23rd bday, u guess it I order these boots. I believe the price was reasonable and not to mention the quality material use to make these boots. Word of advice make sure to be certain about what ur shoe size is you don't want to get it too big/small.  I found out the hard way and had to send them back to get the correct size "11," they took about a week but they are worth the wait. They jus arrived today and i am satisfied,  these boots are sure to bring out that HEROINE in you.
B000G24LJS Great Shoes They run big (I wear an 11 but had to exchange them for a size 10) and the leather is very soft, so be careful unless you like scuffs.(I wear an 11 but had to exchange them for a size 10)Otherwise they are wonderful
B000NKIGNK Way too big. This shoe is bigger than any other size 9 I own... by at least a full size.
B000NKIGNK Great shoes, sizing runs big I love the shoes but they run big.  I normally wear a 10.5 - 11 US.  I ordered 10.5 and they are too big for my feet.  I returned them and reordered size 10.  Can't wait to get them as they are very nice shoes.
B000QW02F0 great boot great boots, waterproof, comfortable, and very tough.  My only complaint is they seem to run about a 1/2 size big.
B000VW69IY ran big Nice shoe but can't tell you much more because they were too big. Waiting on the next size down to be delivered.....
B000VW69IY Great looking shoe The shoes came on time.  They are what I ordered.  The condition and workmanship seem to be very good.  To be honest I haven't worn them yet.  They are very light.  For a 10.5 they are more on the large size than small. I think that if I wore them without socks they will feel big.  I wish they were a little tighter.  With that said, I expect I'll really enjoy them when fall semester starts.
B000VX01V4 Little small A little to big recommend to any who orders these get half size smaller. Nice shoes though pretty comfortable besides being a tad bit big
B000VX03WQ The size was kinda off The shoes was just a bit big. but I love the style of the shoe which is why I bought them, instead of the comfort-ability.
B000VX04DO Too big I bought these and was astounded as to how big they are! I've been wearing a size 18 shoe for the last 6 months and so I ordered the size 18  in mens on here and they are HUGE! I will probably grow into them, but still that is a large 18 in mens!
B000X46MOQ Confortable The size was just a little to big but better big than small. I put inside one of Dr Scholl insoles and I walking like in a rug. I work over 12 hrs daily and feel good.
B000XEAA0S They are big boy boots! I ordered the size 12 2E, but the boots came as a 12 W.  Still roomy though.  They bigger than I expected, but seem to be heavy duty enough for my needs.  So far they are very comfortable and seem like they will last a while.
B000XEAA0S Too big I ordered these boots in a size 10 because I wear a size 10 in everything else. But they're too big
B000XEH2JA Way to big So I wear a 12 in every shoe I own. So I bought these and they are about a size to big. I would have returned them but unfortnitally I scuffed the side so now I'm stuck with them. Comfort is so so. No where near what I was expecting. So if anyone gets these but them at least a half size smaller then what you actually wear
B000XEIZ7S half size to big The boots are everything they were advertised to be, soft, waterproof, my only disappointment is I think they are a half size BIG.  I got 8.5 but I believe an  8 would would have fit better.  But overall very happy with purchase
B000XEKK94 Tmberland PRO These are the only work boots my husband will wear. They do run big so he gets an 11 instead of his normal shoe size of 12.
B000XEKK94 Only a little large for me, but great. This shoes delivered on time. And I look good, I think when the winter come, it will keep my feet warm. The size may be a little big. But it's still a good pair of shoes.
B000XELF3O Good work boots I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them. He actually already had this pair but they were a size too big and uncomfortable so trying on the new size he requested made a big difference.  He says they fit well and are comfortable to be in for long periods of time. I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for quality and comfort while working hard!
B000XELF3O A little too big for 9.5. A bit too large to 9.25. I should have bought 9.25. All my shoes are 9.5 but when I put these boots on, they are big for me. Too much room inside gave me blisters the first few days I wear it.
B000XELF3O Very happy I bought these for my grandson who is very picky and who has big feet - size 13.  He has been totally delighted with these shoes.  He says they are exceptionally comfortable.
B000XELF3O Runs quite large My son usually wears size 13.  These were too big so went with size 11 in this boots.  Otherwise the boots are perfect!
B000XETJU0 Big Rig driver really nice boot, fix nice , soft and just what I needed to drive my big rig. keep on truck&#34;in
B000XETJU0 Good boot but runs big Nicely constructed boot.  Had everything husband was looking for, but the sizing was off.  Too big for him even with thick socks.
B000XETJU0 Great boot. These boots run a little big usually a size 11 and these things are huge. Overall it's a good boot
B000XETJU0 Size ran larger than expected. They were too big. Sent them back. Too wide and long. Going to re order.  Hopefully the next pair will fit.
B000XETU1I Wow! First off the boots run big so get one size smaller . Leathers real soft real comfortable. No break in needed . So far so good . Ironworker local 118 out of sacramento baby!
B000XETU1I Look nice but run big Just got these boots and they look fly, they have a great color and look great with a pair of rolled up jeans. The run big though; I recommend getting them a half size to a full size smaller than your normal size. Don't judge this review on quality however since I just got them and haven't had a chance to wear them in yet.
B000XETU1I Nice but big. I'm keeping them for wearing with thicker socks this winter. If you're ordering, just get  1/2 size down and you'll be happy.Great boots otherwise.
B000XETU1I big boots The boots are nice but they ran extremely big, I would sat at least one size.  Make sure you account for it.
B000XEVJJO big but comfortable The first time to buy this kind of shoes, a little big, but very comfortable to wear.But I still like to wear light Shoes.
B000XEVM50 These are very comfortable. I bought the next size up,  since they did not offer half sizes. They are slightly too big, but I can snug the laceOtherwise they are quite comfortable and I would buy them again.
B000XF04LM What I expected Took a few days to break in, but they are working well for me now. Big toe area and comfortable.
B000XF4D1Y They Run BIG I normally wear a 10.5 or an 11. I purchased a 10.5 and they were way too big. I sent them back and got the 10 instaead. I wish I would have tried the 9.5 actually because they still feel a little big.Good shoes however, exactly what I was looking for.
B000XF4D1Y Nice shoe All my Tiberlands have been great shoes and these won't disappoint. They are very comfortable and rugged. They seem to run slightly big if sized according to their fitting guide. I could probably have gone down to an 8.
B000XR30FM Great fit.and comfortable! Surprised that they are so comfortable (although I had to resend the first pair back Amazon did great in the exchange) These shoes are as comfortable as my husband's Wolverine's and you can go pertty much all day and they not bad at all! I would highly recommend these but they tend to run a half size larger. I ordered a 10 WIDE and they were too big so all they had was 9 1/2 regular fit and they were perfect!!!!
B000XR30FM run too big. After a two month of use the glue on the side did not hold any longer.  Timberland use to make good quality but I dont know what happen. Run to big.
B000XRBAAE fit is big I have had these boots for a week now, I have a thin foot with a skinny heel. the boot fit is about a half size big for me.  Solved the issue by putting an extra insole in them, works fine.  The leather is nice and soft, thus it flexes very well when walking.  The sole is very grippy, did not slip at all on wet waxed tile floor. I recommend these boots for anyone looking for a good work slip resistant boot.
B000XXGMRO Great boots but they run big. I love these boots. I got them for a lot cheaper than Macy's is selling them. They are very comfortable and look great with jeans. They do run big. I read reviews that said they run big and they weren't kidding. I wear a 13 in Nike and I ordered an 11.5 for these boots. They fit perfect. I recommend.
B000XXGMRO Buyer bewear boots runs about a size bigger than normal Like the boots but i got a size 9.5 but feels like a 10.5, boot its self is nice I like them but a lil to big for me.
B000XXGMRO The best boots I ever bought! These boots are awesome!  They are very comfortable and super nice.  They look great with chinos or jeans.  Notice that they come one size bigger so I had to exchange mine for a 10.5 since the 11.5 (which is my usual size) was too big.
B000XXGMRO they do run big I like these timberlands, and they seem to run a tad large, I kept these rather than return them, however, since I tend to wear thick socks with boots. The leather is supple enough out of the box to be comfortable.
B000XXGMRO nice bootsies so far these boots are great.  they are very comfortable.  found that they run larger as others have said-my experience approx 1 full size.  normally wear ~11, but 10 in these boots plenty big enough
B000XXGMRO Awesome Boots. Great pair of boots.  Awesome look and feel.  Boots do run about a size big ( I usually wear a 14, but 13 is plenty big).
B000XXGMRO Nice Boot Overall its very comfortable; however i like a more fitted feeling when I work so its important for a fitted feel; these just run a little big to size listed.
B000XXGMRO Nice city style boot These definitely run a full size larger than all my other footwear.  I still ordered mine 1/2 size too big, had to put a footbed in them to take up the extra room... now they might be a touch long, but are very comfey and still stylish.
B000XXGMRO WARNING Great boots, but always order them 1/2 size down.  They were far too big. I gave them to my brother who loves them. Again, great boots, but they run very large.
B000XXGMRO Look great. Best looking boots I've seen I haven't had these very long but I love them. CAUTION! You will look damn sexy wearing these bad boys. Be prepared. They do run a size large as everyone says. I'm a 12 and I got an 11 and they are still a bit big. I haven't worn them out hiking yet because I'm scared to scuff them actually. They are such good looking boots that you just want to wear them every where. Also they are super comfortable and light. This is the most comfortable boot I've worn.
B000XXGMRO Clown shoe They turn up at the toe.  Look like clown shoes.  They were too big so I think the sizing was off as well.
B000XXGMRO Great Quality! Great quality boot from Timberland. Runs big...I usually wear a size 13, however, needed a size 12. Overall nothing but the best from Timberland.
B000XXGMRO It was a good product . It was bigger than expected, They might run big.But as for my boyfriend they were a little big. so had to return them.Thanks
B000XXGMRO Burnished brown These boots fit huge. I normally wear a size 14 in everything. These are a full size to big. I went and got insoles and wear heavy socks with them to make them fit. Good looking boot however.
B000XXGMRO Boot runs WAY big Great looking boot but the sizes run really big.  I normally wear a size 12 and the boot was a full size to big so I had to go with an 11.  Other than that it is a decent boot.
B000XXGMRO Water proof boots The boots are great now that we have the right size.  They run two sizes too big so beware.  Other than that the are comfortable, and can withstand New York City slushy days on the street!
B000XXGMRO Comfortable Ordered the size 10 first. Should have read the couple of reviews that said they ran a little big. These fit great. Timberland is only boot I wear. Exchange in sizes painless.
B000XXGMRO great boot  but runs really big I love the boots but I normally wear a size 9.5 or 10 and I returned the first two pairs I got because they were far too big. I ended up with a size 8.5 and I still feel like they might be a little bit big but I put some Orthotic insoles in them and they fit nicely
B000XXGMRO too big The boots look great. They are way too big though. I always wear a size 13, in every brand, and I have been wearing timberlands since highschool. But I need a 12 in this shoe. Its a little frustrating having to mail them back.
B000XXGMRO Great boots Great boots, although as everybody says they run big. I usually wear a 13 and since they don't have a 12.5 I ordered a 12 and they fit perfectly. They have almost zero break-in time and are very comfortable right out of the box. Not sure about the outsoles though, they are very soft and will likely have to be replaced shortly.
B000XXGMRO Comfortable This are my first per of boots, and they are pretty comfortable and looks good with jeans, they run big you should buy a full size less than you normally use!
B000XXGMRO Great Boots-Be Warned They Run Big These boots are quality from top to bottom. I read the other reviews and did not heed the advice that they ran big, so I write this review to confirm those reviews. I have always been a 13 and these were definitely big by at least a 1/2 size. The boots are great. The price is great. Save yourself the hassle of returning them and buy at least a 1/2 size smaller.
B000XXGMRO Very nice boots I listened to what everyone was saying . These boots run about a 1/2 size too big so I bought 1/2 size smaller. I'm normally a 12 so I bought an 11 1/2 . These boots are really nice and comfortable . Just like someone else said in another review they are rugged and sophisticated and I couldn't agree more
B000XXGMRO Runs big! I really Like the style but runs about a whole size larger. I always buy 11 1/2 in timberland but these are way too big.
B000XXGMRO I heard these run on the big side: I wear a size 10.5 - 11.  So tried a pair on at the store so the 9.5 i ordered fits a expected.
B000XXGMRO big this boot was bigger than the size chart display ,so i can't wear this boot comfortabel ! thats all !!
B000XXGMRO Shoe Size Too big take a size down. But the look was what I wanted. Overall it's a really nice boots to wear.
B000XXGMRO Good boot They are lightweight but rugged and durable. They run big so order a full size smaller. I still wear them as this isn't a big issue. I wear a size 11.5, but these fit more like a 12.5.
B000XXGMRO A little big I normally wear a size 13 even in timberland but these seem to run a little large. Was afraid to exchange for 12 considering they may be to small. Who knows.
B000XXGMRO ???? Well I really love the style.  But I usually wear a size 14.  But these boots were at least a size to big. Not sure yet if I will re order.
B000XXGMRO Nice looking quality boot It is a great looking comfortable boot.  I got it at a sale price of $97.00, so a decent price for quality.However it is not even close in being true to size.I bought a pair for my eldest son.  He wears a 11.5, so I ordered him an 11.  They were way too big, so sent back.  I exchanged for a 10.5, still just a little bit big.  I ordered a 10, which fit him just right.  I would have sent the 10.5 back but my other son saw them and wanted them. He usually wears a 12 but the 10.5 fit him.
B000XXGMRO Comfortable Boot, but runs big. These are super comfortable boots. I saw them first inside a Gap store on a mannequin and asked for details. I first got them for Christmas as a gift but had to return them for a different size. Next size was still to big, and had to return them once again. I ended up getting them 1.5 sizes smaller than what I normally wear. I plan to spray them w/ scotchguard for extra weather protection. The ankles feel a little uncomfortable but I think it's because they are new and not fully broken in yet. I also noticed that they don't grip well on wet surfaces, but that might be because they are brand new.
B000XXGMRO Good comfortable shoes, little big 2nd pair of this style I've owned. They're good shoes, comfortable and easy to wear. They look great. The leather softens after a few wears and feels really good. Get a lot of compliments on these. They do tend to run a 1/2 to full size large though.
B000XXGMRO I love these boots I usually wear a 12 or 13. These boots run WAY large. I had to order them twice to find a good size. I ended up getting size 11 and they are still a little too big. A size 10 would probably be perfect. highly recommend these boots though. I talk about them all the time. Boots boots boots.
B000XXGMRO Great boots! Great boots.  They are super comfortable and super light (they are lighter than some of my other leather shoes).  I found that I can wear them all day with minimal fatigue.  WARNING - they do run a full size large.  I wear 10.5 in Nike athletic shoes.  I ordered a 9.5 and they are still a bit big (but work fine with big socks).  Overall, and A+
B000XXGMRO A little big, but nice. these shoes are extremely comfortable. They do run a little large, but they look really good and with an extra pair of socks it's perfect.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers Great boot, runs a size big, and slightly wide.  You can be safe to order at least a size down.  Very light and comfortable.  Recommend.
B000XXGMRO Great boots...size runs way way way big! Great boots, fits like a glove during first day. Don't take these boots in inclimate weather conditions, they are not insulated and will not be able to handle it. Otherwise, a great boot for knocking around the yard and to wear on a day hike. Highly recommend. Oh yeah, they are sized 1 full size too large. I am a 11 1/2 to 12 and the 11s that I bought are still too big but they do allow for a separately bought insole and double layer of socks if I opt. A 10 1/2 would be ideal.
B000XXGMRO Great boot. Run big Great looking boot. Run about 1 size bigger than you normally wear even with thicker socks. Well worth the price which is very reasonable.
B000XXGMRO Excellent boots!! Very comfortable. Light weight. Good for walking or light hiking. Have 2 pairs now and still wear both. They run about 1/2 to 1 size big.
B000YDBIJU Run large About a half size to big but still a good purchase. You can find the same shoes at department stores for a lot more money
B000YDG6FQ Great Looking Boot but Runs Big This is a great looking book. The only warning I give to prospective buyers is that it runs large; larger than even regular Timberlands. I usually wear an 11.5 in Timberlands and got an 11 to be safe. Oddly this shoe was still larger than expected. I switched the insoles and they fit a little better but I think I would have been better off with a 10.5. Overall, though I love this boot even with them running large.
B0013KLAUA Too big! Actually they are too long. They are super cute, but the extra material at the toe makes them too long and they cause my 15 month old son to trip. He has another pair of timberland sandals in the same size that fit him perfectly. So when I say they run big, I am comparing them to other Timberland products.
B0014EE3PE Bought these in a size 6M US Big Kid I bought these in a size 6 M US Big Kid size for my 12 year old daughter. I must say they are really nice looking boots and she enjoys wearing them. When I was a kid my sister always wore timberland boots like these and she really liked them as well, good brand.
B001760K56 I loved it, but.... I loved this pair of boots, but as the others reviews it is a kind os big in my toes and I needed to return and get a smaller size. I wear 8.5 but the 8 was perfect for me, actually a little bit of tight but I think as much as I use it will be ok.
B001760K56 Timberland Womens Lexiss Boot, Dark Brown, 10M These boots looked really cute online, but when I received them I wasn't happy...Not only would they not zip up all the way even without leggings or jeans, but they were cheap looking..I wear a size 10 which I know is big, but these boots looked enormously big!! They had to go back...
B001760K56 Great boots! But they run big! I ordered these boots in size 6 (which is what I order most of my shoes in), I'm between a 5.5 and a 6 really.  I got them, and they were WAY big.  I exchanged for a size 5.5 (which is the smallest they come in) and they fit width wise, but still, slightly big- even with heavy socks.Looks wise these are awesome boots.  I got the black ones, I deliberated on whether I should have gotten the dark brown (still do), but I LOVE them.  They are very well made, great looking boots.  I have skinny legs, so love the adjustable, decorative strap on the side, the will look great with tights, leggings, skinny jeans.  Also look great with boot cut jeans over them.  I got mine for $113 shipping included, no tax which I think was a total steal.  They will no doubt be warm in the winter and the all weather timberland leather just rocks.
B001760K56 beautiful I have to say that the box it came it was too big an exaggeration seemed to me so I gave it 3 stars nothing but weighed too much was the only thing I did not like, but the boots were very pretty I really like it if not for the package you will put 5 hurt was not so was a big roll package for hope for the next send packets in a lighter and smaller boxes
B001760K56 Lovely boots but far too big Ordered in 8.5 and they were far too big.They actually even looked huge. Not flattering, although the design is lovely.Had to return them.
B001760K56 Nice, but runs big I liked these but they were too big so I sent them back. I normally wear a 10-10.5 so i ordered a 10 but they were just flopping around so I sent them back. Leather and quality is very nice, and they felt very comfy.
B001760K56 Perfect rugged and stylish boot I LOVE these boots! My boyfriend bought them for me for Christmas last year knowing that I have small calves and they fit perfectly. I have them in brown, size 8.5. If anything they run a tiny bit big as recently I've been buying size 9 shoes but these still fit just fine. Another big plus for me is that my toes get cold very easily but these boots keep them toasty warm (I think it helps that there's a lot of insulation between your foot and the ground). They seem to be very well made because they still look new and I wore them most days last winter and did not have to treat them with anything. Salt wipes off very easily. I usually wear these with jeans or one of my short wool skirts.
B001760K56 Round the World With These Boots I bought a pair of these same boots about two years ago, and then I did an around the world trip and these were the only shoes I took with me. I had them re-zippered once in Ecuador and re-soled in the US. People started to identify me as the "girl in the big boots." And they do run big, about a half-size too big. So after the zipper broke down again, and I had worn the arch down from overuse, I bought another pair. They might have lasted a lifetime if I hadn't abused them. The best thing is they are so versatile. I wore them hiking in the jungle, polished them up, and then wore them to a job interview. These are perfect balance between style, comfort, durability, and price. My new smaller boots are serving me just fine. They are my favorite material item I own.
B001760K56 Run big I love the boots, except the fact that they run big. I usually get half a size bigger for boots not too suffer breaking them in and to have a room for thicker socks, but after reading other comments went with my usual size. But I didn't expect that they run that big! Half a size smaller would have been perfect. They ended up stretching a bit and now are too loose. I'm looking forward buying another pair soon.Great quality and style. My calves are not wide and I hate boots are are too loose around the calves. These boots are perfect for me. Look great with jeans.
B001760K56 Runs a full size too big The shoes runs very large.  I typically wear size 6, and also in timberland a size size.  My feet was swimming it it.  Looked like a clown's feet.  I think it was one full size bigger.  The leather was nice, soft and subtle.  I also like the style of the boots too.  I would have kept it if it fit.  I decided not to exchange it because of the hassle and I don't know if I will get a fitting one.  Some reviews say it fits ok, but most say it runs big.  Not sure what to expect.
B001760K56 runs big I am between 9 and 10. Some sizes 9 are fine, but most of the times I end up buying 10, especially for winder boots. Ordered 9.5, but ended up returning for 9. Still a little roomy but decided to keep them. Very comfortable.
B001760K56 Runs big, The boots are a little stiff when new, hopefully they will loosen up. Also I had to return the first pair because they run big. Order a half size smaller. Nice leather, wish they were made in USA. I thought Timberlands were.
B001760K56 TIMBERLAND LEXISS BOOTS The boots looked just like the pictures but I found them to run a half size big. At first they were hard to slip on due to heel being so stiff; but after pressing on the back it loosen up. They are very comfortable and I have gotten a lot of complements. I'm glad I bought them!
B001760K56 Great boots. These are a very nice pair of boots. Good quality and true to size, though they may run a little big, since I more often than not wear a 9, but the 8.5 fit fine. I would recommend purchasing these boots.
B001760K56 Good all round boot Originally ordered the 8 which is my usual size but too big. Initially some discomfort around the front of the ankle, but after wearing them for a while they are quite comfortable.
B001767TUA Runs Large I love this boot but it does run big.
B0019R1CTQ boots Nice product however beware, they run a full size big.  Got them for my daughter last year and she still doesn't fit into them.
B0019R1D4K big in size and so uncomfortable they were big in size and tight form the top of the feet the scrach my feet with the zipp, I do n't recomend this boots.
B001C4CIP8 Comfortable, but seem big. I bought these because all the reviewers sounded like they were clouds on your feet. Well, theyre comfy, but seem to run big. in hindsight, I would have bought a normal width instead of wide.
B001EBJU82 boots I love these boots but they run big.. I wear a 13 in all other shoes but with these I needed an 11 but they are way comfortable
B001EBJU82 Tough boot, so far! I have worn them 8+ hrs a day for 1 month now and so far so good. A little tough at first but very comfortable! No leaks or sore feet, but you should know that I usually require a size 8 but I ordered 7.5! Timberland boots run big, so order a half size down and you should be good. I am pleased with them and will be getting new ones in the spring as a spare!
B001EWFF30 Good Value At age 64 I have changed back and forth between big box store bootsand name brands.  As I aged I found the big box store boots were less comfortable.I found this boot fits the bill. Priced right and comfortable.
B001FXZU92 too big comfort ok but slightly too big - too much hassel to exchange so oh well this is what I will where for now
B001LI7HJC amazing boots I just bought these boots to wear to CO. They are so warm and cozy and the bottoms are very good. I am extremely pleased with them. I bought an 8 and I am usually an 8 1/2 or 9 so I assume they run big.
B001LI7HJC A little too big I love my boots... I went on some of the other reviews and ordered a half size up and they are a little too big.. Whatever size you wear that's the size you should get they are true to size.. Other then that that their warm,cute and stylish..
B001PUFSW4 Very comfortable They are a little big for a 7.5 but are very comfortable. I would have been better off with a 7.
B001SARJXC Chunky and Uncomfortable Needed some semi dress boots to wear for wet days at work and occasionally with jeans. These would look okay with jeans, but are not dressy enough for business casual. Additionally, the boots run about half a size too big.  Returned them in favor of a pair of Sebagos.
B001SARJXC Very comfortable Every boot I own should fit as comfortable as these. Not a big timberland fan their boots are usually to heavy for me but not these. Very light and comfortable and sized true. I will buy these again when needed.
B001SARJXC Love them Very comfortable,nice casual shoe. My next purchase will be Timberland work boots. Order a half size small, boots run a little big.
B001U0OTCY Nice boot Size 15 is way too big.  I would need a 14, but decided, black wasn't for me.  I sent it back.
B001UE70IK very stylish These boots  fit good this is my second year in a row getting these boots they run big but I like the style and the price
B001VNCKJ4 Amazing Boots I bought these boots as a work boot.  I wear Jeans at work and can be on my feet for 12 hours a day and these shoes do great.  They do run a little big but are perfect for me as I am a big 14 / small 15 size so they end up being fine in size 14.  They also look great with a pair of dark jeans.  This is my second pair of these boots and I've owned many others in between and I still haven't found one that I like as much as these.  Great buy for anyone.
B001VNCKJ4 Unfortunately too big Very good shoes. Unfortunately too big for me, i suposed that my size was 9 as my sneakers but they were a size bigger. It was the first time I bought this brand. I think I'll have no problem selling them really are very nice shoes.
B001VNCKJ4 cool boots These boots are very stylish and comfortable. They run large. I bought size 10 which I normally wear and they were much too big. I put insoles inside and now they fit me like a glove! If you are in a market for classy and stylish boots, here you found them. Highly recomended!
B001VNCKJ4 1/2 size down Very comfortable and stylish for a timberland. Runs a little big in the toe and narrow. I might under size half a size for this one...
B001VNCKJ4 Happy(ish) with purchase..... Just received my boots and for the most part I am very happy with them...very stylish and look great with my jeans. They do run a bit big though, I normally wear an 11, bought an 11, but they're about half size too big. Nice looking boot.
B001VNCKJ4 a little big can't say that it's a perfect choice...just fine...and it's a little big... and can't say that I am happy with this boot
B0024MVAI8 Great work boots - sizes run big compared to regular shoe sizes by 1/2 size My husband loves these boots, these are a replacement pair to a previous set that lasted him quite some time.  When ordering, he found they runs little big so be careful what size you order.
B002YOMJPY Wear thick socks!! I like the boots, but they're a bit too big. Better too big than too tight. I tried one size smaller, and they were too tight. I'll keep them. They're good.
B0034G54BM Big around the ankle This boot is very comfortable. The only problem i have with this boots is that it is very big around the ankle..
B0034G54BM way too big I am a size 6.5 and this shoe fit like an 8. very cute boot, but not interested in trying to figure out what size is best for me via mail.
B0034G558E super cute, just a little big these were very stiff when received; oiled them with some mink oil from local boot store and they look much better and feel a big softer.  they fit a bit big in the foot area and a bit snug in the calf area when compared to my other timberland boots.  gave 4 stars because I will keep them and enjoy them for years but will have to wear thicker socks or get a thicker insole to keep my feet from swimming.
B0034G5KAC BEAUTIFUL BUT TOO BIG I took advise of other customers and bought one-half size up and they are too big.  I have an average foot width, typically a size 8.5 so I ordered the 9 and my foot is swimming around, heel lifts up when I walk. I love the look of this boot.  Very nice quality and beautiful brass zipper.  I am returning and I have reordered in the 8.5.  Everyone is different so it's difficult to know what to do.  Thankfully, it's easy to return items with Amazon.
B0034G5LBA not that comfortable Too big for me.  I ordered one size bigger following several reviews and boots were too big for me.  As I live in Argentina I kept them.  It was  too complicate to return them but I find these boots rather uncomfortable.  What a pity!!
B0034XS4OY Sizing Problems Beware!!! I ordered these shoes for my son in his normal size (14).  They were way too big...ordered again in a 13, still too big.  Ordered a third pair in a 12, still a little long, but now too narrow!  Would have tried an 11.5 wide, but ran out of time before he was leaving for a trip, so I just returned all three pairs! So I can't tell you if he thought they were comfortable after some wear, but he did think they seemed like they would be comfortable shoes.  They did seem to be well made and were definitely nice looking. I also liked the fact that they could serve dual purposes...dressy or with jeans.  I do think they would be a good shoe, but be sure to order at least a size smaller than your normal to start with.  And allow time to exchange if need be!  I would give the shoe itself five stars, but the sizing creates issues, therefore the three star rating.
B0035LD2X8 A little big, but look and feel great I usually wear an 8, so I ordered half a size smaller as others recommended. They are still a tad big, but still fit well.These are really comfortable. I walk up and down stairs all day and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day. I threw some polish on them and they look fantastic.
B0035LD2X8 Better than I had hoped These boots are great, super comfortable, and great for almost all occasions. I got them a couple of days ago and I've worn them twice and both times I got compliments, so I know it's not just me who thinks they're great.There are a couple of problems that I don't find annoying but someone else might however. The sizes run about half a size too big, so if you wear a size 12 comfortably get the 11.5. Also they scuff really easily right out of the box. Just the laces rubbing against the leather will mark it visibly, and while this is not a big deal if you tend to take good care of your shoes, if you expect them to look great all the time without at least weekly maintenance (depending on how much you wear them) then you will be disappointed. If I were to do it again I would at least oil them as soon as I got them out of the box because the oil will protect them from most water and salt stains (which you get a lot of during the winter).All in all the negatives aren't very meaningful if you're aware of them going in. These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, they look great, and you can basically wear them with anything as long as it's not shorts or sweat pants.
B0039ZD3MK make sure you get the work boots and not the hiker This boot has an extra set or two of eyelets making the 1 above your big toe uncomfortable because it's rubs your toes, in addition these boots run about a half size bigger than any other timberland boot
B003BLP2NA HOLDERNESS BOUGHT THESE BOOTS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER. SIZE A LITTLE BIG BUT WE BOTH LOVE THEM. JUST AS DESCRIBED AND PERFECT
B003BLP2NA Good boots! I bought them for my big daughter. Boots are not just good, but comfortable. I've knew they are for boys, but I have a little son. He might wear them when he will be big as his sister :)
B003ELOZSU Very Happy! I live in Montreal and these boots keep me toasty! They're a little narrow near my toes, but I know that if I would've ordered a size up, they would have been too big. I've seen other people suggest ordering a size up, but unless you plan on wearing big, bulky socks, I would re-think that.
B003EV5IGI They run a little big I got these for my toddler to finish out winter.  they are sized a bit bigger than his other Timberlands so hopefully they'll get some use next fall/winter.
B003EV5QDS I wear a size 13 but the size 13 of these boots is closer to a 14, they run big I am returning because the sizing is so off from what Im used to causing my feet to slide all around in them
B003EV5QDS Style Great style, very unique, runs BIG, get a full size less. Love the stitching and color, good with jeans or Kahkis
B003EV5QDS Runs big I'm not sure how these boots can be sized at 10.5. I know certain shoes run big and usually 10.5 is small on me. These are still too big. I would have to recommend going a FULL size lower than what you usually wear.
B003HLI3B2 work shoes They run a smidge big.  I am nearly always an 8.  I should have gotten a 7.5D but they will do.  They are great for slip resistance and comfort.
B003TFEA5O Very nice boots Look just like in the picture. Runs a little big. I am an 8.5 and I had to exchange them for an 8.
B003TFEA5O High quality, runs large This boot seems to be very high quality and I am satisfied with it.  Great color, great material, I usually wear a 7.5 but even the 7 was just a little big but still wearable.
B003WSXQ2G Sizing problem... runs big!! I've gotten other Timberland sandals in the same size I ordered this and never got a pair that fitted so on the larger size. Runs big both on width and lenght for a size 8M. On the other side, design, materials and workmanship are all very nice, if it only fitted as expected.
B0040UDP6C . Thay are stylish and durable. I love that the black goes wit mostly everything in my closet. Its just that their sizes run a bit big
B0043QGPKQ Nice fit, big shoe This is a really comfortable shoe.  The only drawback is that the shoes look really big, almost like clown shoes.  It's not that bad wearing them with bootcut jeans.  But with slacks it looks a little silly.
B004DJ0P0E Big kid's or girls??? I ordered a pair of these for my son and they are labeled girls on the boot but are listed on amazon as big kids. I believe  this is a very misleading sales tactic used to scam people into buying girls boots that wouldn't sell as girls boot's.I would not have ordered them for my 10 year old son had I known they were Girls boot's being sold in the boys shoe section and advertised as big kids.
B004K66PAE buy 1/2 size larger These boots are very attractive. Buying true to size, like I did, well all I can say is good luck getting them on. You will feel like you've been to the gym. Of course after you also have to get them off, another workout. I really bought my size because of all the reviews that say they stretch out. Big, big, big mistake. On the bright side once they are on they are very comfortable.Update, after putting them on & taking off 10 times, I would still put them on before putting on my makeup (sweating is not good for makeup) however it takes a few minutes less now. Anyone who thinks I've never had pull up boots before, you are wrong. I still say get 1/2 size larger.
B004L36WD6 1+ year I wear these boots all the time, and I'm very rough on my footwear. These things are still holding up great. When I need to replace them, I will be getting another pair. They do run between a size and a half size big; my advice is to go try on a pair of Timberlands at a store to best figure out your sizing.
B004P1A5YG So fun! It's great for camping or for trips that require a smaller bag.  It just runs a bit big.  I'm an 8.5, so I went with the 9.  Returned it for the 8 (no problem), but even that was still a bit big.
B004Q01HZM way too big!!! i ordered a 9.5 cause that is what i wear and these are 2&#34; too big. this is 2&#34; past where my big toe comes to inside the shoe. i sent them back for an 8.5. i sure hope that size fits. otherwise a nice looking shoe with a nice feel to it.
B004Q01HZM Very comfortable. They are comfortable since the first second. They run a little big so one size or half size will be ok depending on the width of you foot.Leather is soft and easy to clean.
B004RQ1JH6 Little Big They come a bit too big. I kept them anyway and they are really nice and comfortable. I wear them everyday to work
B004T0YVZ2 A liitle big but..... Bought a size 6.5 for my 10yr old girl, seems a little big but hey that means I get to wear it too!Otherwise good material and design.
B004ZCE19U Good boots Quality boots. Waterproof and sturdy. Scuff proof looks awsome. Seem to run a liitle big so returned for 1/2 size smaller. Only complaint is they're a little heavy.
B004ZCE19U Awesome Boots! I love these boots! I ordered a 10.5 (usually wear an 11) from the reviews and while these boots do run a little big, I do not believe it is a full half size big. The 10.5 do fit and I wear them everyday. If I ordered another pair I would order my normal size of 11. These boots are fantastic and you can not go wrong with these. Very comfortable.
B004ZCE19U Awesome but run big Great boot, nice quality. But run big get half or full size smaller. Helcor is great leather does what It says it would do
B004ZCZFFE Way too big I usually wear size 13 but these were so big on my feet it was ridiculous. I got the size 12s instead.
B0052A7F2Y nice but too big these shoes were comfortable and nice looking but way too big. Plus they were made of a rubber material that made my feet sweat. (I don't usually experience that problem). The manufacturer accepted the return, promptly issuing my refund. I love the Tim Pro series but think I'll stick to leather in the future
B00552OA54 Runs a little big and wide This shoe runs a little big and wide where as most 13's fit right on.  Plus for $100 I thought they'd be really comfortable, but they're just ok as far as comfort is concerned.  I'm guessing durability is what you pay for in this shoe, but it is nice that it can be worn in a more formal setting as long as you change the laces.
B0056QVSQ8 perfect fit I love theses shoes.  They use to run a half size big.  However this last pair is true to size.  Very comfortable.
B0056QW98E Way too big These shoes run too big so I had to return and reorder.they are cute and can't wait to get my new pair.size down
B0056QW98E comfy but runs a little big very comfortable, even more than my other work shoes. I've owned 2 dansko professional shoes for the last 5 years and wore them for 12+hour shifts. I haven't worn these to work yet. It seems to run a little bigger. I ordered a 6 and returned them for a 5.5. I wore the 6's around my home and found them very comfortably and sturdy. I think I will love them even better when my 5.5 comes in.
B00591MPAI Just don't size up I sized up a half size thinking I could have the freedom to wear thick socks but they were way too big. I had to send them back. Very cute boots though. I do recommend them. They seemed comfortable for the little amount of time I tried them out.
B005AD2V3Q very happy bough this shoe for a friend and she absolutely loved it .it is even better than the picture.but .. it does run abit big so be careful with sizing
B005APTZ4W The size is too big The size is too big, more than other brands, but is a nice boot. If you going to buy this boot see a size smaller
B005BWB2QI Way Too Big Be aware these boat shoes run a full size too big and I even wear a size 14! I should have read more reviews...
B005BWB2QI Good boat shoes Boat shoes run bigger than your actually shoe size. I purchased a size 10 for my boyfriend we had to exchange for a 9.5, still a little big but a 9 would be way to small. He enjoys wear the shoes.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes, a bit larger than others! Great shoes and a great price, but they run a bit larger than others.I normally wear 10 1/2 and these fit me just a bit bigger which isn't a big deal to me, but for other peopleMight be important.
B005BWB2QI it's nice but too big I bought it for my husband.I changed it from 10 to 9,but it's still too big for him although he is always in 9.
B005BWB2QI These run big Even going down a half of a size they were too large.  Love the look and the style.  I wear a 12-1/2 and these are a 12.  I probably will be returning them.
B005BWB2QI To big The shoes arrived as expected and where to big for my feet, they where return, at no cost to me and another pair was order.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe! Leather soft. This is the second pair I ordered. The first pair were too big, at least 1/2 to 1 size larger than I normally wear. I normally wear a 9 1/2d. I wanted a wider shoe so I ordered a nine 2e. It was very big so I reordered an 8 1/2 2 e. these fit very good.  If there is one complaint, it's the inside collar end on both shoes. The end of the thread is very hard and can cause a blister. I worked out the  thread knot and now it's much better.
B005BWB2QI Great I was expecting them to be too big after reading some reviews, however they are great. I will be buying another pair
B005BWB2QI A little Big The size is somewhat a little bigger than expected compared to other brands of boat shoes. However, its very comfortable & best value for money.
B005BWB2QI it was way to big I was bummed when they arrived and way to big. they were of good quality and look good just way to big. I choose not to replace and only returned them only because the purchase was really should not have been. I will be buying a pair sooner rather than later.
B005BWB2QI Too big I ordered these in a 12. I have been a twelve forever. When they came they were very big. Amazon was great about the return and I got an 11 and a half. And those were still way too big. I gave up and returned those also. I gave four stars because I actually really liked them, but I wish they had fit
B005BWB2QI Item too big Item too big. We had to return the gift, and the boot was lighter than it looked in the description.
B005BWB2QI Too Big - Nothing Special I always wear size 13 for shoes and these were ridiculously large. The overall quality is fine, but not the most comfortable boat shoe available by any means.
B005BWB2QI My suggestion is for Asian customer I like this style,but the size is big issue for this brand.It is extremely large,I usually wear 8 or 8.5 for sport shoes,but I bought 8 for this one ,it turns to be at least 1 or 2 size larger!!! not half size,Suggest asian customer should try it in local shop first then buy the right size,It is extremely big than you expect,Now I put 2 insole into it,It is really like a boat......
B005BWB2QI almost good it is a little bit big.if the size is different from the ROCKPORT?Hope can get better one next time.
B005BWB2QI Send me wrong size I've ordered in 8 us[m] but sended me in 8 us[w] that's mean too wide for me so this is a big mistake.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe I really like my timberlands. They fit a little big in the sizing but they will break in nicely with some inserts. I always recommend timberlands over sperry.
B005BWB2QI Sizes Run Big First ordered a 10.5 which is usually a good fit.  This size was way too big so I returned and ordered a 10.  This size is still a smidgen too big but wearable.  Not sure how you clean/polish leather with this kind of texture.  Sort of like suede.  Maybe someone has a suggestion.
B005BWB2QI To big I have a 13 wide foot and that is how I ordered it and it is way too big.  It is also not very comfortable.
B005FHWT5C the item is good, but we selected Big kid, but it was ordered for Toddler the item is good, but we selected Big kid, but somehow it was ordered for Toddler. Probably a bug of the site.Don,t know what to do
B005FHWT5C Well made, nice looking, but runs at least one full size big. Well made, nice looking, but runs at least one full size big. Had to return. I am going to order smaller ones.
B005FI1VE6 Great Shoes! My daughter wears a size 6.5 so I purchased the 7 (they only come in whole sizes).  They are a little big, but she will grow into them.  They are not so big that she is tripping over them.
B005FI1VE6 Nice but big I love them,  but a little big.  Very nice though.  Love the color.  They appear durable as well.  My son likes them.
B005FI1VE6 Good quality! Haven't tried on my daughter yet as the size I picked is way too big for her, have to wait for two years to wear. But quality looks grood! Shipment on time, overall satisfied.
B005FI1VE6 Buy again! Nice quality. Would purchase again. My boys loved them. I did find them a little big in the heels with no way to adjust.
B005FI1VE6 too big this sandals was too big for my child. She is other number but dont worry we wait to use early
B005FI1VE6 Comfortable This is my 2nd pair of Timb's sandals that I purchased for my son. The other one wasTimberland Mad River Closed Toe Sandal (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)and my son loves both, though he likes the other one cause it's in his favorite color blue. I have problems in buying shoes for my son because of his "big foot". He's 4 and he's already wearing youth sizes. I was little hesitant in purchasing because I was concerned if it was going to be too small/too big. I purchased size 1 youth and it fits him perfectly. It has just enough room for him to wear it and to grow into it some more. The style is nice, It has a rugged inside that will grip your child's foot and a rugged sole to prevent skidding. Love the design. Big plus also for the packaging.
B005FI1VE6 Way too large These must run big so beware--we needed to return them.  Like the shoe but fear the next size down would be too small.  Need half sizes
B005FM5Q3O Too big Very big shoe size, looks nice though.  I would recommend to buy based on price.  Very comfortable too and easy access
B005FM5Q3O Shoes are too big I read the reviews before ordering and ordered one size up as suggested. The shoes are way too big! I can see if your child has fat feet maybe you could buy a size up and have these work but if your child has normal average feet buy these true to size. Maybe we can use these next year. I didn't want to deal with returning them.
B005FM5Q3O the sandals are too big for size 8 we will be returning it --it is too big for size 8 and our kid did not like them unfortunately
B005GY9ROU BIG I am 9, so i bought 9. but it is too big for me. I should have bought 8.5 in this model, but there was not 8.5.
B005LCQYYS Three Stars No a big deal on person, but looks ok!
B005MI8CPK Shoes are great, but at least 1 or 2 sizes too big! The shoes are really nice, comfortable and look exactly as pictured EXCEPT that they were massively too big for me, I'm talking maybe 2 sizes too big.I'm usually on the large size of US8.5 or US9 and I got a US8.5 and they were huge. So I'm thinking I prob should have got a 7.5 or even a 7. Shame because the shoes are really nice and they should mention the weird sizing. Also I got regular width and they were pretty darn wide, so unless your feet are super fat I wouldnt get the extra wide ones.
B006T2Z940 good workmanship if you buy the wide size, they run a tad big. Took a week or two to break in, much more comfortable now then first used.
B006T2Z940 Boot Review The Boots are great but are a big size which really isnt too much of an issue - wear thicker Socks
B006T307QE It's okay... Felt heavy & one size too big. Soles were too high for my preference. Looks well built. I returned them for another brand. Great service Amazon.
B006T307QE Seemed good, but not what I needed I wanted an all around walking boot for snow and rain etc.  But this boot is fairly stiff.  Otherwise, seemed good if for a hardier purpose, like an everyday construction boot (which I think is what it is designed for).Also was a bit big on me, and although I sometimes run a half size smaller, I felt they were more like a whole size too big.Again, seemed like a sturdy product though.
B006T32HSK awkward size The insulation makes them feel smaller than regular timberlands which typically run big. The outside of the boot is huge compared to others, could barely get boot cut jeans over them.
B006T32TKG Becareful on size These boots felt really comfortable out of the box but they were a bit too big.  I wear a 13 in Rocky boots/Nike sneakers and the 13 from Timberland ran a bit big, I am returning and getting the 12 hoping they aren't too small.  They did feel a little clumsy like one of the other reviews also stated.  Will update on the size difference after I get the 12's
B006ZGV9LM BIG The boot is nice...they just fit a little big.  It would have looked nicer if I could have purchased the right size.
B006ZGV9LM Actual size too small, half size too big I took the advice to size up. It was too big so I thought that my actual size would fit. No luck. It is a beautiful shoe, but it was odd to not find a good fit with either.
B006ZIGRXA Great Quality I love the boot but when I read the reviews I was under the impression that the sizes run a bit narrow and small. So I got half a size up and it is too big. Not uncomfortably too big, but too big nonetheless. Other than that, great quality boot.
B006ZIGT4C comfortable, but a little big These boots are comfortable without being very ugly.  The two notable things though are that they have absolutely no arch support - but putting in over the counter inserts fixed that, and they seem to run a bit big. I normally wear a 6.5, and they slide around on my feet a lot, especially in thinner socks. Despite the sliding, they haven't caused any blisters though, even on long walks.
B006ZTTV1O Great boot. This is my second pair and I love them. Water proof as well the size on these run about 1 size big.
B006ZTTV1O Get all three colors! I fell in love with these boots when I bought the red/brown ones. They are so comfortable, I literally wear them to work everyday. Wore them 12 hours straight, they passed that test. I get compliments all the time. They run about 1/4 to 1/2 bigger, I personally like that they run a little big because of how long I wear them. The extra room allows for my feet to expand comfortably.
B006ZTTX44 Size runs big The 10.5 fits like an 11. Other than that, these are super comfortable.  You can wear them to work if you are on your feet all day.
B006ZTY754 run big very comfortable but run very big. i wear a 13 in practically everything but these were huge. ordered a 12 and they fit very nicely.
B0070SH5G2 Great Shoes!!! These boots are really comfortable, fits well and look great.  I had to get a half size big since Timberlands run a little narrow on my feet, but I couldn't be more satisfied with these boots.
B0070SPKZU Very comfortable boots! I needed a pair of boots that allowed me working and be casual at the same time, yes they are! They do not need break in period, they're comfortable since the first second, they run a little big so half size less will be enough specially if you are planing to wear them with thick socks. I will recommend them.
B00711UNWG The sizing is off I ordered a 5.5 before and it was too big and when i tried to change it I had to pay an additional amount which I did got the new pair and its still way to big and these are the this is my exact size
B00711UNWG Large sizing I ordered a 5.5 for my medium width size 7 sometimes 7.5 or 8 foot. It was still too big. The fleece lining goes throughout the interior of the shoe and on insole. The overall fit was wide, flat, and big. I think size 5 would have been better for me. Unfortunately, I had to return because the right boot was defective. There was a lump protruding from the insole. Prices had jumped up, so did not reorder.
B00711UNWG Great!!! I got them on time and I like the fact they are somewhat to big my bay girl can grow into them!!!
B0071BD33M A little big as expected but what an awesome boot We ordered this in 5.5 as my infant wears a 5 expecting it to either run small and it would fit perfectly.  Well it runs just as sized as it is a little big for my little one.  Not too big where he can no use it now which he has (just thicker socks). The boot looks great and has a very solid feel to it.  My little guy even walks better with it on as it has a very good platform to it.  Very pleased with purchase.
B0072AE45S Run big These shoes are the same size and similar style as timberland shoes I bought in the past.  These are significantly larger.
B0072AE45S Great boots. They are great but fit a little big even if I wear 2 pairs of socks, even though I'm always 10.5 shoe.
B0072AE45S Great boots but they run on the larger side. These boots are made very well and look great but they are a too big so you may wish to size down a 1/2 size.
B0077635G6 Timberlands are Great. This boot fits large. I returned the 1st pair size 15, and got a size 14. Most timberlands run a size big.
B007782V1O Like it It is really pretty and waterproof. I like it. It's just a little bit big for me.. I wish they have black for 6
B007782V1O Runs big I&#34;m generally an 8, I would have taken a size (US) 7.5 in this boot. Even with thick socks, the boot is a little big. Otherwise a nice boot, good quality laces and sole.
B0077SY810 Love the boots but wait too big. I love the boots but they were way too big I'm usually size 12, but had too return this and exchange for 1 full size down, still waiting for those to arribe and try. Also they run on the narrow side, fine for me with narrow fit but anyone with wider or normal fit should ask for the wider ones.
B0077SY810 Good Quality, Runs 1/2 size too big Really nice quality boot. However, they run a 1/2 size too big. My husband wears a 12.5 US in boots, which, does not exist. This shoes were actually a 13.5 US when we ordered the 13.0 US. Unfortunately, these will have to go back. Good Amazon store with no issues though!
B0077SY810 A little too large just a little  too large. I  Wish they came in 12 & 1/2. I need to wear a few pairs of socks for them to be comfortable. However they feel like a big boot on your foot
B007JTUNAW is ok I order this for my 12 y old son but after I got the item was big so I have to keep it one full year  now he start  wearing this boots he said is ok but I feel still big on his foot even by looking at his feet I can tell is big  but made very good and looks very good  but I don't know the size is totally different than the stores .
B00828VKFQ great comfort the shoes fit slightly big but are very comfortable and supportive. With time we will see if they hold up.
B00828VKFQ Not very comfortable Unfortunately, this is the second pair I had to send back. I am normally an 8 1/2 or a 9, depending on the style of shoe. Ordered the 9 and they were way to big, exchanged them for an 8 1/2 and they were still a little big and very uncomfortable for a work shoe. Just sent them back this morning for a refund.
B00828VKFQ They squeak! Shoes are comfortable however they run a little big.  The thing I don't like is that they squeak when I am walking.
B00828VKFQ so disappointing I love these shoes, but they don't love me!  Size 9 too small, 10 too big.  Ordered 9.5 online.  It's too big also -- slips right off.  Very disappointing because they seem to be very well-constructed.  I really wanted these to be my new work shoes.  :(
B008M27754 timberland runs big, but they vary I have owned a pair of these sandals for several years and love them. They were on sale at a great price and i ordered a new pair. I usually wear an 11 1/2 in a shoe and took a 10 m in this and they fit great. the salesman said timberland always runs big and he was right. I ordered a 10m  this time and they are snug. I am hoping that they will stretch a little and get more comfortable. This is why I still like to go to a shoe store and get fitted.
B008M27UHO To big These shooes aretrying nice leather, they look Good, but wen trying then on they were too big. I had to sell them to someone else as I had to travel out of the country.
B008M2MGSC Good Its a bit big but it was a bargain compared to buying the pair here in NZ.
B008M2MGSC To big I got my size but they were much to big for me and I didn't like them... I like the shoes just not how big they feel and look.
B008M2MGSC great boot fits perfect an light weight. i use them to work in. purchase the size you ware not a half size bigger are they will be to big.
B008M2ZFQW great light shoe these shoes rock but the do run big so order down a size, look and feel is as expected from a solid company like Timberland.
B008MHR6D2 Good product Half size too big. Other than that good shoes . Great color just the shoes run a little bigger than I expected
B008N6YJKA Three Stars Too big............I really don't know the size of US shose.
B008UTB02K Very nice, but run big! Nice shoes, good quality, run large in size. Seems to be comfortable even though runs large in size. Kind of pricey for shoes that will be outgrown in a year. Maybe 2 since they are big!
B008V47G1S Very comfortable! I am very happy with these shoes.  They seem  well made and are extremely comfortable.  Excellent choice for summer.  I tried on a pair in a store, so I knew what size to order.  I usually wear a 7 1/2, but took a 7 in this shoe.  It seemed to run just a tiny bit big to wear without socks.
B008VD3M4E kate These boots run big. I had to return them for smaller size an now they fit perfect. Only thing I didn't like is that it took longer than expected to get here other than that I'm satisfied I love these boots :-)
B0091QISZS too big too big no one help me for the size i want to return it can i change it with out any fee
B00943M2F0 Just what I needed! Needed a replacement bag after the one I had broke at the airport! This fit the bill perfectly! Found it's big brother locally but didn't need one quite that big.
B009PNJW5C Most boots run big! Most boots seem to run a little big! Most people i know already know this before they get a pair and get a half size smaller then what they normally where! Cool boots though really like them!
B00A2WJ8CW way too big! Way too big....they are marked 12, but for like 13.... Very unhappy. Never had this issue before. Sitting on my floor.
B00AAXUY4O I love them, but go down 1 whole size these boots run BIG! I downsized a whole number (from 10 to 9) so they could fit OK. Otherwise a great product.
B00AH8FPS2 Good buy I'm a big fan of Timberland and I love these boots. I have 3 pair in different colors, and looking to but one more.
B00AQMB9O8 size runs big These were ordered for a gift, size was a woman's not a childs - too large!  Cannot fairly review the quality of the product.
B00AQNPMGS So great ! These worked were for my daughters birthday ! They were as exactly what I thought ! She loves them !!! Fits great ! I got a size bigger .. So tad bit big but purposely got them like that ! So happy
B00AR58UIC Perfect! Although these are big kids I went to the nearest foot locker and tried on the same exact boot I so I knew my size. I recommend to get 1-2 sizes smaller than your actual size cause that's how big kids sizes run. They were perfect; exactly as what I expected! Even though they aren't suede like regular Tim's they're completely waterproof and I really liked the texture of the boots. :-)
B00AR58UIC ... didnt take long to come and they fit perfectly fine I wear a size 6 in big kids and ... These timbs are so cute didnt take long to come and they fit perfectly fine I wear a size 6 in big kids and they have a little space in the front but that's good I can have them for a longer time
B00AR58UIC Timberland lack boots They were like the perfect shoes they're just too big for me. I didn't know they ran big in sizes.
B00AR58UIC Great deal, but runs a little big What a great deal. The boot was already being discounted and in addition, I was able to use the 30% promo.  I am a women's size 8, youth 6.5.  However this 6.5 felt a little big.  Not big enough for me to try and exchange but I think the 6 would've been a perfect fit.  Arrived quickly and well packaged.
B00AR58UIC TOO BIG They where too big I understand some shoes run big but this shoe run large so if buy this boot buy it a size smaller
B00AR58UIC Good shoes but just too big Too big and was hard to walk in so we have to return them but not a bad shoe for a child
B00AR58UIC run big I ordered these with another set of timberlands and these were extremely big compared to the other ones i ordered, but the box and the shoes were in great condition. My son will be able to fit them next year!
B00AR58UIC Good Love the shoes, just didn't know they run that big. Normally I get a size 7 in youth but I was told they run big so I got a size 6.5. They're still a little big but I'm very satisfied.
B00AR59MBQ Nice boots, good quality. Nothing wrong with them, they were just too big for my little guy.  Would recommend for others though.  Shipped very quickly too!
B00AW8JG9G Too big for skinny calf Still too big for a skinny calf - ~ 14 inch for size 9 shoeLeather and craftsmanship looked nice, but too big of gaps.
B00AZPO90W Nice solid boot Like: semi-lug rubber sole with good traction, thick leather, fairly high ankle length, Timberland name, 30% cyber Monday discount. Like less: they do run big. My true size is 12 1/2- most 12's are too small, 13's too big. This 12 is roomy, with the width ok but the length extending at least an inch beyond my toes. Comfortable but they look kind of funny. Also the laces will not stay tied- I'm going to have to change them.I walked all over Santa Fe when they were brand new and they were very comfortable with good traction. Not a hiking boot but not dressy- perfect for city trekking.
B00AZPOIF8 Size runs a little big Looks like the shoes are well made just one size too big. I will exchange them for one size smaller.  One shoe did make a popping sound when walking but I think it was the non slip gripping on the floor.
B00AZPOIF8 good but runs big.very big. they are good but runs large. very large ( 13 size are much bigger then i expected.actually it's huge ).
B00AZPPEQ0 Big, but good. Comfortable shoe, I really like the color! They seem to run large, I usually wear a 10 (9.5 from time to time) but I had to return these in a 10- the 9 fits perfect. (Not even a little bit snug.)
B00AZPPEQ0 just want to change the size, co'z it's to big hi,it's there anu posible that i can change the size of the timberland, because it's to big for my eldest son, he need a size 7, please can you help me how i will sent it back to replace a new size, hope to hear from your good company, thank you..
B00AZPPEQ0 The shoes are certainly big The shoes certainly run big and because they are a little higer they are rubbing my ankels.  I assume they will break in like other shoes and well get a little more comfortable but for now they are a 3 of 5.  I feel like I can't tighten the ankle up enough because of where the laces are located so my foot rocks around in the shoe some.
B00AZPPEQ0 Comfy and a little big. Good but note they run big. It's sure comfy though.stylish and simple, theyAre good for a variety of occasions.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great boots, fit big These bad boys fit pretty big. Order half to a full size smaller. These are sweet though. Awesome boots get them
B00AZPQV6C nice boot - buts was at least 1 size too big Quality and feel are outstanding. The boots were way too big. I have other Timberland in same size that fit well.
B00AZPQV6C Great Boots These are great boots for the price.  Durable, stylish, etc - just know they run a little big.  I am a 12 who probably could have got by with an 11.5.
B00AZPQV6C beautiful but too big I live in the north. I usually wear a size 10, and it was said that the boot runs big so I ordered a 9.5. in reality I should have ordered an 8.5. The pain is that the difference in price between the 8.5 and 9.5 was $68. So I stuck with the 9.5 and just wear thicker socks on a big boot. boots feel great though! very warm for MA.
B00AZPQV6C Great winter boot for getting around the city I am very happy with these boots. I wanted something that would look good with a suit walking to / from work. They look great. I went with the black boots and found them to be very sharp and stylish. People generally recommended going down one full size since they fit on the big side. I went down half a size and I still found them to be a little too big but not too bad all in all. Also notable is that they are waterproof and warm, and I find them to be an overall comfortable winter boot.
B00B1JUFQS Too big Usually my size...these run a full size big...trying to Return with the company I purchased them through. So far no luck.
B00B822FHK great shoes My son normally takes size 11, but I knew that Timberland runs big. We bought 10.5 and it fits nicely.
B00B822FHK Run a little big. Bought similar pair in black size 11, for some reason these are too big for my feet.
B00B823WE0 Really good looking shoe! Because of the advice of previous reviews I ordered a half size up and it was too big. Shoes run true to size.
B00B9PIUS4 Way too large I would've been very happy with these boots, but they are way too big and now I have to resell. What a pain!
B00B9PIUS4 Nice shoe but too big I like Timberland and I really like the Earthkeepers but I had to send them back because the size 11.5 were more like 12s. If you get these shoes make sure you size down because they run large. Very nice boot though.
B00B9PIUS4 Way too big! I bought these boots for my boyfriend who usually wears a size 9.5, but when they arrived they looked like size 11s! I promptly exchanged them for a size 8.5, and they fit him perfectly. I didn't listen to the other reviews which stated that the boots run big, but I definitely should have. Otherwise, the boots are very nice and from what I've been told they are extremely comfortable as well!
B00B9PIUS4 Ran too big I originally purchased these in a 10.5 for my brother since he used that size another pair of old tims he had. When he got the shoes they we way too big for him. We went to the timberland store and he ended up being a 9.5. If you plan on purchasing these shoes (they're look GREAT btw) try to go half a size or a size smaller. My brother is constantly snowboarding really likes that these shoes not only look great but are comfy and keep his feet pretty warm.
B00B9PJBDC Great casual boot I wear a 14 but got a 13 because timberlands run big.  They are very comfortable. Wife thinks they look good so that is a plus.
B00B9PM53U nice boot fit a bit big, looked a little cheaper than the picture online did. overall happy though.  will do the job
B00B9PM53U Over exceeded my expectations! Amazing fit as most timberlands I purchased in the past were always a half size too big these were right on the money! Great price too as I purchased these during the cyber Monday sale with 30% OFF!
B00B9PM56C way too large already wear size 12 in other timberland boots and these are at least 1-1/2 sizes too big. otherwise good looking boot.
B00B9PS9VC The shoes looks good, fits well but the opening area is too big... The shoes looks good, fits well but the opening area is too big therefore your foot would not stay in place.
B00B9U37LO Good ones I had timberland boots size 11. So I ordered the same size expecting it to fix perfect. What I can say is that these boots are very comfortable and light weight, but they look and feel BIG!
B00BB7BX66 Solid buy A little but big for some reason but not too big, I like them all the same I think they're a good compromise between practical and sociable
B00BCJXLHW nice boots These boots are comfortable and cute.They run a little big as I wear a 7 and with heavy socks I still have plenty of room.
B00BCJXLHW timberland boots Excellent boots.they are warm and very comfortable.i get lots of compliments.i hot it in size 9. A little to big but not a big deal.
B00BCJXLHW SIZED WAY TOO BIG! Very well made and comfortable but we had to return because they were sized about two sizes too big.  Sadly, we could not find this color in the size we needed so in the end we returned these and ordered nothing.
B00DYQP7NM Three Stars The review suggests to order 1/2 bigger; but it turns out to be too big.
B00DYQVWZ4 Too big I am usually a true size 7, but these 7s were too big, and my foot slid around in them. Even aside from the size problem, I did not find them as comfortable as other reviewers. The leather was a little stiff, but that may have changed with wearing.  Unfortunately, I had to send them back.
B00DYQWBHW Love them! Great quality and good looks.They run a little big but I wear an 11.5 so this works well for me.
B00E41Y0E8 Shoes fit big I bought these shoes in my normal size,  way too big. So I bought one size smaller,  just a little tight.  However I like the shoes so much that I can stretch them out.
B00E41Z6YQ Review The shoes run a little big.  The soles are super comfortable but will turn the tops of your socks brown.
B00E4RYH1S Too big to actual sise They are lovely but fit too big I would suggest to get a size or size in a half smaller
B00GNZFWA4 Great boot Great boot just size ran about half a size to big . I will reorder same one soon at a higher price of course
B00GNZFWA4 Nice fitting, a little heavy weighing in at 2.5 lbs EACH, A little heavy, but fits just right. I have rather large feat...15 EE...you know what they say, big hands big feet...big gloves big shoes ! As soon as I put them on they felt right, very form fitting. Today was the first big test, seven inches of snow so far, and I felt real secure in them, and my feet were DRY
B00H46N3TI Great if you have a big foot The biggest problem with all no-see socks is that some stay on and some fall off when you wear them.  The 2 factors that most influence this are size and material.  This materials is pretty good and the socks have stick pads that help keep them in place.  The negative is that as one size fits all they are a little big for me and I wear a size 10.5 (46) shoe.  If you wear mens 11 or bigger I recommend them highly, if you wear a shoe size smaller than 10 I would try a different brand.
