B000073TM3 Boots just as described These are perfectly comfortable, I have had these boots before, so I knew I could not go wrong and the price was within my budget. I wear a ladies 5.5-6 and the 4.5 big kids fit great!
B000073TM3 Great boots I have a 3 year old who is hard on shoes. These are good inexpensive boots that last a while . Its definitely worth the money
B00009WM7J great boots!! I ordered my boots a week ago I am in Canada the delivery date was expected to be feb 28 I'm pleased to say I received them today super fast delivery the boots look and fit great I am a size 8 in women's ordered a 6.5 in big kids and they fit with a bit of extra room for comfort. I am very pleased with my purchase!!
B00009WM7J Messed up I paid good money for these boots and they were sent to me as worn not new and all scratched up. But the boots are very nice just thought I was buying new and they are used.
B00009WM7J Nice boots The boots I ordered were for my grandson.  He loved them and they fit him perfectly.  They are made out of very sturdy leather.  I am sure he will get lots of wear out of them.
B00009WM7J these are my favorite boots they are pretty comfortable, i have been wearing timberlands since i was younger, around 18, i have worked with these types of boots also, they do look nice. i recommend them
B0000AFSX4 My grandson's Timberland Boots I purchased these boots for my grandson and he loves them.  His father is very pleased, because he has a pair as we'll.
B0000AFSX4 Hot baby boots Love em! Baby name brand boots, u can't go wrong. They are a size up coz they are boots of course. But great growing room
B0000AFSX4 Great boots for kids We bought these as part of our 3-year-olds construction birthday gift. Totally worth it. You are paying for the quality, but if you live somewhere with moderate winters (such as outer-DC) then they work as winter boots. We had to exchange for a larger size though. These are the kind of boots you buy if you want to be able to hand them down to a younger sibling or cousin or friend - at least twice!
B0000AFSYY Great Boots After looking for a long time we were able to find the boots we were looking for.  thanks again!!
B0000AT8CK Great boots Great boots, very classic and have gotten many compliments on them. They retail for NZD$330 in shops here but Amazon gave a good deal and so I claimed them for $170, which is excellent!They arrived a few days faster than expected, in good condition, no marks or scuffs.However, I did order a size or half a size down as I am usually an 8 or 8.5 [measures around 25cm] and got a 7.5 which fit very well. Snug if I wear thickish sports socks which is how I like it since they style is to wear them loosely laced.I've used these for a week and a half now and your feet may take some getting used to the boots, as they tend to be fairly heavy. This is my first foray into buying a Timberland product, or any kind of waterproofing boot [which is perhaps not particularly useful here in New Zealand] and I'm very happy with my purchase.
B0000AT8CK Best Boots ever!! I love these boots.  The first day I wore them. I was a little bit worried, because I had a store walk planned for the day.  I didn't know if I would get blisters, but I never did!!  These boots are SO comfortable right off the bat, and are now my go-to boots anytime I know I'll be on my feet all day.The construction and quality are amazing.  The leather is so soft and very beautiful and VERY durable.The boots fit slightly bigger than the size stated (I'm normally a perfect 8- these had a little extra wiggle room in the toes- this wasn't a bad thing, but just something to keep in mind if you're teetering on what size to order).Overall, I was extremely satisfied with these boots, and will be ordering Timberlands again
B0000AT8CK great looking boots this boots arrived just today and they fit perfect, i ordered a 9.5 W and i must say i mostly use 10.5 size shoes so you might want to consider ordering one size less for timberland boots. well with that said, this boots look great and really are very confortable.
B0000AT8CK Great boot but not crazy about the look I just recieved my new Timberlands and although I love the boots I'm a little dissapointed in the look. I have a pair of the Wheat Nubuck which really love the look of but this time I bought the Black Smooth boot (which looked great in the pics) but when I put on the new boots the look of the black leather looked more like black rubber. I thought about returning the boots and getting the Nubuck but decided to keep them and am hoping that after I beat them up a little they will start to look like black leather and not rubber. But the boots are very comfortable and I will continue to buy Timberland in the future.
B0000DFAXV Rugged boots these boots are exactly what i was looking for. They are alitte heavy since i have a small frame but that is a good work out for the legs.
B0000DFAXV Not happy The seller sent me the wrong tracking # to my package. When i finally did receive my boots, they did not come in the correct box. I was giving these as a gift and the box was all scratched up. Also the boots were to large to fit in the box they gave me. I don't even know how i will wrap these. The boots also had several scuff marks on them already. Very displeased and a waste of money.
B0000DFAXV Well worth the money and comfortable These boots last a very long time. They're pretty comfortable and just need a little breaking in.  I'll recommend them to my friends
B0002RDYMC cool boots I bought these for my 8 year old for the colder weather approaching.  The boots are so light he wears them on regular days too.  Says they are "comfy-cozy" on his feet.
B0007T4IGG Love these boots! These Boots are comfy, quality, and they look good. What's not to like? You can't find  better work boots than these!
B000AKVA6I no slip and comfortable to wear When getting ready for a trip up north to visit with my wife's family I decided I needed some no-slip boots and happened upon the Timberland Wellington boots, the price was pretty reasonable for the brand so I thought I'd give them a try. It ended up snowing nearly every day for about two weeks up in Nebraska, and I never once had any trouble walking about in these boots nor did I have any issues with water seepage. I'm immensely happy with these comfortable yet rugged boots and highly recommend them to anyone in need of work boots with a sure grip.
B000AKVA6I Nice boots These boots are very comfortable and they have not even been broken in yet.  Will be using them for riding on my motorcycle.
B000AKVA6I TIM boots These boots are workhorses.  The finish is good and the soles are super durable.  It is highly recommended that a thicker sock be worn with these boots.  You must go up a half size to just get the boots on.
B000AKVA6I very comfortable boots were very comfortable right out of the box unlike every other boots i have ever owned. seem like nice boots already, deffinetly great high quality boots
B000AKVA6I Boots do not breathe at all I bought these for riding my bike and working at the factory. However, I sit at a desk a good deal of the time. Since, these boots do not breathe at all if you are walking around a lot or wear thick socks your feet will be sweating a ton. I personally do not enjoy these boots do not recommend them.
B000AKVBCQ Love 'em! This is my first pair of the low rise Timberlands.  I am a woman and I must purchase men's sneakers and boots due to having a wider foot.  Women's shoes just do not fit me.  I work outside and am on my feet all day.  These boots lend plenty of support and protection and the re-inforced toe is comfortable and does not create an issue as some reinforced toes/boots would.  I am thoroughly impressed with the Timberland boots!
B000AKVBFI great boots These boots are better then expected. Very comfortable and the quality appears to be top notch. Would recommend to anyone!
B000AKVBFI Great boots Love these boots. Bought them to replace an old pair I had. My only complaint would be that the new shoelaces are much thinner than they used to be. Otherwise, boots very comfortable and durable.
B000AKVBFI great boots for work or play Ive worn steel toed boots for 20+ years and these are one of the most comfortable boots ive ever worn i recommend these to anyone
B000AKVBFI nice boots Very nice boots, only for the shell, very heavy boots, but i love, and i order a new boots timberland hyperion i think this is more ligthweitgh, Many thanks i receive in time and the boots i buy to you. Many thanks
B000AKVBFI Order Carefully! I loved the look and feel of these boots - but had to send them back as they are definitely NOT "Hiker" boots: they are STEEL TOED! They probably make great work boots, but I was buying them for an extended (250 mile) hike, so the extra weight would have been a killer.
B000AKVBFI steel toes Just got my boots in earlier than expected (3 days), which is always good! I decided to go back to my old favorites when I found out I would be paying the difference of $70 for boots supplied by the supplier my company uses. I thought, I can do better. The boots I have been using, which were Hytest, are just not as comfortable as these, I had to buy an insert to provide more cushioning for the Hytest boots. My feet stared to hurt after a few months of wear, so when I was finally able to get knew boots and found out how much my part would be, I started looking online and found my old favorites at an excellent price. Can't wait to start using these again and get some foot support. Thank you Amazon for getting them to me in just a few days!
B000B2G1MI Nice boots I love these boots and bought in two different sizes for each of my boys. They're good boots so far. They've only worn them since Christmas so I can't comment as to how well they'll stand up yet. We've always spent the extra money to buy timberland boots because they last.
B000B2HQ5O Timberland Boots for toddlers These are the cutest and best made boots-a 10 all the way around. We will be passing these boots down to other kids.
B000BB15ZC Great boots. These boots fit well and are light weight.  Also one of the few that were available in a large size.
B000BB15ZC my timberland boots I wanted a pair of boots that did not weigh a lot and these did it for me since I have very bad knees I cannot use heavy boots anymore
B000BB15ZC Comfortable and waterproof boots These boots are very Comfortable, but looked very ugly, I prefer to call them Worker boots to Hiker boots. And I had owned a pair of Scarpa Hiking Boots, that are the really Hiking Boots. However, they are very comfortable and much more cheaper.
B000BB15ZC Buy these boots I purchased these boots and went for my first hike in them today, they were comfortable, it was like hiking on pillows. They fit well and the price is well worth it. I know that once I wear these out I will buy another pair.
B000BB15ZC Very Comfortable, great looking.... Huge design flaw I love these boots, I really wish they were designed better.  The first time I put on the boots they felt broken in, I wore them all day, and did not take any time to break in.  However I don't wear these boots that often.  Usually just for rainy days, and in Southern California, that is not very often.  After I would say 5-10 days of wearing the boots, the inside fabric on the boot by my arch has started to fray.  And not on just one side, but both sides.  So it is not an instance where maybe I caught one boot on a nail.  The other thing is the eyelets on the boots are starting to fray the laces.  I'm not pulling a MacGuyver and using these laces to shimmy down a zip line either, I am lacing up my boots and It is only a matter of time before the laces snap.I will probably send back to Timberland to swap them out, from reading some other reviews it does not sound like an isolated incident.
B000BB15ZC Fantastic I've been through many boots and these are just amazing.They breath well and are very very very comfortable for me.
B000BB15ZC Worst boots ever! Hot! Bad liner! I received these as a gift and they are awful.  A main reason I put them on my wish list was that they were supposed to be breathable.  They are not.  At all.But my biggest complaint is 1 that Timberland is going to hear about.  I don't know if the pair that I got is defective or if they're all like that but the sock liner was not glued to the roof of the boot in the toes.  It hung loose in both boots and was very uncomfortable.  And I think greatly contributed to the boots being very hot.  Now after I've worn them several times & my feet have soaked themselves in sweat the liner has all bunched up and dried.If Timberland won't replace them then these $90 boots are going in the trash & I won't ever buy Timberland products again.
B000BB15ZC Very good boots Just received these boots. No lie -- I put them on out of the box and walked 23 miles in them. No blisters (right fit... and the right socks.. very important!) no overly sore feet ( good support).These miles were walked on city sidewalk pavement.. unforgiving stuff. I recommend these boots. Can't speak to durability yet.
B000BB15ZC I've owned a lot of boots....these might be the last ones I buy I've been in the military as well as done some hiking so I'v worn my share of boots. I have wide feet also...size 14 to boot (pun alert). Anyway, these boots are super comfortable and I just had my second pair arrive in Iraq. You can always return them if you don't like them...they great boots though and your feet will be happy.
B000BB15ZC Best boots for the bucks I bought my first pair of these boots in October 2005 and just replaced them with another pair today (March 2007). The old ones had about 1700 miles on them and were getting a bit worn out. My job involves walking most of the day through people's yards and sometimes cross-country. These boots are light, comfortable right out of the box, and waterproof. In nearly 31 years on the job I've never had any boots as comfortable as these, and I've worn just about all the brands out there.I'm also a backpacker and would recommend these for all but the toughest hikes.
B000BB15ZC Great boots but the laces... Excelent boots, light, extremely confortable, better than many running shoes I've had in many ways. I don't even remember that I'm wearing boots. But... I've used them just a few times and the strings are already getting torn due to friction against the eyelets. Fear they won't last much...
B000BB15ZC Best boots since I left the Army.... Great boots broke em in a day. Great support my feet felt like I was wearing combat boots but with a lot of freedom A +
B000BB15ZC Timberland Boots These are and exceptional value. They fit great out of the box. No break-in time. Very comfortable!!!!!!!! Would recommend these Boots to family, and friends alike.
B000BB15ZC Great boots for those weekend excursions The first time I hiked in these boots we hike the Ohlone Wilderness Trail, near Livermore CA. The Trail is rated as strenuous, which is no joke, very steep incline that goes on forever. Coming back is very steep downhill to where you feel like you toes will run out the end of your boots. These Timberland boots held up extremely well. This hike was a true test of the durability of these shoes. I cannot say anything about how waterproof they are, as this area is very dry. These boots are very comfortable as long as you get the proper size. I recommend these boot, for the comfort - definitely a 10 and durability. Of course I have only had these boots out for one very strenuous hike but I was impressed at how comfortable they are and they breath very well. Even though the temperature was around 101 degrees, my feet did not get all sweaty and uncomfortable. The boots took a beating and when I got back I cleaned them up to see how well they faired and they still look great.
B000BB15ZC best purchase ive made in awhile! the laces dont seem as durable as other boots ive worn, but they havent failed me yet. the thing i love most about these boots is; although their hiking boots, they fit & feel like your wearing sneakers. their very light & super comfortable.
B000BB15ZC Very comfortable, not very durable I found these boots in the store one day and they seemed perfet for my job.  My employer requires us to wear black shoes/boots as part of our uniform since we are out in the public.  These were the most comfortable boots I have ever worn even the first time I put them on.  The issues I have are 1.) shoelaces.  The laces that came with the boots broke within the first week that I have them.  I replaced these laces with a set I got from a pair of Columbia boots I threw out ten years ago.  Those laces have been used in six pairs of boots now, maybe Timberland and all other boot manufacturers should put more regard in the laces than they do. Laces are a very important factor to me when buying boots.  If they skimp on laces, what else do thbey skimp on 2.) Durability.  I bough these in October 2010.  I have worn them every work day since.  Both boots have developed tears where the cloth and leather are stitched together.  Unfortunately I suffer from diabetic neuropathy so I can no longer wear the boots in this condition.  I would like to see Timberland create a boot with the durability to match it's superior comfort.  I am reluctant to buy another pair because I suspect I will be buying yet another pair in 4-5 months.
B000BB15ZC BUY THESE TIMBERLAND BOOTS I love Timberland boots... this is my third pair.  They just came today, they're super comfortable, and Gor-tex can't be beat for waterproofing. And the seller shipped very quickly.  You will be very happy with these boots.
B000BB15ZC Light weight and comfortable This boots fits very comfortable but i yet to put it to the test where i will be using it to hike up a mountain about 5000 feet. When i return i an give a proper review of the boots. What i also like about the boots it looks heavy but it's very light weight
B000BB15ZC Excellent Boot for the Price (and with Gor-Tex) These were my first pair of Timberland boots.  I purchased this boot for hiking and ordered a standard size 10 M which fit OK but I was concerned about the foot swelling that happens when you go backpacking or on long day hikes.  So I returned them for a 10 2E and the second pair fit great.  I went backpacking in rough country for two days and these boots were wonderful on my feet.  The great thing is that I didn't have time at home to wear the boots much to break them before I went backpacking (which is always advised with a new pair of boots) and I did not get a single blister or swore feet with these boots, even without breaking the boots in first.  They fit like a dream.  Bottom line, these are great boots and I plan on purchasing more Timberland's in the future.
B000BB15ZC Great Boots I love the Boots. They are comfortable and durable. I would encourage more people to purchase these boots for sure.
B000BB15ZC these are awesome things... I got these boots because I walk to my office, however the weather is and this is my first boots. To my surprise, it was raining the first day I started using it and I was amazed that my feet was dry as a bone and walm too. Now I know what a boots is over shoes :). These are very nice and comfortable. Fits perfectly and I have no uncomfortable feeling at all. Initially I thought they are bit expensive but I would say it is WORTH IT!!! If this worns off then I would get the same pair again. :) I strongly recommend it. They are GREAT!
B000BB15ZC Great Boots These boots fit great and very comfortable. I have recommended these boots to my friends. Timberland always make excellent boots.
B000BB15ZC good boots, design flaws The boots fit well. had to order a size 13 even though when i measure according to the size chart i am a size 14.The hooks for the laces keep getting caught in the hem of my denims. granted that these are hiking boots and the lace needs to be tied through all the hooks, but I do wear it on other occasions where i dont need to lace up  fully. My keen hiking boots have got two small snap type hooks that do not get caught when i wear them with the same pair of denims.Which brings me to the other con. The laces have started to fray within just two months. Did not expect this to happen. but if the boot last long enough i can overlook this flaw.all in all would recommend buying this if the price fell below $70.
B000BB15ZC Comfy and quiet I bought these boots to hike and to hunt, and I think these will be excellent for both.These boots are a little stiff at first, especially at the top! Don't dispair -- after you put a few miles on them though, they are fine.Spent last Saturday hiking, and stayed comfortable all the time. No blisters or calluses.I also noticed that these boots are pretty quiet, which will be important for hunting.
B000BFIHVS Great This is my first pair of timberland, amazing boots, very comfortable. after wearing these for a few days I don't like wearing my other shoes or boots from other brands.Looking to buy one more timberland shortly.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots. Just received these boots and they are comfortable right out of the box.  Seem to be well made, only time will tell how they hold up.
B000BFIHVS As expected I purchased these boots for heavy winter and they fit perfectly and are very comfortable to walk with. Highly recommended.
B000BFIHVS Great boots Had these boots shipped to APO AE and found them to be very comfortable and perfect for walking on rocks.
B000BFIHVS Lightweight, comfortable, great value for the price! At the start of last winter I bought a pair of Rockport winter boots. They were heavy, warm and got me through a really awful winter in southeast PA. (Global warming - HA! Based on the past several winters I think they got it right in the 70's when the predication was for a coming ice age.)However, they are not the type of boots you really want to wear in the spring and summer. Normally I buy Rockport shoes/boots because of the fit. I decided to take a chance on these Timberland boots and I'm glad I did.The boots are lightweight, yet appear to be sturdy. They were comfortable the minute I put them on which almost never happens with my feet. A few days of wear has confirmed my initial impression. In fact, this morning I put on my Rockport pro walkers and decided to switch to these boots instead.I didn't buy them for hiking, just general use. The price was right too. The Timberland boots were considerably less expensive than most other boots I looked at. I'm very satisfied with the purchase.
B000BFIHVS Happy Hubby I bought these for my husband who has weak ankles. He walks a lot at work and he has begun to hike regularly. My hubby tends to blow through shoes quickly and he has high arches and usually adds pads to his boots. No pads this time. He wore these right out of the box and hasn't complained once. These boots are hanging in there through a lot of abuse too. We will be buying more when the boots do finally wear out.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots This is my other half's fourth or fifth pair of these boots, and he LOVES them!  He says they are VERY comfortable, and work well on his motorcycle rides, even in the rain!  They wear really well...he is just hard on them.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe and great buy Was contemplating for a long time whether or not to buy the boots since I would foresee myself not wearing it after my winter exchange. Turns out i've used the boots more than I expected and will most likely bring it for all my trips since the boots are much more comfortable than just having my sneakers on, especially for long distances.
B000BFIHVS My husband loved them! I purchased these boots for him for Father's Day. He absolutely loved them, said they fit like slippers. We have a trip to Costa Rica planned in the next few months and I wanted him to get them in time to 'break' them in....I do not think there will be a need for that. He loves the way they look and the way they feel. When searching for hiking boots on Amazon, I read several reviews which is why I purchased these boots. They live up to ever positive review out there. I would definitely recommend these boots based on his reaction.
B000BFIHVS Very nice boots I am not an avid hiker but I like it when my feet don't ache before, during or after a hike.  I struggled to go up the mountain and ran down, the boots held up fine and they were light enough to not make me struggle to lift my feet.
B000BFIHVS Nice Boots Been wearing these boots for a week now at work, and they feel great. Boots are very soft and flexible and do not require any break in time at all.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots These boots are very comfortable and lightweight. They are the most comfortable boots I have had in the last 5 years. They seem well-built, and I hope they will prove as durable as they are good looking.
B000BFIHVS Light and comfortable!! These boots fit perfectly. They are lightweight, yet have a sturdy sole with good grip. I wear them to work on rainy days when there may be more mud than normal. I have insulated boots for winter, and opted for these as a non winter pair. The laces didn't last too long but I find that to be the norm with most new boots. I upgraded to a better quality lace and havent had a problem since. It appears I may get three summer seasons out of them. That too is normal in our area as we have lots of gravel drives, walkways and paths in our rural setting that wear hard on the soles. I am happy and will be looking for another pair in the future. RS
B000BFIHVS Great boots These boots were exactly what I was looking for, comfortable, waterproof and affordable. One of the laces was slightly frayed. I contacted Timberland, they have a free shoelace program. For any of their boots, any time.
B000BFIHVS white ledge boot Boots fit well,find them to be light feeling...much lighter than I'm use to,seem to be well made & comfortable !I had to wear my boots 5..6 times to start really feeling good...felt they were a little stiff at first but now they feelgreat ! I always treat my boots with mink oil before I even wear them,to me that always pays off ! I have 2 otherpairs of hikers...these fit the best & already are the most comfortable ...if they last a good while I'll be verypleased with the purchase . So why didn't i give them 5 stars !....price,I think all boot & shoe prices are nuts ,way to high !
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! I love these boots. Light and extremely comfortable. I bought a wider boot than I would normally wear in a street shoe which as it turned out is only slightly wider. It accommodates a heavier (warmer) sock. The fit is just right.
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots This is not my first pair of Timberland boots I had been wearing them for years. These boots or broke in and ready to wear straight out of the box. I would recommend these boots to anyone who wants a good fitting boot.
B000BFIHVS ready to wear these boots fit perfectly and wear like a glove, really like them. can wear them all day and no problems. would recommend to anyone.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots have changed size I returned the boots because they were too small. I am wearing a pair of older, discontinued Timberland boots that fit great and are as comfortable as could be. Same size as what I ordered and returned. Sole to sole the old boots are about 1/4 inch wider and about the same longer in length. I could barely get my feet in the new boots. Apparently Timberland has downsized there sizes. I guess I'll have to find a retail outlet that sells them and find my new size.
B000BFIHVS Nice looking, but cheap construction Don't be taken in by the smart look of these Timberland boots.  They do look great, are light weight, but they are badly made with little support, cheap soles, and an overall bad fit. Like wearing plastic boots.  Seriously.
B000BFIHVS I like my boots. I like the boots pretty well so far..I havnt got them broke in just yet.Give  me a couple more weeks and ask me again.
B000BFIHVS Confortable! ! I like it too much because is very light boots,  confortable and has a nice design. You can wear this boots the entire day. Recommend
B000BFIHVS Timberland Mt. Maddsen hiking boots These hiking boots were too tight in the toe box for my medium width foot.  They were returned for a prompt refund.  I have bought Timberland before without this problem.
B000BFIHVS You can't beat Timberland for quality. I bought both grandsons Timberland boots and got the size right with both boys. This pair went to the teenager and he liked them. We are having an uncharacteristically cold and snowy winter in Kentucky this year and the kids were glad to get their new boots.
B000BFIHVS great boots These are great boots.  Good fit, comfortable, with good grip.  I've been wearing Timberland for 20 years and have always been pleased with their long-lasting boots.
B000BFIHVS Better thane xpected Needed boots quickly and received them in great time. For inexpensive boots, they wear and fit better than expected. Not planning on replacing them until they wear out. Good deal.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Kicks Butt I have been all over looking for a pair of boots for hiking and just normal wear. I was suprised with some of the most expensive boots were so uncomfortable I couldn't stand them. I tried these on in a store because I have always had good luck with Timberland. I liked them , came home , ordered them on Amazon for a MUCH better price. They are fantastic. If you want a pair of boots.. buy these  !!
B000BFIHVS Comfortable boots -  highly recommend My husband received these boots and said they were very comfortable and that he would highly recommend them to others.
B000BFIHVS Great boots I love the boots.  Unfortunately I should've got a bigger size.  They are a little tight.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! I have had the boots for less than a week so it is hard to evaluate them this early, thus this review is subject to change.  I have worn them for 3 1/2 days and I am very pleased with every aspect of the boots that I can currently observe, thus I am giving them five thumbs ups. They are slowly forming to my feet, found them to be very comfortable and really support my ankle and legs. They are easy to get on and off which for an old man is a good thing. If the boots meet the waterproofing  and the seam aspects (where leather and rubber molding come together-- does not separate) my rating will stand.
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable boots I bought these boots because i thougth the quality would be better than other hiking boots and for my surprise it wasn't, because the first pair i bought, i had to ask for a replacement because the waterproof of these boots wasn't very good.  Then with the second pair, i haven't use them for long time, but they are doing it very good so far.Despite this incovenient, these are a very comfortable boots, the leather is from a very good quality and the sole it's very soft, thing that make the walk more pleasant.It would have to wait longer to see if the good things of these boots persist in time.
B000BFIHVS Good Price For Timberlands The good:I really like these boots. They didn't require much break in time at all. Plus, these are the first pair of boots I bought that didn't need extra padding insoles, which is good because they are just a tad on the small size. I usually wear a 9 or 9wide in shoes and a 9.5 in boots to have extra room for thicker socks. Will try a 9.5wide next time with these. I'm a package delivery driver and I am on my feet all day and these boots are very comfortable and look good too. I've had several customers comment on them and ask where I got them.The not so good or at least the we'll wait and see:I've only had them two months and there is already some pretty noticable wear on the soles. To be fair, my job requires that I am quite hard on my footwear. Also, the part of the sole that attaches to the toe area on my left boot is already starting to separate. So far I haven't noticed any water leaking in but they haven't been really tested on that in heavy rain or large puddles.I will most likely purchase again as long as the price stays competitive with other boots such as HiTech I've purchased in the past. The wear issue isn't any worse than the lesser named brand boots I previously owned and these are so very comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Timberland or Nothing I like the style and the way the boots fit. They are not heavy on your feet. I highly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots The shoe arrived as expected, size, color and quality all A+!! The boots are light, sturdy and most importantly very, very comfortable. I use these boots for work and they do not tire my feet.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge boots - great I really like these boots.  They fit perfectly and are light and comfortable.  The construction of the boots is very sturdy.  I have worn Timberland boots over the years and they stand up well in the demolition environment I work in. This is the first pair of Timberland hiking boots I've used. They're great for the hikes in the mountains.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots These are very comfortable boots. Glad I purchased them. I was concerned how they would fit without being able to try them on in advance but they fit very well.
B000BFIHVS Fortuitous purchase Every year I go to Acadia National Park in Maine.  This year, six hours into an eight hour drive, I remembered that I had forgotten to pack my hiking boots.  When I arrived I checked out an LL Bean outlet, they had nothing I wanted. I went to a discount store and tried on three pairs of boots. Fortunately for me, they had one pair of Timberland White Ledge boots and they were my size and width. They fit great the moment I tried them on. These are the most comfortable pair of hiking boots that I have ever worn. Not only that, but they have decent traction, offer good support, look great, and appear to be well made. I consider myself fortunate to have left my old worn out boots at home this year.
B000BFIHVS Good boots for working Not as comfortable as expected but does the job. A little more inside cushion would be great  for a 12 hour day work boots.
B000BFIHVS Great fit! These boots fit very well, but also wear more like shoes than boots. I will definitely buy Timberland boots again.
B000BFIHVS Great boots for a great value I bought these as my first set of hiking boots, but plan to use them for everyday wear when there is snow to be cleared or outside work to be done on the home.  These were Black Friday priced with coupon at less than half the retail price, so my favorite Black Friday special.  A couple of recommendations, if you have not worn hiking boots take it easy at first allowing your feet to adjust to the new boots and buy good qualify hiking socks for better comfort.  I love the grip on the bottom of these boots, while still using caution I have less fear of falling on a slippery surface.  They are water proof out of the box, but I would still treat them to keep the leather looking good over time.  They were lighter than I expected for boots, but still rugged enough for my needs.  I'm not a long distance hiker so these were more for shorter walks or working outside.  Haven't quite figured out how to keep the laces in the top two teeth on the boots but if I crisscross them then I only have to reattach the laces to the very top set of teeth.  The laces are a little slick so double knotting them keeps them from coming untied.  Overall love my new boots, a great name brand at less than the price of my tennis shoes.
B000BFIHVS great boots Now days I am more of a flip flops guys, but there are times I need to wear boots. I really lucked out finding these. They are very comfortable and took very little time to break in. Within a few hours they were comfortable and within a few days they felt perfect. The boots are well constructed, have great traction, and look to last for a long time.
B000BFIHVS nice I used these books for work and I had it for over a year now and it still does its job. I love these boots and now I know where to come back to when I need some more. I definitely recommend these boots because it does it job...Jerry Ayers
B000BFIHVS Good boots! Timbaland is always a good brand in producing shoes/boots. I like them so much. At first i found it from Zappos.com it was about  $89 there and hence i tried my luck to look up amazon and i got it for $65 dollars.It is a good pair of boots. I wore it for few days after i got it. It's cold out here, however, it keeps my feet warm in the cold. It is a very supportive boots, it suppoorts my ankle, very stable and solid walking feeling.I'd highly recommend whoever wants a highly durability shoes/boots to get this. I bet it will last me for more than a year with almost everyday use.
B000BFIHVS Good Boots I don't hike a lot, so these boots are perfect for me.  One boot fit perfectly and feels great; the other has a very slight rub spot on the side of my big toe that is diminishing as I use the boots more.
B000BFIHVS Excellent Hiking Boots at a reasonable price! &lt;Updated> Received these boots as a birthday gift given my old Merril boots were falling apart. It's been about a month of regular use, with a couple of hiking trips and these boots are great. They are light & rugged, with plenty of space for your toes. Arch support is great. No need to wear insoles. In short: No sore feet, no blisters. Looking forward to go camping with the family to put them through their paces.Update: June 12, 2014. Did some hiking around Mammoth Lakes, CA and Yosemite. They feel much more comfortable now after a few times using them. I'm very pleased with these boots and looking forward to many years of service. I will definitively recommend these boots to a friend... One last thing, if you get the boots make sure to get the Sof Sole Mink Oil to condition the leather. I didn't  :( and now I am waiting until I order something else from Amazon to include it as part of the shipment. Cheers!
B000BFIHVS All Around Excellent Boots I recently purchased these boots for an upcoming camping/hiking trip in the Red River Gorge area in Kentucky. Having never owned a pair of boots before I was hesitant about purchasing anything without understanding what I was getting into. However, with time running out I purchased these and am very happy that I did.These boots are incredibly comfortable. Having never worn boots prior to my trip, I was a bit concerned about the degree of comfort especially since I would only have a few days to break them in before going on my hike. I was pleasently surprised with the support and comfort with these boots. I ordered a half size larger than what I usually wear. After putting on thick socks, these fit perfectly. It also seemed to me that not much was required in order to break these in. I wore then for a couple of days prior to my hike and that was all it took.I am unsure to what degree the boots are actually waterproof. While I have no experienced any problems, it still may be a good idea to purchase a waterproofing product if you know that you will be in very wet conditions.
B000BFIHVS boots great boots...will buy again...cant complain. i would recommend to others. need more sales on the boots. but i love them
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots These boots are very well made and the fit is true to size.  First thing I dd when I received the boots was rubbed mink oil over all the leather to protect them from water and to condition the leather.  The mink oil did not change the color of the boot.  the boots are very comfortable and light weight.  Feet will stay dry in up to about 3 inches of water.  The boots also look better in person than on here, and I have already received plenty of compliments.  Boots are comfortable to wear in warm and cool weather.
B000BFIHVS Looking more better than others boots! Actually I bought this boots for my husband.It was looking nice n more comfortable than other boots.he really like it n love to wear that boot.About quality it was amazing n looking more perfect! I like it!
B000BFIHVS walk a mile This was my third pair and I love these well made boots. light weight, comfortable out of the box. runs a little hot and doesn't breath well. Very durable.
B000BFIHVS Good boots, Great Price Husband has worn these boots now for years. Very comfortable. Wear well for construction work. Found at Amazon.com by luck and now pay half of normal store prices.
B000BFIHVS Quality boots, comfy and durable I'm very happy with these boots. They are comfy with good rubber treads. The best part is they are waterproof. Been wearing these almost everyday. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for boots under $100.
B000BFIHVS Good price for comfortable boots These were comfortable right out of the box.  I bought them for light hiking, but have been wearing them with my usual casual clothes.  They are not as heavy as they might look.  The size was right on.  Don't think anyone would be unhappy with these.
B000BFIHVS Best we have found for work My husband has tried many different work boots and he will now only wear the Timberland White Ledge brown boots. He works maintenance at a hospital. Tons of walking indoor/outdoor, from wet environment in the kitchen/bath to working on a unit on the hot roof, rain or shine. Crawling, crouching, climbing into ceilings, walking, he gives em a pretty good work out. He also wears them on our annual backpacking trip and never complains of sore feet when the rest of us can't wait to get our boots off. They are supportive yet flexible enough to still move about. These boots don't make his feet sweat like others have in the past either. No more super stinky feet and wrinkly toes. He is a happy camper/worker in these boots!These boots last him almost a year. We are now purchasing his 3rd pair, not because anything has worn out, but due to the type of work he does, they are looking pretty beat up. Scuffs mostly. He works hard, but still has to look nice. We are purchasing for appearances only. Otherwise, he could probably get another 6 months or more out of them. He saves his old pair for yard work at home. His pair from 2 years ago are still going strong, but will now be replaced with his current pair.He has size 12 narrow feet, but he just pulls the laces up real tight. He has NEVER had a problem with the eyelets giving out. He gives them quite a pull, every day. They look real nice for a long time too. Smooth to the touch, but not shiny. From the picture I thought they would feel more rough. They are cushioned well around the ankle and tongue. A real nice looking, comfortable, well made boot.When he pulls them out of the box he puts in a gel insert to give more cushion between his foot and the hard floors. Even the more expensive brand boots we gave a try a few years back needed this. I would recommend that for the White Ledge boots too. Like other reviewers have said, no break in period is required of these boots. No blisters, no squeezing and no tender spots after being worn for 10 hours right out of the box. As long as Timberland keeps making them, we will keep buying them. Amazon usually has the best price but Campmor sometimes runs them on special too. We highly recommend these boots!
B000BFIHVS Beautiful boots It's the first time I bought Timberland Boots and definitely I will keep doing that.  The design is beautiful and It feels like walking above clouds with them.  I have been using the boots for around 3 weeks on my job and my home and don't want to use my old uncomfortable shoes anymore. By the way they fit perfectly, the way it has to be.
B000BFIHVS Good boots Boots were exactly as described on the web site.  My grandson picked them out as part of his Christmas present.
B000BFIHVS boots Very nice and rugged hiking boots.They fit very well and are very comfortable.I had to order men's boots for the width to wear with thick socks.
B000BFIHVS tight fitting The boots fit a little tight but it might be that they are new and need some break in time
B000BFIHVS well made boot Boots were a little stiff at first, but after a few days they felt much better.these are good looking boots i am glad i ordered them while they were on sale.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable Purchased these boots just before a trade show and walked in them for 4 + days. for the price and service a very comfortable pair of boots.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge Boots For the money, these are excellent boots. I wear hiking boots to work daily and these boots are very comfortable, well made and have exceeded my expectations.
B000BFIHVS These under-sell and over-deliver. The kind of product that makes you want to double up on it just in case These boots are a must have for hikers of any experience level. I'm writing this review after beating these boots up for the past 6 months. These boots have been through hell and are still holding up like champs. They fit just right, no need to order a size up or down. I work in conservation, destroying invasive plants all week and needed a work boot that could handle off trail terrain, these are the boots for the job. In fact, my crew leader had the same boots, only several years older and his were still in great condition. Excellent product for their price, definitely a case of under-sell and over-deliver.
B000BFIHVS Good for the money I did not want to break the bank on a pair of boots and these were rated very high with other boots that cost a lot more. They are very comfortable and I think they should last.
B000BFIHVS Best Boots I really love the boots. They are very comfortable and the price is great for the quality of the boots. You wont regret buying these boots.
B000BFIHVS Great comfortable boots I am always impressed with Timberland boots.  These boots are comfortable enough for wearing around the clock in rugged terrain.
B000BFIHVS Love these boots I wear these for my construction business. Although not steel toes I love these boots because they are so comfortable. Waterproof makes life easier. Also extra wide size fits my feet well. They also have a better sole tread fo tough jobs.These boots are well made and they have to be for my job. So far I have 3 pairs and will buy more.
B000BFIHVS Tried and true! A man on my list gets these boots every year for Christmas from someone. It was my year to give them. The brand is good, the boots last and are comfortable from day 1.
B000BFIHVS Perfect The boots are beautiful and comfortable. Fit perfectly. Other shoes in the bag made some scratches on the boots, but nothing that I figured out it will prejudice the boots.
B000BFIHVS Happy with Price FIt and Quality These boots were a replacment for a compititors product of a similiar desgin and price point. These uppers seem like they will hold up longer. Overall I'm happier with these boots the fit and support are great. If everything goes well I'll likely buy another pair in a couple of years. Boots at this price point are light on your feet but they need replacing more often. A good balance all around.
B000BFIHVS Timberland 2E width boots The boots have decent construction, especially for the price, but the width is less than expected.  I ordered a 2E width but they don't seem much more roomy than standard width hiking boots.
B000BFIHVS Long-Time Fan of Timb's and These are the Best I hadn't purchased a pair of Timberland's in almost ten years (as I still have a perfectly good pair) but it was time to replace another brand of shoe and I thought I would give these a try.  I went to a local store to try on a pair as boots always seem to fit a size smaller than tennis shoes and dress shoes do for me.  These fit perfectly, are made of quality material, and are the most comfortable boots I have ever put on my feet.  You can find cheaper boots, but that is just what you'll be getting.  Frankly, these are not expensive at all for the quality you receive.  I'd gladly pay this much for every pair of shoes if they performed this well and felt this nice to wear.  You won't need any inserts or additional padding with these.  These are great boots whether you are a fan of Timberlands or not.  Even if you typically don't like boots, I'd suggest giving these a try.  They are the most comfortable boots I've ever worn.
B000BFIHVS Get The Boot This Boot is as advertised.  The fit is right.  The quality is there, just as I wanted it.  You can buy cheaper boots, you can buy more expense boots, but this one is just right.  I will get years of wear out ot these boots.  The price will work out to be a real bargain.
B000BFIHVS Good boot. Good price. These boots have a great color and are comfortable to wear right out of the box; I trek across my university campus in these. I bought these in mind of having something warm and dry on my feet since our winter has been mostly in the single digits. I have not been disappointed. I put a coat of mink oil on mine just to condition the leather and make sure the leather would repel water and salt stains.I only gave the boots a 4 star rating because the workmanship has some flaws to it. Where the leather upper is seamed along the rubber sole there are some ridges/waviness where the leather was not smoothed out, especially at the toes. I have some concerns that this may be an initial failure point on these boots with time.As far as fit I have always found that with leather shoes or boots I have to go down a half to one full measure in size from my sneakers (10). I purchased this pair in a 9.5. They fit great. They're long enough and just wide enough to leave some wiggle room for my toes.All in all I am quite pleased though for only having spent $85. I knew that I wasn't purchasing a top of the line pair of boots, and that's quite alright.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! Boots are as expected and are very comfortable, as are most Timberland boots. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good pair of boots.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots I saw the same boots at the store for 30 dollars more. These boots are light weight  and comfortable all for what I need for work.
B000BFIHVS Good for the price I have owned at least 6 pairs of these boots. Not because I love them but because it is hard to find boots in my size. I have done everything from hiking, working, shoveling snow, fishing and hunting in these boots. They are ok. They only last me about a year and for some odd reason they make my feet stink! No other pair of boots or shoes I own do this to me. These are definitely NOT durable boots that you would want to take with you on very long trips. They are a lightweight hiking boot.
B000BFIHVS Good fitting boots These are great boots, fit is just what I expected from timberlandI have to put in more words, done
B000BFIHVS Good boots A very good quality waterproof boot for daily walking, hiking, fishing, & other outdoor activities.  This one is my favorite one by Timberland, this is my forth pair in 10 years, understand I am very hard on all boots.  These boots are NOT for heavy construction (like pipe trenching, oil & gas work or masonry) but will be fine for carpentry, roofing, field inspection & other fields that require long periods of walking.  For heavy construction I recommend boots by Caterpillar or American made boots by Midwest Boots [...].I am always wearing my Timberlands, but keep a pair of my Caterpillars in the truck.  If Timberland Co happens to read this, you should make this boot able to withstand more impact or abrasions.  By ssturm.
B000BFIHVS Good boot for money The Boots a bit on hot side but ok for motorcycle riding which is what I bought them for, Wear fine right out of box which is what I like about tiberland boots, All my work boots are made by timberland also,
B000BFIHVS so far so good My wife has worn these boots for the last four years. She reads electric meters and used to walk several miles each day. This is both in the summer and winter in rain or shine. They are the only boots she wants. This year I bought my first pair. I work inside most of the day but I have to go outside during wet and cold weather. These boots are lighweight enough to be worn inside and tough enough to wear when it get nasty. I used to buy rubber (pac) boots but I have found a new winter boot. Great deal.
B000BFIHVS boots these are the best boots that you can purchase. They are not heavy at all and yey very rugged boots! I have purchased several pairs in my lifetime!
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots As expected I am very pleased with my new boots.  Been wearing T's for a long time.  Very comfortable and very good looking.
B000BFIHVS my timberland boots i love my timberland boots am going to get some more soon as i  can so  thank you  for asking
B000BFIHVS Brown Boots The boots fit pretty good right out of the box.  They will take a little while to break in.  I bought them after I had purchased the Timberland tan boots, that feel great.
B000BFIHVS Boots are okay They fit snuggly, which is fine for casual wear, but I wouldn't want to actually hike in the boots.  After a few miles these boots would be too tight and your feet would begin to hurt.Fine for school or similar but you'd want a more expensive slightly oversized boot for actual hiking.  Top quality companies build that into their boots.
B000BFIHVS Very classic boots, but does not fit the foot fat people wear usually wear nine yards, and this pair of boots to wear tight. Very classic boots, but does not fit the foot fat people wear usually wear nine yards, and this pair of boots to wear tight.
B000BGMMZ4 Timberland Men's boots I brought 3 pair of these boots for Christmas presents for my husband, brother, and son.  All three of them loved these boots, and wore them Christmas boots.  They were also surprised at my having good enough taste to buy them.
B000BGMMZ4 very boots I like these boots very confortable to wear and would remend this to wear thank yout so much 5 stars
B000BGMMZ4 The best boots I've owned. the boots came on time and well packed. these are the only boots i wear, look good with anything and fits like a glove
B000BGMMZ4 Awesome boots! I got these a couple weeks ago and I have to say they are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. They fit perfectly, and they are extremely comfortable. These are great all around boots and they are very stylish as well. I recommend these to anyone looking for a nice pair of boots for general use, these are my everyday shoes.
B000BGMMZ4 Great boots / They fit really good !!! I cant ask for something better !! They don't look different !!! What you see is what you get !!! You get it on time too
B000BGMNU8 Timberland Boots I am very pleased with these boots but was disappointed when I walked into the mall to find these boots $30.00 cheaper.  I have been wanting another pair since high school and I found them on here.  Free shipping was offered on this item which was a bonus.
B000BOFDF2 Comfy from the start! I needed new boots for work. I usually hate the first week or two breaking new boots in. These were perfect from the moment I first put them on. They have good support, great grip on the soles and are true to size. Can't ask for more than that. I have already recommended them to several friends and Co workers. The shipping was quick also.
B000FDPXW2 Same size as other Timberland BOOTS. Be sure to go about one size smaller than other brands. First of all, all Timberland boots are oversized, so be sure to head down to your local Timberland outlet to try on the sizes. I believe their boots follow the same sizing as I previously owned a pair of Earthkeeper boots which are also one size smaller than what I usually wear. If going to the outlets are too troublesome, I would suggest going half a size down from what you would usually wear, as boots than are slightly oversized are still wearable. I gave this boot a 4 star rating as it requires some time of wear to get decently comfortable. On the first few days, it was tough to even slide my feet into these boots, after 2 months of occasional wear (2-3 times/week), the boots are more comfortable but the tongue still irritates me till I automatically ignore them after one hour.Looks wise, these boots are getting me compliments as the colour I bought (Rust Nubuck) is not available where I live (Melbourne, Australia) You can wear these boots in a few ways, fully tied up or half tied with the laces tucked behind the tongue. I'm doing the latter as the laces are too short for me to fully tie them up, but I think you can purchase the longer laces at timberland outlets so it shouldn't be a problem. Judging from my previous pair of Earthkeepers, this pair should be able to last more than 3 years with frequent wear as long as you take good care of it.
B000FX9A5S Great work boots They arrived ahead of schedule and fit great. It took my husband a few days to get used to them, as they were different from his previous boots, but they did not leave any blisters like some boots do.
B000FX9A5S Boots are amazing Typically my feet hurt for the first few weeks in new boots. I wore these all weekend and had no pain or problems. Despite being work boots these might become my regular weekend wear.
B000G1Z9XG The boots are ok... These boots fit well, although they could cinch a little tighter at the top. Very lightweight. It is a decent boot.
B000G1Z9XG As good as boots get! This is my second pair of Eurohikers.These past 2 years Ive bought Many different boots from Amazon by various Name Brands; searching for the Best of the Best.Comfort, style and reliability all questioned with every pair.But the Euro Boots are at the Top of the List of Favorites for All Reasons.Their comfort and style is Premium fit/feel and looks.Even though the Longevity of these boots could be considered just average. Its a go to Boot.They are Pricey but Im tired of trying all the different brands at this point just to save a few bucks?Im sticking with these boots for the extra few dollars because they are as good as boots get. Period!
B000G1Z9XG Can't beat the price Boots came eariler than expected! and were nice. I really love theses boots. Best of all my feet don't look big in theses boots.
B000G21BSC Warm and Comfortable I love these boots. I sprained my ankle a week ago, but had a vacation planned around hiking. After attempting to hike in sneakers, I decided to pick up these boots.The boots made my ankle feel very stabilized and secure during our 7 mile, rainy, slippery, rocky hike yesterday.Amazingly, the boots stayed dry and warm until I had to wade through a brook that was knee-high. The boots had a great grip on the slippery rocks as well. They remained comfortable throughout the hike - I didn't need to break them in at all.I love these boots! I am extremely impressed with the quality, price, and comfort.
B000G21BSC Boots A great pair of boots for the money! They fit very well and are comfortable to wear, which is saying something for someone who has a hard time finding comfortable footwear.
B000G21BSC These Boots I absolutely love these boots. They are super comfy and I wear them all the time now. I highly recommend them.
B000G21BSC Timberland boots wonderful! I bought a pair of boots a lot like these over a year ago and after wearing them almost every day, (even in snow) they're just starting to look warn. The last ones were tight to begin with so I got a wider size. Perfect. These are rugged quality boots at a decent price
B000G23DQK Timberland makes great boots I bought the 6" premium Timberland boots and they are fantastic.They look even better in person. My son wears a size 15 shoe and we bought these in 15's. They fit nice, but are a bit on the large side. A 1/2 size approx.Nothing a pair of med. weight pair of socks won't fix though.Definitely keeping.We have owned several Timberland boots prior to these and have been very happy with this brands quality and durability.The materials; the leather, soles and even the laces are top notch. Was told these are very comfortable to wear, with good support.Even better was the price for under $70.00 !
B000G23DQK Great boots I order these boots and got them the next day. They fit perfectly out of the box, expect nothing else from Tim's. Another set for the collection, just wish they would bring back Cornflower Blue for an option.
B000G23DQK My Second Favorite Boots These boots are warm and sturdy and definitely scuff-free. I've had these boots for many months have not scuffed them one bit. They are also very comfortable, and even though they are very sturdy, they don't feel heavy or bulky. The easily fit under my pant legs.My favorite boots are the black version of these boots. I've owned the black ones for over a year, and they remain scuff free as well.
B000G23DQK Not a huge deal...BUT.... The boots had slight wear patterns/creases along the upper front top portion of the boots. As well one boot had a smear of what I believe to be manufacturers glue. I have ordered several pairs of Timberland boots throughout the years direct from Timberland's website as well as Eastbay and never have I received a pair with any of these issues. I don't believe the boots were worn and returned but rather stored or shipped under too heavy a weight. Again not a huge deal, not going to return the boots but I would not have purchased boots with these issues had I gone to a brick and mortar store.  First time purchasing Timberlands via Amazon, great savings but probably wont purchase any Timberlands here in the future.
B000G23DQK Grandson boots These were just the right boots he wanted. It is so easy to order on line than to go to the store (and a better price).
B000G23DQK Great Boots - Look and Feel The boots arrived on time, looked exactly like the photos, and fit very comfortably. I have already recommended these boots to friends and family.
B000G23DQK Lousy service by Amazon.com LLC I've just recived my boots, & I really shoked.While I was trying to try them i couldn't find left boot!I've recieved two right boots !!!Real hard-noseI don't know what to do with themI'm really disappointed, because I wanted these boots.I'll tell all my friends not to order anything at this shop.
B000G23DQK Timberland Outstanding deal from Amazon, purchased the boots for around 65$ on Black Friday (steal of the day). I was debating the basic and premium boots, very happy I went with the premium model. The boots are very comfortable and have the great classic Timberland look. The only possible improvement would be moving production back to great state of New Hampshire as opposed to overseas, noticeable difference in quality.
B000G23DQK Great Boots I needed to get some new boots for work, and was browsing on Amazon, and came across Timberland Boots.  So I read the reviews on these boots and decided to give them a shot.  I have only used them for a few days but they seem to be okay.  My experience is that boots are usually okay untill they are truly broken in and these have a few weeks to go before they are truley broken in.  I am somewhat rough on my work shoes but I believe these will hold up to my abuse,
B000G23DQK boots I love the boots, they were just a little too snug. The boots were perfect, without any scuffs or blemishes.
B000G23DQK very cool It is my first timberland boots,I love it,The boots are great for people who like to walk a lot, and not nesecarely walking on concrete.
B000G23DQK worst of Timberland I received these Timberland boots as a replacement for another style that I returned to the company which were found to be defective. I should have returned these as well but it costs too much to keep sending boots back. These boots have no padding nor arch support at all! The soles wore out super fast. I'm not sure they lasted 2 months. Of all of the Timberland Boots that I have owned these are the lousiest.
B000G23DQK Horrible Experience, Used Damaged boots sent I opened this package and these boots were damaged, the toes of both boots had black scuff marks & one had a deep cut in it, boots looked like were used and returned. Wasn't enough time to reorder, ship & receive a new one b4 Christmas.  Had to search several stores within 65 miles to find another size 11 boot. Then, all sales had ended and had to pay full price for it.  This was a horrible experience.  I do not recommend this company to anyone and I will not be buying from this site again.
B000G23DQK Men's Timberlands Timberland boots are the only brand of boots my husband will wear for work.  He is an over the road truck driver and needs boots that are comfortable, waterproof, and have slip-proof tread in all weather conditions on all surfaces.  These boots are top-notch in all categories!
B000G23DQK Stiff, uncomfortable The boots look great, but they are extremely stiff and uncomfortable. The first day walking around with them my big toe got a massive blister on the top from all the friction the boot is causing. Also, it seems as though there is no padding in the foot and makes walking a chore. I've bought Timberland Premium Boots before, and didn't have this problem. Perhaps these really are knockoffs like others have mentioned. Anyways, I'm returning the boots and sticking with Sketchers Pilot boots, which are exceedingly comfortable and supple.
B000G23DQK Boots are for more than walking! These boots were exactly what I needed. I really like the scuffproof finish. They are neat and tidy, but not shiny. Very comfortable, but a bit heavy. So...don't wear them to dance! Great in the garden and mountains. Clean up nicely.
B000G23DQK I don't recommend this seller The brand is perfect, the design and quality too. However, when my boots were delivered, the box was smashed, the boots dirty and the right boot had a knife mark in the ankle. I recommend the boots but never the seller.
B000G23DQK Boots! Love the boots! I've had them for a month and everything is perfect! I hope to have these boots for many years to come so I don't have to waste money on unreliable shoes that are merely fashionable. These are the best all around boots ever! Look good, feel good, and you can depend on them if you're trekking through the jungle, Alaskan bush, backpacking through Mexico or the urban environment. Awesome!
B000G23DQK Awesome boots These are phenomenal boots in terms of quality, durability, and style on top of all that.  I have had one pair of these boots that have lasted in excellent shape for ten straight years of solid use.  And the look of these boots with a pair of good jeans never goes out of style.  I highly recommend them, and I highly thank the company for making and designing such great stuff at such an affordable price!  Honestly, I think these boots are worth $400 easy, but I got them for about $120 on Amazon.  A solid Five star product.
B000G23DQK Well worth the extra cost Need quality work boots for my job working outside and climbing telecommunications towers and poles. Used to buy Timberland Pro series boots. These are far better quality and last longer.Takes a little longer to break in, but once past that, these boots are well worth paying a little more money than trying save a few bucks going with the  Pro series.
B000G23DQK Sand Paper Boots order these boots online because they look great and i figure i'll spend the money on these boots because there are quailty boots. When i recieve the boots i was not happy they felt like sand paper very rough on the outside and the lower parts of the boots were all scratched up and the top of the boots were lifed up kind like a elf's shoes inside of the boots however feels comfortable and easy to walk in these boots were my 1st tims ever and i hate the fact that it wasnt everything i thought it'll be. therefore my question is where can you find some quailty great REAL Timberlands?
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots My son absolutely loves his boots.  We originally ordered the black and white boots.  They are listed as black.  The incorrect boots were shipped (all black were received).  A much better choice.  The boots run a little large.  He wears two pair of socks and they fit fine.  They are very comfortable.
B000G23DQK Nice boots They look great on the hubby. I wish I could get the smooth black leather boots also. I would definitely recommend
B000G23DQK boots I'm always satisfied with Timberland. The boots are made very well. They are made true to size as expected. Satisfied customer.
B000G23DQK Awesome High Quality Durable Boots This is my first pair of timberlands (i used to wear five star 40 dollar boots) and the difference is astounding.These boots dont only look great, but what surprised me most was the comfort and fit. These boots fit me PERFECTLY size 12. Ive never had footwear of any kind fit my feet as well as these and i used to buy expensive nike casual sneakers. What makes these boots so comfortable is the arch in the center which gives support to the arch in your feet. other boots can be flat footed and causes a lot of foot soreness after wearing them for hours... but with my timbs i can wear them all day every day and my feet stay fresh and free of fatigue.most importantly...dont hesitate to buy these because of the price... as i did at first... because these boots will last you for years looking brand new... unless u walk around in ankle deep mud. I'm extremely happy I decided to spend the extra money for a pair of boots I love that will last me a couple years instead of a couple monthsI highly recommend
B000G23DQK timberland I have bought these boots for myself, and I have bought boots of this firm for the first time, they very much were pleasant to me.''' lungs, don't slide when go on ice, beautiful and convenient, to all I advise!!!
B000G23DQK Timberland boots This boots fits just right, I like timberland because their products are very durable and comfortable as well. Totally recommended, especially for people who works outdoors
B000G23DQK Good choice! The boots are great...quality, comfort, fit, durability and style. Tried on a friend's boots to make sure of size before ordering,(really important with shoes), but ordered on line for lower price and free shipping.
B000G23DQK Delivered Sizes Fluctuate I have ordered a few of these Scuff Proof boots from Amazon recently.  I only needed one pair, though.  Inexplicably, the same sized boots will fit me differently.  Some pairs have smaller or roomier space in the toe box region of these boots.
B000G23DQK it's alright not definitely some light weight boots but they are really good, these boots have been around since so long and they haven't gone out of style, i like but surely i can't be wearing them all day long, they just too heavy as all boots. but they are very resistant for sure, i got them at the Timberland store and they run a very fair price can't even complain that much, and the reason why i give them four stars is because they keep bothering one of my foot, i don't know if it's because they are new, but i fixed that, i rolled a little paper towel and put it where it bothers me and it worked, it might be a little ghetto but i don't care.i recommend this to everyone and to anyone that is thinking on buying these boots, but i have to tell you that they differ from different brands on size, for example, i use 9 on nike and with this i had to buy an 8, so be very careful with that, other than that the boots are really good and durable.
B000G23DQK Not same quality as Timberland retail store I previously tried on these boots in a Timberland retail store and loved them.  They were very comfortable, but expensive.  When I saw the same boots on Amazon for considerable savings, I ordered them.  They are the same boots, I checked the item number.  The boots I received looked identical, but the leather was as stiff as the plastic boots sold at low end department stores for around $20.  I tried to break them in but could only wear them for 30 minutes at a time.  I called Timberland customer service and they told me to buy a bottle of leather conditioner??!!.  They finally became comfortable after about a month.  They aren't marked "seconds", but they are definitely not the same quality.  I would not recommend buying these boots online.
B000G23DQK Very good boots! Just received this timberland 10061 boots. I am from China and the same boots's price in China is triple then the price in Amazon (I bought it with $100.xx). Well that makes me decided to by it here and deliver to China via third party delivery company. As soon as I got this boots I am so satisfied with its quality. I think I will wear this boots in autumn and winter, not now :-)  will attach new feedback then.
B000G261IW Tough Boots! This is the third pair I have bought for a friend who is also a horseman. They literally saved his toes from being broken! They are light weight and super tough! Good boots.
B000KVA7YI Boots run at least a size small I'm a contractor and always try to wear a quality boot on the job sites. I've had Timberland's in the past, and have been happy with the quality. I was excited to find the boot on Amazon with a 30% discount on Cyber Monday, so I ordered my normal size, and waited for the delivery. I've always wore a size 10 in boots, and sneakers for that matter. I've never had to try footwear on, if was a size 10, it fit. That theory does not apply to these boots, they easily feel a full size smaller, I could barely get my foot in, and definitely couldn't wear them. I couldn't imagine wearing a heavy, work sock in these boots during the Winter months, as I didn't even lace these boots and I immediately knew they were too small. I compared them side by side to another pair of boots I have and they're at least an inch smaller, how does this make sense?. I remember when Timberland boots were made in the U.S.A., these are made in the Dominican Republic, I wonder if that has something to do with the sizing??. Also, upon further examination, I find the interior insulation appears to be cheap and thin, and I can picture wear holes appearing after a short time, the tongue is thin and &#34;floppy&#34;, and will no stand on it's own. In my opinion these boots are far less in quality than the Timberland's of yester year, and do not warrant a $100.00 price tag as they once did. It's another example of a trusted, good, brand name now being manufactured in another country with less quality and selling the product to people believing they're made in America.As soon as the return label is printed, I'll be heading to UPS to start my refund process.
B000KVA7YI UPDATE: As always..."personal problem", not product. Apparently, my right foot is larger than my left, therefore tighter. Other than that, great work boots.UPDATE: I've had this boots since June, 2010 and it's still a good pair of boots.So far, the tips of the boots had worn a hole due to lots of kneeling I do while working but, unlike may others I bought for work, the soles are still intact and no other unusual wears or defects.I'm looking to buy another soon to replace the one I got now.
B000KVA7YI Great boots but ...... I really like these boots.  However, several things to note:1 - Go to your local sporting goods store and get decent boot inserts.  Ones that come with the boots are worthless (in spite of what theliterature says).2 - They tend to be a little narrow.  My shoe size is 10 1/2 EE --  had to get size 12M.  11 1/2M was uncomfortable.3 - The laces are too short to lace up on every eyelet.  Went out and got longer laces.4 - Most work boots have 'hooks' instead of eyelets on the last two lace up holes.  Much prefer but not a deal breaker.They are comfortable and tough.  Use on the farm -- they get a lot of abuse -- so far so good.  They have held up well.
B000KVA7YI Most comfortable boot I have worn. These boots are more than what I expected. They fit right after reading through the sizes. And in cold weather they are a must have. They are comfortable if you wear your right size. I've been wearing work boots for years and have worn Wolverines, Red Wings, and cheap wal mart boots, but these are the best by far.
B000MX4UGU Great pair of boots I really like these brown timberland boots. They are very comfortable and not heavy to me. I like the style of them and that they give you some flexibility with different outfits.
B000QW02F0 timberland pros I've been buying these boots for years because they are so comfortable and they have a good price. I've spent much more on less comfortable and less durable boots.
B000QW02F0 Timberland Pro Men's Powerwelt 6" Workboot I bought two pair of these boots because they are very durable, keep my feet dry and very well built. I bought two because if they stop making these, I will have a spare. These boots are real durable. As a plumber, I spend a lot of time crawling and the toes of my boots tend to wear out but these have really lasted a long time and I'm still using the old pair. Much life left in them and I have been wearing them daily for over 2 yrs. These boots ROCK!Thanks for the great product,Bruce
B000QW02F0 Stitches I had this boots for four months and the stitches came loose which caused the boots to be not water resistant. I will never buy Timberland boots again.
B000QW02F0 great boots for the price! i have owned 2 pairs of these exact boots and just purchases another, these are some of the best fitting and comfortable boots on the market!! they hold up really good one pair lasted 2 years for me which is VERY good, most boots only last me 6 months as i am very hard  on them, buy these boots and you will be happy,besides they look awesome too, i do recomend an aftermarket gel insert if you will be standing in them for 8-12 hours a day though just for added comfort, great great buy!!!1
B000QW02F0 durable (on the outside) I have had these boots for awhile now, and am generally pleased with them. The toes don't wear through like regular leather boots do when rubbing on abrasive surfaces. I think the insoles included in the boots, however, are terrible. They were comfortable enough, but I had holes worn through them within one month. I would purchase these boots again for the exterior durability, though.
B000QW02F0 best boots so far I choose this rating because these boots not only fit well, but the are so far holding up to the metal I work with. There are no scratches on them as it would of been on my last boots. My husband would surely recommend them to his co-workers.
B000VIAOJ8 shoes or boots? My grandson loved these shoe-boots and since he is a regular boy, not having to wear boots to school but having shoes that can go in the snow is a real plus. Good quality construction and superb materials used.
B000VIAOMU great boots thease boots are so cute but also very functional as im a parent of a rumbontious 3y who just has to step in every puddle he sees,thease boots are durable an really waterproof
B000VIAOMU TIMBERLAND BOOTS GREAT BOOTS IT IS THE SECOND YEAR THAT I HAVE PURCHASED THEM FOR MY TODDLER THEY ARE VERY DURABLE AND LAST FOREVER..
B000VIAOMU Great hiking boots It is a tad large but a thick sock did the trick. FYI the boots are not lined for cold weather. This is a great hiking boots. Just like the big boys'!
B000VQ9QKS LOVE THESE BOOTS! This will be the fifth time that I have purchased these boots. I wear them ALL the time, summer or winter as they are extremely comfortable and have great traction for walks in the woods.
B000VQ9QKS Great comfortable boots I have worn these boots for years and recently bought GF a pair. She loves them just as much as I do.I have to say that Amazon proved themselves again by providing unequaled customer service. GF tried her size 7 1/2 boots on and realized that she needed 8s. I ordered them and they arrived two days later in time for us to enjoy a day of hiking as scheduled.
B000VQ9QKS Pleasant Surprise I ordered 2 different pairs of Vasque boots from Amazon because of their great reputation. They obviously weren't designed for my foot as they were very uncomfortable. Feeling discouraged I walked into a Dick's Sporting Goods store to peruse their women's hiking boots. These were the only boots they carried. I never expected such a perfect fit. I usually deliberate awhile before making a purchase; I knew as soon as I had these laced up that they were the boots for me. Much better than my previous New Balance hikers as well.
B000VQ9QKS Great boots The boots were very comfortable first time I wore them. Light weight and perfect for working in the yard and around my horse property.
B000VQ9QKS Love these boots I needed some new hiking boots to take on a two-week trip to New Zealand, and these seemed like a good purchase.  They are much more reasonably priced than many hiking boots out there, especially considering the fact that I probably won't be hiking more than 10 times per year, at most.  Right our of the box, the boots fit really well, and I was surprised by how light they were, even though they looked like they should be a lot heavier.  The boots got their &#34;trial by fire&#34; during a 7-8 hr hiking trip up Mt. Doom (Tongariro Alpine Crossing). This is a very challenging hike, with lots of terrain change, steep climbs, uneven surfaces, etc.  The boots performed amazingly well. They were very comfortable the whole way through, provided a lot of support, and I had zero blisters by the end of the day.  Love these boots and would definitely recommend them.  I hope they will last a long time.
B000VQ9QKS I Really Like these Wow - what a difference between these and my cheap older hiking boots which always hurt me. I took a 2 hour walk in these boots without breaking them in and the last thing I had to worry about was my feet hurting. These are so comfortable and being lightweight they are great for long treks or even for wearing everyday. They are waterproof and have a great traction sole and the styling won't make you look like a lumberjack.I know boots are expensive these days - resist the temptation to buy something inferior and get the best fitting pair of boots you can afford. These should last a long enjoyable time.
B000VQ9QKS THE hiking boots for women I have purchased many different types of hiking boots in the past and have had very little success in finding the right fit. In the past if I would go hiking for longer distances I would have at least two or three new large blisters. No more with these trail boots. They fit perfectly and feel great on my feet. One of the major reasons I do get blisters is because my feet sweat easily but that was not a problem with these boots. Highly recommended!
B000VQ9QKS extrememly comfortable This is my second pair after my puppy ate the first one. Good to know that Timberland listened to the public and made the boots in widths. I have wide feet, and comfortable boots are very hard to find. Great for walking around. Heavy treads make walking in the mud a breeze. I highly recommend these boots. Timberland, PLEASE make the widths more widely available! I had to search long and hard to find them.
B000VQ9YDW Love these boots! My boots arrived today and I am so pleased with them.  They are true to size and the elastic back makes them very easy to do up and they fit well.  The sole is very comfortable and very quiet!  I have slightly wide calves and these boots fitted me instantly.  I can't wait to go to work to show them off.  I would definitely buy another pair.
B000VQBO62 These boots are cute but they talk LOUDLY When I got these boots I LOVED them!  Then I put them on and started walking around.  These boots (both of them) squeak when I walk.  I wore them the first time and thought that maybe breaking them in would help the squeak, but the 2nd wearing was even worse.  I may only be able to wear them to rock concerts or else I'll have to throw them away because they are so annoying.
B000VQBPOS Boots The first time I purchase these boots was in 2002 for work. They are very durable and don't feel like mens boots.  My daughter took my first pair so I had to order another.  They will last a long time.
B000VQBPOS Great Boots! I've been looking for a pair of comfortable, low-heeled boots that I can wear with jeans or to work for a long time.  Buying shoes online was a difficult choice for me, but I decided to give it a shot, and I'm so glad I got these.  They're very, very comfortable and fit true to size.  My only complaint is a very minimal one - I wore them out for the first time and noticed that the shoe strings kept coming undone.  They've very thin strings, so I replaced them with boot strings and all is well.
B000VQBPOS Timberland Nellie ankle boots for women I purchased these boots about 2 years ago, they are the best. Waterproof, comfortable and warm. I wear these to work all day and dont  want to take them off at night!!  Love these boots.
B000VQBPOS Love these boots I had tried on these boots in a store but they only had sizes 9 and 10, too small and too big. I ordered a pair of 9.5 here and they fit perfectly, no break in time, feels like I have had them for years, so comfy! If I tie them too tight they are right at my ankle bone but if they are on without yanking the shoe laces they are like slippers.
B000VQBPOS All Good Boots arrived within the window given.  They fit perfectly and are much nicer than I thought they'd be quality-wise.  Wore them all day the first time and had none of the soreness from breaking in new boots.  They're waterproof as advertised and great.  Wish the seller had a way to track shipping but the boots arrived within the time they said they would so there's no problem.
B000VWJHVU Great Boot,  But ? The Boots are very comfortable, and stylish but after a week of wear the stiching came undone. poor quality  for  a pair of boots  that cost over a hundred dollarS.
B000VX03GC Very comfortable These boots are much more comfortable than some other hiking boots that I own.  I have always had a good experience with Timberland products in the past, and these boots don't disappoint.
B000VX03GC Great boots! I got my new Timberland Chochorua Trail boots and have used them once on an easy afternoon hike through some gently hilly woods.  They immediately felt like a well-broken-in, comfortable pair of very familiar boots.  They are amazingly light, and seem very tough and very well-constructed.  They handled the Spring dampness and small puddles with ease. I am very impressed and delighted with these great boots.
B000VX03GC Hunting Boots!!! Amazingly light and comfortable! I am going to soak them in mink oil and they will be my hunting boots until they fall apart!
B000VX03GC Timberland boots are the most Timberland boots are the most comfortable, most durable and the most value for my money. My first pair of GTX Trail Boots lasted about five years.  They needed replace because the toes shrunk from getting soaked this winter from shoveling so much snow this year. I own several pairs of Timberland boots and I am satisfied with all of them.
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocurua Great boots. I wore them out in the Bighorn Mountains for a week while hunting. Also, nearly every day since I got back. I would definatly recommend these boots.
B000VX03GC The MOST Comfortable boots! As an avid hiker,  I've been through countless boots of just about every brand, and these Chocuruas are the MOST Comfortable boots I've ever worn. Straight out of the box they felt great. And so far, they've performed very well for me for usual hiking/trail walking. That said, I wouldn't wear there up Kilimanjaro  or in deep cold arctic conditions.I'll probably buy a second pair as a backup.
B000VX03GC great boots for the price these are the best boots i have bought in this price range. they are light weight and heavy duty. you don't need to break them in. the tread is affective and durable. they are very comfortable. i recommend them very highly.
B000VX03GC Comfort Theses are the most comfortable and durable boots I have found.
B000VX03GC Leaks Fairly new boots after short hike in heavy rain, toe area in both boots was wet. I couldn't feel any tears in the Goretex, so possibly leaking through the sole. UPDATE: I paid postage to send boots back under warranty... same problem with replacement boots: a short hike in wet grass results in soaked socks. Avoid these boots at all cost....
B000VX03GC Exactly what I wanted My last pair of boots lasted me about 4-5 years on moderate hiking, but I can just tell by the other reviews and the comfort level of my feet within the first two weeks of having these boots that they are extremely comfortable and durable boots and to add in the fact, they are Goretex makes them extremely worthwhile. The price is a respectable price for the 5 star quality of boots you are getting. People will say things can't be perfect, and I have to agree, but if I had to pick something bad to say about these shoes, it would be that the laces could be a tiny bit longer, but I'm still rating these shoes a 5-star.
B000VX03GC These boots Rock!! I Love these hiking boots!!  They are perfect, and fit the first time I laced them up like they were already broke in, and I had been wearing them comfortably for months.  They are water proof, as I live in snow/cold country.I have had expensive, (Merrill). boots before, and I'll stack these boots right up there with 'em, or higher, as the price is more affordable.
B000VX03GC Great boots I have owned 4 pairs of these boots. I wear them to work every day. Great boots. I will keep buying ten as long as they keep making them.
B000VX03GC Great boots Purchased these boots for visit up north, Timberland have always done the job needed and my last pair after 13 yrs needed an upgrade.
B000VX03GC GREAT BOOTS!! I first seen these boots @ Dicks and liked how they look. So I went online and read the reviews. The reviews were all positive from comfort, looks, durability, and keeping you dry. I bought the boots on the reviews alone and I must say they are what the reviews say they are. I would definitely buy these boots again.
B000VX03GC Nice pair of boots at a great price These boots were a replacement for some $250 boots that had worn out.  They are a little lighter weight than I expected, and not much insulation, but fit very well.  They also appear to be well made.  The lighter weight may turn out to be a plus on long hikes.
B000VX03GC These are great boots! These boots are ready to go when you put them on.  Almost no break-in time.  I'm probably going to get my wife a matching pair.  Incurable romantic, me!
B000VX03GC Most comfortable boots I've worn with one small gripe I am not big into hiking and don't wear many boots, but these are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. They feel like they are broken in already. Gore-tex works as advertised. Only get wet socks when stepping in deep snow, and this is minimized if I have it laced all the way up. I did not experience the toe box issues other have had with the crushed toes. I don't wear them all the time so I have not had wear issues such as sole separating. I am 5'6&#34;, weigh 145lbs and wear 8.5M size dress shoes reference, but the size 8M boots fit me better. Style IMO is nice. I even bought a pair for my younger brother in high school and he wears them all the time.My only gripe is the design for the lace hooks + loops. They seem to dig into the laces and are causing some early wear on the laces, though again I don't wear them enough for the laces to have gotten frayed. Also the last 2 hooks tend to catch on the inside of my pants at the cuff seams if I don't have the boots laced all the way up. Bought for $62 during holiday sales and was 100% worth it. Would give this like 4.5 stars if I could.
B000VX03GC Good boots Boots appear to be well made and fit great.
B000VX03GC Timberland boots I have a difficult time finding men's shoes that I like due to my size (7).  I already own one pair of Timberland bootsand have enjoyed them.  Good fit and durable.  Ordering footwear on line is new to me and I was concerned thatthe fit might not be suitable.  My new boots fit well, look good and I anticipate a long boot life.  I got just what Iordered in a timely manner.  I have been wearing the new boots for a short while so I can't comment on boot longevityat this time.  My older Timberland's have become my everyday work boots and there is still plenty of wear in them.
B000VX03GC Really like these boots, great value. I previously had a similar, more expensive, set of hiking boots from New Balance that fell apart pretty quickly under light use over the course of a couple years. These Timberland boots are still relatively new to me and I haven't gone on any long hikes in them, but they are comfortable so I have been wearing them more than my other shoes. They have been serving as work boots lately and I've been very happy with them.
B000VX03GC repeat buyer I wear out work boots yearly. I have worn these boots for ten years. Some lasted longer than others. The laces are the first thing to go. PC11 will repair tread or sole separation. The boots are lightweight and comfortable. I can no longer find them in stores so I buy online. I will buy these boots until they are no longer available or if the price continues to go up. Good value for the money.
B000VX03GC love these boots I have been wearing these boots for about 8 years.  When my usual retailer discontinued this boot, I was not a happyCamper.  Just on a whim I decided to check amazon.com, and found them.... happy days are here again.  These boots have a good insole that provides me support to be able to be on my feet all day, and provide my feet with added protection for activities like riding a motorbike. And they look nice too!  I hope I have time to stock up on a few more pairs.  Also, I wear a 15 E2, which is readily available.  Great product, love them!
B000VX03GC Rock solid Boot for the Money.  Great Value. I have had these boots out in the field, on dirt trails, in the mountains, on the river bank, in the boat, and in the snow.  These Timberland Men's 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boots are holding up really well.  They have great interior support and the lining feels great.  They tie well and one nearly forgets one is wearing boots.  The pattern on the bottom is big enough that a few kicks on the concrete knocks everything off pretty quick.  The only negative is that after nearly a year, I am noticing that that the lace eyelets are starting to wear the laces some, which means breakage eventually, but I suppose everything wears out eventually.  This one point is why I am not giving it 5 stars though.  No regrets on the purchase.Update July 3, 2013, UPDATE.......For the past two years, I have mostly worn these boots on my trips to Arkansas to trout fish the White River (usually April and October).  They are a great utility boot to keep the feet dry and warm.  Since I stay right on the river, I do not have far to walk down to where our fishing guide picks us up.  However, today I went to Beavers Bend State Park in Oklahoma.  I put these boots on to go hiking--BIG MISTAKE!  The trail I hiked was six miles with a good mixture of gravel trails, rocky trails and ledges, dirt trails, through grass, and through several creek crossings.  I wear the really low profile ankle socks and there is some sort of plastic support right in the back of the heel of these boots that cause them to be agonizing at about the two mile mark.  These boots are terrible for hiking.  I will NEVER EVER wear them again for hiking.  Going back and forth from the fishing lodge to the boat at the river--or wearing them while riding my ATV and they are great, but for hiking, these boots are TERRIBLE.  So I am reducing the number of stars from 4 to 3.  If I had it to do over again, I would not have purchased these boots.  More thought in the design for comfort should have been afforded to these boots.
B000VX03GC Great value boots We've had several pairs of Chocurua boots for our whole family.  They come in wide widths, are comfortable, and require very little break in.  The waterproofness is good, but don't expect too much in terms of breathabiltiy.  Yes, they breathe, but a long day of hiking will still leave your feet and these boots soaked with sweat.Due to the softness of the materials (which makes them comfortable not not needing much break in) they seem to wear (meaning I expect them to wear out) fairly quickly - but they are still really good boots for less than $100.
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocurua Boots are GREAT! After many delays and procrastination on my part, I found a deal on these boots that I knew I couldn't beat. So, I brought them. This is the first pair of boots I've worn since my military days...and that's a LONG time ago. I was pleasantly surprised, not only by the price of these boots (discounted to $67), but by their weight. Man, are these boots lightweight! But don't let their weight fool you. After rubbing them down with mink oil, I had two full days of hard work ahead. Donning my new boots, I tarried not. Though the mornings were quite cool - in the upper 20's and low 30's - these boots kept my feet warm and dry. Plus, I didn't feel like I had 10-lbs on each foot either.I am tremendously pleased with these boots and would recommend them to anyone and everyone.
B000VX03GC good dependable everyday boots these are my second purchase of these boots. I love the quality, design, and dependability of timberland's boots. would recomend them to anyone.
B000VX03GC Timberland Boots are the BEST! Timberland makes the most comfortable boots around.  May be too early to tell how these boots hold up but I loved my last pair of Timberland's and can say nothing beats them for a well padded, soft feeling boot that delivers comfort.
B000VX03GC Order a half size larger than your normal shoe size and you'll love them. I usually buy cheap Walmart boots for our younger kids, until their feet stop growing.  I can't see paying $$$ for something they'll wear for six months.  Our teenage son's feet are done growing, and he was ready for his first pair of good quality hiking boots.  We had looked locally for his boots, but he wears a 14 wide and most stored didn't carry them.  So I ordered a pair for him, and another one for my husband.  Our family hikes and camps a lot, and we live on a farm and need dependable boots for working outside.These are excellent boots, and well worth the cost.  They have a great rubber sole that grips and cushions.  The upper is leather and truly waterproof - very important for the way we wear boots.  They come up above the ankle by several inches, and the padded tongue keeps them from rubbing or pinching.  They're lightweight by boot standards, and my son loved them the first time he wore them - no breaking in period!The best part for me was the free Prime shipping and free returns.  Buying shoes over the Internet is sometimes tricky, and mailing boots back would be expensive.  But these fit perfectly, and once again Amazon has just what we needed.
B000VX03GC so far...soooo good I ordered these Saturday around 10:00 p.m. and they arrived just after lunch on Thursday.  The delivery estimate was May 23 to the 29th.  So I got them at the beginning of the delivery estimate rather than the middle or end of it.  Delivery was excellent in my opinion.  So now for the Boot...I changed from the current boots I have had for about 1.5 years now and had on all day today at work.  The boots fit great, and felt great.  I wore them for about 3.5 hours just hanging in the house.  They really did feel pretty good...light weight my feet did not get hot.  Granted, that is a far cry from hiking around the countryside, but a fair test.  Now I know everyone who wears boots a lot like me knows that there is definitely a "break in" period.  I think the break in period with these boots will be shorter than normal.  I am not sure why, but the picture shown with my review shows the brown version.  I bought the Tan pair and really like them.
B000VX03GC knock off boots not timberland the boots are knock off's they wore out in 8 weeks soles wore thru came apart very unhappy. very bad boots
B000VX03GC Timberland Men's 15130 Boots Excellent boots for the price.  Always appreciate the free shipping.  The feet that go into these boots are wide, but not overly wide, and the standard sizes or medium width in other name brand boots just don't fit.  These boots are roomy and comfortable.  Note these are the second pair we've purchased.  The boots are used every day in every weather condition available, and they hold up well.  We get about six months use out of them with heavy wear, and that is perfectly acceptable and realistic.
B000VX03GC love these boots... I have been wearing these boots for years, this is the first time i paid under $100. They are great boots.
B000VX03GC new boots I will need to wear a thicker sock with these.....I purchased these exact boots before and found the fit quite good.....Maybe the 11D that I bought at a retail store were on the small side....
B000VX03GC Great boots for the price, and they'll last you. I purchased these boots just over two years back, so I'm writing this review with lots of real world experience.When purchased, i thought these would fit like every other tennis shoe and boot that I've had to buy most of my life. (Size 13) Instead, i found that these Timberland boots actually fit almost true to size. I wound up buying a size 12. the only other shoes/boots that I've been able to wear a size 12 with were some Callaway golf shoes and my expensive Red Wing work boots. So beware when you purchase that you will want to try some Timberland boots on first to know whtat size you wear.The first day I had them I went for a hike in the park... after it rained. I found myself walking through water 3-4&#34; deep that easily covered the toe area of the shoe and came up to the leg of my pants, if not a bit higher as my pants also got wet. Upon completeion of the hour long hike, no water. I've found that this has been the case for the entire two years that I've had them. They have stayed completely dry no matetr what I walk through.They aren't the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, but they are the most comfortable boots I've ever worn. They come close to my Nike Air and K-Swiss Tubes, but don't quite match for comfort. I don't have a problem wearing them all day at work though, nor have I ever had a problem walking for two hours in them. I've worn them to the point that the insoles have worn out and the material on the outersole of the boot, just above the black sole material is starting to break down. if you are casual user, I don't think you would ever need to worry about this, as I wear mine every day for work, in addition to winter use where I clear driveways for a few customers using a large snowblower. The leather has held up great and is nice and soft. I will say that I just purchased a pair of Ledge boots from Amazon and have found that by comparing the two, the laces on these Chocorua boots do not go down as far toward the toe. This means that no matter how long your toes may be that the boots will break in and bend in the right place for you. I'm finding the Ledge boots, with the laces extending further toward the toe are a little more uncomfortable while breaking in.They are warm in the winter, but stay cool enough in the summer. I've never pulled my feet out of them in the summer after a long day and had my feet been wet as I've found with other boots in the past. They actually do breathe a little. I wear them while riding my sport bike and they have held up on the top with shifting. (left toe area) The soles still haven't worn out. I have also found that even when I occasionally ride when it gets to 40 outside that my feet stay nice and warm. Can't say that about the rest of me.Had I not gotten the Ledge boots for an amzing price on Amazon, I would have bought another pair of these. They are that good and well worth the money.  Since I am tight on cash because of Christmas shopping, I wasn't able to spend the additional funds for a new pair of the Chocorua boots.
B000VX03GC Perfect fit right out of the box! I have timberland work boots, so I thought I would try their hiking boots.  They are comfortable and the tread grips well on rocky/sandy surfaces.  I don't like to order boots without trying them on, but I took a chance on these.  I couldn't have found a better fit.
B000VX03GC Looking foward to missions now These hiking boots are the most comfortable boots I have worn.  I'm deployed in afghanistan currently and hike miles a day over mountains and streams.  The regular issued boots were killing my feet.  If I didnt get shot, those boots were going to be the end of me. so I decided to buy a pair of these boots. The sizing was spot on. The size I usually wear worked perfectly with these.  Now I am hiking all over the mountains of this place and dont ever worry about my feet.
B000VX03GC Really like these boots! Would have given 5 stars but the fit is tight. I wear a 8 in a dress shoe and 8.5 in boots. These are tight at 8.5 on my foot.  Have worn them twice at 4 hours each time.  They are working in but still tight.  Love the look and the sole of these handsome boots.
B000VX03GC Nice boots! These boots are very comfortable! They seem sturdy enough for the rugged outdoors and I suspect I'll get many years out of them.
B000VX03GC Like these boots I got these boots very quick after I ordered them. I looked at the women's hiking boots, but couldn't find any that I liked, so I ordered these. I ordered one and a half sizes smaller in the men's boots than I normally wear in a womans and they fit perfectly. I'm very pleased with the way they look, and they are comfortable as well. I was shopping for general boots I can wear in the witner time, and also have a few camping trips planned for this coming year and needed something good for hiking, and stomping around in in cold weather. So far, I'm very happy with them, however I've just been able to wear them around town, no hiking yet. As usual with Timberland, they take a while to break in, but once broken in, they are good as gold. I look forward to wearing them on my first camping/hiking trip next month.
B000VX03GC Favorite boots I've worn these for ten years extremely comfy only and durable. These are my favorite everyday boots. Great on a trail or out at the bar
B000VX03GC Best Boots Ever! These boots are light weight and very comfortable.. I just bought a new pair and gave them away to someone going to Haiti to do work there...he needed good boots, and we wear the same size, so I gave him my boots.  I've already ordered another pair...great boots.  This makes my 5th pair of these...maybe 6th...I've lost count.  As long as Timberland keeps making these boots, I'll be buying them.
B000VX03GC Used boots on first shipment Received first order and discovered that boots were used. soles had dirt, wear creases in the leather and all tags removed. Boots also were smaller than size (I assume this is why they were returned before). Returned this pair of boots, and requested an exchange. 2nd pair were exactly as expected. Brand new and sizing correct. I really like this boot. I am giving only 3 stars because I was disappointed that amazon would ship a used product and pretend that it was new. This was my first bad experience with receiving an Amazon order.
B000VX03GC Very comfortable Boots fit very well & are very comfortable. They look just like the pictures. I would recommend them to a friend.
B000VX03WQ Am I really wearing these awesome boots? Never before have I owned a pair of all-weather hiking boots as comfortable as these Euro HIker boots...I sometimes forget that they are still on my feet as I retire to a sheltered resting place for considerable time...I wear a size 9-1/2 shoe (from most manufacturers) so I purchased these boots one-half size larger to accommodate two pair of socks for each and a simple, low-cost Dr. Scholls type insert that helps to control perspiration which I fit to all of my recreational (athletic) footwear...In my opinion and experience, these boots are of intelligent design, superior construction and incredible performance-to-price value...Thank you, Timberland!
B000VX03WQ Quality Boot I bought these thinking I was gonna get a good set of boots, but instead I got a GREAT set of boots.
B000VX03WQ Great boots for the money. Out-freakin-standing service.  Boots arrived sooner than promised.  Customer service is the best.  Boots themselves have a broken in feeling to them right out of the box.
B000VX03WQ Love the colors Love these boots...they are super fresh and hearty. They make you feel like a boss. haha. Would recommend that you go down a size from your athletic shoe size when ordering these boots though. I had to send my 11 Wides back in place for the 10.5 Medium width boots. Now the boots fit perfectly!
B000VX03WQ amazing boots I have been using this model of boots for more than 8 years and I only have one word for them, amazing!!!!
B000VX03WQ VERY NICE BOOTS These boots fit well and have quality construction. My GO TO boots for Fall and Winter. The boots have a very classy look.
B000VX03WQ Walking on air I highly recommend these boots for hiking or casual wear.I received my pair of Euro Hiker boots for Christmas 2011 and went on my first hike in them on New Year's Eve. We went on a short hike up Squaw Peak, Phoenix, Arizona, and took our time with it. It was an incredibly comfortable hike in these boots. They provide excellent padding on the feet and good support for the ankles.Of note, they are a bit wider than the typical boot fit. Pull the laces tight and you can compensate for this.
B000VX03WQ Great set of boots These boots hold up very well. They typically last me a long time.  They are very durable and light.  They are non insulated, so if you need insulation, look towards the pro series.
B000VX04PC Timberland These boots were scheduled to come in 3-5 business days but actually came about 2 weeks later, not sure what the delay was about...but anyway I was gonna give these 5 stars but the boots had a few minor scuffs on them like they been worn a couple times. Another issue I had is the boots came with no receipt or nothing, just boots and a box.
B000VX4WOG Four Stars Great boots, but run slightly larger than previous hiking boots i've owned.  Caused some ankle rubbing because of this
B000XEA5ZI very comfortable boots These boots are very comfortable I recommend to anybody on there feet,I  give these boots a 5stars you wont regret it
B000XEA5ZI Timberland boots Last pair of timberland arrived two weeks late this pair arrived 5 days early which was great look different than other boots but still good, need than for security work do a lot of patrols so need sturdy boots will buy again when need. Hard to buy big sizes in Australia.Chris NSW  Australia
B000XEA5ZI decent boots Hello, folks.Before you buy this boots, check sizes on Timberland web, it can be a little bit bigger than you are expecting. Probably not a best choice for hot weather. Your spin will say "Thank you!" for that boots. Can't say how it durable, will see. I don't have any regrets of purchase for now.
B000XEA5ZI so far so good. :) i love the looks of them also. and great grip on surfaces. i wear them as duty boots at the firehouse and wear them a tad loose just so i can slip them off if we get a fire call. im glad i bought these. my other boots are 11 wide so i bought these 11.5 wide, and they fit excellant. id def recommend these boots to anyone who needs a tough abrasion resistant steel toe  electric hazard protection and waterproof boots.  if somthing changes or the boot fails, ill be sure to update this review!
B000XEA5ZI Great pair of boots These boots are very comfortable. I actually use these when I go for walks and they have held up great. I'm a big guy and tend to go through boots pretty quick. Been a few months now and still loving them. Required virtually no break in time.
B000XEA5ZI Great boots and customer service These are the only boots worn at work so I knew what size I needed to purchase and how the boots should look/feel. Also when I purchased the boots it was not until looking at the confirmation email that I realized I had sent them to the wrong address. The boots were already shipped but amazon quickly changed the shipping location and I got the boots one day later than originally stated.
B000XEA5ZI Timberland Pro Steel Trax Work Boots got these boots after three pairs of timberland pro pitboss steel toes, those boots are great, these boots seem to be even better, work construction in them every day and they seem to be holding up a bit better, two complaints though, one being they do not have the four hooks at the top which I like better because I can get them tighter and they stay tighter, instead these have regular lace eyelets, and for the life of me I find it harder than it should be to get these tight, the second thing being is they run quite bigger than normal timberland pros for some reason, I would say get a half size smaller than you normally would, other than that they seem perfect! Highly recommended, you cant go wrong with Timberland Pros, they are the best! Also they do not have a pull tab, which these boots need to get in and out of since the shank or lack there of sucks
B000XEA5ZI tough boots great boots very rugged im an ironworker an work 12 to 14 hrs a day these boots have been great so far the only downside for me was the break in
B000XEA5ZI Great boots. These boots are very comfortable. Just what I needed to do my job in the electric department. You should try them out.
B000XEAA0S Timberland Boots. The Boot is a little large around my foot, like it is made for a wider foot.I liked the outer material for being waterproof, boots are comfortable,all around a good pair of boots.
B000XEAA0S Great Boots !! I recommend these boots to anyone looking for decent working boots. They're very comfortable and is definitely worth the money.. Must buy !!
B000XEACHO TIMBERLAND PRO 47001 THIS BOOTS IS LIGHT.PUT IN DOUBLE LAYER OF INSOLE, N IT GIVE THE PROTECT YOUR ANGKLE VERY COMFORTABLE PLUS YOUR FOOT , WATERPROOF ONLY A SHORT WHILE AFTER SIX MONTHS ,BOTTOMS OF THE BOOTS ,THE HEEL,WORN VERY FAST , THE MATERIALS NOT DURABLE. CANNOT WITHSTAND LONG TIME WALKING ON GROUNDS,THE BOTTOMS OF THE WHOLE BOOTS ,( THE HEEL), NEED TO IMPROVE , BETTER MATERAILS TO WITHSTAND ROUGH SURFACES, ( OVERALL THE BOOTS I CAN SAY IS VERY COMFORTABLE),HOPEFULLY IT CAN BE RETHREADED THE HEELS,
B000XEACHO What a beautiful pair of boots! I have been buying work boots for over 20 years and I tell you, these are the best work boots I have ever purchased. I haven't used them yet except to try them on and wear them around the house but the feel and quality stand out from the very first time I put these on.I usually buy the lowest price work boot that has all the safety equipment. This has recently lead to much frustration as the boots nowadays are made to be sold, not to last. There is a clear feel and difference to this boot. I decided to go with a boot that costs a little more but has a ton of customer satisfaction behind it. THIS IS THAT BOOT!People said it was comfortable and durable. Well, I can vouch for the comfort part and now I just need to wait for old man winter to show his face so I can prove the durable part. I always buy my boots at the beginning of winter so as to get the best bang for the buck, Usually, by the time summer rolls around, my cheap boots already have holes in them but it doesn't matter because it is spring and summer and I don't need to worry about freezing water getting to my toes. So they last until next winter approaches and I buy the next year's pair of boots and the cycle repeats. Something tells me I won't need to worry about that this year. :)My next goal is to put these boots on my wish list. I assume that, by the Thanksgiving black Friday sales, I will be able to find these boots at an even better price than I found them here. If I do, then I plan to pick up at least one, if not two more and for all I know that could be five years worth of good quality boots that I would be investing inUpdate: Dec 4th, 2013. These boots have just been broken in. It only took a few days working in them and they already fit like a glove. Very comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I like them so much that I just ordered a second pair for 30% off during the black Friday sale. Excellent deal and I think I just bought many years worth of boots! ;) I don't mind. By the time these wear out I can imagine how much boots will cost so the savings from inflation alone is going to be significant. I also don't need to worry about growing out of them since I'm not a kid any more.If I can mange to leave my job in a few years I could have hiking boots for life! That I would not mind at all given the quality of this boot
B000XEACHO Damn good boots So far very good. I have used boots while working concrete for 4 weeks and the boots are comfortable (after breaking in) , waterproof and tough. Exactly what I needed
B000XEACHO Timberland Boots I work construction and am on my feet and on the go all day. I'm always looking for a good pair of boots. These boots fit so well and are so comfortable I will never buy any boot other than Timberland!!!
B000XEACHO Great boots Timberland boots are the most comfortable boots I have worn in 35 years on the job, on my feet with these boots 40 hours a week.
B000XEAJOK Good boots Exactly what I was looking for good fitting boots. I don't know what else to say about the boots I bought.
B000XEAJOK work boots boots are very nice, the only problem I have is the boots was really hard time get on. maybe they will stretch  over time.
B000XEAJOK well made i work in a foundry so the boots have to withstand walkin on hot iron all day and these boots did well they have lasted almost a year and are very well made the only problem i had was the first month of wearing them they rubbed my ankles raw and real uncomfortable but after breaking them in they were an all around good boot
B000XEAJOK Bad experience all the way around First of the stars are not because of the second problem I had but I would like to mention it. I have had the boots for about 4-5 days. I have a normal size foot, I wear an 11 in normal sneakers and I got an 11 2e in these boots. They sent me the wrong size I ordered a little larger to accommodate for the insoles I put in and because I don't want a boot squeezing my feet all day. These boots are so tight around the shaft that it takes an act of god to get them to go all the way on. But these boots are beautiful I love how they look. The material is fantastic, and the water proofing is great. Now about the other situation I placed the order or July 30th. I didn't receive these boots till August 11th. That's totally unacceptable I have amazon prime and I think that shipping should be a little faster considering I spend 80 a year on it.
B000XEAJOK Great boots!!!! This are my second pair of boots from Amazon, i've been using timberland boots for long time and i love the brand, but this boots in specific are the best i ever had, I live in Costa Rica where rains 10 months a year and this boots are 100% water proof tested!!!!! real confortable boots for all day long, they large a little but nothing you can't fix whit thiker socks, im very very happy whit this boots!!!!!!!!
B000XEAKWG Nice Boot, Well Made I've had these boots for over a year now, and they are still holding together quite well.  The boots are very comfortable, and the quality of construction is top.  I would recommend these boots to others.
B000XEAKWG Great boots! I bought these boots because I work in the field of disaster recovery - specifically with water damage.  I am now confident I can go into any situation wearing these and not only be comfortable but also be protected from moisture.  Bonus...no shoestrings to mess around with at the end of the day.  Just slip the boots off easily.
B000XEAKWG Authentic, comfortable, and durable! Most of the reviews seem to laud praises on these boots as work boots, but I'd like to add my appreciation for these boots as casual wear boots!  I wear them almost daily, and they work and fit exactly as advertised.  I have a wide foot, so I ordered the wide size, and they fit PERFECTLY!  While I may not do any hard work in these boots, they have been through some rugged country where I am here in the Northwestern US.  Perhaps the most notable feature of these boots is their ability to keep your feet cool!  I have a pair of much shorter hiking boots that are much, much hotter than these cool and comfortable mid - calf rise boots.  They are also absolutely waterproof, as I have found walking through some streams on fishing excursions.Being that they're worn in a very dusty environment, I simply use a damp, old washcloth to wipe the dust off the leather and soles, and I lightly buff out any scratches at the end of each day.  This is a very short task, and with this small maintenance, they look just like the day I got them, with a few small scratches that simply add character.These boots truly deliver comfortable, genuine usability at a reasonable price!
B000XEAM10 THESE ARE THE MOST COMPFORTABLE BOOTS IVE OWNED THESE BOOTS ARE WELL WORTH THE MONEY MY FEET DONT HURT AFTER WORK AND MY BACK FEELS BETTER ,I WILL BUY THEM AGAIN
B000XEAM10 Built for work! I wear these boots nearly everyday for twelve hour shifts and my feet feel fine.  I have had Timberland boots before and they stand up to the test, which was my prime reason for purchasing them. I researched other sites for boots, and returned to Amazon for the prime reason of buying the best for the least amount.
B000XEAM10 Great Fit I purchased the Timberland Titan Boots for motorcycling.  The leather is soft and supple.  The boots feels broken it the moment you slip your feet into them.  The only drawback is the top of your foot feels the motorcycle shifter when you up-shift changing gears.  I'd still rather have a confortable boots over a stiff heavy motocycle boots.
B000XEAMXS The most comfortable boots I've ever worn! I've had a lot of work boots in my life and I came across these online and figured I'd give them a chance based on the reviews that it got.  I'm 100% satisfies with my purchase and since my company pays for 75% of the cost per year I will be buying more of these even if I don't need them, just to have.  They are that good!  If they get scuffed all you have to do is buy some wax for it and shine them up a bit and they look brand new every time you wear them.  Your feet, legs and back will thank you!  Enjoy!
B000XEAMXS Best boots I have ever worn! I discovered these boots back in 1998. I just received my fifth pair. I am very hard on boots as I work in an industrial setting and these boots get exposed to grease, oil, paint and solvents, and all kinds of chemicals, but they hold up extremely well. I have never had a pair open at the seams or even had a toe wear through. The leather is very tough. Right out of the box these boots feel like they have already been broken in. I buy the wide toe and they are so comfortable. Please wait until after I retire before you stop making these boots!!!
B000XEAMXS Best Shoes Ever! The package was so light we thought they forgot to include the shoes. The composite toes are very strong, my husband works construction and has been very satisfied with these boots. Thank you Timberland for a wonderful product! (oh, I would suggest to all construction workers that they buy the toe capping paint for all their boots, it's this goop that you paint on the toe of your boots and it hardens, it really lengthens the life of your boots)
B000XEAMXS Well made boots These boots are well made & soft. Composite toe gives good protection. Very comfortable. The only complaint is they're not as slip resistant as my other boots. I work in a mechanic shop & so I have to be a little more careful.
B000XEAPDA Great work Boots! I love my new boots! I work in Amazon warehouses all over the U.S. And I have to walk ALL day so I've been looking for a great pair of boots that feel very good and I think I found what I was looking for! Only thing about the boots that I don't mind but some people will is that they scuff pretty easily so they'll have that &#34;used&#34; look in less than a week if you don't treat them well but honestly I was looking for Great boots to work in. They're still really nice and I expect them to last for awhile. The best thing about them has to be that I can walk through a metal detector with them on because they're not steel toe and because of that they feel MUCH lighter which means you won't get fatigued as quickly.  I definitely recommend these boots to any guy needing great boots. It's much easier if you're a construction worker and you don't have to always take your boots of going through a metal detector!
B000XEAPDA size 15 comfortable and affordable...2 small issue though I wanted Red Wing boots again, but the price always seems to high. These boots are comfortable! The laces are whimpy though, and dont stay snug when tightened. I'll be replacing them with a tougher work boot lace. The only other issue....one of the metal eyelet lace holes gave up the ghost and I had to super glue it :)....still, boots look good, are very comfortable, and they're affordable. hard to find all three in a size 15 boot!
B000XEAPDA Great boots I always put work insoles in my boots, and buying the wide width boots works perfectly. The boots are comfortable, and bend very well. I would recommend these boots to anyone working in the maintenance industry.
B000XEAPDA Nice boots these boots arrived ready to be worn comfortably straight from the box. I am very satisfied with these boots; the leather is soft and appears to be durable.
B000XEAPDA very good boots This is my 4th pair of these boots they are perfect out the box, no break in time, same size every time ,I like how light they are also,I cant say enough of the comfort and fit of these boots.
B000XEAPDA Great boots for the money! Bought these boots for an upcoming work site that required composite toe to enter through a metal detector without setting it off and these do that job. They are very comfortable and I didn't even notice a break in period. Bought a 14 wide and it fit as expected and is very nice.
B000XEAPDA Not W enough Even though the boots are tagged 13W, they fit like a regular. I will not be able to wear these boots. I have always worn 13W shoes/boots.The boots appear to be well made.
B000XEAPDA Been wearing Timberland boots for years Comfortable, long-lasting boots.  If you need safety toe boots at a reasonable price, you won't do better than these.  Tried some Converse boots last year.  They were good, comfortable boots that just didn't hold up as well as I thought they should.  Generally get 2 yrs or a little more from Timberland.
B000XEAPDA Nice boots! They are some of the nicest boots I owned so far. I was looking for something that I could wear through the metal detectors at the airports, and they do a very good job at this. They are lighter than the traditional steel cap boots, but not as bulky as some of the other composite ones. Sizing was fine, I bought my usual size and they fit nicely.They do not have any metal fittings, and only time will tell if the plastic ones are durable enough, but they look to be quite well made. After one day of wearing they definitely feel very comfortable and they did not hurt my feet at all.For the price I think they are a good deal, and if they last 18-24 months I will buy them again.
B000XEAPDA Decent work boot I spent quite a bit of time looking into good work boots which involved a lot of driving and shopping. Finally I decided to just order online and found these boots for what I found to be quite reasonable in comparison to others. The composite toe is nice which makes them lighter. They fit fairly well and provide the basic needs in a pair of boots. My one complaint would be overall comfort. There isn't much padding or comfort at the back of the heel and the insole isn't very comfortable. In comparison to cheaper boots though, these are a good pair.
B000XEAPDA Best Boots I've Ever Owned I am a farmer and work long, hard days on my feet and these boots couldn't be better. The soles of the boots are very comfortable and the material at the top of the shoe (part that touches your leg) is also very comfortable. These boots have a "composite" toe which is stronger than steel toes and doesn't get cold in the winter and freeze your toes! Boots are also slip resistant, although I haven't ever really needed that feature. Boots are made of high quality leather too! Love these boots and use them every day... would recommend to anyone!
B000XEAPDA A steal with no steel I needed some comfortable work boots I could easily travel with. I normally don't wear work boots when I travel (can't stand having to remove them to pass through security) so I'm forced to pack them in an overnight bag. Once they've been squeezed into the bag, there is little room for anything else.These boots are comfortable enough to wear all day and the composite toes means security is not an issue.They're almost good enough to pass as regular boots.
B000XEBTHG These Boots Rock! Ok, its not easy to get excited about a pair of work boots, especially from a devout couch potato like myself, but these boots deliver on every promise.  I needed new boots for tree cutting in northern New England, so the insulation and steel toe were mandatory.  While I hope to never put the steel toe to the test, the insulation and comfort level of these boots is nothing short of outstanding.I've used them on rough, uneven terrain and they perform well.  Despite the higher stance compared to cheaper boots, one doesn't feel unstable walking in unforgiving lands.  They fit very well (consider trying some on if possible, for I normally wear a 9.5 and bought a 10) and greatly enhance your ankle's ability to maintain an upright stance.My only two objections are minor.  The boots quickly lost their good looks after minor use, but hey, they're work boots and have come to look the part.  Oh, and it would be nice if they were made somewhere other than China.
B000XEBX4K love these boots I work construction building houses and these boots are great. from the cold (-20 below to 100+ my feet are always comfortable
B000XEEQAI Timberland pros I am very pleased with the price I gave for these boots. They are fairly comfortable considering they are work boots. I like the light weight carbon fiber toes on these boots the best, they are considerly lighter than steel toe boots. The only negative is the plastic on the bottom of the boots peel off. Overall I would still recommend these boots to anyone, especially if your like me and you stand on concrete for 8 plus hours a day.
B000XEEQAI Very Comfortable Although I have only had them for a week they are very comfortable. Feet don't seem to get as hot like in other boots.
B000XEEQAI I love these boots These boots are light and the leather is very comfortable.  This is actually the first time I ordered these boots online , but they are my third pair of this boot from Timberland.  I highly recommend these for work.
B000XEEQAI Great boots You can never go wrong with Timberland boots.  They are the most comfortable of the mid-priced range of boots, and they are very durable.
B000XEEQAI exellent boots. These boots are comfortable from the moment you put them on.  Very lightweight, well made boot. Highly recommend these boots.
B000XEEQAI Delighted Very nice comfortable boots right from the box. They even look good.Amazon price and shipping were great and I hope these boots will last aswell as my old Timberlands did.
B000XEEQAI Boots are comfy at first Very comfortable at first. And very lightweight. But they seem to wear quickly. The soles seem to lose their cushion faster than other boots I have bought from Timberland.
B000XEEW9S Great riding boots I purchased these boots for Harley Davidson motorcycle riding. They are incredibly comfortable first time out. Used them on a recent trip to Mammoth. Rode with them and did some hiking as well. They are really a quality boot.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Titan Boots These boots are the best. As someone who spends a lot of time on my feet and has a hard time finding boots that fit my large foot size, it is great to get boots that actually fit correctly and hold up well. Also, it is nice to get them at a price that is affordable. As usual, Amazon shipped them quickly and arrived within a couple days. This is the second pair of these I have bought and will buy them again.
B000XEH2JA Great Boots I just got rid of the same boot i got in 2006 they still felt good but bottom sole was slit but great boots had them for 7 years.thank you i will always get these boots.
B000XEH2JA Great Comfort Love the comfort of theses boots!! I put several miles on my feet in a days work, problem is they wear out with in 6 to 10 months.  I have tried other brand boots but by the end of the first week my feet and legs are killing me, so i will deal with how quick they wear out for the comfort i get from my Timberland Boots !! I also got a great price on these boots on Amazon.
B000XEH2JA great boots if you are looking for some light weight boots, this is it, very comfortable, will order again, awsome boots for work
B000XEH2JA flyfish Needed steel toe boots that were durable and MOSTLY comfortable.  These fit the bill.  They are the MOST comfortable boots I have had.  I even used them recently on an 8 mile hike over my hiking boots.  I've had them over a year, and durability is very good, although I try and keep them out of mud/muck.  I did seal them with oil and silicone.The right shoe waa bit bigger than the left, so had to buy inserts and wear thick socks.  The sizes seem a bit bigger than labeled.Overall, very happy and Amazon did have the best price, although it took 3 weeks from order to get them.
B000XEIZ7S Awesome Boot I have a very hard time finding work boots that feel comfortable and fit right!!!! But these boots changed all that for me!!!! Even after a full 12 hour day on my feet these boots still feel comfortable. And you could not ask for a better fit. I have been wearing these boots for two years now, and they look a little rough but they are as comfortable as the day I bought them!!!! These are the ONLY boots I will wear now!!! I fully recommend to anyone needing a serious work boot with serious comfort!!!!
B000XEIZ7S Timberlake Boots The Timberland boots that I ordered fit as expected.  They are comfortable and don't need to be broken in much more.
B000XEIZ7S Dont think about it. Buy, try, buy again These boots are by far the most comfortable boots I've worn in 30 years in my industry. Comfortable right out of the box.
B000XEIZ7S Great boots Comfortable, durable, good-looking are all words I would call these boots. Highly recommend for every day wear or work wear.
B000XEIZ7S Great Comfortable Boots! I bought these boots for my husband.  The local shoe shop in my home town that we always buy them from was charging approximately $125 for the past few years and now the same boots costs $250.00. We cannot afford that high price.  I was glad to find the same boots on Amazon.com.  He has worn this same brand of steel toe boots for over 10 years. They are totally worth the money!  The boots are extremely comfortable, durable and always lasts at least for one year or longer. They are excellent for anyone who's on their feet all day long when working in construction, electrical, factory work ect.. to where your feet need to be protected from the weather and anything that can fall on them.  They are waterproof, as well as great traction on the soles.  I will continue to buy these boots for my spouse and would highly recommend them to anyone. I may buy a second pair just because the price is right and I know he will need them anyhow later on.
B000XEIZ7S Great boots I work around a lot of chemicals and water, and my boots keep my feet dry for my 14hr days.  They are really light as compared to most other boots i have looked at.  A lot of guys where I work complain that their feet are wet all the time.  I have never had that problem and I have worn this style boot for 5 years.  I get new boots once a year.  I think they are one of the best safety toe boots available.Prices varied from about $130 to $160.
B000XEIZ7S The only boots I wear These boots are the only ones I wear at work, they are like wearing sneakers all day.  They hold up to the job site very well and look great doing it.  I have had several heavy items fall on my toes and have never once been injured wearing these boots.
B000XEIZ7S Excellent boots I've been wearing these boots for over a year now (not every day), and they haven't shown any signs of age.  They fit extremely well and are extremely comfortable to wear for long periods of time.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots I repurchased the same make of Timberland boots after using them for 7 years. They were great boots, so I went and purchased the same one. Very comfortable and sturdy.
B000XEIZ7S Best boots,hands down. I am a union carpenter in Chicago and am on my feet 8-16 hrs a day. Had these boots in 2012 and wore them to the point that they were unsafe to wear. 2013 I thought I would try Red Wings Irish Settlers. Worst boots I have owned in my entire life. I could not wear the boots for more than 5 hrs, feet and legs would hurt so bad. Payed double for those s*** boots compared to these timberland boots and threw them out after 6 months. Will never buy anything else. I'm sorry I cheated on these boots and didn't buy replace them immediately after my first pair wore out because I wanted to try something else, clearly I was the one that end up suffering buy not buying these timberlands.
B000XEIZ7S Good boots and very lightweight These boots are very comfortable and lightweight.  The break-in time is only a few minutes.  I have had several pairs of these and the quality has gone up with each successive pair, but they still will not last as long as a pair of Redwing boots.  This is a trade off as these are lighter and more comfortable than Redwings.
B000XEIZ7S Good lightweight boots. These boots are just as described.  They are lightweight and fit rather well.  I have tried to find many.........these I'd recommend.
B000XEIZ7S These boots won't disappoint you! Exceptional boots! Worth every cent!! The size was perfect, the boots are sturdy and well made. They passed all my husbands tests and he's hard on his boots!
B000XEIZ7S COMFORTABLE! I bought these along with another model of Timberland boots with steel toes for comparison.  The first thing that struck me right out of the box was how comfortable and pliable these boots were.  They felt nearly broken in already.  They got even better after a month of heavy use.I used a scale to weigh these versus the other boots and these were about 100g less each boot (I forget the actual weight, but I did make note of the difference - but they were somewhere between 700-800g each boot if I recall correctly).  That may not seem like much but I believe it makes a difference if you wear these boots all the time.  Kind of like the difference between 16oz and 18oz boxing gloves that can cause all sorts of arguments in a dressing room.I've had these about 6 weeks and they look great and again are very comfortable.  I was worried about steel toes on a motorcycle but these are so flexible I never had issues switching gears, which is what I thought might be the case.  Also these aren't steel, but some kind of titanium alloy, hence the Titan name - and the weight difference.I LOVE these boots, and they will only get better with time.  These are work boots, however, and while I've owned non-work boots that have lasted me 10+ years, I will be happy if these last me 2.
B000XEIZ7S Great boots I really enjoyed wearing these boots, I wear them all day almost everyday for work without any complains. However, after it got damage i bought another timberland boots which was same pro series but a little different. the model is 24/7.... This booths is soooooo uncomfortable, it has almost no cushion inside the sole feels like concrete. I regret buying this boots, so if you are looking for a good boots that will hold up for a very longtime get the Titan. Its the best.
B000XEIZ7S New boots Nice pair of boots. Quite comfortable. Nicely priced. Will probably last me forever. Needed the electrial hazard rating for work.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland PRO boot review The Timberland PRO line of boots is, IMHO, an exceptional line of footwear.  After MANY years of trying various brands of boots I found and have continued to use the boots in this line for the past 6-8 years.  The boots require no break-in, ie they are comfortable and can be worn for an entire day straight out of the box.  Also they are very light when compared with many other safety-toed boots. For me this is important because I am frequently on my feet 8-12 hours a day.  Note: long before the uppers wear out the sole of the boots tend to crack across the ball of the boot, however this is after wearing them for 10-12 months. This has been the case with the last 6 pairs I have owned.
B000XEIZ7S Lightweight boots Fast delivery. Needed a good pair of boots for my job. These boots are very comfortable and are good waterproof boots so far they have kept my feet dry. They are also lightweight. I got a size 8.5 at first but were tight so I returned them for a size 9. The customer service people were very helpful and worked with me and had no problem exchanging them.
B000XEIZ7S Awesome!!! I have had a Timberland Pro boots for a while and they have held up well except for a seam that opened on the side.  Timberland doesn't make that design and that's a good thing.  The new boots are the most comfortable boots I have ever put on.  Almost like slippers. The quality is top notch and soft to walk in.  I won't buy another brand but Timberland.  I bought to other boots for my sons but they were the Helix Safety Boot because that's what he wanted.  Not as comfortable for me and slightly heavier too.  These are beautiful and comfortable  Great job!!
B000XEJ3HO timby titan boots First and foremost, you will almost always find your best prices thru amazon.com., trust me I have searched and still do. The deals that are to be found are usually limited sizing and/or styles. I usually always end up coming back to amazon.  The timberland titan 6" boot in the soft toe and composite toe are unquestionably the most comfortable boots you can own if you are on your feet all day...my work days are no less than 10 hours. Despite taking good care of all my equipment, I usually never have boots longer than 6 to 8 months because of various and harsh environments/conditions that I place the boots in. I buy these boots because comfort is the most important thing for me, and there isn't anything I have found to match them. Please know they have other redeeming qualities such as waterproofing, etc. Timberlands 6" direct attach is also a very comfortable boot and would be a solid purchase also. Boots always delivered in timely manner.
B000XEJ9V4 Not recommended for Everyday Work boots. I had to return two pairs of boots within the last year for warranty coverage.  Mind you, this is after very light use.  I do not wear the boots everyday all day long, maybe once or twice a week for 1 to 2 hours at a clip.  The first problem was the stitching pulling apart.  The second problem was they were not waterproof as advertised. I was only in 2" of snow and my feet were saturated within 2 hours.  The quality of Timberland boots has significantly declined within recent years, hence a good review from a 3-year old pair of boots.  It is very unlikely that I will buy another Timberland workboots.  Oh, you have to pay for shipping to Timberland for warranty coverage on a pair of boots that didn't work.  I would recommend looking at Gortex, Wolverines, Chippewas and/or Red Wing boots before spending money on these.  The only good thing I have to say about these boots is they were comfortable, just not practical for work.
B000XEJ9V4 new boots there just ok nothing special and not worth the money,should have bought the chippewa boots. I thought I was buying american made boots but there from the dominican republic
B000XEJ9V4 The "PRO" makes all the difference So my relationship with Timberland boots started poorly. I bought a pair of the regular Timberland boots and they were awful. Felt like you were walking on cardboard. I was complaining to a family member about them one day and said I'll never buy another pair of timberland boots. He told me that I needed to try the timberland PRO boots. So I did.My first pair, I bought about 2 years ago, were the 6" Direct attach Steel toe boot. I LOVED THEM. I still have them, and after 2 years they are still comfortable, completely waterproof and look pretty good. Due to the fact that they were the only boots I had, they were worn for work and with jeans casually, so they are now marked up and relegated to work boots only. Just last week I was scrubbing grout from shower tiles and had the water running on these 2 year old boots for about 30 minutes as I stood in the shower and my feet were bone dry.I purchased these 8" soft toe boots just to wear with jeans. I can't emphasize this enough, both of these PRO boots ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOE (NOT JUST BOOT) I'VE EVER WORN. No problem being on your feet in them all day, plus they look great with a pair of jeans
B000XEJ9V4 Fantastic boots! Timberland never ever disappointed me...got 5-6 pairs of Timb boots and everyone fits well and very comfy. So this on is not exception.I would recommend them to everyone because of their strenght and durability
B000XEJ9V4 Comfortable, but not enduring I went on hiking twice after buying this product and a little patch on the boots got peeled off. Amazon did a great job in this and sent me a new pair immediately, but this new pair was even less enduring. After a one-week trip, the outside of the boots looked miserable. The bright side is that the boots are still very comfortable, and they are extremely helpful in terms of climbing and hiking.
B000XEJ9V4 work boots for my husband we have a very hard time finding these boots and we weren't sure about ordering them online.  But, they were a Prime product, and I do trust Amazon so we did order them.  They are exactly like the ones and fit like the ones we would go miles for and got them in only two days.  Not bad at all
B000XEKHOC good boots This is the second time i edit my review as overtime things change and i want people to know how durable these were with me. I work on a farm so im always moving and always on my feet. The first couple months the boots were amazing even water did not get in when the brush was wet. I've had these for about a year know and the boots themselves are still in great condition considering the type of work i do. A couple months in the water did start to seep into the boots in the wet mornings but not much as easy. My biggest problem with these is that the insoles wore out (yea i walk a lot) the insoles aren't as durable as the actual boots. I replaced the insoles and the boots are still in great condition. I did at first give the boots four stars then i edited the review and gave them five, and now im editing the review again and going back down to four just because of the insoles. I still think the boots are a great buy.
B000XEKHOC Timberland PRO 26036 These are great looking boots that fit like a glove. True to size. Looking forward to wearing these boots this winter
B000XEKHOC Timberlan Pro Work Boot I've had these boots a little over a month now and have found them to be very comfortable.  They are true to size and are light weight compared to other boots I've had.  The only thing I wish they had are the speed laces at the top.  That would make them much easier to put on.
B000XEKHOC Love these boots Great for hunting and getting in the mud. Good. Damn. Boots. And they make you like a foot taller, which is kind of cool.
B000XEKHOC Timberline Boots The boots are constructed well and fit my expectations. I did not have to break them in. They were comfortable from the start. The insoles are soft to my feet. Thank you; Donald Ray Watson
B000XEKHOC they are a dream come true they are really comfortable, and fit as expected.  not to mention they arrived a day earlier. I recommend these boots
B000XEKHOC great quality boots i have seen  alot of timberland boots at the store here in trinidad- but never this oneam real pleased with the strength and quality
B000XEKHOC Timberland PRO Men's boot The quality of the boots are just as good as the Timberland boots I had for the past ten years.
B000XEKHOC good boots sofar good boots sofar had these boots for awhile didn`t use much ,still new, work in mechanic enviromentbeen comfortable this last weeksmiling on fridayive been wearing boots all my lifethey wearout no doubtbut when there new they feel greatbut remember i wear my boots for the money`s worthso in 6 months i`ll be thinking of a new pair:)
B000XEKHOC Best boots ever. These boots fit great and were comfortable straight out of the box... no break-in required.  I work in a lab and stand up most of the day, and these boots keep my feet happy.  I'm also a motorcycle rider, and these boots do great on the bike too.  They are sturdy and waterproof, making them good riding boots, but look nice enough for me to war to work.  I will definitely be ordering another pair if/when these wear out.
B000XEKHOC These boots are made for walking. This was my first pair of Timberland boots and I must say that they have made quite an impression. The fit is the most comfortable from all of the boots I own, making this a great work boot. Ive taken these babies on rides on the motorcycle and these do an amazing job with oil and other slippery terrain. The only complaint I have is the fact that they keep your feet on the warmer side when you wear them long enough, but I am sure I wont complain when the winter hits. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase, and with comparison to local retailers it is a great bargain.
B000XEKHOC Good Boots These boots last a long time for me. I work outdoors and the gravel sometime eat the soles of my boots. The heel of boots are not made of foamy stuff. That's a good thing.
B000XEKHOC Heavy Boots These boots are very durable and heavy. I would highly recommend these boots for a job that requires heavy lifting or construction.
B000XEKHOC great boots! 1st boots that i have bought in 30 years that are perfect! I love them the longer you wear them the better they feel. i dont write reviews but these boots deserve a review! they are $6 less than what i paid!
B000XEKHOC A nice boot I Bought these as a replacement for an older pair of Timberlands that suffered from asphalt rash.As someone familiar with Timberlands,I had certain expectations for these boots, and so far, I haven't been disappointed. The boots are lightweight, offer great ankle support , well-stitched, and broke in rather quickly.The best feature of all to me was the fact that they are sized true... A 10 1/2 is a 10 1/2,  a rarity in today's world!!The insulation has been a bonus with the cold winter we are having in our area, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these boots to anyone
B000XEKHOC great boots I mistakenly bought a pair of steel toe Timberland Pro working boots a week ago and ended up finding they were too heavy and too hard inside. My feet felt hurt while walking in them, so i exchanged them to this soft-toe one. This pair of boots look very cool. They are soft, comfortable while walking, relatively lighter than the boots of this kind and have a decent anti-slipper ability(i tested it by walking on the ice today and was very satisfied with the result). I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a pair of boots for normal use in winter. I am a college student.
B000XEKIUK Must have boots These boots are so comfortable that I wonder if I can wear them all day without the Hassle of people wondering why he won't take them off
B000XEKIUK bad boots these boots cause me pain in my feet and i never had sore feet but these boots give me pain . in the winter make my feet sweat like summer and summer  is terrible they are the worst TIMBERLAND PRO BOOTS  i think is a cheap replica if is so Amazon are responsible for this kind of product support , i bought these boots 5 months ago and the sole are already coming out don't buy this boots are the worst
B000XEKIUK Disappointed I have to wear work boots while standing and moving in my occupation anywhere from 40-80 hours a week.  This is my first pair of Timberland boots (although they are actually Timberland PRO) but I was excited because I have never purchased this brand and have heard amazing things about it.  Let us start with the bad--reasoning behind my rating:  boots take longer than expected to break in, the front of the boots curl up after a few weeks, aesthetically the boot does not appear to be Timberland quality and the material seems shoddy although it is durable, and finally the traction on these boots are horrible.  The past two years I have worn generic store brand boots that only lasted six months each but I have never slipped as much on wet/dry surfaces as I have with these boots.  It got to the point where I had to put these away until summer because I have slipped so badly with these on during this past winter.  As far as the good, these boots are very comfortable to wear all day while standing and will not leave you sore.  They add some subtle height to the wearer, and is waterproof to an extent.  I would not recommend purchasing these boots unless they are on sale and you plan to wear them in extremely, ideal weather conditions.
B000XEKIUK good boots love these boots i do construction work wear them everyday and they usually last about a year would definitely recommend
B000XEKIUK It Works Good I haven't had these boots very long and I still don't have them fully broken in. However, I think for the most part they are good boots. The fit feels a little tight but that may be because they aren't fully adjusted (broken in) to my feet yet. The only complaint I have at this point is the shoe strings weren't long enough to fit all the loops and leave room for tying. I had to skip the very first loop at the bottom and loop it all the way up just to have enough room to tie the boots good. So far though, these boots are doing what they are supposed to do for me at my factory job.
B000XEKIUK boots for many many years Great boots. nothing like timberland. this brand is just perfect for all!if you want quality, just buy this boots!!
B000XEKIUK Boots Worth The Money I bought these boots for my son who is on his feet all day doing construction and he says they are very comfortable.  He is extremely hard on boots and I hope these last him a while.  The price for these were the lowest I found online and with free shipping, these were a no brainer.
B000XEKIUK Good Boots These are quality boots, I'm a handyman who works his boots hard, but I've worn them every day for the past year and aside from some scuffing they still shine up nice and the steel toes have not gotten loose(I have that problem with lower quality footwear).  They shipped in a reasonable time and are still very comfortable after all this time, though through general wear I put some additional insoles in a couple of months ago for added support.  Highly recommended.
B000XEKIUK Very impressed by these boots I am a military veteran and have a boot collection that would rival the Kardashians collection of high heels. I would have to say that these boots are one of my favorite pairs out of my collection.I have owned a pair of these boots in black now for a year mainly to wear for side construction jobs. I have broken my toes so many times due to accidents but take comfort and can relax knowing that the durable steel in the tips of these boots are protecting my toes. The leather as lasted quite a bit of use and any scuffs come right out with an old fashion boot shining. The inside of the boots are well insulated and help to keep my feet both wear and dry during the winter season. The padding is enough to support my ankle while conforming to the curves of the arches of my feet. I do not have any issues standing for several hours at a time in these boots.Overall, a highly recommended product that has helped me pick up his brown industrial twin brother.
B000XEKIUK Very nice Boots are amazing. No matter what season it is or what you're doing, there are boots to go with i
B000XEKK94 Amazingly comfortable boots The timberland pro direct attach wheat is so comfortable and no break in is required. Im amazed that this boots felt so good the first time I tried them on compared to the milled (broken in) Dr. Martens which still required break in. Thanks amazon for giving us great prices on this brand.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots ! I am very particular about my boots. It only took a day to brake them in and they are very very comfortable. I would recommend buying these boots. I also just ordered ananother pair.
B000XEKK94 I love these boots These boots are perfect! I can wear them all day long. Great for working inside and outside, in all kinds of weather.
B000XEKK94 GREAT Boots! I bought these to replace my "6" basic boot" from Timberland. I'm in NYC construction and have never bought the "pro" version of Timberland boots until now. The pro version is definitely worth it! These boots are super comfortable even brand new - new "break in" period required!
B000XEKK94 Boots fit as described. I've always  bought Timberland Boots as a rule.  They have never disappointed me and I need rugged and durable boots that last.
B000XEKK94 Tough boot This is the 2nd time in 2 years I've ordered these for my husband, they are tough long lasting boots, could not find in stores, cheaper non pro series cost more In stores than these and they aren't as good.  Great quality boots
B000XEKK94 Shipped back right away. I don't know what to make of these boots. I've owned a lot of work boots, practically a new pair every nine to twelve months for twenty plus years, although I haven't had a set of Timberland boots in almost a decade.First thing I noticed was that they came pre-scuffed in several places even though they were clearly brand new, including what looked like vice marks on the sole. No big deal, the scuffs are small and they were going to be work boots not dress shoes. Then I noticed the welt to the sole was gouged in a couple of places, mostly across the curves of the fronts. It didn't seem to effect the seal of the sole to the body of the boot, so again for work boots it should be fine. Then the leather... This stuff had a PVC like feel to it, as though it was coated in something. Weird, not like any other leather boot I've owned but perhaps some special waterproofing. Next the synthetic material upper pad on one of the boots was cracked a bit, not a lot, but something it usually takes a winter of wear to happen. All of that and as mentioned in other reviews lined with Thermolite not Thinsulate. And that was before I tried the boots on.Well I needed new water resistant work work boots NOW, so I was ready to accept all of that if they fit. Many other reviews list this boot as fitting loose in the width. I have always worn 10.5 D (medium width boots) and I figured it would be fine, but if not it's getting cold so I could just grab some thick socks. So I lace them up, put them on and already it seems tight in the width. Really tight. Beyond &#34;new boots need broken in&#34; tight. I walk down the hall and back a bit, maybe 50 yards in total. Already I feel actual pain across the top width of my feet. What in the world! I've never had anything like this.I can only hope that by some fluke I ended up with a pair of factory seconds and this isn't typical of Timberland boot these days. Either way back they go (thank you Amazon for your great return policy) and off I go to find some replacements.
B000XEKK94 Boots was tested at -15 C My friend was very wondered. He said that this boots are very comfortable and warm. Boots were tested at -15 C. In Moscow, Russia.And now he taller than me. Because the sole is very thick, it's about 4 cm.
B000XEKK94 These Boots Are Made for Walkin' Great boots!  These Timberland Direct Attach boots are the second pair that I've owned.  I looked for my second pair of these boots in local retail stores and couldn't find them so I got another model of Timberland 6" boots that had safety toes and they were not as comfortable so I returned them to the retail store.  Wound up finding these Direct Attach 6" Soft Toes on Amazon at a terrific price.  One thing I noticed is that these Direct Attach 6" boots have more eyelets for the laces than the other Timberland 6" boots that I returned.  I think that makes a difference in the comfort and fit.  I live in the Pacific Northwest and have never had any waterproof issues.Very comfortable all day long!
B000XEKK94 Good  Boots Had these boots already and have worn out two sets. They work out great for me. This time I purchased two pairs so I have one set in reserve since my job destroys them.
B000XEKK94 Fits well out of the box, no break in required I have tried other boots and they just dont fit well these boots fit well out of the box. I dont get more than a year of use out of these, I guess thats normal as I am hard on boots.
B000XEKK94 A Good Fitting Boot I have had two pairs of these boots. The boots are very comfortable and are sized right for my foot. I use these boots in the snow and also when I go fishing. The waterproofing works very well. In my opinion a very good boot for price.
B000XEKK94 Great work boots These boots are incredible. Do NOT be alarmed by any negative reviews. Anyone who posted anything complaining about these boots probably complain about EVERYTHING!! There is nothing not to like. They are worth every dollar.
B000XEKK94 Nice boots These boots are comfortable from day one.  I had another pair of Timberland Pro boots I purchased in 2004 and wanted an exact replacement.  That style was no longer available and these appeared to be the closest match.  The sole is taller and different on this pair - waffle stomper soles like to pick up 1/4 minus gravel and cherry pits left by the birds.  The leather almost has a synthetic feel to it - I know it isn't but it just has a strange quality.  The boots tend to have a wider than usual footbed - I like having room for my foot to move in my boot.  If you have a normal size foot for your shoe size and like a snug boot, these might not be the ones for you.  I got a great price on Amazon and wear these boots every day in comfort.November 25, 2012 update:  The sole is kind of falling apart -- from the edges.  I wish I could have bought the old boots.February 5, 2013 update:  sole continues to chunk off.  I can't recommend these boots.
B000XEKK94 Comfortable boots It was nice not going to the store to get work boots.  I was surprised the fit was good right fromthe start. The boots are warm and dry so far and get more comfortable everyday.
B000XEKK94 Best boots I love these boots.  only Timberland boots I wear. I recommend them to anyone who works for a living. Enjoy
B000XEKK94 Fits I work outdoors and these boots have lasted longer than I expected. I walk on gravel and usually the gravel eats up the sole of shoe. Need more womens boots. :)
B000XEKK94 favorite boots this was a good price for these boots, always love this brand and style, will get lots of wear from these
B000XEKK94 The most comfortable pair of boots I've ever owned. I wear these boots like others wear sneakers. Great value for the money. I was looking for the black ones, but they are hard to find at a reasonable price. I was skeptical about the brown ones, but now that I have them, I can tell you they look really nice.
B000XEKK94 FANTASTIC BOOTS These boots are great.  Quick shipping, great seller.  I reccomend putting some sort of leather balsalm on the boots to give them a darker appearance.  Great fitting, and super comfortable.  Not as breathable as i would like, but i guess thats due to the extra layer of balsalm and water proofing.Overall, I will buy another pair at a later date. love these boots.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots Nothing better than Timberland Boots!!! Boots fit to size are great looking and comfortable. I will only buy Timberland Boots
B000XELF3O Confortable Boot I have mostly bought Timberland boots over the years and when I didn't I regretted it. These boots, although at first a little stiff, are very comfortable. It only took a couple days to get the stiffness out. I highly recommend them.
B000XELF3O Amazing boots. I got an amazing deal on these boots back in the winter, and the quality still surprises me to this day. I originally bought them for work after dealing with a loose-fitting and very uncomfortable off-brand pair of boots and it blew me away. There was no need for a breaking in period. Even today, now that I am out of physical labor, I still wear them because they feel excellent and look great!
B000XELF3O these boots fit me so good These boot rite here man keep my feet well protected all i can say is that these boots are so confortable..
B000XELF3O Tough and look good I tend to wear my boots until they are falling apart.  I figure they're just work boots and I spend most of my time in my office so why spend a lot of money.  Well, these boots last a long time, are tough and look good.  I highly recommend them.
B000XELF3O Great I've gone though many boots, I walk in water and beat them up. These boots are comfortable and tough. I've bought boots that cost twice as much and don't hold up like these. They seem to run a size small I normally wear a 10 and had to get a 9 1/2 in these.
B000XELF3O Nice Looking Boots! The souls just don't wear well,  I have gotten better wear out of other boots that I've purchased from other brand name companies like Red Wing
B000XELF3O Great Boots I purchased these boots to work outside in the winter. They have definitely held up and got the job done.
B000XELF3O Boots The boots came at the time expected. Price of the boots was a good deal.  My boyfriend will only wear this boot.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro Men's Boots The boots fit great and are very comfortable. I work on concrete floors and would recommend these boots. They arrived in a timely manner.
B000XELF3O Good boots The boots arrived quickly. The boots themselves are of very good quality material and are tough to the touch. They will last and endure through many hardships.
B000XELF3O good, not great boots. I should start off by saying that I may be a lttle spoiled -- 2 years ago I paid $175.00 a pair or Terra work boots and they were the best boots I've ever owned. This time around I was trying to save a little money and I didn't think that there would be that much of a difference between the $175.00 Terra boots and the $100 Timberlands. Unfortunately I was wrong.The Timberland Pro Pitboss boots seem like a good pair of boots for someone who only needs to wear them occasionally.  They appear to be well made and they've held up well after two months of use, but for everyday use they're a bit heavy and bulky. They'll get me by for now but I've already started saving up to go back to the Terras.
B000XELF3O good boots Good boots this is my second pair i wore the first for two years granted they were worn out but wow i usually only get a year or less out of higher priced boots im hooked the only reason they did not get 5 stars is the way they put their lable on the side if they would just sew it on top of the leather instead of cutting it out it would be alot more durable
B000XELF3O Great boots I have heard great feedback about Timberland Pro Boots and I purchased these boots around two months ago and was happy from day one with them. They fit comfortably, are sturdy, and withstand wear and tear being that I work a physical labor job dealing with water, mud, and climbing. I recommend these boots for those looking for a rugged yet comfortable boot that looks stylish as well.
B000XELF3O What a steal !! I buy these boots for work as an auto tech. They last quite awhile. The price I can get them on here is at least $40 - $50 dollars cheaper than anywhere I have been to local. Get these while you can and treat yourself to a rugged long lasting pair of boots !! What a steal !!
B000XELF3O Looks great, now need to start using it I ordered this boot 1/2 size larger than I usually wear because the last work boots I bought were too tight and there's nothing worse than tight fitting boots. I noticed that the front of the boots feel a bit stiff when I bend my foot walking forward, but I think it's because they're new and just need to be worn in and I probably also need to adjust the tension on the laces. I also bought a can of the Atsko SNO-SEAL Beeswax Waterproofing and applied that to the boots so now they're ready for Seattle weather!
B000XELF3O Good boots. These are great boots for my feet.  I shopped around and these were at the lowest price. I've spent more for boots hoping to repair soles, shank, liners etc. but the price for repair was getting close to the price I originally paid. Get a clue, Danner!
B000XELF3O Good on the job These work boots are my regular buy once a year. That is about the wear limit I will get from these boots. I am very hard on my foot wear. These fit me comfortable right out of the box. (No wear-in period.) I work construction and I'm on my feet all day walking or standing and climbing stairs or scaffold.  These boots offer the needed protection job sites and your feet call for. I always replace the provided sole insert with a good cushioned insert they sell anywhere. Unlike me, If you keep oil on the leather it might even stay half way water proof. I figure for the price I get fresh new boots every year, rather than having new soles put on expensive boots and the uppers still look and feel trashed after the repair. Well worth the money with amazon pricing, and tax free, and delivered free. You just can't beat that.
B000XELF3O good boots Took about 3 12 hour days to break these in. They were bothering me at first but now they are comfortable. Way better than my other boots. Go ahead and try them.
B000XELF3O Timberlands that fit very well the boots fit as expected but are more comforable than i thought they would be. these will be my new boots for riding on my Goldwing.
B000XELF3O Love these boots Great boots. Couldn't be happier with my choice. They were easy to break in. After a couple days of wearing them, they were just right.
B000XELF3O Comfort and quality I'm a steamfitter and wear these boots 12 hours a day.  I spill all kinds of oils and chemicals on them.  They take a beating and have not failed on me.  They are the most durable boots I have ever owned.  I don't care if you spend 2 to 3 times the amount of Red Wings or some other higher end boot - these boots can go toe-to-toe.As far as comfort, let me preface my ranking with everyone's foot is shaped differently and different boots are going to feel different to each individual.  With that said, my feet run wide and these are naturally wide compared to other boots.  They have the best insole out of the box for my mid-range arch.I highly recommend anyone to at least try the boot in person.  If it's comfortable, don't think twice and just buy it.
B000XELF3O Solid boots...too solid at first. They are solid boots.  They felt a little like putting on a pair of ice skates at first.  But they do break in.  It just takes some time.
B000XELF3O Nice rugged boots. The fit is right on. These are Timberland boots. They are top quality boots. They will probably last longer than me.
B000XELF3O Satisfied customer I wear pros for work all the time. Only boots that I trust to protect my feet. These are good looking, well made boots. I know I will purchase another pair after these are worn down. No regrets. All Timberland pros are worth purchasing.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro men's Pitboss 6" I will not buy another type of work boot after owning these boots. I have owned competitors boots in the past and feel that I have spent ALOT of money on inferior quality boots. I suggest going to your local shoe store that sells these boots and find the size that fits you best, next get on Amazon and buy your boots at a most excellent price. you will not be disappointed!
B000XELF3O Great boots better than my already high expectation I bought these boots for general use and for station boots. They are very comfortable and give you a nice feel throughout while still staying conformed to your foot. There isn't a feeling of confinement with these. Not a perfect shoe replacement but very close nonetheless. I really liked the quick hooks at the ankle because normally they are more containing when it comes to holding the laces but these are nice and small enough and rounded so I can flip the laces right off and get out of them and into my gear without struggling. Honestly it's as efficient as zipper boots which I was worried might have made me re-consider prior to buying these. Love the brand and these boots are flagship perfect. Still can't get over how durable these are while being extremely comfortable.
B000XELF3O Boots that Work! This is my 3rd pair of these boots, and I use them exclusively for work.  They are comfortable to stand in all day, they last me more than a year (which in my line of work is very good) and the steel toes are very helpful, and NOT uncomfortable like in some boots (I can't even feel the steel).  That said, I abuse the heck out of these boots.  I work on a mountain doing construction and heavy equipment operation, so they're in the dirt, the mud, the trees, ditches, moving rocks, etc.  I kick the pins in and out of my steel excavator bucket with the toes of these boots.  I move rocks inches at a time by kicking them with these boots.  I set heavy things on the toes of these boots.  The leather on these boots gets covered in moisture wicking materials like clay and concrete, gets wet in the rain and frozen in the snow.  After all this abuse, it STILL takes over a year for the boots to start separating from the soles!  I defy you to find another boot for UNDER $100 that can do that!
B000XELF3O Good quality work boot Full disclosure here.  I needed these for a one-day tour of a railyard, so I am not putting huge stress on these boots.  For that single day, the boots were comfortable (as comfortable as new boots can be), and sufficient for the safety needs I had.  They look nice, fit as they should, and have good grip on the soles.I cant say whether they would hold up to daily abuse, but they served my purposes well and will now be my new yardwork boots.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable boots. These are the most comfortable boots I've ever put on right out the box. Ive had red wings, caterpillar, wolverine, works by red wing, and many others. All of these previous boots had a break in period ranging from 1-3 weeks! These Pitbosses felt great right out the box. Super comfortable and good looking. The steel isn't noticeable on any of my toes. I would not hesitate to buy these again or to recomend them to anyone.
B000XELF3O Very comfy and sturdy I have been wearing these boots for a year now,they still look great and are very comfortable..my next pair of boots will be Timberland again.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable This is my first pair of Timberland boots.  I previously had a pair of Wolverine brand boots.  The comfort level is night & day.  These boots are MUCH more comfortable than my previous boots.  I was a little hesitant to spend extra on a pair of boots, but now I'm glad I did.I would highly recommend these.  I plan to get some Mink Oil to help make them last.
B000XELF3O Quality boots at a great price. I purchased these boots for daily use at work.  I am typically on my feet 5-8 hours each shift, occasionally for 12+ hours.  The boots are extremely comfortable and lightweight.  They are more comfortable than many pairs of regular shoes I have owned.  I would definitely purchase these again.
B000XELF3O Great Boots These are some of the best boots available. Just ordered my second pair in 2 years. My job requires a lot of ladder climbing and crawling under machinery, these boots are very comfortable for all of that.
B000XELF3O Put my boots right to wrk I had a backyard task that has needed to be done for over 4 months. Put my boots on and tackled downed trees that were on a bank with soft grass. With the boots I could stand upright and move around with out falling. After 4 hours my feet felt great and I was able to reduced the pile of limbs significantly. GREAT BOOTS!
B000XELF3O Great Boots I have been really happy with these boots so far. In fact, I liked them so much that I bought both a black and tan pair. They seem to be much more high quality than other boots I have had in the past, ie, carharts, dewalts, and caterpiller boots. The boots are just overall very good.
B000XELF3O Fantastic Boots I give these boots every year to my son in law.He has to have steel toe boots and these areexcellent. These are the only boots I buy him nowbecause of the wear and durability.I definitely would recommend these to others.He always looks forward to getting these as oneof his favorite Christmas gifts.
B000XELF3O These Boots are great!! Love the boots they fit great. A little stiff first day but quality for boots far better than my old Wolverines that lasted 7 months.P.S.IF they fell like they hurt your feet then loosen the laces and don't tie tight..
B000XELF3O These are really great boots! I used to buy cheap ole 30 dollar boots and decided i wanted something more from my boots. These are far superior from the bricks i was wearing before too. I reccomend them to anyone looking for similar more expensive Redwings quality boots.
B000XELF3O Great-looking, comfortable, durable, a little pricey I purchased these for more than the Amazon price at Sears, as I needed good boots right away. The boots come out of the box very stiff and uncomfortable, but after a couple miles of walking, they begin becoming more tolerable. I used them for three weeks at my job under moderate conditions before I left, and now continue to use them at new jobs.My favorite feature of these boots is the antimicrobial soles. After burning through a variety of cheap hiking shoes, work boots, and sneakers on my job, the lack of foot odor was a relief. Cutting grass at 6 in the morning will lead to soaking wet feet, which is a breeding ground for bacteria for the next 7 hours. The Timberland odor control worked so well that the boots still smell new after three weeks of full-time use.The leather for the boots is high quality and water-resistant, but not waterproof. Extended exposure to wetness will result in damp feet. Further exposure to dry conditions will allow feet to shed dampness as the leather breathes very well. Because of this, the boots work great in hot weather. Adding mink oil will darken the boots but will increase their resistance to water. They are excellent for working in the rain. One day, I got completely soaked, but my boots were still dry. With use, the toes will get scuffed up, so get toe pads if you want the boots to continue looking pristine. The leather is sewn together with a large number of threads, making it much less likely to break than cheaper boots which are only double-threaded.The arch support in these boots is better than most, but adding an insole will be good if one desires to walk long distances in these boots. The impact resistance is excellent, and the sole is quite slip-resistant in grass, though it tends to slip on smooth surfaces, such as countertops.The laces are very strong, and stay out of the way when fully tied up, preventing them from being snagged by debris. The rivets holding the laces on are high quality and rust-resistant.The steel toe meets industry specs and is quite large, allowing some wiggle room for the toes and preventing blisters to the tops of toes, even with thick socks on. Since I got the wide model boots, they have plenty of room around the middle, too. The ankle supports are very comfortable even when taking long walks (one time I walked 8 miles on and off-road with these boots; while tiring, I did not get any hot spots or point discomfort.)Paying retail price ($125 at the time of this review) for these boots is a bit high, so trying on at a local store, then buying on Amazon is a good money-saving option. While these boots did make a good-sized dent in the budget, they are definitely worth it.
B000XELF3O Timberland Steel-Toe Boots These boots are great. At 100 dollars, and 7 months into wearing them, I would suggest these boots to anyone who needs a good pair of work boots.The fit:As expected,  maybe just a little wiggle room, but it's not too bad.The build:This is a well made boot. It has endured lots of walking, being bashed into things, getting smashed, and getting soaked. I will admit, if you are standing in puddles, or working out in the pouring rain for a long while, you feet may get a little wet. This happened to me about 4-5 months in, but I cannot confirm if it is a break in the seal, or just from water eventually getting through the tongue area.The price:Really a great boot at a great price. I will more than likely purchase these again if they become trashed within the one year mark, or if they last a year, I will keep them as my recreational boots, and buy a new pair to work in.I would recommend these boots, and give them a 9/10.
B000XELF3O Great fitting boots! Shipping on this item was very quick. This boot is very comfortable. I can wear them all day. Will buy same boots after these ones wear out.
B000XELF3O Best Boots In the World! These boots are comfortable. I like the removable insert inside. It give you the option to replace the insert if it gets too stinky! WOO!
B000XELF3O Timberland boots I've had these boots now for a few weeks and I must say they are very comfortable. They are not too heavy but not the lightest boots that I've owned in the past. Seem to be well made but only time will tell how long they last. Overall I am very pleased with these boots and would recommend them.
B000XELF3O Seem very well made, fairly comfortable (not broken in yet) Trying timberland to replace other brand name boots. I work in a mill with nasty environments, hard to get more than a year from a pair of boots. If they hold up I'll be a loyal customer.
B000XELF3O Needed Awesome Boots And That's What I Got! Love these boots, they get the job done and are comfortable and tough. I recommend these boots to anyone needing or wanting boots. Oh and another bonus: these boots make you about an inch taller! Lol
B000XELF3O Boots It is so hard to find boots that fit my husbands size 14 feet , but not only was he surprised I bought them They fit him great.I will be getting more!
B000XELF3O Awesome Value So.. I have many boots, some I keep for water proof ability, some I keep for comfort but I've never been able to wear a steel toed boot as they never fit without rubbing. These boots are an excellent value, very well made and good looking. I have always been a Redwing Boot man but when my coworkers came back with their Redwings now made in China that deal is broken. Frankly, I'm willing to pay double this price if they are made in the USA but since most everyone has sold out... I'll recommend these boots with top ratings. I highly recommend these boots and will likely be ordering another pair for my home.
B000XELF3O Great comfort The great comfort and durability these boots have and ordering the same pair.  A little heavy and stiff at first but a few days, fit like a glove and got used to the weight.  These boots take to ladders, some water, and toe protection in a way I never imagined.  These boots have seen me through geothermal ditch installations, ladders for a long period of time, and well pump pulling, great tread and grip when pulling well lines by hand.  And did I mention comfort walking steps!
B000XELF3O They seem great - a bit stiff at first, though. I like the boots - they look better and more stylish than I thought they would. I'd recommend getting some water protection for them.
B000XELF3O Nice boots, I wish I'd gotten wider I like these boots. They're pretty comfy. I wish I'd gotten wider, though. the bottoms of the sides of my feet hit the boots in an uncomfortable spot. I'm thinking a dr. scholl's should fix it, although I might have to exchange for a larger size.
B000XELF3O Worth every penny! These boots fit perfectly and look great! They are comfortable from the start-no break-in needed. In the past I have bought Red Wing boots, which are very good boots, but cost 3 times as much. The Red Wings also hurt my feet for a couple of weeks until they were broken in. These boots had no such problems. The only downsides are 1) Not made in USA, made in the Dominican Republic but at least they are not made in China, and 2) they are made of man-made materials and not leather. But you are not going to get either of those features without paying much more.
B000XELF3O Great Boots I have a bit of a handicap with my left foot. It's not major, but it does affect me wearing steel toed boots. I have to be careful to by wide toed shoes to be comfortable. These are great, I love the fit and comfort level. Timberland Pro can make some boots Yall
B000XELF3O Great Product Purchased these boots online and arrived within two days.  I had picked up another pair of boots from a work boot store and they did not fit nearly as well as these ones which I purchased through Amazon.  These boots are very roomy, durable and comfortable.  I have worn these boots on a daily basis over my boots form the other source.  The foot sensor and measuring machine placed me in a pair of boots that are too tight, uncomfortable and very high priced.  I have worn them once in six months.  I would definitely purchase a second pair from this source of these same boots.
B000XELF3O Seems OK  so far was persuaded to purchase these boots even though I was reluctant to do so.  I normally wear Caterpillar Work boots and have so for many years. so I ordered a pair,  when I read some of the reviews I was concerned about the fitting around the toes as some people said it was a tight fit as well as some discomfort in the heal area. when they arrived I thought they looked ok and were well made they don't seem to be as durable as my CAT boots but they are more then twice the price. I also noticed that they were snug around where your toes are and could feel it in the heel. I wore mine around the house for a couple of days in case I had to return them but after a couple of hours the seem to fit better and now are quite comfortable. I used them for work today and my feet feel fine they are lighter then my CAT boots. I don't do heavy construction but require to use steel toe boots,  If I was working in heavy construction I probably would stick to CAT boots are something more durable and for sizing if you use a heavy sock best to go up at least a half size. if you have wide feet make sure you order the wider type as these are quite narrow. All in all the price was right and I think they will last for at least 3 years .
B000XELF3O Great fit These boots are the real deal.  At first i thought they looked a little big as they were bigger than my CAT boots but when i tried them on the fit was better than my CAT boots.  Would deff buy again!
B000XELF3O Great Boots These boots have never failed to preform better than I expected.  They have never let me or mine down.  Buy them...
B000XELF3O Awesome boots These boots are fantastic.  I disagree with those reviewers that are saying that these boots take a while to break in.  I've had them on for 5 hrs now and they are extremely comfortable.  The construction is solid, and they simply feel good on my feet.  Plus, they are far lighter than the crap boots from K-mart.Also, I have to commend Amazon for their great customer service.  My boots were stolen off of my doorstep, probably by some neighborhood kids, and Amazon immedietly sent out another set of boots, overnight shipping, at no extra charge.  I've been telling everyone I know about it because that is how customer service should be.
B000XELF3O Extremely Comfortable These are by far the most comfortable work boot I have ever had the pleasure of having on my feet. They are true to size, and do not run narrow as many boots are known to do. I am a delivery driver and had thought there was not a pair of boots that stay comfortable through the 12-14 hour days, but these boots have done it.  I would recommend these to anyone who needs a tough, comfortable boot.
B000XELF3O A+ Love these boots, i've been buying these exact boots every year for work and they've never done me wrong, great fit and feel
B000XELF3O good boot Pitboss boots are safe and pretty comfortable. I would recommend these boots to anyone that does any type of labor.
B000XELF3O Quality without a doubt Having bought and (put through the ringer) wore out many different kinds of work bootsover several decades, I can tell you these boots will definitely give you every pennies worthand much more.Like most of those thinking about buying these, I probably join you in past purchases in so calledbargain (cheaper) boots only to have them be worthless in about 6 to 8 months, (some unbelievably less).From the moment I received these, inspected them, then put them on I felt like the company had made a cast of myfeet for the perfect fit, they felt like I had already broke them in as well, I was pretty impressed,. I wouldgive these as very &#34;highly probable&#34; many years of good use based on the build quality.I read quite a few of the other reviews of purchasers here that have raved about these boots, and now thatI have them I don't doubt them at all....Again I've worn many many did I mention many :) pairs of boots, and one more shocker, These are not madein CHINA, I know.. can you believe it.. ok they still aren't made in the USA (Dominican Republic), but I wouldsay they are doing something right down in the Islands, great boot!
B000XELF3O Nice and comftable These boots are great work boots I'm a mechanic and I'm always on my feet so I need something comftable they bother a little at first till they brake in but that's normal
B000XELF3O Look great but I don't like wearing them. These are my first boots and they may be my last. I wasn't expecting them to be so heavy and to constrict my ankle movement so much. They look good on me, and fit alright, and that's why I gave them a 4 stars. I don't think I'll be buying anymore boots after this.
B000XETJU0 1st pair of boots in my life I am very happy with what i paid for. I can't wait to see how these boots are in the future once I've worn them out a bit.
B000XETJU0 Best boot for the money As an electrician i spend the majority of my day on my feet. I have tried just about every other major brand of work boot out there and these Timberland boots are by far the most comfortable boots i have owned. The break in time was minimal ,the eyelets ,or lace hooks make for easy on or off. The sole is durable and quite flexible . I would suggest these boots to anyone that is in construction or has a job that requires, long periods of standing or climbing.One more small but important point , i ordered these boots on a thursday and they were on my porch friday.
B000XETJU0 I would recommend them These boots are lightweight and fit as expected, I would recommend them
B000XETJU0 Good boots Very comfortable and last long time.sole is durable,last longer than other pro boots.recommended.water resistant and with this color oil stains are not a problem
B000XETJU0 these are actually comfortable boots I'm picky on my boots and these are replacing a pair that i destroyed.... I can tell you they are well made and fit very well
B000XETJU0 Nice boots but broke in 2 weeks One of the lace loop/hook fell off. Timberland told me they will fix I just have to send my boots to them. X___XI did enjoy these boots the 2 weeks I got to wear them. Gonna have to get them fixed.
B000XETJU0 very comfortable boots these boots are way better then I expected for the price. I have bought redwings in the past because of my narrow feet but these boots for about a third of the cost are way more comfortable then redwings. I would definitely recommend!
B000XETJU0 GREATEST BOOTS EVER!!! I bought my first pair of these boots 4 years ago, and it's just about time for a new pair...You can bet I'm going to buy the same thing again!These boots are tough, durable work boots, the most comfortable, walking boots I've ever owned, and at a great price.I've spent over $250 on boots that weren't as comfortable, or as durable.The only draw-back to these boots are that the light colored ones stain easily and they're hard to clean up.
B000XETJU0 I gave these away. I did not try to return these boots as I didn't even try them on for a month or two after buying them. I then replaced my old work boots with this great name brand. They began cutting the tops of my foot just before the toes. My friend has slightly smaller feet and needed some boots and was glad to try them. He said they fit ok but also bother his feet somewhat.
B000XETJU0 Average Boots. Nothing Special? Ok. Had these for a while now and they are completely broken in. I bought these because of the reviews on their Longevity.First thing to mention. These boots have the Bare MINIMUM of Padding. The Soul has next to no padding which makes for sore feet at the end of an 8 hour workshift. The Tongue is the same with very minimal padding.These boots did fit Good right out of the box. Really no bad complaints initially, even though the Padding issue in the long run could be better resolved with gel inserts?I would not buy these again however. Not for the Price. Right now Im in the process of ordering different boots. "Caterpillar".These boots are holding together though as far as stitching - Triple Stitching throughout. But my RIGHT boot has developed a Squeak. Every step gives this annoying squeak, even dry - My LEFT boot doesnt do this. So its time to retire these things and use them for backup junk boots.My BEST Final Thought - These are OK? Nothing Special or above other boots. Standard. And Ive worn Boots ALL my life.Additional thought. This Review is based Solly on a Worshift of 8 hours - plus additional hours of regular use. If Your just looking for this specific style of boot for casual wear; then with the triple stitching, these should last for an extremely long time. They are on the Heavy side? But Work Boots they Are Not! One Year Minimum. I beat the Crap Out Of Boots. And These Are Just like Any Other Boot Ive bought so far - with the exception of the "Euro-hikers" - they have been the TOP BOOT So Far as with Comfort.These are worth it for the CASUAL boot wearer into this Style of Boots. They should last Many, Many Years with the Triple Stitch construction. But for Workers? Pass on these in the Long Run. Just Expensive boots with little comfort and reliability. These would be considered just average Work Boots for a price that you could do better on with another brand or style.Recap: One Year and I have Blown through These Boots. I can No Longer Use them for Work.Manufacturers: Hey if You Want to Send Me Boots to Review, Let Me Know? I Am A TRUE BOOT User. I expose Boots to the Extreme with Abuse/Water/Chemicals/ and Hours of Work Time Roughness. If I dont get boots put through the ultimate test, then no one else will like me!
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Boots. The boots were not the boot my grandson had wanted.  They were returned but for no other reason than they weren't what he wanted.
B000XETJU0 I won't pay for plastic boots After reading many reviews I decided to go with these boots. Bad idea. I've spent 50-60 hours/week on my feet for the past 15 years. I've tried many boots. These boots are the same asian imported crap you can get from any big box store. BOOTS are made from leather. These are PLASTIC. Close to a hundred bucks for patent leather I can get from a no-name store for $35. I used to think positively of Timberland products
B000XETJU0 break in period sucks Well so far I've own these pair of boots for a little over a month and like the title says, the break in period is horrible. My ankles were hurting for the first 3 days. Everyone I squat the "tongue" of the boot would stab the top portion of my foot. And the left boot would squeak and we all know that's super annoying. but after "breaking" them in, they are now super comfortable and no annoying squeak! I'm real glad I got them. If you purchase these boots, and aren't comfy at first, give em a lil time. I'm sure after the break in period you'll be very satisfied. Also I would suggest trying them on at Sears first to find out what size to order. (that's what I did) also they (Sears) don't price match so order them on Amazon to save 30 bucks. comfy pair of boots :)
B000XETJU0 Timberland boots wheat This a good pair of boots perfect for work or play also a good look, great price for timberland boots
B000XETJU0 Great boots for the price! Great boots for the price. Insoles are incredibly comfortable. I have bought timberland boots in the past and they have outlasted any other boots ive owned.
B000XETJU0 Great fit The boots arrivied sooner then I thought they would, only took three days! I bought these for my husband to wear at work, the boots looked really nice in the box. The quailty was better then I thought it would be for a little over 70 dollar boots. The timberland pro boots fit my husbands wide feet perfectly. He has had them for a while now, and even with everyday wear in a Fab shop they still look like new!!
B000XETJU0 seem to be comfortable and i like the cushioning for your feet They are a little smaller in length then my carhartt work boots, but more comfortable. I would recommend these boots to other people
B000XETJU0 It's a good boots! This boots fit me well. And it's comfortable and looking nice. This boots making me become a fun of timberland.
B000XETJU0 Love these boots. The 24/7 sole is sturdy and super comfortable.  Boots are a little stiff for first day or so but then so comfortable!
B000XETJU0 Good boots for my work Got the size and style that I need.  These boots are comfortable and rugged.  They came on time and were what I ordered.
B000XETJU0 Good boots I purchased these boots for my father who works on his feet all day. The boots are comfortable and great support. Since we just purchased them, I am curious about how long they last/durability. However, so far, so good.
B000XETJU0 Super comfortable right out of the box Wasn't sure about buying boots online but these are working out great! I wear them all day and have not complaints except the loop on the back of one boots broke pulling it on, unfortunate but is not a reason to not purchase. These are well built working man's boots.
B000XETJU0 Boots Always get the same boots so they always fit the same way well almost. The boots always hold up well also
B000XETJU0 BETTER THAN EXPECTED Once again Amazon exceeded my expectations. These boots are very comfortable. Same boots are 99 dollars at Sears. You cant be disappointed with these.
B000XETJU0 Well-made and Comfortable These are very good quality boots.  I usually buy boots that range from $250 to $300 in order to get the support my ankle needs and the room my toes need due to a childhood injury.  My feet require orthopedic inserts.  These boots have the extra room for my inserts, and they're more comfortable than my $280 boots.  Note: I bought the wider size (EE).
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro boots 6" This is the fourth pair of timberland boots that I have ordered. Boots fit and are comfortable. Would rate these boots as nend to buy item.
B000XETJU0 Boots are comfortable to wear True to the size.. Boots are comfortable to wear..
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Soft-Toe Boot I really like these boots. I find they are both light and very comfortable. This is my second pair in two years, but that is mainly because I am hard on work boots.These soft-toe boots are not insulated, which makes them great for the warmer weather that is coming soon.The tread on these soles are great, since they don't hold tons of dirt and crud like lug soles do. This means a lot less worries about soiled carpeting if you have to go in and out of people's houses all day.These boots are made in China [ARGH!], but overall, for what they cost, I feel they are a well made product.
B000XETJU0 Excellent boot for the price As should be expected, these boots are pretty stiff the first couple of times out.  I purchased these boots for doing yard work and outdoor projects around the house.  I have a steep bank in the backyard, and the tread on these boots provided superior grip even while digging out tree stumps on a very steep grade.  I have worn the boots a few times now, and they are more comfortable each time I wear them.The Timberland Pro Pitboss boots run a bit large compared to an athletic shoe, so I would recommend buying a half size down if you are on the borderline with a running/training/athletic shoe.  I would recommend these boots to anyone doing yard work or an occasional big outdoor project.  They might not stand up to the test of a full-time construction job, but these are quality buy for the money.  The price on Amazon.com is $30 less than what I was able to find at a nearby Boot World store.
B000XETJU0 Great boots These boots are so good, they are super comfortable and light weight. Sometimes I don't even realize I am actually wearing work boots.
B000XETJU0 Good looking boots, lacking quality control I really wanted to like these boots. I like the style. They fit me very well. They are comfortable. The problem with these boots is simply the quality of assembly. I ordered a pair and then returned them because the left boot was stitched differently from the right boot and the eyelets didn't line up to each other, making the laces crooked. ([...] The replacement pair I received was stitched better, but completely differently from the first pair. They were in fact so different that you couldn't mix the lefts and rights between pairs without the stitching issues being glaringly obvious. It appears that Timberland cannot make a left boot and a right boot match. Timberland, I am disappointed in these boots. I will wear them until I find a better brand that I like, but they are not very good. I would expect this quality from a pair of boots half this price with a brand I've never heard of. I expected better from Timberland.
B000XETJU0 Best boots I ordered these on Amazon on May 17, 2013. This my first Timberland pro boots. These boot are sturdy and solid. I wish they would have lasted longer.  Overall very satisfied.. i give 5 stars
B000XETU1I Nice boots but... This is a nice boots, very soft leather, i really love the reddish color but the size seems smaller and wider than the timberland pro direct attach boots. The size difference is very little but i could tell the size difference compared to my direct attach boots. Nevertheless, this a nice pair of boots from Timberland.Update: the sole of his boots is not as soft as the direct attach timberland pros. The outsole is also not as "sticky" when used on snow/icy ground. If you want a really protected feel, you should go with the Timberland pro direct attach boots. This is more of a casual boots rather than a work boots for me.Again, the reddish color of the leather is amazing! :)
B000XETU1I Great Boots!!! Comfortable from the first day and they last as well as more expensive ones I have purchased in the past.
B000XETU1I what I expected fit is the same as my other Timberland boots. Comfortable and supple leather. Haven't had them long enough to know how well they will wear over time.
B000XETU1I way too big These boots fit way to large compared to my other timberland pro boots.  All my other boots are a 10W and these came in feeling a lot larger and a lot wider.  I was also expecting more ankle support
B000XETU1I Boots look good. The boots look nice and they are comfortable, but I thought that the leather would be thicker. I thought since they were work boots and the pro series the leather would be thicker. Time will tell about the durability. :-)
B000XETU1I Thank you. Fit just fine. Good quality. The wearer has a problem with the heel of his foot, but new boots didn't help, but that's not the boots' fault.
B000XETU1I Boots I love These boots are the most comfortable boots that I own.  They do run a little big but nothing major.  I bought them to wear as a casual boot and they look just as good with a hoodie and jeans as they do with jeans and a nice button down.  This is my boot of choice for casual outings.  I highly recommend the Timberland Pro line of products...this isnt my first brand purchase and it won't be my last.
B000XETU1I Good Boots but large They are very comfortable boots and the leather is very supple. But it is large for me. I usually wear US8 but this should US7.5 is OK.
B000XETU1I Very Good Work Boots I really like these boots. Very comfortable right out of the box. I subjected them to my usual mink oil bath as soon as I got them and from that point on they required no break-in at all. Only two problems with these boots. As others have reported they seem to run a bit on the large side. I could easily have gone 1/2 size down and still had a nice comfy boot. Also as my feet sweat a lot, the dye ran and turned my socks tan for several weeks until the dye set or the excess was gone. I don't know what causes that to happen, but I had a pair of Red Wing boots several years ago that did the same thing. Other than those two fairly minor issues I have had zero problems with these boots. I would both buy them again and recommend them to others. Mine are getting pretty worn so I will be buying another pair real soon.
B000XETU1I Made in China If these boots were USA made, I would never buy another brand.  I've been wearing these boots daily for work and they are very comfortable and lightweight.
B000XETU1I What do you need your boots for? I purchased these boots from Amazon about a year ago. I'll start by saying that these boots were very comfortably from the get-go. They look great, and seem to be constructed fairly well. Unfortunately, I was only able to get about 9-10 months' wear out of them. For the first 6 months after I purchased the boots, I was working on an outdoor construction project in a large park which, for me, involved a great deal of walking. As I said before, I have no complaints about the comfort of these boots. They also kept my feet dry in what seemed like an exorbitant amount of morning dew every day. However, I think all the moisture was the eventual downfall of my boots. After some time, the leather around the toe began to deteriorate and the seams began to come apart. The rubber treads also began to separate from the rest of the wedge sole at the heel. By the time we finished up on my next project, my boots were toast.Ultimately, these are nice boots for the price. I imagine they would last a while for casual/light duty wear. Be aware that if you're going to put these boots through the wringer like I did, they will not last very long. I probably wore them longer than I should have. In that case, it is probably worth it to spend the extra cash for some better boots.
B000XEVJJO There are boots that appear in the publication, sent other ... me!! I am from Venezuela and after so long time was that they got the boots, I'm very disappointed because the picture shows a gray boots with blue, the description says dark gray, but I was sent some boots that have nothing to do with the image published I feel cheated and very disappointed not to find a way to put a claim to resolve this situation .....!!!
B000XEVJJO Most comfortable workboot you'll ever wear. I love these boots! Extremely comfortable and lightweight. They come very close to feeling like a hi-top sneaker once they are broken in. Otherwise they feel like hiking boots. My feet never sweat in these boots. They breathe very well. I used to wear Timberland Pro construction boots but my feet sweat in them in the summer. The construction boots are very durable and best suited for an insustrial job but the rubber on the sole hardens eventually and lost some comfort. Although they were comfortable boots, they don't even come close to the comfort these boots have. I've had mine for 3 years now and have held up very well. They have great grip even though the lugs on the soles are practically worn down to nothing. The rubber sole is still soft and flexible after 3 years. I mostly work a 8 hr day and during the summer a 12 hr. workday. They are splash resistant or a quick step in a deep puddle. It does take a while for you to start even feeling dampness if you are working in the rain. But they are not waterproof. The laces wear very well but you have to use a double knot because no matter how tight you make the bow, the friggin' thing will come loose. Which explains why the laces are so long. All the seams have held up and I have not had any problems with the lace loops breaking. Overall these are the best boots I have ever owned and being an electrician, I have worn many boots. I'm looking forward for my new pair needed soon.
B000XEVJJO Good, comfortable boots. Third time buying the same boots. Really comfortable and durable. Soles last a lot longer than other boots I've had.
B000XEVJJO These boots suck! By February (boots purchased end of December), the lace loops had broken and the boots cannot be laced up now and they could not be returned after 30 days. I would not recommend these to anyone and they are uncomfortable also.
B000XEVM8W Good boots Fit was tight at first. After a couple of days shoes broke in. I like these boots, and they are boots.
B000XEVM8W great Boots are very comfortable after the initial breakin in my boots which was  a day or two. Love to wear boots.
B000XEVM8W Perfect work boots Very happy so far, strong boots but not confortable enough. Timberland boots are awsome! I feel they are gonna last for long.
B000XEW60K Pemex regulations these boots are quite light but very strong quality. quite comfortable. Just 1 tips: get these boots to be stitched up as these boots are only glued.
B000XEX67M great boots very comfortable and protects my strings when I weld. None of my other steel toed  boots fit so good and they are not very bulky like the rest
B000XF4D1Y i keep buying the same boot I install flooring so i kill boots fast.  I try out other pairs but i always come back to wearing these boots
B000XF4D1Y Great Boots, use them daily Comfortable, durable and not that heavy without the steal toes. These are great work boots and/or just as good for casual boots.
B000XF4D1Y nice boots it is comfortable and durable. I would say this pair boots really meets my expectation and I really love them.
B000XF6L7I What I expected The boots are exactly what I expected, no surprises. Had the same boots prior, so when I bought them, I knew exactly what I was getting.
B000XF6L7I great boots always nice to have work boots that fit comfortably without hassle. I will be willing to purchase from here again.
B000XR2GN4 Great Boots for Light Construction I worked as a an intern for a major general contractor for about five months. These boots were extremely comfortable, even comfortable enough to wear with short socks on blistering days.There have been many comments about the boots not holding up. I've seen no signs of it, although I worked as a construction surveyor and never did any heavy-duty construction work.Great boots. I would recommend for a first pair.
B000XR2GN4 Great boots I needed some boots that are not heavy but not hiking boots there are rocks and gravel on my work site.these boots are exactly what I was looking for. They turned out to be a lot more comfortable than I thought. Amazingly no break in period was needed. I was thinking I might need to the next size up to make sure, but there was no need they fit perfectly. I would definitely get another pair so far.
B000XR2GN4 great boots and very comfortable I love these boots and am glad I spent the extra money on this brand and version.  very comfortable from the beginning.  highly recommend these PRO version.
B000XR2GN4 Great Boots! My brother is a contractor, and on his feet all day. He recommended these, and I'm very happy with them. Comfortable right out of the box. These replaced a pair of Bates ZR-6 boots that were uncomfortable even after 6 months, and were very cheaply made. I will only buy Timberland boots in the future after having this pair. I will never buy Bates boots again.
B000XR2GN4 timberland always has made great boots timberland always has made great boots, this is to big for me,I have already replaced them with new boots from amazon
B000XR2GN4 timberland pro I am on my second pair of these boots.  I feel more comfortable in these boots than I do in my tennis shoes.  I wear them on average at least 5 days a week and they hold up well.  I would recommend these boots to anybody.
B000XR2GN4 Too Soft These boots are way too soft for any type of real world construction. I had these boots for 5 days and returned them do to the fact that they were gouging and scratching way to easily. I'm an electrician and need a moderately tough work boot, these boots don't stand up to the demand. However these boots are extremely comfortable.
B000XR2GN4 Great!! Love Timberland boots and especially the Tims Pro series!put them on the first day, feels like they are already broken in.Good deal too.
B000XR2GN4 great boots i have worn these boots for years and love them.  like the price i got instead of from sears and roebuck
B000XR2GN4 Well thought out boot for the everyday blue collar Amazingly these boots well exceeded the desires I was looking for in a work boot. Within the first four days of wearing these boots I accidentally stepped onto two different nails that should have been embedded into the bottom of my foot. However, because of the shank in the sole of these boots I did not have to make that unwanted visit to the ER. Thank you TL!!!The comfort I get in these boots sincerely helps in the total outcome of my job performance!  I don't feel dragged down towards the end of a 10 hour day, and I feel the same on day 5 as did on day 1 with the secure feeling these boots provide.The Timberland Pro Men's Titan 6&#34; Coffee Soft-Toe Boot,Brown/Brown, are a phenomenal fitting and an all around secure boot with all of its' features.  I would highly recommend these boots and will be looking forward to wearing Timberland Pro Series from now on.
B000XR2GN4 Fantastic Boots! I have been putting these boot to the test. I now have four pairs so I can rotate them. They are holding up very well. I have some older pairs that are still doing well. I learned to get more then one pair so they will last longer. I know it's more money, but it's worth it to me in the long run... These are great boots!!!
B000XR2W1U Very comfortable I love these boots.  I am on my feet for hours.  These boots are very comfortable and supportive.  I don't have the aching knees after my shift!
B000XR2W1U New Work Boots I was very pleasantly surprised by the comfort of these boots.  The first time I wore them was to a job site that included a lot of walking and stair climbing.  They felt great.
B000XR2W1U Great Boots The boots had no need for that break in period.They are very comfortable.I actually like the way they look also. I will buy these boots again.
B000XR2W1U Best work boots EVER. I've had a really hard time getting a good pair of boots that would fit just right. Until I tried Timberland PRO Titan6&#34;. When I bought them I just put them on and off I went NO problems at all I LOVE these boots I hope they NEVER discontinue these boots. I also told a lady at my work about them because she has the same problem getting a boot that fits good so she got a pair too and LOVES them. THANK YOU Timberland your boots are AWSOME.
B000XR2W1U Boots made for walking No issues with these steel toed boots-- Cinderella would approve, if she needed such boots to head back to her chores. Didn't need breaking in, just slip on and go!
B000XR30FM Great boots This is the second pair of these boots I have owned and they are great.  One of the lightest boots to wear and to easy brake in, good if on concrete or just standing all day.
B000XR30FM Great boots I searched for a pair of steel boots for work and came across these. These boots run a half of size big however in the winter it will work with thick socks. Besides that these boots are very comfortable. I didnt have to break them in and they didnt make my feet hurt after a eight hour shift. I will definitely recommend these boots to a friend.
B000XR30FM Timberland Leather Boots I read many reviews before buying these boots.  I use these for gardening andweed-wacking and after 8 hours in the boots, my feet are in heaven.  These arethe most comfortable boots, and I'm thinking I should buy a second pair before thestyle is changed.  They are well made and have good support for my high arches.The shoe size is my normal size unlike some that fit too small.  I highly recommendthese boots!
B000XR30FM Comfortable, but don't like the hard footbed and outer sole I bought this pair of boots to serve as winter barn boots in the mountains.  I couldn't see spending over $100 for a pair of Ariats that I would trash by doing extreme chores with them.  The boots felt 'hard' underfoot, so I  placed a pair of thin arthritis insoles over them, and that made them much more comfortable.  These boots fit well and they are sturdy, but I don't like how the outer sole gets so hard in the really cold weather.  I didn't feel secure on the frozen snow/ice, so put a pair of Yak Trax on them; now they are perfect.  They are warm, and do well as I'm working at the horse and chicken run.  For the money of the boots, insoles and Yak Trax, they are a good winter work boot.
B000XR4IXA Patglia This is the third or fourth pair of these boots I bought for my wife and I also purchased the mens version for myself.  I require steel poed boots for work and Timberland Pro boots I highly recommend for comfort and wear.  My wife works in the deli of a local grocery store and her feet are subjected to constaint abuse from grease and moisture and from standing on a concrete floor for long hours.  She does not require steel toe boots but we cannot find this same boot in a waterproof version with a regular toe.  Her feet are comfortable all day and are always dry and warm in the winter.  She washes grease and food particles from her boots in the laundry tub every day when she come home from work and they hold up.  Applying Mink oil a couple times a month will extend their life and help keep them looking good.  These boots run very accurate to the stated size, however, unlike other boots we own Timberland Pro's will stretch after a couple months of wear.  Although these boots are not cheap, they are worth the money.  If you want waterproof boots that are comfortable and will hold up to abuse, these are a great choice.Also, I purchare for Amazon frequently and always choose free shipping with orders over 25 dollars and they always arrive promtly, (no more than three days).
B000XR4IXA Comfortable right out of the box This review is based on limited use of the boots so far because I bought them for responding with our local American Red Cross Disaster Action Team so, mercifully, they haven't seen a lot of action yet. However, I did wear them for at least an hour the day they arrived and for a minimum of four straight hours during a recent disaster response and found them comfortable right out of the box, as if they were already broken in. Truth be told, during the call, I didn't even notice them at all which is saying something for a brand new pair of boots! They haven't yet been worn in extreme temperature conditions and their waterproofing has yet to be truly tested but there was a steady drizzle to light rain during the response and my feet didn't know it. So, at the very least, these boots pass a light water test and I have no reason to believe they won't hold up equally well under wetter conditions.I did have to go up a full size because their wide wasn't wide enough.  The first pair was fine length-wise but a little too cramped width-wise, even with a single pair of (albeit, thick) socks. (This is a common problem for me. Because of my small but wide foot, I usually shop in the boy's department but couldn't find any safety-toe boy's boots, nevermind a pair that was also waterproof.)These Timberland Pro boots were a bit on the pricey side for someone like me, who is not into the whole shoe obsession thing, but they feel solidly built, have the features I needed, are amazingly comfortable, and don't feel at all awkward or clunky while wearing.  I think the only thing I might have changed with these boots is perhaps a steel, puncture resistant shank rather than the fiberglass one because I don't know how well fiberglass would hold up to a nail puncture. Considering the boots are not classified as "puncture resistant" I will do my best not to find out the hard, pointy way.Unfortunately, the shoe industry doesn't pay a lot of attention to making true working boots for women (you know, for those of us who are more than willing to break a sweat, dirty our hands, and break a nail or two doing real manual labor) so our choices are very limited compared to the plethora of serious work boots available to men. Yeah, they're out there but you have to hunt for them, especially if you want features like wateproof AND safety toe. What was great was finding (most of) the features I needed and finding them in a boot that is very comfortable.Time will tell how well these boots hold up under abuse but they've easily -- and comfortably -- passed muster so far. I would definitely recommend these boots but would suggest going up about a half to full size if you have a truly wide foot, especially if you may have to wear extra socks in colder conditions.
B000XR4IXA work boots Everything went great,  I have no complaints @ all. They last a long x, and they r so comfy, u can't go wrong with these boots
B000XR4IXA Booo! Not waterproof! I hated these boots. I have worked in the outdoors all of my adult life, in all kinds of weather conditions. The boots ran true to size, were fairly comfortable, but leaked in both boots the FIRST time it rained, even though I take good care of my boots and condition them. Do not buy if you need the waterproof feature. Next time I'll spring a little more money and buy the boots that have never let me down: Danner.
B000XRBAAE These Boots rock !!!! I have the Timberland pro steel toe women's boots, I ordered my normal size and love them.I am on my feet all day and clean out junk and I am very happy with these boots and the comfort and ruggedness of the boots are awesome.No break in time at all.
B000XXGMRO Great looking boots People complained about the boot not fitting as expected....boots are supposed to be a bit big to provide room for your feet to expand into as they swell up or for the thick socks you're supposed to wear with them.  For hiking boots I usually get a size or two larger. Timberland probably anticipated this and adjusted for peoples actual shoe size and made them a tad bigger. Props to them.Price was fair compared to other boots of similar quality.The color is great for versatile use (burnished brown).  The only issue I have is that the boots are already scuffing the  &#34;worn-in&#34; look which isn't a big deal, but a minor annoyance.The amount of stitched components give it a busy sort of look.This can be worn loosely (the most comfortable) or lace-up (ankle support).The treads on there boots were one of the reasons I chose it in my final decision.  They don't seem to be too worn for about 2 weeks of use but we'll see.Still too soon to talk about the actual durability of it but so far they're fantastic for any day.
B000XXGMRO Stylish Mens Boots along with Durability! I really like these stylish boots and they are comfortable at that! These boots feel very well made and have a lot of craftsmanship with some durable stitching. They are the most comfortable boots that I have put on in a while now and well worth the money to me. You know sometimes you have to pay for quality and you can feel and see it in these boots! The fact now that I have worn these boots to work numerous times because they are more comfortable than my new balance tennis shoes ought to tell you something!!!
B000XXGMRO Great Boots - with a catch These boots are supremely comfortable and waterproof (they also look fantastic).  I have a number of pairs of these and wear them on a daily basis.  The boots aren't insulated (which I like), but offer room for thicker socks when it gets cold.The soles of these boots wear down very quickly (especially the forefoot).  I understand wear patterns will be different for all people, but most of my shoes wear evenly and pretty slowly.  Within 5 months of regular use, I wear through the forefoot of these boots.That said, the uppers of the boot are very rugged and durable and (after a number of years of use) don't show any signs of wearing out in my lifetime.  These boots can be resoled quite easily by any shoe repair place.  After putting a nice heavy-duty Vibram sole on, the boots are pretty much bulletproof and will last forever.I'm not the type of person who typically will deal with things like having a boot resoled, but these things are so good, it's worth it.  Even with the hassle and expense of resoling, I still give these a solid 5 star rating - that should tell you what you need to know!
B000XXGMRO These boots are bad @$$ I had a huge smile on my face after trying on these boots today. As everyone in the comments section mentioned, the boots do run a bit large. I'm normally a 10.5 for all my shoes so I went ahead and order the size 10M and it was a perfect fit. I have been trying to find a place that actually has these boots in the Los Angeles area, but no one carries them. This was the first time I ever bought shoes online and it won't be the last. I was in Japan a few weeks ago and saw these boots for $275 US dollars so when I returned and saw the price at $124 it was a no brainer. These boots look awesome and I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for some boots.
B000XXGMRO Love the boots' look. Quality is questionable. When I first got these boots, I fell in love with them and the way they looked. They're comfortable and kept my feet warm, which was my main reason for the purchase.My only problem is that after wearing the boots for only 2 days, the bottom sole started to separate from the shoe. I feel that if I'm paying almost $100 for boots, I shouldn't have to worry about that.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeepers What I recieved is clearly the boot ordered but just doesnt match what I was expecting. The leather feels nice and seems sturdy but the overall boot just feels cheap. There is no weight to these boots which some may like super light weight but for a pair of leather boots there needs to be more to it. The sole looks and feels really cheap and I would expect it to wear very quickly under normal conditions. On my foot they feel quite flimsy with a severe lack in support even laced up quite tight they still give under my weight (190 lbs). Ive owned and wore out several pair of Timberland boots so I know the company can produce really nice boots but these are just not them for me. The return process is a huge hassel and takes up a lot of time, really sucks!
B000XXGMRO boots are great! very comfortable! love the boots and would recommend to anyone that is in the market for a good pair.  a little pricey but worth it.
B000XXGMRO Pure Comfort These boots rock. I never leave reviews, but damn these boots are so freaking comfortable. Top quality too, very very nice.
B000XXGMRO good boots I wanted to buy this boots for a while and checked in quite a few stores in Australia. the Retail price here is 259.99 AUD everywhere, by mistake i found it at Amazon with an unbelievable price of $90. without any hesitate i just paid. I know Timberland is always run bigger so I chose 1 size down, which was perfectly fit. Nice boots with supper good value, highly recommended!
B000XXGMRO Great boots They take a 1 or 2 time wear to break them in  but once there broken in there soft light and comfortable boots. there a little pricey but these boots hold up very well. you can dress them up or wear them with just jeans. Boots for me have often become stinky too after wearing them all day and over time but not these, whatever there made of on the inside they dissipate no odor at all
B000XXGMRO A Little Large but Still Fantastic When these boots came I was disappointed that they were a bit large even on my massive feet. However, the first time I took them on a hike I was wearing my extra thick hiking socks and they fit perfectly (after I tightened up the lases as much as possible). The boots look great, but be warned that they are pretty easily scuffed up and mine were a bit more of a bright clay color than the picture shows. I still love these boots to death though, and they're great for hiking or just walking around. They're super-comfortable and I totally recommend them to anyone needing a comfy outdoor boot.
B000XXGMRO Timberland EarthKeepers Boots Great boots, great price, thanks Amazon! I bought these on cyber Monday using an extra 30% promotion and I couldn't have been happier.  I can wear the boots anywhere - rugged, stylish and sophisticated all at the same time, so when I'm just lounging around on the weekend or at work, these boots are versatile enough for most situations.  Buy them!
B000XXGMRO Slipperl-like Comfort My Timerland Earthkeeper boots are well-made and comfortable.  I returned thefirst pair I ordered in my usual size, 9.5W, because the boots were a little toobig.  I ordered a pair in 9W, which fit perfectly. The boots will not require abreak-in period because they are flexible right out of the box. The stitching iseven. I like wearing my new boots so much that I wear them at night when I am inmy pajamas. I've worn these boots on long hikes, traversing loose sand, rockyoutcrops, and steep hill sides. The soles grip loose surfaces well.  I'vehaven't slipped on granite or basalt rocks.I recommend these boots because of the high quality, sturdy construction, and comfort.
B000XXGMRO large size A pair of good-looking boots and durable boots, too.But, they are too large.My feet length was 260, usually I take 8.5 of shoes and boots, and just a little bit room.I have 3 pairs of timberland boots, these are too large not like other two.Maybe the 7 or 7.5 was OK for me.
B000YDG6FQ best boots ive owned I had wanted theses boots for months,but the price and some of the reviews swayed me to say maybe later. Months passed and while going to malls and shoe stores even timberland stores i could never find boots that were the style i wanted. most times you see boots that are too harley davidsonish, other times you see boots that are too styleish, you find boots that are for hiking or maybe just boots that are too plain or that look too work related. I had a nice pay check last week, i decided to purchase them. I went to the fedex distribution center to pick them up because i was never home for the delivery. As soon as i got to my car, i opened the box and said wow! - my day instantly got better. I LACED THEM UP AND SMILED ALLL THE WAY HOME.  if youre reading this and thinking "maybe later".... Dont! Your friends dont have these boots, your dad has never seen a pair of these boots, and all those guys with harleys or stylish ones dont know where youngot these! You want these boots because they will be yours and youll were them like rain boots on a sunny day!  Haha im sitting back on my desk writing this with my feet on the table! These boots are so worth the money! Im buying a second pair later on in case these disappear off the internet to have a spare pair!
B000YDG6FQ Poor sizing, thin leather and cheap footbed. Oh, but they look great when not in use... The Plot:I've had a pair of Timberland boots for over 10yrs and needed a replacement, of course I turn to Timberland.The Order:I purchased this boot in a size 11 as I wear a 11.5 for all other shoes, its so big I returned them instantly. So, i get the 30% off Black Monday deal and figured I'd give it another shot w/ a 10.5 as I'm afraid to go lower as I haven't work anything smaller than that since Jr. High (20+yrs ago).The Arrival:Day1 -The boots arrive, I'm pumped up and guess what, they fit ok in length but are so sloppy on my foot w/ wool socks and the boots laced, my foot moves in the boot w/ every step.Day2 - My temp fix, had to purchase expensive inserts to actually keep a foot in place, you'd think a $125-$160 boot would have a quality insert but not from Timberland apparently.End Results:Are these boots made for a F'n cave man?I am disgusted with the poor sizing, cheap materials that I may end up selling them on ebay to cut my losses. Maybe you have to spend $300 on boots from the Timberland Boot Co to get anything quality from this company going forward.I will not be buying boots from Timberland again in the near future!
B00110CR1S Good Boots It's hard to find decent, affordable boots for young boys.  These appear well made and durable.  You'll need to find longer laces though.  The ones that are included are too short.
B00110CR1S Comfortable I bought these boots for a hiking trip in costa rica. The boots were so comfy! no insoles were needed & they are actually lightweight.
B001707XTI timberland boots Oh, my god!  These boots are so cool.  They are attention pieces where ever I go.  I like the pinched heels with rubber sole.  It's the city sleek meets the rugged style.  The red laces give the punch for the fashion.  Very comfortable like my other 3 pairs of Timberland boots.
B001707XTI I love my new boots; I plan on wearing them all  winter! I saw these boots and I knew they were exactly what I was looking for. I can't wait to wear them. Thanks Amazon!!
B001707XTI my new boots i was surprised to find out that the boots fit perfectly....i thought i would have to send them back due to poor quality or sizing issues...thanks Amazon for erasing all suspicion.
B001708FZE Great boots I bought this boots for my sister in law in Spain. They felt quite well, even good for winter time. She loves its smoothness.
B001708FZE Timberland Fauna Boot (dark brown) I love the boots. they are very comfortable. true to size. type of boots your can wear all day and they will not hurt your feet. these boots are highly recommended.
B001708FZE Nice boots... I own the Timberland Women's Fauna Lace Boots in black. Most of the time, I'm a 7 in Timberland boots but the 7 in these were a bit snug so I sized up a half inch and that did the trick. The 7.5 fit fine. I'm not a big fan of the leather laces on these boots so I put in my own black laces. Also, the lace loops don't seem that sturdy and are a bit on the flimsy side. Surprising for a Timberland product. When I got the boots, a piece of the inside of one of the lace loop was coming apart. I had to actually glue it back in.Now, this sounds like a negative review but that's honestly what happened when I received these. That said and done, I really like these boots a lot. After a month of wear and tear, I must say these boots hold up very well in inclement weather and they are quite sturdy and warm. The boots are very stylish and comfortable. Not to mention the amount of compliments I get on the boots and people's surprise when I tell them they are made by Timberland.My few gripes about these boots aside, I would definitely buy these again.
B001709TKE Great Boots! Looks fantastic with dark blue denim jeans. If you're a Timberland lover these boots will not disappoint.
B00170AGPQ Perfect commute boots for winter! I bought these boots this year as commuter boots since I live in NYC and need warm, comfortable boots that don't look like moutaineering boots.  I love these boots.  I have worn them every day since I purchased them.  Some of the reviews have mentioned the boots being narrow and tight around the ankles and calves; its not true for me. I am a 5'8 woman with normal measurements and bought the size 10 and the boots are fine.  I have worn them with all my jean tucked in and no tightness, and I wore them with double socks for New Year's Eve and it was fine.  The boots actually have an elastic band in the insert of the shaft and allows for room to grow.  The boots are true to size and are really warm and comfortable.  So if you want them purchase them and with assurance that they will fit just the way you want them to be! I love them.
B001760BYQ Great Boots! Timberland makes great boots.  I just finished walking all over Alaska in these boots and never had a problem.  They fit like gloves and were very comfortable from the first time I put them on.
B001760BYQ Good quality as always Comfortable boots, well made. Only one thing I don't like, the shoe laces are made of synthetic material, kinda cheap looking. Other than that, I like the boots very much!
B001760K56 Overall its a good boots with few exceptions..... The boots look great! Fits right. I am a size 8. My only problem is...a slight struggle to fit my feet into the boots and difficult to get my feet out! You have to be really cautious or else...one good day you might just break the zippers.
B001760K56 Finally found the boots I've been searching for years & years! Received boots within 5 days!  Opened the box and they look just as pictured and so soft.  My very first pair of real leather boots.  I found a pair that were similar style at Kohl's(I love this store so not a negative at all) for under $50, but they were synthetic, and my feet were cold in the store and it's summer!  Then remembered how cold my feet get in a pair of synthetic boots I have at home.  Tried them on to see what size to order in boots.  So, I came back to Amazon and took a huge leap to order boots online.  I ordered a size 7 (based on the ones I tried on at Kohl's).  At first I was worried they wouldn't fit.  It's tough to get foot in at first and the side of toes and calfs were snug. (surprising because boots always gap on me and I hate that).  Wondered if I'd be able to wear over my jeans.  Decided to walk around in the house on carpet and give them a try because I felt the next 1/2 size up would be too big.  1st thing I noticed were how warm and soft they are!  They are comfortable to walk in and not to high of a heal which is great because I have a herniated disk in lower back and just can't wear the high heals anymore.  I wanted a good sole with good traction need them for Michigan. After wearing them the side toe area and the calf has loosened.  I believe I may be able to get skinny jeans tucked into them.  I absolutely love them.  The color, texture, comfort and a sharp looking and stylish boot!  It's worth the extra money.  I've always felt bad for spending to much(did it this time because my husband said to get them for my birthday), but in the long run it will be cheaper.  Because those $30-$60 synthetic boots I kept buying trying to find just the right pair added up over the years!  Probably spent 4x's as much.  I researched Timberland and recognized the hiking and work boots that are so common in the area I live, and knew they were a good reputable brand.  Plus, I loved that they went on sale right on my birthday!  They were 200+ when I first looked, and went down to $137:)  So, if you've been looking forever for that perfect boot, these are it...
B001760K56 great boots beautiful leather...fits my calfs(most boots are too wide on my calfs)...no break-in time..they are so comfortable and I get many compliments..great boots!!!
B001760K56 Great Boots! I really like these boots! they are comfortable for walking with no break-in required.  Leather is soft, would like a little more of a shine, but can polish myself.  I've worn with a skirt and also with jeans tucked in.
B001760K56 Cool boots I bought these very nice Timberland Lexiss Full Shaft boots from Shoemania thru Amazon.  Very nice quality, extremely good service from Shoemania.  No complaints.  I know my calves are muscular but the boots have a bit of extra room once you extend the gore on the side of the boot. I'm keeping them! These boots are kinda hard to find on the west coast! They are keepers!
B001760K56 These boots are fabulous I wear them twice since I got them. I walked ten minutes to catch the train, believe me they are walking boots. I had them on for 8 hours straight and they were still feeling comfortable walking back home. Seriously, I did not expect them to be so comfortable,they surpass my expectations. I have other boots.
B001760K56 Wonderful Boots! I love these boots.  They are incredible comfortable to wear and look really sharp with skinny jeans, skirts, dresses, pretty much anything.  I work in a lab and I'm on my feet most of the day, but wearing these don't tire my feet or legs out.  They were a little snug at first, but the leather has molded and adjusted to my feet, so now they feel like butter.  Lastly, I live in Michigan and it's real, real cold here, but these boots stand up to the cold snow and wind with no problem.  I highly recommend these boots.  Plus, on Amazon they are about half the price of what you'd pay in the store - so win!
B001760K56 Arrived Damaged! The boots were folded in the box direct from Amazon, and the zipper was broken right at the fold.  The boots were not usable and would require the entire zipper to be replaced.  This is pretty poor considering the boots were sold as brand new in box.
B001760K56 Great Boots! After wearing these boots all day, I can easily wear them out all night. They are extremely comfortable, makes me wonder why the heck do I ever wear anything else. Also the calf fit, no slop, which most of the time is too big for me. I love these boots.
B001760K56 I LOVE these boots!!! I bought these boots back in October 2010. They have been in my closet unworn.  I found them a couple of months ago and have been wearing them ever since.  I actually forgot I bought them and had them.  Anyway, they are extremely comfortable, fashionable and cute. I am a 6.5, but I purchased them in a size 6 and they fit perfectly.  I have been wearing them with tights/leggings and different length skirts (mostly mini) and have been receiving a lot of compliments.  I have several pairs of boots, but I keep throwing these on.  My boyfriend even made a comment about them to me the other day; "boy, you sure like those boots."  HA, well I do, and he does too.  I just ordered them in brown and paid even less than I did for the first pair. I should be receiving them today!  I hope they look as good in brown.  I saw another cool pair by Clarks I am interested in.  They are the "Clarks Women's Orinocco Step Motorcycle Boot."
B001760K56 Love these boots I was looking for a shinny pair of riding boots to dress up in. I got these boots and although they arnt exactley what I was looking for But I love them. They are comfortable and have a good tread on them. They are waterproof. I did order 1/2 size bigger than my normal size and they fit great. They are not shinny more dull like regular timerland hiking boots. But I am keeping them. I have recieved many complements on them.
B001760K56 Boots are great but sizing is way off!!! I am a size 9 - 9.5 for winter (big socks)so I ordered the 9.5M. Like previous reviewers said, the boots run pretty long. I think it is the design of the boots but I personally do not believe that "pointy" boots are flattering when you already have size 9.5 shoes, but that is my take on it! So I returned that pair and ordered the 9 W to have more room on the toe box (those boots seemed narrower than the numerous boots I have tried on). Still a least one size to big! I left it there...The boots are made of beautiful leather, soft but strong and the finishes are high quality, built to last it seems. I am disappointed that model did not work for me but I will definitely give another chance to Timberland brand.
B001760K56 Best boots I've ever had I bought a pair of brown Timberland boots like this style back in 2008 (they quit making this exact style since then). They are the only pair of boots that I have found to fit my tiny calves, as most boots are way too big on me in that area. After trying for a long time to find black ones of the same style and would adjust to fit my calves, I finally found these and got them for Christmas. They are comfortable, stylish, and the leather is exquisite... just like my faithful brown boots. They keep your feet and legs very warm and are easy to wear for multiple hours. The heel is low, which makes them easy to walk in. You can't go wrong buying these boots or any pair of timberland boots for that matter (I have 3 pair of hiking boots as well).
B001760K56 love them! These boots are even better than I expected! I did order one size smaller and I am so pleased I did. Thanks for those of you who said that prior to me buying these. They were a bit tight initially on my biggest foot and after a day of wearing with no sore spots--fit like a glove now and so incredibly comfortable. I did wish they had come with care instructions and there was only one cardboard boot support instead of for both boots. Oh well, minor things. I have had lots of compliments on the boots and they look good with skirts. Would buy another pair.
B001760K56 Great Boots I got the brown ones first and then had to have them in black too.  Very comfortable and have received many compliments.
B001760K56 High quality, stylishly rugged, comfortable boots These boots are very versatile; you can hike through the woods with the dog or look stylish in the city.  They fit well and are comfortable and very durable.  Since the leather is water-resistant and somewhat rugged, they don't mar easily.  The quality of the materials and the workmanship are very high and I hope to wear them for a long time.
B001760K56 I was not sure when I purchased but glad i did I get so many compliments on these boots, they are amazing. They fit perfectly and are great quality. Feminine while still being sturdy.
B001760K56 Sexy boots I have a pair of timberland boots from a couple of years ago and I ordered these boots in the same size.  They are so sexy and amazingly comfortable.  They look great with jeans, leggings or a skirt.  I love them.
B001760K56 These boots are made for walkin' Wow, these boots just slipped right on and off I went, so comfortable! I have been wearing them ever since. Got a size 9m and they are true to size. These are not dressy boots but I would definitely wear them with a skirt and tights!
B001760K56 Beautiful Boots They fit like a glove!Really well made boots I really like them however they run half size bigger! Great heel height for flat looking boots!
B001760K56 Great boots!! I love these boots!!  I usually wear an 8 or 8 1/2.  I ordered these in an 8 and they fit perfectly.  I wear them with wool socks and skinny jeans tucked in.  I get compliments on them every time I wear them.  They are very comfortable and much cuter than any UGG boots I have seen (and a better price.)
B001760K56 Beautiful boot! I've been looking for a nice pair of brown boots for some time and just couldn't find ones I loved. Had a lot of trouble finding boots that were the "right" shade of brown, the right mixture of casual/dressy and weren't too expensive. These boots are perfect! I usually wear a size 9, but ordered the 8.5 regular, and they've stretched out nicely. Very comfortable and classy looking. Great in rain; wore them to walk my friend's dog in a light downpour and they still look and feel great. Will soon be ordering the black as well!
B001760K56 Stylish Winter Boots Great Boots, very comfortable and stylish. I have muscular calves and often, tall boots do not fit over them, that was not the case with these boots. The buckles at the top of the shaft and the heel of the boot allow for a bit of adjustment. These boots and the box they are packaged in are made from recycled materials, which is a great way to support the environment.
B001760K56 Best Boots I love these Boots. Very comfortable. Lovely with skirts or trousers. This is the second time I have brought them as they look so good
B001760OQQ Super cute, super comfortable Being a size 11 I'm terribly hard to fit and am forced to order most of my shoes online.  Consequently, 99 out of 100 go right back in the packaging and returned.  I needed a durable boot for motorcycle riding and exhausted the motorcycle specific options without finding a single boot that was remotely comfortable, sized appropriately, or well constructed so I moved on to the next most durable boot I could think of, and the company best known for making great hard wearing hiking boots, and ordered these Timberland boots.  Upon opening this box, I was really skeptical.  The toe box seemed really long, as though the maker elongated the toe portion to add length to achieve the larger size.  I normally wear a B width and this was only available in the C/D (wide) width and I'm so glad I tried it because it was really narrow, even for my medium width feet.  However, after five minutes, the leather warmed and softened and feels as good as my custom shoes, but are 100 times more attractive.I love the "Steam Punk" look and the leather is soft, thick and the boots feel like they will last 10 years with reasonable care and a couple of resoles.  The construction is really top notch and they are super comfortable to walk and stand in.  I have been wearing Ariat's as I ride horses as well as motorcycles and have been really disappointed with the lasting quality of the lace up boots I'm currently wearing.  Many other lace ups I've tried as well as the Ariats have seams on the inside that rub giant blisters on my heels and my riding boots still rub after 4 months of breaking in.  These Timberlands are not rubbing my heels and are smooth and soft on the inside.  I have not tried riding in them but they seem appropriate and I can't wait to see if they are as comfortable in the saddle as they are walking, standing and riding the motorcycle.  I cannot say enough about these boots and at $69.99 they are a steal, I'm considering ordering a second pair to keep at the stable and one for wearing out.  Love love LOVE these boots!..
B0017662M6 Cool boots This is a really cool looking boots made by good brand. The heel is really stable and non-slip rubber sole will make it easier to walk on a wet or icy surface.Great looking boots for goth fashion.
B0019QW8DQ great field boots my grandaughters (twins) love these boots.  Good looking and NEVER a problem with Timberland quality.  I purchased 2 pair and the boots are the rare item that they want to match.  Price better than at Timberland website and bonus of free shipping.
B0019R180O Nice boots! The boots were just as pictured and true to size.  Love them for the quality and style.  My twin boys think they are cool.
B0019R364U Functional Boots Boots arrived on time.  The boots are stylish and functional.Had to have the zippers repaired twice so far.  I am currently inneed of repairing the zippers for a third time. Replacing the zipperswould be costly. Still fits.
B001ABOD24 great boots probably my favorite pair of boots i've owned. i ride a Harley and i wanted a nice pair of boots that could go with a shirt and tie. and these were it. i love the boots. they look and feel great. i wear them out when i'm dressing in something more then a t-shirt and sneakers. the only thing i don't like about them is there's a loop on the backside that gets on my nerves because the pants will get hung up on it and i have to fix them all the time. but other then that i'm glad i bought them.
B001AQU1DO great boots I love my boots and the price I paid. No place like AMAZON.COM to shop.
B001B7FP60 Great boots These boots do not leak, warm. Great design. Sizing is true. The sole looks like it can stand an icy road. Overall nice boots to have!
B001B7FP60 TRUE COMFORT Most men's boots aren't comfortable but these boots feel like slippers! The shearling lining makes these boots very comfortable and very warm. I wear thick socks with mine & don't get cold. It is a VERY light-weight boot that wont weigh you down if you do a lot of walking in them. I forget I have them on at times (they're that comfortable). I used to put Dr. Scholl's foot pads in all my boots because they generally aren't made for comfort (i.e. Polo boots) but I didn't need to with these Timberlands. They are also easy to clean. I was definitely satisfied with this purchase.
B001C4CIP8 Super Heavy Duty I love these boots.  My Goth girl side is very happy!!!  I am also excited about how they will work in winter.  I wore them around the house for a little bit yesterday, and My tootsies were toasty!  They are very heavy boots, so if you are not already used to steel toe boots, I wouldnt recommend these for your first try.They fit snuggly,so I recommend going a full size to size+half bigger than typical.  I am a women's 8, which would have converted to men's 6.  I ordered the 7, bc that was the smallest they sell.  It fit just right, and I could even go a little bigger to make room for thick socks.I'm super thrilled with these boots, for function and fashion!!
B001C4CIP8 A DEFINITELY MUST GET!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im from trinidad and tobage in the caribbean and i bought these boots over two years now and the boots with just a little polish it looks almost as good as when i got them they are fantastic and strong boots i work in the petrochemical industry and on pipelines and these boots stand up to the most rugged treatment,water mud slush man best boots ive ever owned to bad i cant get the laces for lifetime though lol......
B001C4CIP8 Good quality My husband used to buy only Redwing boots and he had purchased a pair of the Timberland Pro boots like this a few years ago. They lastest a really long time, but he works in a coal mine and after so long boots breakdown. He tried a pair of Redwing boots again after he wore out the Timberland boots. He could not stand the Redwings anymore. Compared to the Timberland boots they were uncomfortable and took forever to break in. I purchased these boots for him again before the Redwings were wore out because he complained so much. He is one happy footed camper!
B001C4CIP8 boots these are the most comfy boots for work I suggest these for everyone. My feet dont hurt and I will order these again
B001DYDGQM Nice..unless you need 'tough" boots These are VERY attractive boots. They get a lot of compliments, but they are not durable enough for everyday wear nor are they to be worn to work in. However, if your intention is to wear them occasionally to spruce up an outfit, they are perfect.
B001EBJU82 shoes unseen slip on boots of this style do not always fit and need time to get used to.  I was very surprised to find that these fit very well right out of the box. no trouble getting my feet in or out of these boots.  which has been a problem in the past with other wellington style boots.  I liked the styling even better than I thought I would by looking at the online photo.  again I would give the boots a 5 star rating if I only went by the fit of the boot.  I like to give the boot a time to see how they stand up to the oils at work.  I really like the styling of this boot way better than other wellington boots by other shoe manufactures. I will be buying these again when I comes time to replace the ones I now have.
B001EBJU82 Good welding boots These boots were great for my job there's no shoe strings to burn off when you're welding and the tough leather it comes with never gives up. I've had these boots for 2 years and  that I dislik for me to be able to get my foot inside the for me to be able to get my foot inside the boot.
B001EBJU82 Good boot I work in a shipyard and most all boots I owned get soaked with saltwater, These boots are great at repelling the outside elements.
B001EBJU82 my favorite boots ive found!!!! I buy these boots every year, they last a full year. I work for 14 days straight for 12+ hour days, with a 2 weeks on one off and wear them at home. Great boots except for pulling shocks down.
B001EBJU82 Good boots Great quality! Boots like the picture!The size of the right! I will order the next couple Timberland!Delivered on time! Thank you!
B001EBJU82 So far so good Boots broke in in 3 days, bit looser than same size doc marten.  Easy to clean of dust, just a quick spray with the hose.  Boots are quite comfortable, they have more padding on the sides than I expected.  We shall see how long they hold up.Update August 2011.Had these boots 3 months now.  Super tough boot, wearing them nearly day in dusty desert heat.  No scuffs, the leather is amazingly tough.  No seams coming out, the uppers have broken in nicely.  A quick wash with plain water makes these boots look like new again.As good as the Wolverine and Doc Martens used to be.  Much better than the current Dpc Marten and Wolverine boots in terms of quality and durability.  Looks like I will get a good year and a half of hard wear out of these boots.
B001EBJU82 Great Boots I bought these boots in Jan 2012 because I was tired of tying and untying my boots (Especially at the end of a long day). That was the deciding factor.I had never had a pair of pull ons before and thought I'd give them a shot. I work in a sheet metal shop and am on my feet 40+ hours a week. They've been put to the test. I've had them a little over a year now and it's time to retire them. For a pair of boots to last more than 8 or 9 months is rare. I would definitely recommend these boots. As for me, I'm getting another pair. Oh and they're comfortable too.
B001EWFEOK A very comfortable boor This is my second set of Timberland Men's boots.  I walk a couple of miles most days.  I wore the first set of boots out after about 350 miles of walking.  The duration of wear compares favorable with my other walking shoes.  The boots are warm and, most importantly, comfortable.
B001EWFF30 Well made boots Purchased Timberland Flume boots in an 11 wide. Well made, comfortable and well worth the money. They wear like a tennis shoe in comfort with the sturdiness of a boot.
B001EWFF30 Great boots for the snow Wanted to look for a pair of boots to wear that was comfortable but also rugged. The weather in Chicago in the winter can get bad so i need these boots to to the job. It's a good thing i made the decision to purchase this particular boots cause it's really comfortable on my feet. The only thing that bothers me is the laces are too long but still great boots.
B001EWFF30 Poor quality I am a Merrell fan and I've bought their boots for years with great results.  This time I went with the cheaper Timberland boots because my past experience with Timberland over a decade ago had been good.  From the beginning I was not happy with the boots, they were OK but they did not breathe as well as the Merrells, they didn't fit as well as the Merrells, they didn't feel as solid as the Merrells - well, they were OK but . . . . but.  I ordered these 6 months ago and I only wear them to work around my yard so no much use at all.  Yesterday the top left metal hook came off just like it did for another reviewer here.  What good are the mediocre boots for less money when you cannot tie the laces?  I'm throwing these away and ordering Merrell boots again.  I should have paid the extra money for the superior boots - another instance that shows that one gets what one pays for.
B001EWFF30 Timberland boots Worn Timberland boots for years and have not been disappointed in fit or wear.  These are the same quality as expected.
B001EWFF30 Great boots for good price! Received these boots in Ukraine. Very good item, I liked them very much but I did mistake with size when placed an order, so received boots were too big for me, however I have sold them very quickly and new owner is very happy. These boots costs much more here in Ukraine than I purchased them on Amazon. Great boots for good price!
B001EWFF30 Nice Looking Boots I have to admit that I have not even tried on these boots. I bought them for my upcoming trip to Alaska so my wife and I can hike the beautiful trails. I will be wearing them soon so as to work in the boots. But I do know quite a bit about Timberland products and have owned various merchandise that has shown to be of the up most quality. The boots look to be made well and I have every confidence that they will function greatly for our Alaskan trip. My wife purchased similar boots from Timberland as well.
B001FA12RO Great boots Excellent boots. Timberland makes a great, quality boots. My husband has had many of Timberland boots and wears them all day for work. He finds them comfortable and long lasting. I highly recommend this seller. The delivery was fast and product was exactly as promised.
B001FXZU92 Excellent boots It's a very nice pair of boots. I walked over water, oil, nails, rocks, metals scraps and god knows what with these and they have kept my feet intact. Also so strong that I used the right one as a demolition hammer to kick some 2x4's connected with 16d's out of the way.My only complaint: It is too good looking a pair of boots to get dirty. I feel bad looking at my dirty boots, well...
B001FXZU92 Im loving it! If you're  looking for comfort, you must buy these boots.I'm was satisfied the minute I put these boots on my feet.
B001FXZU92 Timberland Endurance The boots are pretty comfy with the anti fatigue souls. The only drawback is how heavy they are compared to other boots I have owned. Hope they last atleast 1 year.
B001FXZU92 You can kick a tank and destroy it with these boots! Well maybe not a tank but they are very tough and yet very comfortable to wear all day!  The extra weight compared to other work boots is a welcome workout if you don't have the time to hit the gym.  There's nothing really to complain about with these boots except of course the need for soles that last longer than 1.5 years.
B001FXZU92 Nice boots for first month. I have bought about 6 pairs in 2 years time. Boots always fail in the stitching....usually in the heel above the plastic. The tread is great but the stitching and leather does not hold up. The boots are pitched to construction worker and they are not up to the beating the construction field puts on them.... They are more for the guy who wants to look tough not the guy that does tough work!!!!!!
B001FXZU92 Best choice for me I started with some TImeberland PRO leather boots without rubber toes and found them to be a bad choice for me: the toes would scuff very easily (I tend to hit my toes on things with boots).These boots definitely solve the toe problem and are very comfortable at the same time.  The rubber the toes/heels are covered with is very hard and does not dent at all.  The leather in between is also very easy to polish and is not too soft.
B001FXZU92 Timberland work boots These boots are very comfortable and save your feet from everyday wear and tear. I would recomend these boots to everyone. Only boots I will buy.
B001FXZU92 not great Hope they were going to be better, The boots were heavy and not so good on knees. For the money I wanted more.
B001FXZU92 Great durable and comfortable boots. I bought these boots to replace another pair of Timberland PRO boots.  It seemed I was buying a new pair every 4-6 months.  I needed something more durable.  I work in a warehouse and showroom for appliances and I wear them every day.  So far so good.  They are more comfortable and warmer than the other boots I used to get.  I have only had them for a month, but they are holding up very well.  If you are looking for comfort and durability, these are your boots.
B001FXZU92 great boots so far i have them for 2 weeks and have been wearing them from 8am to 9 pm and my feet don't hurt like the cheap boots i purchased in the past....hopefully they wont fall apart will see..... i would recommend them but be weary about the sizes its a little confusing
B001FXZU92 I recommended ... The boots are stronger, I personally bought insoles for them. I like the design. Really no that comfortable, but with insoles your are have a good boots to work...
B001FXZU92 Great boots! I have come to love Timberland Pro work boots over the years. I'm a big fan of the Timberland Pro Titan, and now of these Timberland Pro Endurance boots. The Endurance boots are slightly heavier than the Titans, but just as, if not more than, comfortable. The footbed offers great support, and the soul is rigid. Lacing system works great, and the laces do not loosen as other boots of this type do so often. They also look pretty nice as well!
B001FXZU92 Great Item. I totally love these boots.  They are comfortable and easy to get on and off.  I would recommend these for anyone who is looking for a nice pair of comfortable work boots.
B001FXZU92 Great Boots. Very nice looking boots, very confortable, bit heavy but they are steel toe you kinda got to expect that. Did a ton of work on hot summer days and they were very breathable and never too hot. Also wear them in the winter in the snow and the have always kept my feet dry. I have had these boots probably 6 months and I scrubbed them off the other day and they still look dang close to new. I am all around impressed with these boots. I would reccomend them to anyone.
B001FXZU92 Timberland Pro Steel Toe I have had several pairs of Timberland work boots in the past so it was an easy decision to order another pair. When I received the boots, my first impression was that were just as durable and handsome a boot as the previous Timberlands I had purchased, but after trying them on and walking around the house for a while, I realized that these boots are totally different from previous models I had loved. These boots are ultra stiff and a little bit heavier than the others I had grown to love. I had to send them back because I work 12 hour shifts and stay on my feet most of the 12. I simply don't have the time or the patience to break in a set of boots. I have broken in boots that were no where near as stiff as these, and it took months. So although the boots seemed very well made, I have only given them 3 stars due to the fact that they were extremely uncomfortable right out of the box. Some different insoles may have helped.
B001FXZU92 Great boots These are by far the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn. These are my second pair of Timberland Pro Endurances and my next pair will probably be the same boots. They are a little heavier then some boots but make up for it in comfort. I am on concrete for 12 hrs minimum and when I come home I don't even want to take these boots off!
B001FXZU92 Great boots right out of the box. My new puppy ate the insoles out of my year old work boots, so it was time for a new pair. After checking out many different boots and many different reviews, I ordered a pair of Timberlands.  I put them on ten minutes after the big brown truck left and wore them for eight hours.  Great boots, not too heavy like some of the critiques said, little break in discomfort.  I have been wearing them to my construction job every day now for two weeks and am more than satisfied. Love the idea of a steel plate in the bottom, I've had nails go nearly through my foot.
B001FXZU92 Great Boots The style and comfort of these boots is exceptional, very rugged and the toe and heel have extra protection with no distraction from comfort. I will always look at Timberland PRO every time I need a new pair.
B001FXZU92 This is a very good product... Just wanted to let anyone interested in purchasing these boots will be very impressed with them.  This is my husband's third pair in two years.  He is a construction worker and therefore very hard on work boots.  He swears by these boots because he is on his feet over 13 hours a day and he does not feel the usual foot fatigue as he did with other boots.  They are very durable and sturdy for the price the boots are offered at.  I would recommend this particular model to anyone that needs a reliable work boot thats easy on the feet also.  Happy New Year...
B001FXZU92 Good work boots These are good work boots. The anti-fatigue feature works really well. The boots are very comfortable. The only niggle is my little toe on my bigger foot gets pinched, but I am still breaking these boots in. So far I am very pleased with these boots.
B001GB379I stairs my boots are great but.....(DON'T RUN UP OR DOWN STAIRS)  WHOOOOOOO! But the boots are very very very very comfortable!!!!!
B001GB8IVA I really thought they would have been higher quality... These boots were extremely comfortable for the few days they were intact...The metal eyelets fell out within a few days and within a week the heal started to wear through and even wore through my boot socks...I have had Timberland products before and have been pleased but these boots were horrible. To make things even worse I called Timberland got an RA number since they agreed it was a quality defect, and I sent the boots into them...never heard back from them! I have called a few times and they have no recollection of ever receiving the boots! After too many calls to mention it seems I am just out the money...too bad.
B001IK87MY Great Boots I have worn timberland boots for over twenty years for work and relaxing. I almost always stay away from items that are 'pre-stressed' like jeans and so forth because as a carpenter my clothes end up looking like that anyway! These boots however are so good looking. I typically get the standard yellowish timberland boots so these are a very nice change. One of the things I disliked about getting a new pair of the yellowish timberlands is that dreaded first scuff mark always stuck out like a sore thumb. I've dinged these several times while wearing them and it only adds to the great look they already had. Love them.
B001JAH59E Great boots for daily wear Bought these boots last year and wear them quite a bit. They were very soft and comfortable from the first time they were put on. A little tight in the upper area requiring unlacing of a couple of holes, but nothing horrible.
B001L1DBQC Great work boots! These boots are very comfortable and durable. These replace another pair of Timberland pro boots and I will be buying another set next year. Timberland pro are always the best quality and help with standing for more then 10 hours a day.
B001L1DBQC 5 Stars and Glowing Accolades I LOVE these work boots. I've owned the 6" high version before but wanted added ankle stability and in-the-field critter protection so I purchased the 8" version when I needed a new pair of boots. Timberland Pro makes great products and these boots are definitely one of them!
B001L1DBQC Great boots These boots are very comfortable for all day wear.  I have worn these before and loved them, so bought them again.
B001LI7HJC lovely boots Ohhh..I love these boots...I can wear them all day!!! Gorgeous boots..very comfortable. .and very warm inside. Im glad I bought them
B001LI7HJC Great boots! I love these boots very comfortable. I just don't know with what to clean them? Can anyone please tell me how to clean them they have stains :( Idk what to buy.
B001LI7HJC boots I liked the boots but they are too big and have already arrange for pickup and yes I would recommend these to anyone.
B001O1PO96 I have an extra set in my closet so I'll never be without. I tried lots of different casual hiking boots for everyday as well as work wear over the years. Most of them looked great, and were comfortable at first . . . but they all wore out quickly. I bought K2 when they were making boots, Nike and others. The Timberland boots are awesome. Very waterproof, very comfortable, and last quite a while. I usually wear them out in 2 or 3 seasons of wear. I use them for carpentry, yard work, daily wear in the fall and winter. I like to keep a "dress" pair that I wear for going out. Great boots. In constant rotation in my closet. Excellent value!
B001OAG9LE Timberland Mens 6 Inch PREMIUM Boots This was a great product, just like all timberland boots. The inside of the boots are cushioned and it is very comfortable to wear, specially for timberland boots. Its matte black so it look very professional.
B001PBK87I Excellent Value Boots fit as expected and are very comfortable right out of the box.  I have had many pairs of Timberland hiking boots throughout the years and have been very happy with them.  I decided to give their work boots a go and so far I am not disappointed.  If they wear well, I will be back for more.
B001PBK87I Great Boots These boots are well made and have a nice fit.  I need boots to be rugged and these seem to fit the bill.  They were comfortable the first time they were put on, and they are true to size.
B001PBK87I Really like these boots These boots are above my expectations. They are more comfortable than the last couple pairs that I have had. I can see these being purchased again in the future.
B001PBK87I Great Boots Boots are true to size, EXELLANT quality !!! Great looking boots and comfortable to wear. I havn't had Timberland boots for about 6 years and am glad I bought these they are way detter than Rockys.
B001S5X31E love the boots Usually when i buy shoes or boots they are kind of tight until i break them in but these boots have room from the start.  Love these boots wore them in the snow and rain already they kept me dry and warm.  I will most likely get another pair because of the price and dependability good boots.
B001S5X31E Sorry I spent 20 years in the US Army Combat Arms Airborne wearing boots every day, 25 years in construction wearing boots every day. I bought these boots for forestry work. From day one these boots have been extermly unconfertable, the insoles are a real pain! I even purchased Dr. Schoal's boot inserts, all to no avail.  I know how to brake in boots  and what to expect from them. The outside construction of the boot is very good, but that is all the good that I can say about them. If you cannot wear them because of the inside  the quality of the exterior does nor matter.  I DO NOT recommend these boots, except to the Russians.
B001S5X31E These boots are the real thing... I got these boots three years ago after eyeing them for about a year. Just the looks alone had me sold. I paid a pretty penny and found out these boots were for real. Lightweight, comfortable, waterproof, non-fatiguing these boots deliver. They wear great around the ankles, no bind, they're so cool I can lace 'em up by feel. No, I will not knock off a star for marking up my shins. I don't know a more appropriate boot for the the next big earthquake or zombie apocalypse, whatever comes first.
B001S5X31E Tahboogie79 These boots are great. I have no problem moving around in them.The only downs I have on these boots are when tieing them.
B001S5X31E Great boots These boots fit very snug and tight exactly the way I expect a work boot to fit. I have only had them for about a month but I have been wearing them everyday to work breaking them in. When I first received the boots I was concerned because they looked bigger than I had expected but the fit was perfect. I ordered a 10.5 US, the front and back of the boots stick out further due to more insulation. The boots are well insulated and air tight which will cause your feet to sweat, if that is a problem for some then I would recommend not buying these boots. For a Chinese made product these boots have preformed flawlessly
B001SARJXC I lone these boots! First pair of slip on boots,very comfortable out of the box. I've been buying timberland boots for a while and yet to find pair I didn't like. I used to swear by wolverines until a few years ago, they cheap end their boots up. I hope timberland doesn't try it.
B001SARJXC Great Fit These are the most comfortable boots I have ever put on. They are soft, easy to put on and take off. I have had been ask where I got them. I say amazon.
B001SARJXC Come on, Timberland! Give us quality! I previously owned a pair of brown double gored Timberland boots in almost a previous version of this style. They had a hard spot where the heal ended. This created a pressure point in the bottom of the foot and the shoes could not be worn for long periods of time. It was so bad, I am convinced then never quality tested this boot. So I got an insole. Problem solved.These new boots have a better insole, so at first I was happy. But after wearing them for a while, I found that the top of the tongue was uncomfortable pressing on my shin. It feels like at then end of a day of skiing in plastic ski boots. I wondered why the other boots didn't do this so I took a look. The old boots had padding around the inside edge of tongue and the back inside edge where your ankle exits the boot. Timberland obviously knew that these pads are needed in this style boot, because they included them in the previous version. But they cut them out in this version, presumably to save money. At these prices, I expect better. Oh, and these new lower quality boots COST MORE than the old ones, which had the padding. COME ON TIMBERLAND! Give us quality! I admit that your boots are the most attractive. But make the wearable and long lasting, and your boots will earn five starts and create loyal customers.
B001SARJXC returned boots I liked the leather and overall design of these boots.  Size and fit were accurate.  I regretably returned boots because the boots were uncomfortable due to an high and stiff instep-it felt like I was walking on a hard ball.  It was interesting to note when I removed the innersole to examine the boots,  I found there was no midsole, but that the innersole actually extended into a large cavity within the outer sole itself.  I suspect that the instep issue is due to this particular design and construction.
B001SARJXC Sleek improved version of my favorite boots I had Timberland boots before, they were big and oversized, nevertheless, I loved those boots for many reasons.  These were a replacement, and the fit is much better, actually.  I was fine with the old version, but I suspect some weren't.  And the truth is, that the loose fitting version looked pretty dumpy after a while, because it just didn't fit well, and maybe was more suited to working outdoors, or similar.  The new one is sleeker and I will replace with the same when they wear out, but that will probably be a while, because for anyone that hasn't had Timberland boots before, they last a pretty long time.
B001SARJXC Great boots. Right price. I read reviews about several different all weather boots before I made the choice to buy these boots. The chelsea boots kept coming to the top of my list based on two factors: style and function. I am very glad I chose them. I've had them for almost 2 months and they are comfortable, durable, and easy to match with any grade of attire, from casual to dressy.The reviews that said these boots come in true foot size are also true. If you are a size 11, then order an 11, they will fit like a glove.Overall, I have been very impressed and very pleased.
B001SARJXC Timberland Mt. Washington City Chelsea Boot Overall the boots have been great. I wear them daily to work where I spend 8 to 10 hours on my feet. I bought these boots to battle Chicagoland winter weather and they have done a wonderful job. My feet have never been wet.When I first put the boots on it seemed that the arch was very high, but after only a couple of hours of wear they had broken in nicely. The boots felt very true to size and look great with jeans or chinos. I purchased the boots on sale through Amazon and feel I got a wonderful bargain.
B001SARJXC Great Boots These boots are absolutely wonderful. They seem durable, more so than some other cheaper brands for a similar price. They are extremely comfortable and fit perfectly. I imagine they will last quite a long time too.
B001SARJXC favorite boots I love these boots.  leather wore a little sooner than expected, so doenst work as well with black jeans or slacks. wear dressed up or down.
B001SARJXC Great boots! But... I like these boots a lot. They are comfortable, look great, versatile, and can be worn with many different looks.I like them better than anything else I have tried but here's the thing:The sizes of these boots vary, I am guessing depending on where they are made. I just got them in brown and black both size 13M. The brown ones (made in China) are true to size but are quite tight on the lower shin just as the first reviewer mentioned. The black ones (made in Vietnam) are larger but a lot more comfortable around the chin. I don't mind them being larger cause I like roomy shoes.I think the bottom line is you have to keep returning them and re-ordering the same pair until you get one that is good for you! I did that with the black ones because the first black pair I received was  definitely malformed and uncomfortable. These are great boots and if they were made precisely to Timberland's specs they would be perfect. Timberland needs some serious work on their quality control at their various manufacturing plants so they can give us what we expect, like the old days!
B001SARJXC Super comfy shoes If I was a man, I'd give these shoes 5 stars. However, they were just too butch looking for me. Yes, I'm a woman who bought a men's boots. For the past month, I've been on the hunt for new black boots. All the women's boots have been too narrow for me... and I don't have particularly wide feet... just size 10's. I thought I'd give men's boots a try. These boots are SUPER comfy! In my opinion, a little more on the rugged side, versus casually dressy. The soles of the boots, in the front, have a wide lip on them. I think that's what makes them seem more manly-looking.
B001SARJXC Boots They are not only comfortable, but durable. They also fit just right. They have a sturdy heel and sole, but are not too heavy.
B001SARJXC exceeded my expectations I purchased these boots recently after reading the dozens of reviews on here and elswhere. As I respect everyone has their own opinion (the majority of reviews I looked at highly commended these boots) I tend to be a little sceptical when ordering online usually, however on receipt of these goods I can honestly say this pair of Timberlands I purchased far exceeded my expectations!I ordered my actual shoe size and they fit like a glove, just perfect.These are by far the most comfortable boots I have ever owned and look forward to wearing them at every opportunity...
B001SARJXC Great Boots Great boots.  For a guy who doesn't normally wear boots, these are really comfy.  I had not worn a pair of boots for maybe 15 years, but now that I have these, I may have to expand my footwear choices.
B001SARJXC Chelsea boots This boots is very comfortable. I just wish there was some padding at the top/entrance of the boots as sometimes the leather rubs on my shin bone and foot causing some discomfort.
B001U0ORVW I am pleased with these boots The only reason I didn't give these boots a 5 star rating is because they are about a half size too big for me, which is common for Timberland boots I am finding out.  They are comfortable and stylish
B001U0OTCY Nice Boots! First let me say that when I picked up the box these boots were delivered in, I thought that I was sent the wrong item.They were so light, I was almost sure that there weren't any snow boots inside. To my surprise there were boots inside. The second thing that caught my attention was how great they looked.They looked just like the picture but better.The third thing was again how light they were when I removed one boot from the box. They were very light but very sturdy and well made.The fourth thing was how comfortable they were. I read previous reviews where there was some concern about them being oversized. My experience is that I ordered my correct shoe size and that there was about an inch beyond the toe to the tip of the shoe. To me that was great because I do not like my toes to press against the front of the boot when I stand up. Another thing is that when I put on two layers of socks there was room to accomodate the extra thickness, so this was not an issue with me.The bottom line is that I am really liking these boots.And they are Timberlands. Who knows boots better.
B001U0OTCY These boots are great! I don't know much about boots and these were recommended by a Facebook friend of mine. I was very pleased to find out how lightweight these boots are. I live in the NYC area so these boots were quite useful in keep my feet dry and comfy in the 20something inches of snow and ice we had. Great boots.
B001U89LQK Tall Black Boots Love the boots!  They are true to size and very comfortable.  I wear them almost every day.
B001U89LQK Great boots Boots are beautiful and I have received many compliments. Leather is soft but not to soft that the boot falls. Well made and comfortable.
B001U89OGM Going on 13 days still no boots I cant say if I like the boots or not, I still haven't received them.  They were supposed to be here between the 8th and 13th and I received an email on the 11th saying that Papa Shoes (where the boots are coming from) still has not processed the order. I emailed Papa Shoes twice to see when the boots will be here and they will not even reply.  Terrible company, too bad Amazon associates with them, I hope others wont have the same experience.
B001U89OGM Timberland boot These boots are beautiful, I ordered them to have a practical pair of boots for the winter.  They are so much more than just practical, they are comfortable and because they are leather they just look very rich.
B001UE701C Timberland Field Boot I bought these boots for my nephew, he loved them and wore them daily. They stain easily but wont scuff like leather boots.
B001UE70UI Great boots This is a very nice boots. Unfortunately, my daughter had outgrown it too fast. I should have bought a larger size :(
B001VNCKJ4 Beautiful Beautiful boots, leather is quality and color is as pictured. Others have written that the boots are sized big, but I experienced quite the opposite- the boots were very tight and took some time to reach their full comfort. I would buy at your size, or a half size bigger if you plan on using insoles.After some time, boots are most comfortable/stylish I've owned.
B001VNCKJ4 Cute Boots Purchased these as new work boots.They're a little larger than I expected, mostly a little long.The cap toe is good looking but puts pressure on my foot.The sole looks very sturdy but is very slippery.  I'm hoping to scratch the soles up enough to be able to walk near water.Boots feel ok to walk in as long as I'm on dry ground.
B001VNCKJ4 Uncomfortable, but great construction First and foremost, order a half size smaller as these boots run large! The construction of the boots is top notch especially at this price. Stitched real leather mid sole with stitched and glued rubber outsole/heel for traction. The rubber compound appears stiff enough to give decent life. As for comfort, I was so disatisfied with these boots I returned them. I found there to be a premolded rock hard lump (quarter sized) in the midsole that I believe was intended as arch support but is actually located under the forward edge of the heel. After an hour of wear the pain sets in. I really wanted to love these boots but even after walking about 2 miles in them indoors to break them in it would just not go away. Perhaps i got a defective pair but i doubt it. I am upset because i loved the look and construction of these boots.
B001VNCKJ4 Great fit, color and comfort Best boots I bought since Fryes boots a long time ago. I think this actually fits a lot better. I wear size 10 and at first, it was little tight, but after a week or so, it's fitted like a glove. I have bad ankles, but the support on the boots on the ankle is awesome. It's also very comfortable. Feet don't hurt after I get home. Leather is very nice.Size is perfect, at least for me (M width).The only thing would be to trying to figure out how to change the rubber sole, since it's stitched in there... Overall, very good.
B001VNCKJ4 Great Looking and Very Comfortable I saw a guy wearing these boots with a suit - then asked him where he got them - then found them on here for much less than retail.These boots are from Timberland's Earthkeepers Collection, which means that they are made with recycled materials.  The boots have a soft feel to them, yet with a sharp design and an extremely sturdy heel.  With most boots, they go through an uncomfortable "breaking in" period.  Not these.  When I first put them on, they immediately felt as comfortable as any sneaker I've ever worn - I wore them to work, ran through a couple of airports with them, and wore them into the night.  Not one moment of discomfort at all.Aesthetically, the boots have a sharp shape to them - the zipper on the side means you never have to unlace the boots to take them off or put them on.  Again, the heel is sturdy - it looks like something you'd find on a hiking boot.  I've worn these with a suit and with jeans - they looked great either way.  They shine easily and take to polish really well.I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for a well-designed, beautiful versatile boot.  I bought another pair for when these wear out (it will be a long time) and went on to purchase other Timberland Earthkeepers shoes/boots.  They are VERY VERY comfortable - and I get a lot of compliments on them.
B0024MVAI8 boots review I have had timberline boots over the years and was quite happy  with them.  This time however, the eyelets came out of them.  Don't tell me that these are being made in China.  I am so tired of the products not holding up.
B0024MVAI8 Very Dependable These boots are lightweight and very comfortable. They are so much better than other boots I've owned in the past.
B0024MVAI8 the argument against buying on line I was very disappointed in the boots. (Although I was very satisfied with Alltrec and their customer service.) I had owned another pair of Pro Titans I purchased last year. I was very impressed by the comfort sturdiness and fit. I thought that buying this model was just buying another color. The boots are a half size larger and they do not have the speed lacing. Another problem is that these boots are advertised as waterproof. They are not in any way shape or form. All in all a cheaper version of the Titan that retails for about the same price. Next time I will go to a shoe store and try them on.
B0024MVAI8 Worth the Money Great boots and are just as described on the site.  Would recommend purchasing. Sturdy and durable good for any type of weather.
B00295RHNM Great boots for tree planting I really do love these boots. I finally decided on these for this season of tree planting & so far they have fared me well. The waterproofing is better than I could have expected - I've walked theough shallow ravines (up to the ankles) and I didn't even notice. After 10 hour days my feet really hurt but I don't think any boots could fix that so I don't knock them for that. The only thing I'm worried about is that they scuff really easily, and while I don't mind the look of it, I hope it doesn't affect the waterproofing. I say they run somewhat small because I usually wear a 7 to 7.5 but I bought an 8 and they got like a glove. Definitely go up a size & to save room for socks! The steel toe is perfect and the fibreglass shank really makes a difference when kicking a shovel into the ground 1000 times a day. Great boots for working hard! Love them!
B00295RHNM Excellent work boots Totally satisfied with this purchase. I use these boots out in the field, under rough conditions (wet, swampy, rocky terrain) and they are definitely comfortable. My feet feel very protected. Will buy my next boots from Timberland PRO women.
B00295RHNM Love These Boots! Bought Timberland PRO boots because I needed a good, comfortable boot to keep my feet warm and dry while working outside. I have worn them everyday, all day, since receiving them 2 days ago. I love them!Boots were a little snug with regular socks when I tried them on the first time but with wear they have loosened up nicely. I have a wide foot and ordered a 9W. Perfect fit!  Boots are not overly heavy and are comfortable. Well made with a great sole.I would recommend these boots to others for sure!
B00295RHV4 Timberland boots are awesome Very comfortable boots. Love Timberland boots, they don't have that break in time, like lots of other boots do. I wear for 13 hours at a time and no problems. Would highly recommend to anyone.
B00295RHV4 Great boots but a tad heavy I have had these boots for almost a year and I still love them. They are very comfortable but a tad bit heavy.
B00295RHV4 so far so good its hard to find wemons work boots . these are nicely made boots. will buy again . fit is close to true.. will get a half size bigger next time.. but other wise i love them.
B0029XG3OS the best boots these boots fit your feet the minute you put your fett in them .They are great will keep buying them
B0029XG3OS good boots for the $ I beat the hell out of my boots. I'm mainly a framer but also do many other phases of construction. I usually go through a pair in 6 months so if these hold up, i found my new boots. Comfortable and rugged thus far, bought them 2 weeks ago.
B0029XG3OS Very comfortable boots I bought these boots from another store and they were very comfortable and sturdy. I wore them out after 9 months and I was glad that I was able to buy another pair. I have flat feet and finding comfortable boots is difficult. I will keep these boots in mind the next time I need a pair of work boots.
B0029XG3OS Great boots!! Got these about a month ago first day I got them they felt great! No adjustment period (they felt good day 1) Most boots i have owned took some time to loosen up. I have owned probably 15 pairs of work boots and beat up boots!!! Hope these last will update. I will order these again when needed, think I found my new boots!UPDATE 1-3-13  So the boots themselves held up quite well the soles however did not! I really did put them through a lot of abuse. Not sure if I would buy them again, but most boots I have owned lasted about the same time. May just get them resoled? Been on third pair since theses I think they are a bit on the heavy side compared to latest pairs I have. Still a good boot and comfortable. Still water proof somehow but they where slippery on wet surfaces would have liked a little better traction.
B0029XG5YG Buy These Boots!!!! Everything you could ask for in a boot in a work boot that is. I was very surprised at the quality and workman ship on these boots and for the price I'm thinking about ordering me another pair just to have on hand but it would be a long time before I would need them. Yep 5 stars all the way on these boots.
B0029XG5YG Buyer Beware: I  bought these boots to use at work because our floors are often wet, and their abrasive surface tends to wear down other slip-resistant boots rather quickly. Although the boots kept my feet (and the portions of my leg that it covered) warm in exceptionally cold areas, and were lighter than expected, the boots ultimately failed in the one area where it mattered most - slip resistance.While walking across a wet floor (Mind you, the 6&#34; Endurance Pro that I had, and am still using, worked very well and had no issues with these same floors), I found myself skidding no less than six-inches foward across the workspace with both of my feet firmly on the floor. While I suspect my pair of boots were probably defective, I noticed that the end of the boot (the steel-toe area) did not connect to the ground except when I transitioned from the previous step. When looking for Slip-resistant shoes, the best ones are those whose entire sole-surface is in contact with the ground (like the aforementioned Endurance Pro boots that I am still wearing).Suffice to say, as soon as my shift ended, I packaged the boots up and shipped it back to Timberland for a full refund, which they promptly provided without fuss. All-in-all, great company, but these boots just didn't deliver - luckily, I had purchased these boots during the Black Friday Sale, so I didn't pay full price for them. :)
B002ASAJPG Too heavy Boots are too heavy compared to other boots. They are very comfortable and fit as expected.  Based on how heavy they are, I would not recommend them.
B002ASAJPG Very comfortable boots. I have been wearing these boots for years now. I can usually squeeze about a year out of each pair. I work construction and I'm pretty rough on my boots. These hold up well, but I've noticed that the tread wears out relatively quick. Also, as other people have mentioned, they are a bit on the heavy side. After wearing them a day you won't even notice the weight. I realized how heavy they were after wearing my running shoes for a week then going back to the boots. I actually appreciate the heaviness. If you get in a bind you can always take them off and use them as a weapon. In all seriousness though these are really great boots. I've had about 5 pairs in the past 5 years and they've all performed the same.
B002ASAJPG Quality boot, SUPER HEAVY I ordered these boots due to the positive reviews I saw around the internet. All of the reviews stated the quality of materials and craftsmanship, but also stated how heavy they were.  Right on all accounts.  I've owned a lot of boots before, but these are the most heavy boots I've ever had. It felt like there was a pair of lead weights on my feet the first 10 times I wore them, and I'm not a small person.  They are super comfortable, but dragging around over 3lbs extra per foot will make those who walk a lot rethink whether they want this pair as everyday boots. Their sheer weight can make unsteady going on uneven terrain, despite a good lug pattern. Otherwise, they go on and take off easily, the waterproofing has not failed, and thankfully I haven't had the opportunity to test the steel toe.
B002ASAJPG Great Boots To begin with these are heavy boots. I like them. These are daily wear for me. My going places boots. I have a different pair of Timberlands for work partly due to some of the things I walk through I would not want chance tracking into my home or yours. That said they are very comfortable,Good fitting,Waterproof (I tried them out),Very well made,And just the kind of boots made for stomping around in every day. The toe and heal protectors do the job and keep them looking presentable for going places like church.
B002ASAJPG A pair of the best boots I have every owned.. What amazes me most about these boots is how comfortable they are out of the box. I broke my heel earlier this year and although it has healed it still has it moments. I have had to get rid of some of my favorite shoes and boots because they are uncomfortable now. I went looking for some new winter / work boots. Ran across Timberland here on Amazon and saw the great reviews and I figured it was worth a try.  WOW. Not to heavy, not to light, perfect size (13 EE), good looking, SO COMFORTABLE. Even with orthotic inserts, these boots are just so comfortable. Great soles. Wear and walk in them all day and when I take them off at night, my feet are not sore and aching. I cannot ask for more. Well maybe a second pair. Great Job Timberland.
B002ASAJPG These boots fit and feel great!  Suprised how nice these boots felt from the moment I put them on. See above.  Would rcommend these boots to anyone who needs a durable, comfortable pair of boots that will last.  Thanks
B002ASAJPG Great boots ! Great boots.vey durable and extremely comfortable.. I went from hiking boots to these for work.  A little on the heavy side  at 1st but after a day or so I got used to it. Would definitely recommend
B002ASAJPG Comfortable, durable, warm but kinda heavy boot Boots are GREAT, very comfortable and no rub from the steel toe. I would like to give a 5 star rating even though these are some heavy boots. I'm pretty sure that after a few weeks of workingin them they will one with my feet. Also the rancher brown color gives it an almost scuff proof thing to these boots. On the side of my boots that constantly rubs against the sides of the ladders that I stand on, I have no signs of wear. Will most definitely purchase the hiking boot in this style.
B002ASAJPG Great pair of work boots In the past I would not wear anything but Red Wing boots,(like to stick wit American made) however i could no longer spend $200 + for a pair of boots that would not last 1 year. I tried my first pair of Timberland boots over a year a go and found them very comfortable and they lasted at least a year for half the money, I admit i am very hard on boots but these boots give me the best bang for the buck.
B002ASAJPG comfort with limits I'm  In elevator construction and these boots are very good.  They are the most comfortable boots I have owned.  I do put a lot more ware and tear Then expected.  I recommend them to most trades. The major down fall is the comfort did not last more than 4 or 5 month's.  And the insides are tearing and beginning to scratch in to my skin.  Again,  I over used these boots and would like to suggest them to other trade or elevator mech out side of construction.
B002ASAJPG Nice and sturdy All the specs are great, especially the nail proof feature, I wore them every day and I work at a factory where there are nails all over the ground and I Haven&#8217;t had any puncture on the boots since I wear this boots, I feel pretty confident and safe when wearing the boots.These boots are so comfortable that sometimes I forget about to change my shoes when I arrive home. When the product arrived it felt them a little bit small, but after a month wearing them I have get used to it, Next time I will by the same boots in a different color and half size larger.Definitely will buy another pair soon, I love them.
B002ASAJPG fit  of  new  boots tighter  than  expected  for  wide  boots  cut  off  circulation  in  toes  not  as  comfortable  as  use  to  for  timberland  pro boots
B002ASAKN2 Great boots These are great boots. love them to death.  I got to say though I bought them to wear on my motorcycle.  They are quite heavy. so if i had to walk around in them all day I would be less than pleased.  They are super tough though!!!
B002ASAKN2 Good Boots Great boots to wear at our outdoor refinery in the winter.  But they are too hot for warmer weather.  They do keep water out.
B002ASAKN2 Best Boots This is my second pair of boots for work and will be purchasing another set without the steel toe for my day to day knock around boots at home shortly.  I found these boots very sturdy and comfortable. I have even brought the with me on walking trips due to their comfort for long walks or just standing around.  I had been a Danner person for a very long time until I discoverd these boots.  Took a chance and loved them...  A little on the heavy side, however, the comfort these book give is well woth the extra weight.  Hey, just think of it as a little weight training while you walk.  :-) I hope they don't change them too much any time soon, I find them, "Just great boots...".
B002ASAKN2 Best boots I've evr bought!!! Had some issues with the shipping company but the boots themselves are amazing. Incredibly comfortable right out of the box and I have issues with my feet that normally require lengthy break in periods. I would buy them again in a heart beat!!
B002ASAKN2 Boots are amazing! I bought these boots for my husband and they are a life saver. The steel plate on the bottom prevents nails from piercing the bottom of his boots and mild electrocution. There are so many features such as the tongue that prevents water from getting into the boots even in a hefty puddle. This boots are amazing!
B002ASAKN2 The Mack Truck of Work Boots With over 30 years in commercial & industrial construction, and over 10 years in the entertainment industry, I've worn many brands and styles of work boots- from Danner, to Wolverine, to Redwing... none of them have been better than TImberland in my  experience. I just got the Pro Endurance boots, and as the review title claims, they are indeed super duty boots, the footwear equivalent of a Mack Truck. Or a Sherman Tank. They are not for the meek, these bad dogs are heavy. Forget tip-toeing thru the tulips in these... I mean these babies ain't "subtle". BUT- if you wanna stomp your way thru...  this is THE boot.  Ha ha.But seriously.Steel toes (crushing hazard), steel plate (nail/penetration hazard), water proof, shock and electrical hazard resistant, non skid,  cushion-y, shock absorbing soles, NASA developed Outlast technical fabric inside them to control foot and body temps, I assume to reduce sweaty feet... comfortable right out of the box...IS there anything these boots don't do?My last Timberlands lasted me... well, I STILL have them after 3-4 years, but the leather wore off the toes... The Endurance, I assume, will not have this issue since they have the rubberized toe-cap. There are days when I'm working  from 8:00 AM until 2-3 AM. So I more or less live in my boots. This boot will not only go the distance, it will take you the distance in comfort. AND keep you safe along the way. Oh BTW- they LOOK bad @** too. Show up like a PRO- with Timberland Pro.Update: March 14, 2014OK- after more than 2 months of hard use, I'm not 100% in love with these boots. Did a LOT of walking in them for days on end- 3+ weeks' worth in January, on asphalt, concrete, and Astro (artificial) turf. Feet wound up absolutely killing me. Not sure of it's the boots or a lifetime of long days finally catching up to me... BUT I never had any feet issues wearing any other boots. Gonna try some orthotic inserts . Still, tho- the boots are well made, and super heavy duty. Certainly cannot complain about the quality of the build. Hard plastic-y sole could definitely be softened up and made more cushion-y. This is definitely one thing which could vastly improve the overall feel of these boots- especially for those of us who spend  ridiculous lengths of time working on concrete or other hard surfaces.
B002ASAKN2 The real deal with these boots I have been in the skilled trades for 36 years and these boots are on the top of my list for best workboots. Not only do they feel great.  Everyone wants to know where to get some just for the way they look.  I have the black leather boots and they look sharp.  Thank you TIMBERLAND.  BOB from Detroit
B002ASAKN2 Great pair of boots Really comfortable, these are the same boots my job provides us with and I have never had an issue with them.
B002ASAMCG Not comfortable Boot was too rigid, sole did not flex at all.  Felt like I was wearing a brick.  Not at all like previous Timberland boots I have worn.  Returned boots
B002ASAMCG Great boots Worth every cent. I have trouble finding boots that are comfortable as well as rugged. These boots are great. A bit pricey, but there are two things you spend money on that are important. A good mattress and good boots, you spend most of your time on your feet and the rest in bed. I got lucky and found these boots cheaper on amazon by 50.00 and returned the pair I purchased a few minutes earlier back to the big Zappo. 50.00+ is alot of money to me.
B002ASAMCG Awesome Boots!! Best Boots ever! I work at a chemical plant.. & the boots does what they're supposed to do.. They last a year & a few weeks before I brought me another pare.. & I believe they probably would have last longer if they didn't get wet so much.. But again great Boots great fit I just got me a second pare I would recommend these boots to anyone..
B002ASANG6 Good boots I buy these boots every year.  They are comfortable boots, that don't wear.Cons- heavy. Can't work 16hrs in them my feet sweat. I will wear them for 7 hrs take a 2hr break from them and go back in them for another 7hrs.
B002CVUQZ4 boots bought these boots for my son in the winter because he love this boots and we buy them eveyyear and they were a great buy and reasonable price and shipped fast ..thanks again
B002KLI1AI Great boots! I love these boots!! I have had mine for almost a year now, I wear them several times a week for outdoor work and play. They are the most comfortable shoes I own and have held up perfectly. They still look nearly new even though they have been covered in mud and walked through puddles, ect.
B002KLI1AI Great Hiking Boots. I recently bought a pair of Timberland Women's Flume Mid Waterproof boots.  These boots were replacements for a pair of Timberland boots that were over 10 years old. My old Timberland boots were incredibly well made and held up well for many years.  This is why I decided to buy another pair.  Since purchasing these boots, I have had occasion to wear them hiking through the Pacific Northwest, which is persistently cold and rainy.  These boots were very comfortable, and kept my feet warm and dry through all conditions.  With the waterproof leather, these boots still look great even after hiking through water and mud.  I typically wear them all winter long, and they hold up well walking and hiking through snow and cold temperatures.  I definitely recommend these boots!
B002KLI1AI Excellent Boots At A Good Price I've used these boots for years.  I've yet to find another boot that's comfortable right out of the box.  I recently bought my wife a set and she's had the same positive experience.  I recommend these boots, without reservation.
B002N3IIP6 Great boot I bought these boots at a department store but they had to be shipped to me because they were out of my size. I got home and decided to look for them on Amazon. Not only did I find them, but they were $120 cheaper on Amazon. I ordered them the same day, and they arrived 3 days ahead of the ones from the department store. I was very pleased.The boots themselves are great. Very comfortable right out of the box. The leather is supple and the soles provide great traction even on slippery decks and wet, steep sidewalks. The insulation around the ankles is soft and comfortable and keeps your feet toasty. These boots are on the expensive side but I expect that they will last for years, so I'm okay with the investment. I was worried that they would be too bulky to drive with comfortably but I haven't had any problems.If you are looking for a rugged, good looking boot that you can wear daily, these are for you.
B002UD5Q22 Comfy boots for any environment I'm working in Iraq right now. I walk around on rocks all day. These boots are more comfortable than sneakers. I want to get them in black too.
B002YELKL8 great work boots I used these boots for about a year and I put them through the paces they are really water resistant as well
B002YOMJPY Great boots! My husband has bone-on-bone (no cartellidge) ankle from a motorcycle accident, these boots are fabulous, he is able to wear them all day at work without any pain.  In fact, the only time his ankle hurts is when he's NOT wearing these boots!
B002YOMJPY Little cushioning These boots have very little cushioning. I couldn't recommend them for hiking or standing all day. They fit well and the lace hooks are plenty deep enough to stay laced. They are not near as comfortable as the Timberland boots I had before, but apparently those are discontinued. I bought them for motorcycle riding, and I think they will be ok for that.
B002YOMJPY Great all around boots This is my second pair of boots . Fit true to the size and very comfortable. I would recommend if you walk all day  these boots.
B002YOMJPY Very Comfortable! I just moved up to Boston after living in the Arizona desert my whole life. I never wore boots off of a construction site. I usually find boots uncomfortable for most situations. These boots are super comfortable and handle Boston's rough urban terrain and cold weather better than I imagined. I actually fell asleep in them on after my first day wearing them out. You can also wear these boots both for work and with your more casual attire. I highly recommend these.
B002YOMJPY Great boots for the price I switched brands because Famous footwear stopped carrying the Magnum brand. these are very comfortable boots and lasted much longer. this is a good buy
B002YOMJPY Good comfy boots Personally i'd rather have eyelets at the top rather than hooks, but apart from that, im very happy with these boots.
B002YOMJPY Very Comfortable and Lightweight Just finished the first two weeks of wearing these boots everyday. I am extremely pleased as they look good and they are very comfortable and lightweight.  I ordered a half size larger so that I could wear thick socks with the boots and the fit is perfect.  The boots feel sort of like a high top sneaker; I've been tempted to try wearing them while working out.  I bought the black pair and I'm now considering purchasing a brown pair.
B002YOMJPY Love the feel when putting these boots on These boots are so comfortable, Haven't had a chance to wear them. But I did try them on when I received them.I do recommend these boots.
B002YOMJPY Great boots! Very comfortable, right out of the box. No breaking in needed. I have never worn boots that felt this good.
B002YOMJPY Purchased Boots to walk in parade. I give the boots 5 stars for comfort, style and all day wear. I would recommend these boots to others.
B002YOMJPY I never want to wear anything else. I have actually changed what I wear to the office so that I can wear these boots and not look 'weird.' I have to say that I put a pair of Powerstep Pro Tech Full Length men's orthotics in them from the get-go to make them extra super comfy. I live in Seattle, and it is often wet. It is so nice to walk around feeling like an all-terrain-vechicle while wearing these boots. I also love the way they look though. Can't recommend them highly enough.
B002YOMJPY Great Fit And Very Comfortable This boots run a little bigger than athletic shoes but that's expected, so you can wear a heavier sock. They are very comfortable and are not bulky like other boots can be.
B002YOMJPY White Ledge Boots I have been wearing these boots for 10 years. They are the most comfotble boots I have ever worn. Very durable. John
B002YOMJPY This boot only looks rugged. It didn't take long for me to realize that these boots are actually cheap shoes impersonating Timerline boots. Soles are thin and do not insulate your feet from feeling everything you step on. Leather uppers are also very thin. I own sneakers that are more supportive for my feet than these boots.
B002YOMJPY Only boot I wear These are actually men's boots but Timberland does not make a black hiking boot for women.  I went to a hunting store and tried on the boots in the men's department and knew what size I needed.  I have worn Timberland women's boots for over 12 years and never have any issues with them.  These boots are light and very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY What I Was Looking 4. I needed a pair of comfortable boots for working an outdoor job where I stand on my feet 90% of the time.  I am standing on pavement all day.  I  saw that these boots had some pretty decent reviews so I figured that I would give them a try.The fit was true to size.  The boots are decent looking and are pretty comfortable.  I have only been wearing them for a week.  Hopefully they hold up over time.Pretty happy for the value I got with these.
B002YOMJPY So Comfortable I love how these boots fit. I know that I am going to some good wear out of them. The price is amazing for the quality of the boots. I do recommend these, especially if you have feet problems.
B002YOMJPY Great boots for an even greater price! High quality boots for a great price!  Comfortable boots that are well made and will last a long time.  Bought for a man that most boots hurt his feet but these boots put a smile on his face.  He is already asking for another pair!
B002YOMJPY Perfect fit, quality boots The title says it all! Great boots and I got it for a better price than other retailers. Bought it as work boots but thinking twice... Looks too good just to get it dirty. Thanks!
B002YOMJPY Great looking boots I love these boots! They fit ok, but I would probably go up by a half size. Hopefully they will stretch a bit more over time.
B002YOMJPY If the boot fits, Wear it! I wasn't sure if the boots were even in the package it arrived in because the box felt very light! I have wide/flat feet and these boots are very comfortable. The traction I get when I wear these are great!I thought these boots would be crappy due to the price but thankfully I was wrong.
B002YOMJPY boots These Timberland boots are comfortable and fit as expected.  I wear them all the time during the winter months. Thanks.
B002YOMJPY comfortable boots great boots impressed fitted well good quality nice and comfortable to wear fitted like a glove would recommend to any one looking for dressy boots
B002YOMJPY Leather too soft? These boots are very comfortable.  Wearing them all day will fatigue your feet no more than a pair of high quality kicks.  The only problem that I find with them is how soft the leather is that they're constructed of - they easily gouge and scratch.  The laces even wear out the tongues.  However, were the leather any less soft, the boots would likely be less comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Excellent all around boot for huking and working I've had these boots about 6 months now. Last time I bought hiking boots was 40 years ago and they were really expensive.  For $65 I wasn't expecting much in these boots but I have been nicely surprised. First off, the break in period was small. After wearing a few times they just sort of fit nicely.They have cushioning(which may wear out over time), and great stiffeners on the side and back. I can pre-tie the laces and slip into the boots when I just want to go outside and kick around. That's really convenient.These are not intended to be work boots but will work well for hiking this summer.I intend to give them a good workout by digging a lot of holes in the ground with them and see how they hold up.Considering that I paid about the same for my last boots but in 1970 dollars, I think I got a real good deal with these.
B002YOMJPY timberland mid boots Fit is good just snug where my foot bends just needs to be broken in otherwise I like the boots
B002YOMJPY Comfort He loves the fit and comfort of those boots. Wears them daily.They arrived on a timely matter. Great boots
B002YOMJPY Comfort and quality Timberland boots have always been my favorite boots and my boots of preference due to comfort, sizing, and boot/shoe life or quality.
B002YOMJPY timberland boots I had timberland boots for many years...always happy with fit and comfort..would highly recommend....have nothing deogatory to add  to my comments
B002YOMJPY Very comfortable These boots fit perfectly and very comfortable I'm on my feet alot when I'm at work so these boots were a great choice......
B002YOMJPY wonderful book Really love these boots. Don't have to break them in. These boots really hold up in any environment. Would buy again.
B002YOMJPY I Researched Boots all month My feet are sore all the times so I bought these boots in wide size. Then I put a gel support inside. That worked great. I wore them all day at work and forgot to take them off when I got home. These boots are great.
B002YOMJPY Great for Motorcycle Boots The  boots are terrific.  They fit perfectly and exactly what I purchased.  I am breaking them in with no problem.
B002YOMJPY Solid Boots. I wear a 14 and these boots fit great. Have already received compliments on how nice they look! Or at least I thought she was referring to the boots! Arrived on time and came in two boxes. I would recommend to a friend.
B002YOMJPY Still waiting on boots The boots were too small in width. I did not understand the European measurement . Looking forward to reciving the boots.
B002YOMJPY Good boots I did not get to test the waterproof-ness of these boots.  But I will later this year as I plan to use these boots for the Winter season.
B002YOMJPY Best boots ever! First time you wear it to work it isn't very comfortable (usually the case with any boots). But once it loosens up it feels amazing!! I wear these boots 40-93 hours a week and my feet are perfectly fine. Already got my uncle a pair and he also loves it. Highly recommend this to anyone looking for quality work boots.
B002ZCKJBQ Great boots We need this boots for a travel. After looked for it without luck in many footwear stores time run out. So we decide bought it from Amazon, first time ever for shoes. Great experience. Boots arrive on time, fit perfectly and looks just like the pictures on the site.
B0031EJVU2 Love them!!! These boots are so comfortable....I walk around in them for at least 12 hours a day. I work in a maintenance yard that has nothing but gravel rocks everywhere so I needed a sturdy pair of boots. I got these boots in exactly seven days which is really fast being that I am in Afghanistan. Great shipping ...great product ..and I will be ordering more boots.
B0031EJVU2 Timberlands field boots are the best That's my size and they fit comfortably. I expected to fit my feet especially cause they're my favorite boots. Thanks!
B0031ENE6O Great boots! These boots are great. They are excellent in the elements, while stylish enough for a stroll through the city. They seem slightly more narrow than an average boot, so those requiring a wide bedding may want to reconsider. I've done a number of 10+ mile hikes in these boots and haven't had any issues. They're very comfortable and breathable. One of the downsides of the breathability is that they need to be paired with a quality sock in the snowy winter season. Other than that, these boots are great!
B0034G54BM Looks great I love these boots. I liked the brown ones so much I bought black too. The brown boots looks better, but both are comfortable, go well with pants or jeans and get compliments often.
B0034G54BM Great Boots The boots fit and are very comfortable as it is hard to find larger size shoes and boots that I like and fit correctly
B0034G54BM not even close to the quality of the original Timberland boots!!! I've purchased before a few pairs of Timberlands, never from Amazon. I was 100% confident about Timberland quality. What I can say? I wish I would have them returned before wearing them. The size is ok, but every time I wear them I get blisters. It's something completely wrong with the cut of these boots, doesn't fit right, doesn't stay right on the calf. Are unevenly made. The inside material on the back is too short, rubbing my socks and my foot. Honestly, I cannot believe these boots are Timberland indeed. Or it may be Timberland that didn't pass the quality tests and instead throwing them at garbage are sold on Amazon at the amazing price of only $130 instead the regular price of $300.I really hope you will think 10 times before buying these boots.Note: I gave them one star for the accurate size.
B0034G54BM Pretty nice I purchased these boots in the wheat and taupe color. I was very impressed until i further inspected the boots and realized the butter soft leather had been scratched on the wheat pair. Amazon was great in getting out a replacement the next day. I didnt even have to return mine first! I love the boots. I have them in size 11 and they fit great. The shaft in a little narrow but i can manage. A great boot! Oh and did I mention I got the boots for a discount at checkout? what a pleasent surprise : )
B0034G54BM Love these I balked at the price a little because, let's face it, I'm cheap.  Never having had Timberland boots before, I didn't really know what to expect.These boots are stylish, comfortable, and look absolutely great.
B0034G54BM Great pare of boots I bought the boots as a gift for my granddaughter. The boots are  classic riding boots, the leather is supple. The combination of sued an leather adds textural interest. Two buckles are jut the right number, not too little and not too much. An elastic insert at the top allows the wearer to insert pants into the boots with ease.Although I bought the boots in September which was very hot where we live, my granddaughter wore them from the moment she received them.When this pare wares off I will probably buy for her another pare.
B0034G54BM I ordered new boots not used I ordered a brand new pair of these boots for my mom. When I got them in the mail today I was like awesome! I inspected the boots and it had stains. It was also dirty. The box itself was ruined. The little piece of metal was completed dirty ans scratched up. I'm very upset and am considering to return these boots. They look nice but really? 100+ for used boots? no thank you.
B0034G54BM Fantastic Boots! I am a girl who LOVES her knee high black boots!  Since my last pair fell apart, I've been searching for years to find just the right pair to replace them.  When I came across these, I instantly fell in love and knew they were the ones.  Amazon does a great job with the pictures, but when you actually see and hold them, they are truly beautiful boots with high quality construction.  I expected them to have a flat insole as with most boots, however, I was very surprised by the by the arch support and all around comfort of the insole.  A definite plus.  I also took the advice of many other reviewers and ordered them in my true size but a wide width.  They fit perfectly with my thick winter socks.  These boots are great to dress up or dress down with a pair of jeans.  The leather/suede combo adds a very nice stylish touch. The Bethel boots are worth every penny, and I couldn't be happier.  Next time I go on the search for the perfect black boot, I will certainly start with Timberland boots!
B0034G54BM Love my boots! I bought these boots after reading reviews.  I couldn't wait to get them an when they arrived I wore them even in the 90+ degrees to break them in.  I wear them when riding our motorcycle and get complements every time I wear them. They are sturdy and fashionable and well worth the money.
B0034G54BM Timberland Earthkeepers Knee high boots I have purchased approximately 6 pairs of boots within this past year.  These are one of two pairs that I reallyam happy with.  I love getting real leather, style and comfort, all in one boot.
B0034G54BM Love these boots! Timberland comes through, big time! I ordered these boots, in black, after reading a lot of boot reviews. I have had Timberland boots in the past, and the quality has always been great, so I felt comfortable ordering them, without trying them on. I ordered a size 10, and I'm a 9 1/2. They fit great with thicker, fuzzy socks, which is exactly what I hoped for! I am debating ordering the brown pair...If you are looking for a rugged, yet chic, slightly sexy boot, then these are for you.
B0034G54BM Timberland Boots This is my second pair of the same boots in a different color I ordered. I really love my boots.
B0034G54BM Classy but practical! I'm just shy of 5' 7", and these knee high boots come a little below my knee still.  Wish they were a little taller, but that's ok! The nubuck and leather are very nice.  It was hard for me to get over the imperfections in the material, though.  There were a few light marks on the leather toe and heel, and a few marks on the nubuck (a nickel size mark by the zipper, but it is on the zipper side, so no one can see it.).  Though marks are going to happen from wear, I just like to purchase something in pristine condition and be the one to mark 'em up!I first bought these in black and in a regular size 9.  I returned them (because the zipper didn't work right), and bought another pair.  This time I got the 9 wide, in black as well.  Good thing the first boots I bought, the zipper didn't work, because I'm glad I ended up having to get the 9 wide.  The wide width makes it a bit more comfy, for sure!I've bought many boots, and tried many boots, from Nordstrom, Belk, etc, and these are probably one of the best pairs of boots I've tried or bought!  They are classy, but you could also dress real casual with them.  I am looking forward to getting these boots in a few other colors!  The heel (and entire sole in general) makes walking real comfy.Take it from a shoe lover, these are some of the comfiest, nicest looking boots for not a bad price!
B0034G54BM Comfy riding boots with style I LOVE these boots. I have been searching for a good pair of cute boots for over a year now. I usually wear something with a heel but oftentimes my feet hurt and I really wanted to find something that was stylish AND comfortable. It took me some time to fall in love with these boots and at first I was going to return them. But I decided to keep them and today was my first day wearing them. I feel like I could wear them all day without complaints. The sole is cushy and thick so it provides good support and also has great tread to minimize slipping on the ice. The boots are great and the leather is a plus. (However, if these boots are sold through Altrec look elsewhere.)
B0034G54BM These boots are heaven First off, I never write reviews.  Hopefully this says something about how happy I am with my new boots.  If you are debating whether or not to get these boots, just do it.  I originally went to the store to get the Rudston boots, but ending up getting these in the pecan color instead.  I'm very petite (under 5ft & under 100 lbs) and its so hard for me to find nice boots that don't overwhelm my body.  These boots fit perfectly, and I love the adjustable calf strap.  Not only are they stylish, they are also great for cold weather/snow/ice.  Buy these boots!
B0034G54BM Really Nice I really like these boots.  They're very comfortable and pretty stylish.  I've been on a hunt for brown boots. Initially I was apprehensive about buying Timberlands because I'm not a very rugged outdoorsy person, but they don't seem overly so.  I normally wear a 7.5 - 8 in boots and got the 8.  They fit perfectly.  The rubber sole is a must for icy streets this time of year, and don't look like winter boots.  Great boots!
B0034G54BM Linda, Brooklyn NY Absolutely loved the Boots - and the Price was quite reasonable for the Timberland Brand.  In fact the boots were so nice I ordered them twice.
B0034G54BM Fantastic boots!! I've been looking for a pair of boots like these for a long time.  Checked many stores and either didn't like the quality or the price.  Found these online and decided to give them a try based on free shipping for returns and the numerous positive reviews.  These boots do not disappoint.  I wear a 6.5 and order my size and they fit perfectly.  Not to mention they are extremely comfortable and hug my calf perfectly.  They look great with jeans or skirts.  I am so happy I decided to try these out.  Great boots for the price!  I agree 100% with the other reviewers and suggest getting these boots if you are on the fence.
B0034G54BM Cool boots These boots are have an expensive look and are comfortable.  They are a cross between dressy and casual.  Very nice boots!
B0034G54BM Beautiful Boot Great quality for the price.  I am so IN LOVE with these boots.  The lug sole is a complete plus.  These boots are stylish yet comfortable. If I could give them another start I would.
B0034G54BM Comfortable I can honestly say this is the first pair of boots that I did not have to break in.  I've purchased Timberlands brand previously and, because of the high quality and comfort level, this is one of the reasons for my purchase of these boots.  What more could you ask for - comfort and style!!  Highly recommended!
B0034G54BM Cool Boots These look great with leggings and dresses and are very comfortable too. They're sturdy and I love the buckle detail as well as the dual fabrics-suede and leather, which sets it apart from other tall black boots. Highly recommend.
B0034G54BM Not worth the money Was expecting decent quality boots, but really dissapointed. Timberland is known for quality footwear but these boots are a total "miss". The suede part on the boot is paper thin and inside lining is also made cheaply. For this money you can find better boots period!!
B0034G54BM Very cute and comfortable. I really like these boots. They are very comfortable. No breaking in time with these boots. I would highly recommend these boots.
B0034G54BM Love these boots!!!!! These boots are so comfy and wear them to work. Comfort is key here as I stand and walk a lot in my job. These boots are very supportive.
B0034G54BM Boots with style and comfort These are wonderful all-around boots. I wear them all the time with skirts and jeans. They are extremely comfortable for standing and walking. The soles are quiet and grip surfaces well....no slipping.  True to size.
B0034G54BM Boots The boots fit great, I get so many compliments on them. I was so happy that they came in wide due to my high instep I have a hard time with boots fitting. these boots are real leather which is hard to find these days, a great value and fit. I would highly reccomend to a friend, I have, and to my sisters too.
B0034G54BM Nice Boots! Love the boots and the shipping was quick with no problems. Just one issue: I am normally a size 8 regular and these boots are a little narrow - not a big deal as they will stretch and they are still quite comfy.
B0034G54BM Great Boots Love the boots and they are very comfortable. I researched these boots online and Amazon had the best price. The only thing that keep these at 4 stars; they are a little snug in calf area but just a tiny bit. Would totally buy them in another color.
B0034G558E Great boots They fit really well.  Nicely made.  I can walk all day in these boots and my feet do not get sore.
B0034G558E perfect pair of boots! These boots are even better than what i expected. The leather is great, laces are there to adjust to whatever size, the buckel is stylish, and the zipper makes it easy for when youre in a hurry. I can't wait to start wearing these when winter comes!
B0034G558E Timberland Boots Ilove these boots. they fit perfectly. I received so many compliments on them. They are very stylish. Many of my friends are purchasing a pair.
B0034G558E Good boots Pro:- very comfortable- side zipper, no need to lace it upCon:- worn out fast- little short for meOverall, nice leather boots that's comfortable and stylish.
B0034G558E Great boots, leather is soft and fits my calf nicely!! I returned the Nine West boots since they were slippery and cheap looking. These boots are made of good leather, rubber sole and very very comfortable. I wore them out to the club and then 4 wheeling later&#8230; so they can go anywhere!!!
B0034G558E LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!! These are sexy boots!  I bought them for riding but find myself wearing them all the time!  They are sexy yet rugged.  They are feminine, yet tough.  They fit perfectly!
B0034G558E 5 stars! These boots are amazing! They are my favorite boots I have ever had and they are so comfortable, even when you first get them. They don't take long to get broken in either. Also, the zipper makes them really fast to put on. I highly reccommend these boots!!
B0034G558E Boots I love these boots that actually looked better in person, which doesn't happen to often. They fit nicely - really great - usually I have a problem with boots fitting over my calves, the side zipper and laces proved to be a plus in solving that issue!
B0034G558E Hot Stuff! First off, let me say Thank YOU Amazon, for a great price on a super-cool pair of rockin' boots.  I LOVE these boots fresh out of the box!  They are on my feet as I type this.  But let me tell you, in case this happens to you.... When I first attempted to wear the boots, I had a very hard time with the fit.  Yes, I had removed all the brand new packaging, shaft support and tissue stuffing in the toe box....so the boots were so inordinately tight that I sadly moved towards the box to return them as they were completely uncomfortable.  I stuck my hand in the toe box to feel around and felt that the boots were maybe defective since the lining of the toe box felt "cardboardy".  Well, to my delight and surprise, there was indeed a VERY tight fitting cardboard liner in the toe box of each boot which I promptly removed and VOILA!  They fit me perfectly!!!!  So glad I investigated and kudos to Timberland for such fine packaging but so fine it could be deceptive since the liner fits the shoe so tightly.  Anyway, HAPPY NOW and grateful for the great price, fast delivery and HOT boots!!!!
B0034G558E It's a great boots I have ordered similar one before and it wasn't that comfortable like Timberland boots.  I am so please with the quality they carry and I didn't even need to break in to it.  Thanks.
B0034G558E My favorite boots! I absolutely love these boots. They are not knee high, rather come about mid-calf. They are so comfortable and well constructed. I receive compliments on them every time I wear them. I highly recommend these boots!
B0034G558E Great boots Timberland has changed my life! I work in retail; I am on my feet and often running up to ten hours per day. These boots are chic, comfortable and durable. I have received many compliments on how cute they are. (I cannot believe they are 'weather' boots!) They are well worth the investment.
B0034G558E Great looking boots! I Bought these boots for my wife. She said they were stylish, comfortable, and she loved them.  She has gotten complements every where she's been.  Says they go with  every thing she wears.  Said she was looking for a boot that wasn't masculine, and these were perfect.
B0034G558E Great Boots! Love the boots and are worth the money.  Very sturdy boot and very stylish.  The boots fit perfect and are unique.
B0034G558E Best Boots These are so comfortable.  These boots are just what I was looking for.  The leather is soft, but sturdy and the look is amazing.
B0034G558E Great looking boots! I love these boots! I tried them on at the local mall, so I knew to order up a 1/2 size. They were fairly comfortable right out of the box which almost never happens for me.
B0034G558E FABULOUS!!! I LOVE THESE BOOTS!! They're beautiful, sleek and feminine while still being combat-style, comfortable right out of the box (I've spent the entire day in new shoes chasing my 3yr old around and my feet feel great- that's worth 5 stars right there! But really I'm rating the coolness factor, cuz these boots are HOT! I don't even want to take them off, I'm considering sleeping in them!). Yes, they are a bit on the narrow side, which is apparent by the pictures. Glad I didn't choose a larger size tho; I do have small feet- I'm on the small side of 7, often 6 1/2, but these 7's are perfect. The only thing I regret is getting these in winter- I can't wait to wear these sexy boots with skirts and dresses! I want to show them off! I do worry about the longevity of the softer side material (tho that does make them more comfortable- less stiff leather to wear in!). I can be hard on my boots so I'm hoping the fact that these are Timberland's means they're made to last. Only time will tell! If I think of it, I'll update my review periodically so future potential boot-lovers have more info. In the meantime- I'm SOLD on these boots! Glad they were half off (couldn't have afforded them otherwise), but so far they're worth every penny! Thanks also to Amazon for the crazy-fast shipping!  :-)UPDATE:It has now been over a year, and these are still my favorite boots!! I get comments on them all the time (people are usually surprised to hear that I purchased them on Amazon). They are actually the most comfortable shoes I own -the only reason I dont wear them every day is because I want them to last as long as possible! They have proven to be surprisingly durable despite regular wear in both extreme heat and severe rainstorms. They're still just as beautiful as the day I got them! No noticeable scuffs or dirt or anything. When they get muddy I wipe it off and its gone. I recently purchased some of that water & stain repellant boot-spray, which I used generously on several occasions, but its hard to say whether the spray does anything because they always look awesome!! I'm glad I found these on sale, but if anything ever happened to them I would not hesitate to pay full price to replace them!(Long story short: I love love loooooove these boots!!!)  :-D
B0034G558E my boots I love my boots my boyfriend told me i have good taste he liked them to wish i would have go to pair alike
B0034G558E You won't be disappointed Love these boots - super stylish, very comfortable . Really stand out in a sea of knee high boots! The two tone brown is eye catching
B0034G558E Cute but not durable I saw these boots on the Timberland Website and was so excited that Amazon carried them. But alas it was too good to be true, I wore these boots for only a handful of times before the grommets started to come off. I was frustrated but the boots were serving their purpose well enough without the grommets. Fast forward 2 weeks, the seam of the zipper of the right boot started to started to fail so that a hole was in my beloved boots. Now the zipper won't even zip up so the boots are now useless. On the bright side they make a great $150 door stop.
B0034G558E Horrible boot I have never had a boot this expensive made of materials as cheap as these. The materials are equivalent to those of $12 boots. Now if I wanted $12 boots I know where to look, but I wanted sturdier, good looking boots for the winter, and these were just not it. They also look cheaper than in the photo on Amazon. Greatly disappointing purchase.
B0034G558E Adorable Boots These boots are beautiful, great quality and are super comfortable.  I wore them right away and they fit perfectly. Timberland's are amazing.
B0034G5IJA My ALL-TIME Favorite Boots! I freakin love these boots. I have what I like to call "Popeye" calves. They're huge! I love that these boots have a customized fit. People have stopped me and told me they love my boots. They're super, super warm. I wouldn't wear them without socks though. I've tried it and my feet got so sweaty! The next day when I went to wear them again, they were still damp inside (gross!). I have wide feet so at first they were a bit tight on my feet, but after wearing them a few more times, I can wear them with some medium thickness socks now. I've walked around with them in the rain (no snow in NY yet) and so far, my feet stayed nice, toasty and dry. No complaints, love these boots!P.S. They don't show you in the picture, but the right boot has a pocket. ;)September 24th 2012:The boots survived their first winter. Although I still LOVE these boots and can't wait until I can wear them again, I have had to get the zipper fixed. As I said above, I have big calves, so when I first got the boots, I loosened the laces all the way, put my feet in, then zipped up the boots, and lastly tighten the laces . In my haste on a number of occasions though, I have just kept the laces tied and then zippered up the boots. BAD IDEA. that's what broke the zipper.WORD OF ADVICE FOR THESE BOOTS: Only use the zipper to take off the boots. To put them on, loosen laces, keep zipper down, put foot in, zip up, THEN tighten with laces. (The cobbler who fixed the boots told me that this is the right way to put on the boots)
B0034G5IJA I live in these boots I wear these boots to movies, museums, and on long winter walks. They are waterproof and very, very warm, even in a Vermont cold spell. Every inside surface is lined with fleece, including the long leather tongue. And the outsoles get a good grip on snow and ice. I've never slipped yet and feel very stable in these boots..These boots appear to be fashionable lace-ups. And they are. The laces really do criss-cross from foot to knee over a long leather tongue. But no need to go through any lacing to get them on or off. A long zipper on the side gives you instant access and egress.And the laces are good for something besides style. You can precisely adjust the width of these boots by how tightly or loosely you lace them. Plump caves and slender caves alike can find happiness in these boots.I have slim calves, but I keep my boots big for tucking in jeans and pants. I went out and bought skinny jeans just to wear with these boots, and that's a great look. But I can also squeeze my comfy flair-bottomed pants inside.I purchased my boots in a store, but I think you could buy them online with confidence because I found the sizing reliable. I asked for my usual size, and they fit perfectly.
B0034G5JTE VERY cool boots! These boots are fantastic!  The quality of the leather is typical for Timberland; in other words, TOP quality.  I ordered the boots in an 8.5 even though I wear an 8, because I am nervous about ordering boots in my actual size as they almost always hurt my feet.  When I slipped on my new boots, they fit beautifully, and I wore them all day with no "new shoes blues" whatsoever!  Right now, I am trying to justify buying another pair in black, even though I don't need them.  But I can't resist!  I feel I will wear these boots for many years, as they are classically beautiful, yet fashion-forward.
B0034G5KAC Exactly What I Wanted These boots came on time and were exactly as pictured. They are fine quality leather and have a great sole for walking in bad weather. I would recommend these boots.
B0034G5KAC Not what I expected... I should have listened to the reviews before I purchased these boots, but they were on sale for around $100 and I decided to take a chance.  The boots fit a little bit smaller than I thought they would, the toe was really rounded (which I didn't like), the shafts were too saggy, and the suede on the boot was of low quality.  I was looking for boots with a stiffer shaft that would stand up, but these were really saggy and overly wide.  The suede wasn't one uniform color- it was lighter around the seams, it looked patchy, and the suede wasn't soft and smooth but rather stubby.  If you're looking for a pair of boots with slouchy shafts you might like these.  But keep moving if you're looking for a sturdy pair.  I received these boots on a Friday afternoon and immediately returned them to the UPS store to return to Amazon the next day.  I ultimately decided to spend more on a better quality pair- Timberland Savin boots- and love them.  While I was displeased with this pair, I generally like the quality of Timberland boots (I've had 3 pair) and always return.
B0034G5KAC Great Boots I really like these boots.  They have a classic look and fit very well.  I bought them in black as well!!
B0034G5KAC GREAT Boots These boots are a gorgeous rich dark brown. Just enough flare to be stylish but not over the top. They are one of the most comfortable pair of boots I've ever owned. They fit true to size and hug the calf nicely. Very well made and I highly recommend them!
B0034G5KAC Beautiful, comfortable boots. These boots are absolutely beautiful! I followed others' advice and ordered a half size bigger, and they fit perfectly. Still a little snug with chunky socks, which is necessary in the northwest because they have no insulation up the leg. Other than these boots being a little thin to wear in very cold winter temperatures, they are sexy and comfortable, no breaking in required!
B0034G5KAC My girlfriend loved the boots She was not expecting me to get her the boots and when I gave them to her for Christmas, she could not stop hugging me.
B0034G5KAC Perfect Boots~ I've tried on several riding boots within the same price range as therese, and these are, by far, the most comfortable boots I've tried on. I can't wait to wear them! I'm getting outfits together as we speak. I am particularly fond of them because although they have a rugged look to them, they can easily be dressed up as well, so they are multifunctional. I'm beyond pleased with this purchase.
B0034G5KAC Great all around boots Pros:  Light leather boots with sturdy solid Timberland sole.  Many compliments on the lookalready.Cons:  The zippers on the inner calf are sharp and I have torn my tights on them the firsttwo times I've worn the boots with tights.  Timberland!  Any suggestions???
B0034XRZUS comfy this is the 2nd pair of Timberland boots/shoes I own, my boots are the the Mudslinger steel toe work boots. Just like the boots, these shoes are very comfortable, right out of the box, and as I have done in the past, worn them all day, the first day, without any problems. What else is there to say the sizing and width are true. They are comfortable and lightweight. I have the brown oiled shoes, and they can be worn with anything.
B0035LD1N4 I love this boots!!!!!!!! This is the ONY boots that I dont mind wearing!! I'm a city boy and boots is not really a fashion statement from where I'm from but this one is really nice!! If it's covered with jeans it doesn't even look like ur wearing boots. And my girlfriend loves it so much I'm looking for a size 7 that could fit her. It looks great on everyone. It's wry comfortable and looks good on almost everything.
B0035LD2II Timberland shines again! I purchased these boots about 3 weeks ago.  I was looking for slip-on boots that would look good with jeans, but also look good with work slacks in a business casual office environment.  I went with these boots because I liked the look (plus they had size 14 available), and have had great experiences with Timberland in the past.  I received these boots promptly (Amazon Prime is incredible as usual), and in excellent shape.  These boots did not disappoint.  I found that they needed little to no break-in time, and were very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.  I felt the sizing to be true, and they fit me just like my other Timberlands have.  If you are easy on your shoes and don't scuff them up too much, you can get away with wearing these with dress khakis without a problem.  If you like the worn look, these look great with a pair of jeans too.
B0038JCZ9Y comfortable stylish boots These boots are comfortable and stylish with a low heel that I like because I am tall. I've had a lot of compliments on these boots.
B0038JCZ9Y Ecellent quality, comfortalbe boots This pair of boots are very comfortable to wear. And its quality is super. Very stylish. I got a lot of commpliments from my friends.
B0039NCRP6 I love these boots! I love these boots. I came across them by accident on Amazon's website. They are quite comfortable and stylish at the same time. I disagree with one reviewer who said that the boots were narrow along the in-step. These boots can be dressed up or down. I have nothing like them in my closet, so it was nice to add this particular style to my wardrobe.
B003A56JIO nice boots it very comfortable,great color. most i like rubber sole,its a perfect boots in the wold.i higly recommend this boots,thanks i love it
B003A64AY8 bad service, good boots Ordered on Dec 2nd, shipped the 8th, received the 15th... If you want your products fast DO NOT order from Bare Bones Work Wear! the 1 star rating is for the service, not the boots. Boots get 3.5 stars. The boots are very thin for "fast wear in time" but the leather is too thin. I wore them for 6 hours today, comfortable, but the toes are already showing wear from kneeling on a concrete floor. The fit is perfect, the composite toe has sufficient padding on the inside so your toes don't touch them. The ankles are very stiff so you don't roll your foot over. Overall, for 130+ dollars they are "alright" boots, but dont expect them to last for years to come.
B003A67X5G the perfect boots I WANT IT TO TRY THIS BOOTS AND I'M HAPPY THAT I DID, THEY ARE VERY CONFORTABLE AND VERY STYLISH, I WOULD RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR ANYBODY WITH FEET PROBLEMS JUST LIKE ME. I'M VERY SATISFIED BUYING THIS BOOTS.
B003A6FGFU pro boots As many people say these boots are comfortable and indistructible.But if you spend alot of time on yourknees the inside leather on these boots colapses restricting room for your toes.witch makes them a little uncomfortable.
B003A6J1NS Great boots for the money! (Updated review) I wear these on the oil rigs of North Dakota. Currently I am working on a cement crew, which entails coming into contact with cement, drilling mud, petroleum products and lots of water. I normally spend 20 to 40 hours on the ground and on the rig floor doing our thing. These are comfortable, I own two pairs, and yes, they are waterproof.The tops of the boot have a Rhino Lining type material that looks sprayed on, and it is tough. The shaft of the boot is a heavy leather with pocket pulls at the top, these are the easiest boots to put on that I have ever owned. I have had these in the nastiest of stuff, and they have yet to let me down. They also have a Thinsulate lining that still keeps my feet warm at zero degrees, but will not overheat your feet at 70 degrees. I would highly recommend these boots if you are in the patch or doing any job that requires steel toed boots that puts you into contact with water or other nasty stuff. I am very happy with these boots and quite honestly have yet to find fault with them.Update: 9/16/12Well, I have worn these boots daily in the oil fields of North Dakota for roughly a year. I bumped them down from 5 stars to 4... They still look good, soles have held up great and are still waterproof... Problem is, the foot bed has totally fallen apart. The bed is "bubbling" up at the tip of the boots, making them unbearable to wear, they hurt my feet immediately upon putting them on.Update 2/13:They are finished, I killed these boots. The inner lining came lose at the heel of the boot... I had to call my buddy to pull the darn boot off of my foot! They went into the garbage after that...I expected much more from these boots, and am honestly quite surprised they failed so soon. I figured I would be able to get at least two years out of these. If you are a casual wearer, these boots should last you quite a few years... But, for daily wear in rough conditions, if you don't mind buying a new pair every year, they are pretty decent boots for the money. And I would still recommend these boots, as they were very comfortable and did hold up where many boots would have failed in a matter of a few weeks or months. Trust me, I gave these boots a real workout, from 30 below zero to hundred degree heat... Still a great boot for the money.I will be buying another pair here soon, for the money and the work I do, they honestly are hard to beat.
B003AZZM3C Boots are new, but they feel like they've already been broken in! They just recently arrived and I can tell (already) that they're going to be my favorite pair of boots.  I took out the factory insoles that came with the boots and replaced them with a pair of Aetrex L420 Sport Orthotic insoles.  The boots feel amazing!  They are very well crafted and look great with jeans.  The leather is already soft and, after dousing them with Neatsfoot Oil and setting them by the furnace overnight, they are soft and pliable like a pair of boots that have been broken in for 6 months!  They are NOT, however, a good boot for a construction site.  They are strictly a boot made for daily wear.  As for the sizing ~~ these boots fit me true to size.  I wear a 9 .  I bought these boots in a 9  and they fit perfectly.  I saw other reviews that stated the boots were slightly over sized and anyone buying them should purchase them one or one-half size smaller than what they would normally wear.  I don't see how that is applicable here.  Only time will tell if they hold up.  Given the light rigors of my daily routine and the fact that I don't operate a backhoe, front end loader or a bulldozer for a living, I anticipate many years of use.
B003AZZM3C Very Comfortable I think these boots are great.  Comments seem accurate about the boots being sized a bit large, but with a narrow toe box.  That's good for me; perhaps not for people with wider feet.  It is very difficult to get boots that my feet can actually fill up, but with an insole or two, these are terrific, and an excellent value.
B003AZZMRS Comfortable, stylish, and light boots! Run large though... I bought these boots in black and brown and I am VERY pleased with them. I wear a nine in most shoes, but in these I had to send them back and get eights. The fit is a bit narrower than a normal boot, but I don't mind since I like my shoes to fit a bit snug. This could be a problem for some though. The boots have a very clean, smooth, and refined profile. The leather feels great! The big thing that I love about these boots is the comfort. I haven't had any issues whatsoever after wearing them all day long. And, since they are Timberland boots, they definitely have a great sole made for combating the elements. They were also surprisingly light to me. The only thing I would change about these would be to add a more robust lace.
B003ELOYEA Thrifty wife My wife was in desperate need of a pair of winter boots. She was determined to have a tall pair that would go to her knees. And she decided she would like a pair that was lined in fleece. She wanted all this for $75 or less. So I began the search(with her looking over my shoulder). We found a few pair that met all her requirements, including the price. All had mediocre reviews on the quality but said were worth what had been paid. But I wanted her to have a good quality pair of boots for a reasonable price. Now that's a tall order these days. When I came across these Timberland boots my mind was made up (in secret of course). She had a fit about the $120 price tag. I proceeded to lecure her with the "you get what you pay for" lecure. I finished the 10 minute or so lecure by clicking on the "Add to Cart" button. Her jaw dropped. Finished my purchase and waited for the arrival of the boots. They arrived in 4 days, thank you Amazon. She tried them on.........LOVE THEM!! Sooooooooo comfortable! The temperture dropped below 20 degrees.............SHE LOVES THEM EVEN MORE!!! She's sexy, absolutely gorgeous, has a heart of gold, treats me like a king, and NOW has warm feet too. As for me, I looked the boots over very carefully and I am very impressed with the superb quality of these boots. It's a very happy household. I got my way (for a change), and my beautiful wife has sexy warm feet.
B003ELOYEA FANTASTIC I have purchased Timberland hiking boots in the past for out West and they are great.  The Eathkeeper boots are soo comfortable I could live in them. I live in  Wisconsin and we are starting to get our weather, I have worn them twice since they arrived 11/20/10 and they are comfy, warm, sturdy, made well (which I expect from Timberland, nothing but the best) and great looking.  I normally take a 9 and ordered a 9.5 you want room for your toes girls don't wear your shoes/boots too small, I am paying the price for that and it isn't pretty.  Enjoy them once you order, you will not regret.  Oh, Happy Thanks Giving!Sincerely,Gita2011
B003ELOYEA boots I returned them, the boots seemed nice but when i put them on and walked around the zipper rubbed on my ankle.Maybe if i had kept the boots I would have broke them in and that would have stopped?
B003ELOYEA Great for thick calves I have size 11 W feet and calves so thick that they don't fit into most tall boots. When I started my hunt for winter boots that would fit me, I realized that too many styles wouldn't work for me. I read a lot of these reviews before I bought my boots, and I suggest you do too.I ordered the 11 C/D boots. The laces adjusted nicely to fit my calves while making sure that my leg was wrapped in cozy fleece. I cannot wear thick socks with these boots because there isn't enough room, but honestly, you don't need to. I've walked entire days in these boots in cold and snow and haven't felt a thing. The soles are a bit heavy, but they are comfortable to walk in. Some folks mentioned that they wanted to Scotchguard these boots, but I haven't noticed any damage from the snow.The only tiny downside to these boots is that from the front, it looks like I have cankles. However, I don't care. My feet are warm and the boots are awesome. If you have large, wide feet like I do, you should seriously consider buying these boots. They rock.
B003ELOZSU They're cute, but moderately functional. I've had a lot of compliments on these boots and I still really like them.  I've had them for about a year now, and where them a lot.  It snows quite a bit where I live and I spend more time in the snow than the average person.  These boots are great for around town, and to and from work.  However, these boots are not meant for outdoors.  I wouldn't where them snowshoeing, sledding, or anything of the sort.  My feet start to get a little cold after a while and I couldn't find a size bigger so I can't where really thick socks with them. Also, the leather on the toe is starting to crack a little, and I'm not sure how I can fix that.  All in all, I really glad I bought these boots, but I will have to get another pair of boots for all the other winter things I like to do.
B003ELOZSU Great boots! I love these boots! I have two pair. They keep your feet warm and are very comfortable. They are not bulky and clean easy. I wear a 9 but got a 9.5 and it fits perfect.  The boots come right below my clf unlike the other ones I bought, but I like the height on these better. I have had a fracture to my foot and couldn't find a good boot until these. I can walk most of the day in tgese and not have a problem.I would recommend this boot. Boots were delivered fast and came undamaged.
B003ELOZSU Super boots!!! I was order two TIMBERLAND - one short shoes and this one. This model I order in BONE color. Usualy I wear 7-8 size, but this one I was order 8,5 and this will be perfect to wear my boots with  winter socks :-D . Im Big girl and for me was importent to get shoes where my shank will feel comfortable,and not tight! Last time I have problem to to find the right one wich dont press my leg. And this Boots answers all my requirements! The other one criterion for choose boots was- WATERPROOF, and I even havent doubt about this one! This boots looks great and stylish! I can wear them with everything- with dress or pants,with jeans or legins! I find this boots realy "TOP 21 century"!!! Very universal and so cute!!!! Cant wait snow in my city and enjoy winter by MAX!:-DP.S. Yesterday in finaly I was wear my boots outside, and u know what- it's realy tight press on my toes! When I was try them after I get my box- I feel perfect, but to walk in them was give me hard moments.. Now I understand what about was previous comments.. All start of the winter I was wear short version of this shoes and they are ideal! Dont think I can wear this one again.. I think about to sell them:((( But still like the quality they made !
B003ELOZSU Just what I like! I love the boots! The first pair was too small. The boots run short. So if you're going to purchase the boots, make sure you get a 1/2 size larger. The style is just what I was looking for. They are comfortable, they look good with jeans and best of all...this pair cost me less. I guess it's all realative...I had to pay the return shipping, but the boots are a keeper. I would recommend them to anyone.
B003ELOZSU The boots are what I wanted The boots are for my wife, they fit her very well and she told me they are very confortable. I recommend it.
B003ELOZSU The best snow boots I have owned These are sturdy and comfortable boots - they seemed tight when I first tried them on, but then seemed to loosen up.It took me a while to find boots that are waterproof and long-lasting - I have worn these boots all winter and they are still like new.The only downside is that they are bulkyHighly recommend.
B003ELOZSU TimberlandWoman's Boots - Earthkeepers review While the boots are nice (Bone color, size 10) in that they are mid-calf, have a nice lining inside that should keep you very warm, waterproof and it looks like (haven't tested it out yet) the soles have decent traction.  I ordered the 10 based on other reviews about the size being too snug if you get your normal size (mine being 9 1/2), and the reviews were correct.  The 10 fits perfectly.The one problem that I have is...the boots were tried on by someone who had a shedding/balding problem and must live with a pet.  How do I know this?  Because inside the boot (specifically the left boot), from the top to the bottom, their hair was all over the inside of the boot!  I had to use box sealing tape, flip it over, and go through multiple times to get the hair out!  DISGUSTING!!!I've never had problems buying shoes from Amazon before, but I'm more than hesitant to purchase shoes from them now.  ESPECIALLY if quality control is not an issue.  I can understand trying on a shoe, it doesn't fit, you send it back.  But, the customer should make sure it doesn't look like they cut their hair over the boots, shed, or that their pet slept in it!  And Amazon should at least check the returned item for cleanliness, working condition, etc.  Makes me wonder about other products...I may just go back to ordering books and that's it.  I've ordered from Amazon numerous times over the years, and have never been disappointed in my purchases until now.The boots, other than the excessive hair, do not look worn in (no scuffs, marks on the bottom of the boots), but I am skeeved out at the hair.  Yuck!  I would have been more upset if I paid over $100 for the boots and had this happen.  I paid $68 for a pair of Timberland boots (a GREAT price for this brand)...if the worst part was the hair, I can live with that (after they're cleaned, of course), but this is the last pair of shoes I order through Amazon.  For anyone purchasing these boots (or other shoes) in the future, be careful!!
B003ELQIW6 Great hiking boots! Love these hiking boots--purchased to replace a pair that I had for several years.  It's hard for me to find hiking boots that do not rub on the heel, or otherwise feel uncomfortable, but these are definitely comfortable and I hike for many hours in all types of conditions--snow/ice and rugged trails.  Good padding, and not too heavy feeling weight wise. Not a "girly" boot by any means, but not big, clunky either. I did need to go up 1/2 size, but I do like to wear a little bit of a heavier sock. I use my boots for what they're intended--hiking--and save the girly 4" heels for afterwards!
B003EV5KB6 Great boots, but too big I bought size 6M boots for my 12 year old daughter.  They are beautiful boots, very well made.  Unfortunately, the boots are much bigger than a 6M.  I wear an 8M and I could wear these boots.  I will exchange for a smaller size.
B003EV5NPY lovely boots I just bought this pair of nice and fancy boots for my little daughter, eventhough they are bigger for her size i will for sure say that my daugther will enjoy these boots next year in winter season.!
B003HKRGUM Not as good as other Timberland boots These boots are ok. I got a good deal on them and that's the only reason I kept them. The left boot had a leather edge that stuck out from tongue that should not be there so I had to cut it off. After doing that it seems decent enough but I am not impressed with the design or leather used. I would pass on these boots if I hadn't already purchased them.
B003HKRIQO These Are Timberland Boots. Do You Have To Ask? Bought a pair of the red brown boots for my new job as a field tech because I'm going to need good tough boots, which is exactly what Timberlands are. The only issue I've had with them so far was when I first started wearing and breaking them in, the tongue folds on the sides of the tongues where they attach to the shaft for water resistance were digging into the fronts of my ankles painfully. But if I wear army boot socks I picked up on base, and don't lace them too tight, they feel good with no digging. They are well built, and good looking as well. They do require quite a bit of break-in to loosen up the leather, but any good pair of work boots I've ever owned do as well. I wore boots daily for 20 years in the USAF, and broke in quite a few pairs during that time, so I know.
B003HKRJ9U there wounderful I was looking for a nice pair of boots and i found these and love them one problem is if you like your boots tight like me then there will be a bulge and wrinkle formed at the bottom of the laces after a couple days i just wish i could have gotten them in all black
B003NUQWY2 Not bad for the price These boots are light weight and comfortable.  They are not as well built as other Timberland boots I have owned but at half the cost of other Timberland boots they are not bad
B003NUQWY2 Middle of the road This boot is so-so. They are not super comfortable (they really don't have much cushioning on the insole) but they are okay because they are new. Time will tell if they are durable. Durability has been an issue I have had with the last four pairs of Timberland Pro boots I have owned. I worked in sloppy mud yesterday wearing these boots and they did keep my feet dry so that was a plus. I guess I could recommend these boots but don't expect too much. As I stated, they are middle of the road, maybe a step higher than the cheap boots I used to buy at Payless.
B003OBZSZO nice boots I bought these for christmas for my child.  All she asked for where Timberlands.  They arrived quickly and on time but she has not gotten to wear them yet, I will do a follow up when she encounters these boots
B003OBZT3A Nice Boot, but not what I expected. I already own a pair of Mt Holly boots and expected these to fit the same.  I was surprised that the fleece lining is very thick.  I can only wear a thin sock with these boots and the boots fit too snug.  I was looking for a pair of waterproof hiking boots that I can wear year round.  These boots would be too warm for spring and summer months. Other than that, the quality is what I expect of a Timberland boot.
B003OBZT3A Love I love these boots. They're not ugly like a lot of big snow/hiking boots. It takes time for them to get worn in, I did get some serious blisters from hiking in these but in the end it will be worth it. These will last a long time. I get compliments whenever I wear them for hikes and I plan on wearing them when it starts to get snowy here. I would even wear these with my normal outfit when the time comes. Very cool boots.
B003OBZT3A Impressed I recently wore these boots to work two days in a row and they were so comfortable. I spend a great deal of my day standing so I am really impressed. I purchased them weeks ago, but this was my first time wearing them. These are very nice leather boots. You can smell the leather when you open the box. These are handsome boots. They fit me nicer than any Timberland boots that I've worn in the past. The boots look the way they are described and depicted in their description and picture. They are true to size because I wear a 7.5 in Timberlands and they have the exact same fit. I wear an 8 in athletic sneakers, but always a 7.5 in Timberlands since they run a little bigger.
B003TFEA5O Classy Boots I've been looking for a good pair of boots (and I wasn't afraid to pay good money either)...and these boots do not disappoint.  I love the two-toned color between the suede and leather portions of the boots.  They look awesome over jeans and I'm assuming will look just as good with a skirt.  These boots are just as comfortable as I thought they would be.  But I figured that Timberland's products would be of good quality.  My only critique is that the leather at the top easily scratches.  In fact, the first time I tried on the boots was when I scratched the leather the first time.  Having said that, I know that leather will scratch, I just didn't think it would scratch THAT easily.  Otherwise, I would give these boots five stars because I do love them.  =D
B003TFEA5O These boots rule! Top quality gorgeous boots! I normally wear a wide but these fit great. You won't see many of these around- they're real eye-catchers!
B003TFEA5O Great boots! These boots were just what I was looking for and they fit perfectly.  I was also happy to find that they were made out of recycled materials.  This was the best price for these boots that I had found!
B003TFEA5O Beautiful boots I normally never order shoes online and I am very picky about shoes.  However these boots are beautifully made and I've gotten numerous compliments on them on several occasions after only wearing them a few times.  They take a small while to break in.  Coloring is rich and beautiful.  Highly recommend if you like boots.
B003TFEA5O I am in love with my boots!!!! I just love these boots!! I am a very picky shopper and knew I need great boots for the winter season. I saw these boots pop-up on line and read all the reviews that I could.  Many people said to get a size bigger that your normal size, but I got my regular size of 81/2. I have never ordered something online without seeing it and trying it on....but when they came they were everything I wanted!!! They had the look, the smell of leather and most of all the comfort to walk in them for hours!!!  I told my husband that I am in love with my boots!....He justs looks at me- like I'm crazy!  I would highly recommended these boots.  Oh, I forgot to let you know that the first week I wore them I got a lot of compliments....so I know I got the right boots!!!  2/3/13....New update to this purchase. I am still loving these boots and I can honestly say that when I wear them out (which is very day) I get compliments still! I was shoping a well known Dept. store the other day and a women told her boyfiend that she wanted my boots and asked me where I could get them. I did break down and let her know the name of the boots and how I ordered them.....you know as a women....you don't like to give out your secrets that you have found on your own.....right???
B003TFEA5O Great Boots I've been looking for a good pair of boots forever and really like these. I typically wear a size 10 in boots and sneakers so that is what I ordered, and unfortunately they were a little big, I didn't want to mess with returning for a 1/2 size smaller so I just wear thick socks with them. They are super comfortable...I can walk long distances in them, no problem. I love that they fit snug on the calf and are not gaping like some boots. I also love that they are functional and not just fashion boots. Would buy again.
B003TFEA5O Love these boots! These boots are the most comfortable boots I own without any wear in process. The color is unique and I get its of compliments.
B003TFEA5O Great boots These boots are very well made and fit perfectly!  Very comfortable too. : ) I would recommend them to anyone who wants a good-looking, well-made pair of boots at a reasonable price.
B003TFEA5O Bittersweet boots I really loved these boots online and was excited to receive them in the mail. Unfortunately, I happened to be one of the unlucky ones who received a bad pair. Not only had my boots been obviously tried on before with creases in the leather, they were stained and scuffed and to top it off, the suede was so rough and some small chunks were missing. The insides of the boots (also stained) were softer than the outside! Not happy with the product quality at all. I still love the style of the boots--the only thing I noticed about them in the fit was that the front flap above the foot dug into my leg a little but that may change with wear--and am hoping to receive a better pair once I give Amazon a piece of my mind!! I am in no way discouraging the purchase of these boots but be aware that you may receive a bad pair! Also, some reviewers commented on the where their boots had been manufactured...mine said China, just for reference.
B003UFJCP6 Timberland Lounger Boot... I've had these boots for over a year now, and they'reholding up quite well.  Very soft and pliable, somethingyou could wear all day with no problems.  I ordered a71/2 W, and they fit perfectly.  I would recommendthese boots.
B003XHH0W8 Favorite Boots I love these boots.  The sizing is as advertised, they are comfortable, and they look great with a variety of clothing.  I was somewhat concerned with the durability of the pull tabs used to pull the boots on and off, but through the first four months of wear they have held up well.  I'd recommend ordering an oiled leather sponge or two with the boots.  Use this after every week or so and the boots will continue to look great.
B003XHH0W8 New Timberland Boots I like the boots very much.  I have  a narrow foot and I expected the boots to be a little big.  But, with thicker socks they fit just fine and I am well satisfied.
B003XHH0W8 Quality boots constructed well of good quality leather. Comfortable fit , I would definitely recommend. I had received these boots after returning another pair......this was a simple process.
B003XHH0W8 Great boots... but... I like these boots a lot. They are comfortable, look great, versatile, and can be worn with many different looks.I like them better than anything else I have tried but here's the thing:The sizes of these boots vary, I am guessing depending on where they are made. I just got them in brown and black both size 13M. The brown ones (made in China) are true to size but are quite tight on the lower shin. The black ones (made in Vietnam) are larger but a lot more comfortable around the chin. I don't mind them being larger cause I like roomy shoes.I think the bottom line is you have to keep returning them and re-ordering the same pair until you get one that is good for you! I did that with the black ones because the first black pair I received was  definitely malformed and uncomfortable. These are great boots and if they were made precisely to Timberland's specs they would be perfect. Timberland needs some serious work on their quality control at their various manufacturing plants so they can give us what we expect, like the old days!
B003XHH0W8 Timberland Mens Boots Boots fit great and look good, however  a section of the sole split and had to be reglued. I only wore the boots on about 10 occasions. I hope this is a one off because the rest of the boots are great
B003XTB4OG Wow! Everyone comments on these boots. The boots are so comforatable and stylish. These boots are well made, stylish, and very comfortable. These are the go anywhere boot.
B003XTEGPU Hot boots! I bought these boots for my daughter and even I would have to say "she looks hot" in these boots.
B0040UDP6C I am pleased with the Timberland boots. The boots were just what I was looking for and they had my name as well. I have found them to be very comfortable. I received them in a timely manner and they were in good shape when they arrived. Timberland is my favorite boot and these did not disappoint.
B0041GEY1U A great pair! These boots are amazing, and are extremely comfortable! I'm glad I got them because they go along with almost anything I wear.
B0041S5SGI Wonderful Boot There are three things I look at in rating footwear: functionality, aesthetics, and price.Functionality:These boots are really well made. The leather is sturdy and well-assembled. The sole grips the ground very well. There's plenty of support all around, including at the ankle. When I first put them on, they fit like a glove, and they're extremely comfortable when I walk around in them.Judging from the quality of the materials, I expect these boots to last a long time, and they're certainly up to wear in rough conditions.Aesthetics:My feet are size 12; they're big. The most common problem I have in buying boots is finding something that doesn't make my feet look like they have space boots on them, or that I'm wearing the boxes instead of the contents.A lot of boots nowadays seem to be designed to be very clunky. Many have a wide or squared toe. Many have massive heel assemblies. I've tried a lot of boots trying to find something I think looks stylish.These boots are the solution. They look even better in real life than in the pictures. They're designed to look almost elegant; I guess that's their European heritage. They have a lean profile, both from the side and the top. Quite frankly, I love the way these boots look when I'm wearing them.After all, isn't looking cool half the battle?Price:Extremely reasonably priced, especially as I've compared them to other products available on the market. Are there "cheaper" boots out there on the market? Sure... but usually that means "cheaper" in every sense of the word, especially as to quality.I strongly recommend these boots in every way. They meet all my criteria, and I think they're a very good value, and boots I'm very happy to own and wear. I bought the "Gaucho" color, and I like them so much I'm also going to order the "Wheat" color.Kudos, Timberland!
B0049N0O1Y Extremely comfortable boots I was looking for new work boots and after doing my research and reading countless reviews on various boots, I decided to give the Timberland Pro Valor's a shot.Well so far I am very pleased, these boots are probably the most comfortable boots I've ever owned, they have some awesome anti-fatigue insoles which make walking in them incredibly comfy.  You can actually feel them spring up with each step.The boots are very well made, real leather, sturdy construction and great side zipper.  I highly recommend these boots, my only warning would be to consider ordering a half size smaller than you normally wear, they seem to run big.
B0049N3S58 My favorite duty boot so far, love the comfort... I've been buying a lot of tactical boots in the past few years, started out with 5.11's, Altama, Rocky, cheapo Smith and Wesson. and Hermann (Wallyworld boots). I wasn't very satisfied with the comfort of any of them except the S&W; but they started cracking at 2 months. I took a chance on the Timberland White Ledge black boots, they are very comfortable and lightweight, so I went for these boots, the PRO Valor McClellan.When I got these boots, I was pretty impressed with the agressive soles and the general quality of the boots. They are a bit heavier than the White Ledge boots, but not excessively heavy. They are a lot more comfortable and they have a better insole than the White Ledge boots though. The fit was perfect, I have a size 13 wide foot and they were good from the first time I wore them. These boots are way more comfortable and have better cushion than the 5.11s and Altamas I've worn in the past. The only thing that looks cheap on the boot is the top lace holder, which is a plastic &#34;U&#34;. I would prefer a standard hole type eyelet, especially on a 6&#34; boot.
B0049N3S58 Great Boots These boots are very comfortable.  I've worn a pretty wide variety of work/duty boots.  Skechers, Keens, Cats, Magnums, and other Timberlands.  These are probably my favorite.  Very lightweight, breathable, and they have that cool tactical look (if you're into that sort of thing).  I've been wearing them for a couple of months now.  Did not really require any break in.  I've had them in snow and shallow puddles, with no leakage.  Haven't seriously submerged them yet, but for what I do they have been fantastic.
B0049N3S58 great boots the first time i wore them was for 11 hours and didn't have any issues.  already broken in.  definitely recommend.
B004BR78QC Great Boots I'm not a fireman or a cop but I still love these boots. I work in a refinery and I've owned slip on boots before but never any that fit like these. They fit snug like a lace up boot but they are still easy to get on. They are very comfortable and have very soft leather. I spend a lot of time walking and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they do in other boots.
B004C5QYLI One of my favorite I like this boots and it has an X factor. I will totally recommend it. It is very comfortable when you walk. A+
B004C5QYLI VERY COMFORTABLE BOUGHT THESE BOOTS AND GUESS WHAT IT'S WORTH THE MONEY AND THEY ARE TIMBERLANDS AT THIS PRICE. GO GET THEM.
B004C5QYLI Feels so light its like wearing flip flops I ordered these boots because it looks fanstic and awsome they also look heavy and real. i recieve these boots and it was so light weighted feels so fake and when i put these boots on the bottom surfaces feels like it was going to tear apart kinda felt like it was glued together. when walking in these boots its feels so fake and so light that my foot almost feels the concerte while walking like there was no sole in the shoes the style is nice and the outside of the shoes looks good but inside the boots is a different story if you buy this item its good to wear as a indoor flip flop around the house due to the light weight feeling and the fear of your boots tearing apart i gave these a 3 stars because the outside part of the boots were good quailty but inside was cheap and no good
B004CJLO0U Light and comfortable. First thing you notice about these boots is how light they are, then when you wear them you also appreciate the comfort they provide. They appear well made and look good with a pair of your favorite jeans. If your familiar with Timberland Earthkeepers models, then you'll enjoy these boots.
B004FKTPZC they are timberlands.. seems like the sole of these boots were missing. my feet were swimming aroung in these boots. thanks any way.
B004H9381I Great Boots I really like these boots. Here in Afghanistan the military has deposited a lot of rough gravel - gravel that is in the 2-3&#34; size range. With most footwear the jaggedness of all of this gravel can be felt pushing up through the sole of the footwear, causing a great deal of discomfort and even bruising to the sole of one's feet. These boots have a shank built into the sole of the boot - which results in the rocks not pushing up through the sole and hurting your feet.An additional feature that I really like about these boots is that they do NOT have speed laces. I hate speed laces, they are not any faster and actually the lace becomes untied much more frequently with speed laces. The lace eyelets are over-sized in a good way, which makes it so that you do not need speed laces. The laces pull through fast.Great boots - I have finally found a good, solid, dependable, comfortable pair of boots that I can wear in this rugged terrain in comfort.
B004H9AEYC Timberland Sprint Boots These shoes are just super. If you can get your hands on a pair, I highly recommend it. What more can I say? Comfortable, true to fit. great looking boots. People tell me all the time how good they look. "Like your Timberlands," they say. "Thank you," I say. Love them!
B004J2HSIC No regrets I was apprehensive about ordering boots online. I am a contractor in Afghanistan and really did not have a choice. After wearing these boots for a month I can honestly say it was a very good purchase. The boots have performed as promised. They fit exactly my regular shoe size. They are very comfortable and light weight. They have proven to be 100% water proof. I walk on rocks and dirt for 15 hours a day and have had no sore spots or rubbing. I purchased a second pair just in case these get worn out. I highly recommend them.
B004J2HSIC Love the Boots The boots were for my guy, and according to him they are the absolute best! He raves about the warmth and comfort combined with style. Great price from my standpoint, so two thumbs up Timberland.
B004J2LF5Y a steal at this price! The boots arrived in a box and at first i thought this cant be the boots because it was so light. after oppening the box the boot was great looking and light. I recently went hunting and sat in the cold below 25 degrees for hours and these boots kept me warm. I would recomend this boat at these prices!
B004K22QM4 Great boots The boots are perfect.  Take a little bit for breaking in but otherwise amazing boots.  Very comfortable, stylish, and the price is the best part.  My only concern is how well the sole will hold up.  The white sole gets dirty so a little upkeep is needed.
B004K22QM4 Great Fit Boots were extremely comfortable.  Wear them all the time, only issue is they squeak sometimes when walking on tile surfaces.
B004K22QM4 LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!! The most comfortable boots I have ever bought. Period.They look great, I get compliments all the time, and they are extremely durable.  They also have finger holes on the back so you can get a grip on them to pull them on your foot, I like that.Great job on these boots!
B004K22QM4 Good Boots I bought these boots because I have bought from this brand before and liked the boots. The boots I got did not disapoint me in any way. One of the main things I like about the boots is that they do not look like they are fat, they have a slim look to them that I like very much. I am in Afghanistan right now and look forward to getting a long life out of these boots. If you buy this pair of boots you will not be disapointed.
B004K22U84 Nice Boots I have been wearing these boots for almost a month now and have not had a problem whatsoever. From the first day I wore them, they have been nothing but comfortable. I have worn them for short and long periods of time without any fatigue. Great values and they look good too
B004K22W2S New boots Overall I like my new boots very much. A couple of other reviews commented on the left boot being a different size and I got that impression as well. With a little wear and break in they are good boots and I would recomend them, however be aware they need some breaking in.
B004K22W2S So-so These boots arrived today and I put them on immediately.The cons so far:It does seem like the left side is a bit tighter than the right side, the top front part on that side was noticeably more snug that the other.The materials on the inside also seem a bit cheap (but hey, you get what you pay for).The ProsI bought it because of the style, it does look great in my opinion (and from a few others)Its made from some recycled material, a pro for meTimberland is a noteworthy brand, I have had a pair of timberland boots before that lasted for very long!So far it is comfortable, the inner sole is nice. I kept them on all day and also went out in to the field with them and had no problems what so ever. Also some boots get hot on your feet, this was not the case.All in all, I am somewhat pleased, however there does seem to be an inconsistency in the sizing between the left and right side (hopefully it stretches out some), however I consider the price very good and it is comfortable to wear so far
B004K22W2S Solid boot and stylish I had bought a Pair of Timberland Earthkeeper Chelsea boots that I liked and decided to buy this pair because I thought it was stylish and I like the side zipper opening.  These boots are pretty rugged and comfortable on my feet.  I like the fact that the heel and sole are not too thick--I hate that about work boots and these are everyday city boots.PROS:-solid construction-good leather-stylish-quality rubber soleCONS:-I chose wide but it is not any wider than the other Earthkeeper Chelsea I have in medium!-inner liner material looks kind of cheap and may not last as long as the outer leather.Bottom line:  stylish, solid boot that may not be high end construction but neither is the price.
B004K66PAE Decent boot for the price These boots are high quality for the price and are more comfortable than other boots/shoes with a similar heel height due to the athletic support insert.However, they do run about half a size smaller than other boots. My feet also ache if I wear them for an entire day but I also usually never wear shoes with a heel this high so perhaps those who are veterans of higher heels won't mind the pain.
B004K66PAE boots Boots are great  fit true to size , suede a little shaded but ok as I am wearing them casual and chose mainly for waterproof feature.
B004K66PAE Beautiful and Comfy These are the most comfortable boots I own.  They are beautiful.  The picture doesn't do them justice.  The sole is very comfortable.  Making it easy to walk in them all day.  I love these boots.  I may just get a pair in black, the burgundy boots are just perfect.
B004K66PAE Smartest boots ever bought... If anyone complains about the lack of comfort in these boots, it's because she probably does not wear heels often.  As soon as I took them out of the box and slipped one on my foot, I was hooked.  I'm so tired of seeing women wearing boots for the sexy factor. Everywhere you go you'll see all the stores selling tall stiletto heeled boots, that go over the knee in every which color.  Then when you try them on you think to yourself, "are these boots worth the price I'm paying not to mention the beating my feet will endure from wearing them?"  I must say these boots are a breath of fresh air from that main stream fashion boot trend.  These boots are definitely casual, but they're nice enough to dress up a bit, not to mention there are so many color options.  The comfort factor is definitely the biggest selling point for me.  These boots are the perfect combination of sexy and comfortable.
B004K66PAE So sad - waaaay too small I was so happy to see these boots on sale. I ordered them in size 8.5W. My winter boots are also Timberland and they fit perfectly. Sadly, however, I couldn't even *start* to get my feet in these boots. Too bad - because they're quite attractive and appeared to measure up to Timerland's usual high quality.
B004K66PAE Sturdy & Attractive These boots are a perfect fit so order the size you normally wear without hesitation. The exterior has a great feel-heavy, solid, and almost rubbery (I mean this in the best possible way). They are not as form-fitting as boots that have a zipper because these are a slip-on boot. These boots can be worn w/ a dress or with jeans and are versatile in this regard. I couldn't be more satisfied with them. They are a great buy for the money.
B004K66PAE beautiful boots beautiful, supple leather with the quality craftsmanship Timberland is famous for.  I've bought many Timberland boots over the years, and these are the nicest yet!
B004K66PAE Love these boots!! I bought these boots in the artisan gold last year and loved them so much I just got them in black. I am 5foot tall and the shaft height is perfect for me. I also teach first grade so I'm on my feet a lot and they are so comfortable!
B004K66PAE Love these boots I love these boots - I bought a pair of Timberland winter boots last year, and was impressed with the quality and comfort.  So I decided to try some fun boots as well.  They are amazing quality and a beautiful boot.  I really enjoy the tread on the bottom.  I am not a big high heel wearing gal (usually in Dansko's and Birks) but these are still comfy - although I do wish they had a slightly smaller heel for the sake of stability and long wearing.
B004K66PAE Absolutely Love! These boots are by far my favorite! They fit perfect and they are super comfortable. I tried them on with my skinny jeans and I didn't have any difficulty tucking them in my boots. I can't wait to wear them this Fall. Right now I wear them with my boot cut jeans and they look great. I'll definitely be buying another pair of Timberland boots, perhaps an ankle boot. I highly recommend these boots!
B004K66PAE Nice quality and comfortable boots These boots are so comfortable.  I wore them all day right after receiving them and didn't have any discomfort.  They look good with skirt and jeans.  They are true to size and width.  It has great quality leather which is as good as FRYE boots.  The price is only half of the FRYE boots.
B004K66PAE Gorgeous boots The boots are are just beautiful, made from a rich dark chocolate shade of leather. Well made and comfy too.
B004K66PAE A bit high & snug, but good color & quality overall. As someone else noted, the oil from the boot is noticeable on first receipt. It seemed to have stained some of the tissue paper used for wrapping the boots in the box. So be careful if you are going to take the boots out or handle anything else that the oils may damage when your first receive them.Although the sole is well-made and the insole is well-padded, I personally don't imagine I could do a typically long workday and not have sore feet by the end in these. You can walk in these fine, but the heel is a bit high if you are in a profession which requires a lot of walking and standing. I'm keeping these because for the price and quality it is a good deal and they replace my favorite burgundy boots, but they aren't going to be my go-to boots for lots of walking or long workdays.
B004K66PAE Great boots I have these in Gold and Dark Olive - and am seriously considering them in other colors.  I love boots - and these are some of my favorites and frankly less heavy and more comfortable than many of my Fryes.  I would highly recommend.  Sizing is good and the heel is attractive and a good height but comfortable enough for all day wear.
B004K66PAE Amazing Very High Quality Boots This is my second pair of these boots and could not pass up the ridiculously amazing price I scored on Amazon. These boots are very high quality and actually worth the full retail price. I also want to get these in the olive color. If you are considering getting these boots, you won't be disappointed. I am guessing everything by Timberland is as nice as these boots but this is my first experience with the brand (this purchase and the last purchase recently of the same style boot-different color). Buy them! Thanks Amazon for the great deal, too.
B004K66PAE I really love these boots I have been trying to find a great boot for a long time, and either the heel is too tall, or the sides get too slouchy - I've had these for about a year now and they are exactly what I wanted.  They have held up very well over time.
B004K6C6ZW Great Boots Love these boots!  The only complaint I could possibly have is that I wish they came up a little higher on the leg.  Maybe my leg is just too long!Great boots!  Fit true to size and came promptly.
B004K6C6ZW VERY STYLISH THE BOOTS ARE VERY STYLISH AND I LIKE THEM ALOT BUT THE BOOTS WOULD NOT STAY UP MY LEGS WHEN I WALKED AND IT DID NOT MATTER WHICH EYELET I PUT THE STRAP IN- HAD TO KEEP PULLING THEM UP! NICE BOOTS BUT THAT TOO MUCH MONEY TO SPEND TO HAVE TO KEEP PULLING YOUR BOOTS UP WHENEVER YOU WALK.  I GUESS I COULD HAVE JUST STOOD THERE AND NOT WALKED-EVER! LOL!
B004K6C6ZW My new favorite boots I LOVE these boots. They are super comfortable and easy to match, you can dress them up or down. My only problem is I wear them too much
B004K6E5V0 hot tailgating boots Very comfortable boots, they look great with leggings and jeans! wore them to a football game and everyone loved them!!!
B004KQ0VXG Best boots ever purchased I can't say more about how much I love these boots. They are flattering, well made, waterproof (or resistant), very warm, incredibly comfortable, and they do not click when you walk (the heel and sole are all rubber.) I have spent countless hours (sadly) searching for boots that will carry me fashionably and comfortably through a winter (preferably several winters.) I finally found the perfect boots. So I bought another pair.
B004KQ0VXG Wonderful boots but they are missing any insoles These are beautiful boots. The leather has a great feel. They are a little tight on my caves but they stretch well. My only problem is that there is no insoles at ALL in the boots. I can even see the screws where the heel is attached inside the foot of the shoe. It specifically says "Anti-fatigue removable footbed provides all-day comfort and support". Well it is missing in my boots completely, and without them the boots kill my feet. I am assuming that the boot might have been returned to amazon and whomever bought the boots "kept" the insoles, but it would have been NICE for amazon to let me know this at my purchase! I don't know how to contact Amazon and let them know this. I don't want to return the boots, just  new insoles for the ones I have, or at least a way to buy the proper insoles for the boots if they will/can not send me ones.
B004KQ0VXG solid boot I bought the boots as the heel height is exactly what I want. I received the boots in 4 days..Amazon is always and prompt in delivery. The boots are well made! Unfortunately, I did not measure the calf width therefore I have to return the boots as I could not zip. it is a narrow boots, so make sure that you measure ut calf width..
B004KQ2GW0 Good boots, comfy, narrow so order large I normally wear Vibram Fivefingers or sandals (or nothing), but come winter, I usually like something a little more substantial on my feet so they don't freeze off! I picked up these Timberlands from Amazon mostly due to the Gore-Tex option and the Vibram soles. The ones I grabbed were from the Amazon Warehouse, and a size larger than I normally wear - and it turned out to be a good thing. I usually like my shoe a little on the loose side, at a size 11 (instead of 10) these are a good fit in both length and width.  I get the feeling that if I had grabbed some 10's, they would have been too small.Otherwise, these boots are at the "so far, so good" stage for me. They've been through about two months of wear and there's nothing bad to report.  The weight is also pretty nice on these - I'm used to really heavy winter boots, but these are nice and light.  That being said, these are obviously hiking boots rather than winter boots, so if you live up north and were looking to grab some boots, these may not be winter-proof enough for you, as far as insulation is concerned.Tested on plain ol' concrete, grass, rocky terrain, as well as some nice winter rain. Feet have remained dry and comfy throughout. I'd get them again.
B004KQ4IWG Nice Boots..But I Love timberland boots. That being said, I ordered these because the percentage off that was being offered. I received them today and the boots look as in the pictures, but the leather on the front is hard and when I tried them on I could tell immediately they were going to be painful to my shins. So I am returning them. I just know when walking the leather is going start rubbing and digging in my shins..too bad.
B004L32PFU Great boot, size down Thanks to the other reviews, I knew ahead of time to size down.  I normally wear twelves, so I bought this in size 11.  Sizing down for boots is not uncommon so I don't consider this a negative.The boots look great - I've already received compliments on them and love wearing them.  Additionally, they're quite comfortable, especially once you break them in a bit.I can't really say much about the waterproofing as I haven't put it through any serious water (such as heavy rain), but I've walked through snow and stepped in puddles and haven't had any issues with water getting in.There are definitely more expensive (and I'm sure higher quality) boots out there, but if you don't wear boots everyday, don't work in boots, and can't afford to drop more than $200, then these are definitely the boots fo ryou.
B004L32PFU Great boots I love timberland. These boots look and feel good. My feet are a little flat and the arches in these don't hurt like some if they are too high. One boot is hurting my shin a little where the tong pleat rubs. I am wearing them loose in the last four cleats until they wear in a little more, so as not to aggravate or create a sore spot. These boots are soft from new compared to many others I have bought over the years. When broken in these may be my favorite boots ever.
B004L32PFU Great boots! These boots have been through the Hercules Snowtorm and they perfomed great. The boots kept my feet warm and dry, exactly what I was looking for. Overall, they are a great pair of boots: sturdy, awesome quality, stylish... I'd recommend this pair of boots in a heartbeat!
B004L39PDK Nice Boots So excited getting this boots. Remind me of my  boots I wore all the tine in high school. Great with jeans, Khaki pants. First time for me to order online for shoes or boots.  When I did get it, surprise it fit like a glove.  The only negative I have with this shoes is the lace. The lace is already showing wear after a month of wearing the shoe. The shoe is holding up fine but wish Timberland could have installed a ticker lace and I'm not understanding why the lace is so long. C'mon men! Otherwise great looking shoes if u can live with the flimsy and long lace.
B004L8P6HO great boots, poor packaging i got this beautiful pair of boots at discount and i loved it a lot, really soft and nice leather, very roomy boot body enough for athletic calves.however, the package is really bad, the paper wrapping the boots is partially greased. the boots body also has several obvious scratches. it's very obvious a returned item. even though after several weeks of wearing it, i might scratch the leather myself. but i will still give a second thought purchasing a not-mint condition boots even with such discounts.
B004LKVJP0 Timbalands Boots are a tad bit narrow. The tonges are not wide enough and I have to adjust them just right so my socks won't show through the laced up spaces. Other than that, the boots are very attractive. I think they should be more comfortable considering they are Timberlands. I bought my pair from a local athletic shoe store. Product looks exactly as shown and even better on the feet. Very cute boots!  I always get compliments on them. However, I don't recommend these for snow...they are for show only!
B004LKVJP0 Great Boots! I really enjoy wearing these stylish boots. They are comfortable, and I have received many compliments on them. They really add greatness to the outfits I wear them with.
B004LLSV5U Love my boots Wow!!! This boots are so beautiful and comfortable. I was so impressed how well are made. The price was perfect for me. I totally recommend the boots to anyone who's looking for a great deal.
B004LQL3K0 Great boots This pair of boots are exactly as the picture. They are very comfortable, no time-in break necessary.I am size 9 M  , it is just a little narrow in the ankle I had just a little problem to get my foot into the boot.Once I used the they are so comfortable I did not realize I was using new boots. I definitely recommend them.
B004LQL3K0 Great pair of boots! These boots are so comfortable and matched my expectations- I think I have a new all-time favorite pair of boots.
B004NRUZQ0 Comfortable, quality, gorgeous Got a great price on these boots compared to local shoe stores. They are very high quality. Great sole that doesn't slip like other winter boots. The leather is beautiful ( I have the tan), just make sure you spray them with water repellant. These boots are so comfortable I can wear them all day long. And they are warm too! Perfect for a northern Michigan winter with a good pair of thin wool socks on. I usually wear between a 7.5 and 8. Ordered the 7.5 and they fit perfectly! I can tell these boots will last a long time if taken care of!
B004NRYO0S These boots are AMAZING These boots rock. I get so many compliments from friends and strangers when I wear these. The first time I ordered these I went for a regular width 8.5, which was a little narrow and a little too large for my foot. I'm usually always an 8.5 but I tried again and got an 8.0 wide and they fit beautifully. It was definitely worth sending back the first pair and seeking perfection, because that's what I got. I was out in the pouring rain walking for at least a half an hour the other week and my feet stayed the warmest and completely dry the whole time, which amazed me. They have been holding up very well so far (no problems with the suede) and I anticipate them lasting a good number of years, even with the harsh Wisconsin winter that they'll have to deal with. I highly suggest these boots to everyone!
B004PNE720 Like on puppies all day. I really can't say much about these boots, because nothing I say could convey how comfortable they are. I think that these boots are fully deserving of a Morgan Freeman monologue extolling their virtues. I have a high arch, and these deliver. The locking strap keeps your heel in the cup no matter what. The anti-fatigue sole works. The AGion stuff that prevents stinky feet is a godsend. Any other shoe of mine smells like fetid cheese within a week of new, but these smell so good I can hold them up to my toddler daughter's nose and lull her to sleep with the fine smell of leather.They scratch easily, but they're work boots! I use them as a hammer for baseboard and will rest huge cabinets on the toe with nary a problem. My friend has a pedometer so I borrowed it and averaged 7 miles a day for a week in these boots and it never sucked, not once. Great boots.
B004PNE720 very comfortable I bought this boots 6 months ago. It's very comfortable boots. 16 hours on my feet is very pain free. The boots took a lot of beating  especially in the front of the boots. I post a picture of the boots in it's current condition. The boot was price but well worth the extra cost. I will be purchasing this again
B004PNE720 comfort fit Timberland Pro Series boots are one of the few that are comfortable right out of the box.  These are just a bit stiffer than the entry level titan ones - I hope this relates to a more durable boot.  I really like the base line titan boots but I can't get more than one year out of them, the soles split right across the fore-foot.  I work on a ship and I beat the hell out of my boots so its a bit expected.  These Helix boots seem to be a little more durable, we'll see in a year but they are also every bit as comfortable as the titans.
B004PPLZEG Nice Boots these boots are a bit on the small side on the cut,  it was difficult to fit my orthodics in them at first.  during break in and after very comfortable.  As there is no true water proof boots out there, they perform well as long as they are polished regularly.
B004PPLZEG Timberland Men's Flume Mid Hiking boots are great. Read my review. First let me start by saying I usually do not review products on the Internet much but sometimes I feel you just got to give credit were credit is due. I am a disable Veteran with multiple foot problems to include flat feet as well as multiple screws and pins. I have never been able to find any shoe I could wear that did not kill my feet because of my foot issues. I usually have to wear custom made ankle braces because of my foot problems until I found these boots. I have never owned a pair of Timberland boots but I can tell you that these are absolutely comfortable and I can wear them without foot fatigue or pain. They are waterproof and look quite stylish as well. The only thing I would recommend changing on these boots is the lace hooks. I have never been a fan of those but that is a small and personal gripe and in no way affects the overall quality and comfort of this product. If I can wear these comfortably than I guarantee these will be excellent for you even if you have foot problems. I would recommend these boots to anyone who is looking for a truly comfortable and stylish boot.
B004PPLZEG Timberland Men's Waterproof Mid Hiking Boot These boots are okay, but I own several pairs of boots that are similar in design that are more comfortable for about the same price.  Caterpillar's and Harley Davidson Boots fit and feel better for the same price.
B004PZYM3C favorite boots I love these boots.  Brown was a little lighter than I expected but still look good.  wear dressed up or down.
B004Q01HZM Wrong color but a wonderful fit! These boots came just in time since my other boots were eaten by several rabid dogs. At first glance they were not the olive green i ordered, but a dark brown. I have no issue with this, brown is my orbital crest sign. Like many timberland boots these fit perfectly in relation to my normal sneaker size. I'm eyeballing the boots as i write this, they stare back...they're planning..i can honestly say this is the first time i don't trust to turn my back on a boot. People tend to think timberland is just a wholesome company, but i know what they're really about. Sentinel hybrid laces meant to protect the all knowing Chukka. I'm afraid it's too late to stop them. These boots tend to leave your mouth dry, craving a fine wine and cheese is often a side effect. Sleep with one eye open if you keep them in the bed room.
B004Q01HZM comfortable I have always admired boots, but never wanted one. However, the attractive design coupled with its comfort and colors won me over. This writer is very crazy about his first boots.
B004Q01HZM Cant go wrong with Timberlands I needed a pair of dressier boots and I always wear Timberland work boots so it seemed like the logical thing to do.  They were very well made and are very comfortable.
B004Q01HZM Just What I Wanted I was looking for a comfortable, casual boot that I could wear with jeans or khakis, and these fit the bill perfectly. They have a nice retro look. My wife thinks they look similar to lace-up roper boots. At first, I thought the arch was a little too high, but after a couple of hours of wearing them, I didn't notice it anymore and just noticed how comfortable they are. I read other reviews on other websites that said these boots are sized larger than normal. I would agree, but I decided I like the longer profile for a "fashion" boot. If I were buying actual hiking boots, I'd probably go a half size or full size smaller. But, if I were buying hiking boots, I wouldn't buy these. I think these will be great for bopping around the city, but if I were scrambling up a hiking trail, I would want something that was more heavy duty and specifically designed for that use. Amazon's price was 70 dollars cheaper than anywhere else I could find them, which was an added bonus!
B004Q01HZM Great boots These boots are great.  They are super well built and will last.They are also extremely comfortable and are also water resistant.The boots run small about 1/2 or 1 full size.
B004RKJ8CU A Good Sock not for Boots I purchased these for daily wear with boots.  They turned out a little thinner than I would have liked.  As someone who wears boots almost everyday for work I have found that a thicker sock works better.  These would be fine if you wear them as a secondary outer pair.  As an everyday sock with shoes these are be great.  They take a couple washings to soften up but are solid and fit well.  I would purchase these again.
B004RQ1GPG Love these boots!! **updated** Im a part home remodeler and builder.  I found myself wearing new balance gym shoes for their comfort.  i couldnt find a boot i really liked until these.from day one, these are hands down the most comfortable boots iver ever had on.  i really like that theres only one speed lace so going from off to on is very quick.  same with on to off.  i ordered the extra wide and they fit beautifully.  great price here on amazon too!i work full time as a firefighter/paramedic.  ill be buying the black pair for that job.did i mention these are amazing boots?**UPDATE**heres the catch, these boots are insanely bad in snow or ice.  much worse than any pair of boots ive had previous.  so if working in the cold outdoors is something you do, these boots arent for you.
B004RQ1N8Q Great Product Quality Boot that you can wear in any condition. Very comfortable Boots.  Durable enough to wear on the Job, yet Stylish enough to wear on job meetings as casual wear.  Would highly recommend these Boots.
B004RQ3GAE pocket recommended, feet approved Amazing boots, they fit great and are very comfortable. I didn't read the description all the way through, it was a surprise to find out they had a composite toe, which I hate, but in overall the boots are really good.
B004RQ3GAE feedback? here's what I think VERY COMFORTABLE!!! I'm in the aviation industry working as a line service technician and I tell you that these boots will def protect you from water and fuel spills. Oh and did I forget to mention that these boots are very comfortable? These boots are absolutely worth the buy!
B004TDWITU more mid calf boots I love how the boots look, the only thing is that the're to short  is more like mid calf boots,that's why I gave a 4 star... I'll give it a 5 star if the boots were a little more long...ohh and the boots from Timberland for toddlers are to narrow a little more wide will be perfect too... well anyway the boots are very cute...
B004TDWITU Great winter boots!!! I bought these for my 10 yr old daughter and she absolutely loves them. They are light, versatile, and last a long time. I very much recommend these boots.
B004WO3BIS Very Pleased. These are some very decent boots.  They have great quality.  These boots will hold up through anything! I would by this brand of boots again because they are worth every bit of the cost.
B004ZCE19U Great Boots These are great boots, I have a pair of standard timberland's and i just had to have these. Right out the box they are far more comfortable than the standard 6&#34; boot with no break in time at all. They do look a little different though because of the Helcor leather but all in all i really like these.Also you can't buy these in Europe so I took the chance and ordered them from amazon in the USA, I placed the order on Sunday night and the boots arrived on the Wednesday afternoon. I have trouble getting stuff shipped around the UK in that time let alone from across the atlantic. Well done Amazon!
B004ZCE19U These boots are fire :-) These Timberland boots fit and look perfect. My boots arrived in short time and in great condition...now I just need to get in shape to match the sexiness of my boots, because they are fire!
B004ZCE19U My favorite boots.  These are Awesome!!! These are by far the coolest Timberland boots i have ever owned.  I have had these boots for over a year now and they still look like brand new. The same great premium fit with a little extra cushion in the heel.  these boots will not scuff. The Helcor fabric is amazing.  There is only one thing i don't like and that is the laces.  The para cord gets weak and frays at the top eyelets where you tie them. This still isn't enough to effect my review, but an extra pair of laces would be nice when you spend $180.00 on boots.  Order a full size down from what you normally would.  they are made very big.
B004ZCE19U great boots really durbale I looked it up on youtube these boots and it is true what it says . These boots can withstand food stains, water , and don't get scratched at all! They fit comfortably and are great for casual wear and for the snow.
B004ZCE19U I'm Just a timberland man I've been buying timberland boots since 1978 the new design  of the boots is what I love about them.looks good on my feet
B004ZCE19U Wonderful boots. Superb fit and superior build quality. The boots are an art and yet so practical. You won't regret buying these boots.
B004ZCEVP4 Great boots for decent price I bought these when they dropped to $80, I actually got lucky. I love the boots, they are comfortable, (which is rare in boots) they look nice. The only complaints I have, is that they are a bit heavy, but you get used to it. Also the lacing on the boots are like the typical Timberland laces, which I dislike. Another thing is, these boots got scuffed pretty quick, within a week of wearing them, they have a scratch on the top of the toes area, and I take good care of my foot wear.Overall I am happy with this purchase. They are comfortable and would be great for working. I am using these for work and I do Customer Service, so I am using them as a dressy casual look.
B004ZCEVP4 You have to inspect them 1st! Delivery:Amazon delivered the boots real fast!  Good on Amazon.The boots:The outside of the boots looked great.  I wish they had another pair I could exchange with because I like the design.The fit was good.  I ordered 14D and they were just a smidgen larger than what I expected.  I wear a 14D Nike, 15D Adidas BTW.The Boots, the Bad:Chose to inspect the inside of the boot before taking them out to break them in.  There was a HUGE portion of the liner towards the toe of one of the boots that was NOT stitched together.  The material in between the liner and the leather (outside) was sticking through and with boots that will actually get used... this was a no go!The title holds my advice.  Inspect the product before wearing them outside.  You never know when you'll find an error in craftsmanship.
B004ZCEVP4 Timberland Boots My son works in trucking and needed new boots.. these are so well made and he loved them as work boots but also to wear with jeans. They are a bit heavy though..But he says they are great. so that is all that matters!
B004ZD1A4S Darn Good Hiking Boots!!!! It might be quite obvious how well I like these boots when I tell you these are the third pair I have purchased. Enough said.
B004ZD1A4S Very Comfortable These boots have great support and are very comfortable. I wear Timberland boots exclusively for the quality, fit and comfort.
B0054HM2UU Big disappointment; here's why.... I bought these boots 4 months ago with a leap of faith. Afterall, Timberland is a name you associate with the mid-level boot makers, not the top ones like Rocky, Georgia, Red Wing, etc. I foolishly felt like, given the high price tag (around 125.00)that maybe Timberland put a little extra effort into the making of this particular model. The shoe store I visited didn't have Rocky's or Red Wing's, so I went with the most comfortable, good looking boot I saw. These boots have a lot of cushion in them, making them very comfortable. My biggest problem with the boots was that the seams along the outer sides of the boots began unravelling about a month ago. Btw, I have wide feet and these were sized wide. Now these boots are pretty much useless and I'm going to have to buy a new pair (I'll find some Rocky boots, this time, because my experience with then has been a good one). I am a landscaper and I'm tough on boots, so if you want boots for walking and not necessarily working, then these might be fine for you. If you are tough on boots like I am, don't buy these boots. I'd go as far as saying, don't buy boots from lesser quality boot makers. The extra money you'll spend is worth it. I felt like I've flushed 125 dollars down the toilet, in my opinion because I expect to get at least a year out of a pair of boots.***UPDATE*** 9 months later...I ended up spending about 175 dollars on some Red Wing boots. They are a similar style to these Timberlines. I can tell you that the extra 45/50 bucks seems like a pittance considering how much, much nicer the Red Wings are. Believe me when I say, "if you can afford it, treat your feet right and buy from a good boot manufacturer". I can stand up for Georgia and Red Wing. Timberline, Wolverine, Brazzo?, Cat,,,,etc.....not so much. It truly makes a difference on how tired and sore your feet feel after a long day of hard working on your feet, and not to mention that instead of looking for a new pair of boots after 4 to 6 months, you should get well over a year on the nicer ones. I've heard stories of Red Wings lasting years. I'll get back to everyone after 18 months or so, but these Red Wings are nicer than any boots I've ever owned after 9 months.
B0054HM3YA Comfortable boot lacking some quality Plastic clips broke the first time i laced the boots up. Very cheap clips for the price of the boots. Other than that the boots are very comfortable. I love the anti fatigue boots. Helps alot if your standing all day
B00591UN48 Love these boots! Even though some people think they look like country boots... definitely not. They are stylish, comfortable and timeless. Definitely a must in your closet.
B00591UN48 boots are nice I've worn the boots a couple of times and they fit nicely.  I like healed boots, but I really appreciate those that I can wear on long days.  They are comfortable and I like wearing them with jeans.
B005973MPE Awesome boots BUT... I'll give the boots 5 stars because they're gorgeous BUT these suckers run extremely small and narrow !! I wear a size 8 1/2 but havd been buying 9s for years so gernerally I know my shoes will fit me...not these boots.  They are too tight and I have to send them back I'm sooo sad about it because I've been looking for these boots for over a year and when I finally find them, they don't fit me !! Buy them, you'll love them just make sure you buy them AS T LEAST 1 1/2 size bigger !!
B005A5YQ2S Great boots These are my first Timberland boots and I must say that they are very comfortable and the price wasn't to bad either.  I will be buying more.
B005A5YQ2S Boots are perfect, that's what I expected Shipping done as soon as possible, boots are that i expected. Size fits as expected. I haven not used it for long trips, but when i will do it, i think I will be happy that i brought this boots, not another
B005A5YQ2S Nice pair of boots I have done a few day hikes in these boots.  They are comfortable right out of the box with no break in required.  The fit was just right for my size and I had no issues with blisters etc.  I like the bottom tread a lot and I get a good grip when moving around on uneven surfaces.
B005A5YQ2S Excellent quality and fit i ordered a size 10 & 1/2. the boots came with two sets of laces( black/red). the fit was great, and the boots are very lite, remind me of sneakers more than boots. i love it.
B005APV766 Casual yet nice enough for work Great pair of boots. Very comfortable and they look good. Highly recommend these boots to anyone who wants to be comfortable without being too dressy.
B005I6Z4JI fitable but full of scratches These boots are fitable for me and good enough, but when I open the shoes' box, I found that there are too many scratches on the leather. It made amazed me because I think the new item should not crude like these. I hope these boots would durable in next winter. By the way, these boots are made in China.
B005I6Z4JI Quality product Boots are comfortable for the most part. The toe is tighter then I expected compaired to other boots that I have worn over the past 20+ years. Overall quality of the boots is above average, I really like the additional material on the toe, which will help to reduce excessive wear in that area.First time purchasing boots through Amazon and Elite Hero. Order was shipped quickly and delivered in a timely manner. Would purchase from this company again!!!
B005I6Z4JI timberland boots The boots are broken in right out of box. Use them for railroad work and for this they are rough on your feet. Possibly better for construction site if your not walking on gravel and big rocks all day.  Timberland boots have always worked well but this time I should have went with boots I have used in the past.
B005I72EKE Great boots I purchased these boots a few weeks ago they are very comfortable even being on your feet all day. I have had Timberlands before and they have lasted very well. We will have to wait and see if these hold as good as the others.
B005MI875U mens timberland boots very light well made boots and very comfortable,i am going to pick up some brown boots in the near future.
B005MI875U A good hiker boot My hiker boots fits well, and is a bargain for the price, I would recommend these boots to my friends.
B005MI875U Simply Great The boots were exactly as described - including the color. They are as comfortable to wear as sneakers. Have not had the chance yet to try them in snow. However, I have no doubt that they will work just as well. I would highly recommend these to anyone who's looking for a nice looking and comfortable pair of boots.
B005NKBWOU good boots I think that the price might be intimidating for some, but you do get your money's worth with these boots.
B005Y7T62W Excellent Quality Boots I bought these to replace a pair of boots I had good and worn in. I was somewhat reluctant to order without first trying them on, but with the other reviews raving about these boots I took the chance. These boot required no break in period. They felt like I had been wearing them for a while when I first put them on. When I first put them on, they felt somewhat narrow, but after walking in them for a few minutes, that went away. There is also enough room in the toe box to prevent cramped toes with thicker socks.
B006K6ZLW0 Very nice and comfortable It's very original version of Timberland Boots. For shure you will be in the center of your friends interest. As all Timberland's boots it is very comfortable.
B006T2YLPS Great Boots I install and service electronics on agricultural and construction equipment so I am constantly working in dirt, mud, and hydraulic fluid.  Previously I kept going through work boots every 9-12 months and so far have not found any boots that will last.  I have only had these boots for 3 months so I don't know how long they will last but they are the most comfortable work boots I have ever owned.  They only took 2-3 days to break in (previous red wings and Caterpillar boots took weeks to break in).  At first I was disappointed that these boots didn't have the finger loops at the top to help pull them on, then I realized that they have a flap on each side just for this purpose and I actually prefer it to the finger loops.Cons: Amazon lists sizes with both D and EE but when I received the boots the tag inside just lists as wide.  I ordered EE but these are not that wide, it took a few weeks for the leather to stretch to the width of my foot.The sole does not have as much grip as previous work boots I have had.  The tread is not as deep as I was expecting it to be.  I climb around on heavy equipment a lot and I rely on my boots to grab on to a small edge of metal to keep from falling off the machine, they are not as good in that department as I was hoping.I would and have recommended these boots to others looking for a good work boot.
B006T2YLPS Not this time........ I wear steal toe boots 12 hrs every day in the oil field industry . So you want to have the most comfortable & safest boots as possible . I've been wearing timberland boots for the past 5 yrs. and these boots are not comfortable at all! I can barley walk without shoes on cause of the bottom of my feet hurt so much from wearing these particular style of boots ! I still wear the older pair I have of timberland pro men's powerwelt Wellington boot , it's usually the style of boots I buy but tried this one and i regret it!!As far as safety it's not slip resistant at all! Very dangerous in the oil field !
B006T2Z940 Buy them if you like the style! I watched for two hours in these boots and feet felt great! Very comfortable, quality boots for the price. I would buy them again.
B006T2Z940 Sore feet new boots The fit was expected and the quality is as good as wolverine boots. I am not use to slip-on boots yet but they are not bad.
B006T2Z940 Nice boots, bigger than they look though Ordered these because well I needed new work boots to replace the Timberland Pro's I bought from Sears that aren't carried any longer. These are quite comfy but I've only been wearing them about a week and a half, wish they had them in black but the shop environment is taking care of the dye process for me just fine. They are big boots and run a tad large, I wear 10.5 and these aren't true to size, maybe its because of the composite two but the good thing is my feet aren't moving around in them. So far so good, if anything changes - for the better or worse - I'll try to update if I can get round to it.
B006T2Z940 Great Boots These boots are comfortable rite out of the box, No break in at all. Very light weight work boots. Definetly worth the money.
B006T2Z940 Timberland boots These are a real nice pair of boots, I give them 4 stars since they don't have any padding at the top of the boot where it meats your leg and makes it sore for the first month of wearing them.
B006T2Z940 Great price for comfort I brought these boots for my hubby. He loves the fit & comfort of his new work boots. His only complaint is that because of being quite new the upper part of boot rubs against his leg.
B006T2Z940 Best price in cyber space- Great boot WOW! Purchased these boots from amazon for $66 and some change. Looked online at many other sellers and no one came close to this price. After wearing boots I ordered a second pair. Price to good to pass up. And if you signup to get sales ad's via email you get 20% off a one time purchase, more savings. Out of the box boots felt great,they are well made and very comfortable.  Hope to get a lot of life and comfort from these boots. Great deal!
B006T307QE new boots A  size 10 with a 3E width would have been better but so far I like the boots. They are very comfortable and look good too.
B006T307QE thick tongue Nice boots. Although the left boot is really hurting my foot near the top of the tongue. I have to wear the boots very loosely. How long should it take to break these boots in? I wish the timberlands I've worn for the past 5 years were still on the market.
B006T307QE Nice Boots I work in construction and the boots I used to get from Timberland were discontinued so I decided to try these. When I first started to where these I was not pleased with the fit seem to tight or the tongue was digging into the top of my foot. I figured out that I had pulled the laces to tight. After loosening the laces I was very pleased with the fit and feel.These are comfy and cushy boots and they are a little more bulky than regular work boots. They took a little getting used too but I am very pleased with them. They are very water proof too, I occasionally just rinse them off with the hose while wearing them.
B006T307QE Love the boots so far. Real quick and simple. I like the boots.  They are light waterproof and have kept my feet warm in this pretty cold winter.  No frozen toes here.  I personally would recommend them to anybody. Also i like that they come with 2 pairs of laces. 1 blue 1 black. So for a pair of boots you even get a choice.Now the bad! And the sad part it isn't even the boots.  Amazon shipping sucks!  Sorry but have to vent this.  Waited over 3 weeks to get these in.  Called amazon, said they were shipped.  They lied. Blamed the carrier. When after all was said and done admitted fault after lying.  Not a fan of being lied to. thanks amazon. the 5 stars are for the product. 0 stars for delivery!
B006T307QE Comfortable Buy far the most comfortable work boots I've had. From day one they felt broken in. Amazon price was great. My company pays for my boots and they were happy to pay less than the last 2 I bought.
B006T30U8E Love Timberland First of all the leather is soft and it feels really comfortable when you wear them, unlike other boots that i ownedThe 4 hooks at the top of the boots is really a awesome design, one of the thing I really hated about wearing boots is that sometimes it can be tedious and frustrating to take them off, with these hooks its really easy to take off your boots.Definitely recommended
B006T30U8E Good work boots Have to wait and see how they hold up for a working foreman on road construction crew; cheaper boots had his feet in pain.
B006T31UWE The Best Boots Ever: Guaranteed! I bought my first pair of Barstow's to help my feet with plantars facistis. I was amazed at the instant relief while walking in these boots. They are more comfortable that any other shoe I own. As long as I buy boots I will continue to buy these boots. I could sell these boots because I believe in them that much.
B006T32HGC Comfortable out of the box Wore them for the first time today. I'm not using them for work boots. They are my camping and hiking boots. We are in the Coastal Redwoods. So I wore them on the beach and trails today. The are very sturdy with good traction. And they fit great!
B006T32HGC good boots period!!! Really comfortable boots, but does run 1/2 size bigger. I work in manufacturing and this boot holds its own in every situation.
B006T32HGC Great boots! My first Timberland Pro boots did not disappoint. Very comfortable, stylish, light weight and rugged. Exactly what I wanted in a boot.
B006T32HSK Pure Comfort Most comfortable boots I have worn. Arrived as scheduled. I'm afraid to order a pair of boots based on normal sizing so I found these in a shoe store and tried them on first.
B006T32TKG Awesome boots I work outside through the winter snow plowing and these boots made my life a lot easier.....I sincerely enjoyed wearing them and everyone who sees me in them thinks I paid twice what I did.......Understandable since these boots are 260.00 bucks on timberland official website........If your looking for a great pair of boots ........these are it.....
B006T32TKG Boots are unique The boots are great i recomend strongly its more than expected and are  uniques very comfortable for all type of work
B006T32TKG Great boots! I work outside at night in the Midwest,  these boots are comfortable and warm. I'll see how long they last as the Railroad eats boots!
B006ZGV4C6 Stylish boots with Timberland quality! Beautiful boots and very comfortable wear all day long.  The one thing I look for most in reviews is sizing info.  I wear between a 6 1/2 and 7 almost always  depending upon the brand.  The 7 was perfect.  Another reviewer mentioned that she was normally a 6 1/2 and needed a 7 1/2, but not the case for me.  These are stylish and functional too.
B006ZGV4C6 Gorgeous boots. These boots are pretty comfortable and very stylish, especially with skinny jeans and leggings.  I wore them to a New Year's Eve party and received many compliments.
B006ZGV4C6 Timberland boot I got these boots for Christmas and they are definitely true to size. the most comfortable boots I have ever worn plus very stylish, have hundreds of compliments on them.  Love them!
B006ZGV9LM High Quality Boots Fits according to size chart.Beautiful boots love the finish and colorI will have these boots for a long long time
B006ZGV9LM Excellent Boots TImerland boots have always fit me well.  These boots are extremely comfortable and were priced right.  Great value.  Thanks Timberland.
B006ZGV9LM Awesome boots! Love these boots. Will likely get in another color. So comfortable for heeled boots. Quality craftsmanship. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice pair of boots.
B006ZGV9LM Gorgeous and very comfortable I had been searching for the perfect boot for years.  I finally found this boot, which I actually had reservations about at first due to the heel height.  I was extremely excited when I received the box on my doorstep, opened it, tried the boots on, and OH MY Goodness!  The boots fit perfectly and actually are comfortable.  The heel feels VERY comfortable, as if it was made with the sole of a tennis shoe...very light and springy.  I highly recommend buying this boot, even if you may be worried about the heel height...it's worth it.  And for those of you with high arches, which I have, these boots just about support it... almost...but so much better than so many boots I've tried.
B006ZGV9LM Fabulous boots! I bought these for my 18 year old daughter, who usually takes a size 6.5 or 7 and has very narrow feet, and her legs are on the narrow side, too.  After reading all the reviews, I opted for the 7.5 M.  The boots arrived today and my daughter couldn't be happier.  The boots fit her very well and from what I can see she'll be able to wear them with almost any weight of sock.  The boots are sturdy without being chunky and, although they're generally classic in appearance, they have a little bit of interest going on (the plait in the back and the two &#34;layers&#34; in the shaft) without all of the hardware that's on some boots, which is not to my taste.  These boots are gorgeous and will look great with everything!  Also, because of the construction of the sole, the boots are easy to walk in.  And, even with international shipping, I think the price was very reasonable.
B006ZGV9LM Great Boots Love these boots. Fit perfectly. I would recommend these boots. They are very comfortable. I get many complements on them.
B006ZGV9LM Glad I read the reviews! Just after purchasing these gorgeous, rugged boots, I read the reviews. They run small? NOOO!!!! I quickly canceled my order and reordered a half size bigger. They're Perfect! As soon as I wore them to work, I received compliments from everyone. These boots are so nice and comfortable, I'm glad I went with Timberland. I had a pair before, and literally wore them until the laces came out! All I did was google weather-resistant boots, and I was amazed that something so rugged could still look so sexy. Thanks for carrying these, Amazon!
B006ZGV9LM Perfect boots! I was very reluctant to purchase boots online without trying them on first.  But after reading some of the reviews of others who purchased them I decided to go ahead and take a chance.  Wow am I glad I did.  These boots are gorgeous!  It's not often I can find boots in wide width so I was so glad these came in wide width and they fit perfectly.  I cannot believe how comfortable these boots are. I read someone's review that said she could run in these boots - well I agree completely.  Seriously the most comfortable boots I've ever owned.  I cannot wait to try out other styles from Timberland.  They have a customer for life!
B006ZGV9LM Great boots! I've been searching for a pair of black wedge leather boots for a while, and came across these on Amazon. I have a pair of ankle boots from TImberland and they're very durable shoes so I was happy to find a stylist pair of kneelength boots from Timberland. I live in the city, so I walk around a lot and I needed something comfortable and well-made. These boots are perfect and they look great with skinny jeans.At first I wasn't too sure about the rubber heel cap on the boot in terms of style, but it actually makes it really comfortable since it absorbs shock. My heels don't get as tired when walking for a long time. The leather is a little hard at first, but after wearing it a few times it definitely becomes more comfortable. The first time I put them on, it took me a while to pull them off since the zip doesn't go all the way to the top. But this becomes easier with more wear.I love the cut of the boot - it's casual  but still looks very stylish. They are definitely worth the price because they're good quality boots.
B006ZGZ9RM New Boots I definetly like the boot, they were a little snug and pinched my right baby toe. But hey one of our sides is bigger than the other right?I believe I will continue to enjoy my boots, My first time was wearing them yesterday, so I know I have more breaking in to do.
B006ZIGRXA My favorite boots I have a variety of boots but these are the best! I live in Vermont so lots of snow, mud and rain. I've been wearing these for the last 3 months and I love them! They're light weight, comfortable and waterproof! The calf area is very roomy so you can tuck your jeans in them. They also look great with dress/skirts.Updated: Sept 12, 2013: I recently pulled these boots out for a girl's night out (it was cold, 30 degrees). They're still in great condition after wearing them almost every day last winter. The quality of these boots are amazing, no tears, all stitching still in place and no visible stains. I have a pair of Frye boots that looks amazing but I rarely wear them because they don't have the grip that these have and they're much heavier. I highly recommend these boots, stylish, comfortable and functional!
B006ZIGRXA Comfortable! I needed a pair of boots to wear in Germany and Austria at Christmas.  I have a hard time finding shoes and boots that fit my wide foot and still looking stylish.  I wore these stomping all over Berlin and Innsbruck and they were great.
B006ZIGRXA Thrilled with these boots Earlier in the year I got some Timberland Holly boots but ended up using them daily here on the farm so they were not always mud free to wear so I got treated to these boots and I am thrilled with them I am just wearing them in so they are a little stiff.  The fit, colour and quality are amazing, I love the details on these boots and the bonus is they are waterproof and I should imagine like my other Timberland boots will clean up like new.  These were an amazing price too!
B006ZIGRXA Absolutely love these boots!! The boots arrived quickly and in excellent condition. I absolutely love these boots. They are very comfortable and stylish. I was looking for a waterproof boot with style and these boots fit the bill and at a great price. I order the wide width to allow room for a heavier stocking for comfort and was glad I did. These boots are from Timberland's Earth keepers collection. Eco-Conscious Materials for Smaller Environmental Footprint. I would definitely recommend these boots. Thank you Timberland for making these beautiful boots and Amazon for the customer service, quick shipping and awesome packaging. Jane
B006ZIGRXA Really like these boots Just as others have said in reviews, it's best to order 1/2 to 1 size bigger.  I have flat feet so I needed an insert but other than that I really love these boots.
B006ZIGRXA GREAT BOOTS I LOVE THESE BOOTS, GET COMPLIMENTS EVERY TIME I WEAR THEM. THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND STURDY. EVERYONE LOVES THEM.
B006ZIGRXA Great Boots These were the perfect boots that I have been searching for years. I have wide calf's and no regular boots fit plus I am size 5. So its really hard for me to find boots period. When I put these boots on they fit perfect. They are super stylish, durable, and comfortable.
B006ZIGRXA Good boots=happy happy These are beautiful well crafted boots.  High quality materials and I love the color.  The fit is stiff out of the box, but since I have been wearing them the leather is easing out nicely.  I wear them with good boot socks.  I feel so lucky to get these gorgeous boots at such a great price.  They get compliments every time they go out. ; )
B006ZIGRXA Fit perfectly. Love these boots! Fit great, comfortable. Good quality.  These boots are waterproof so I am sure I will be enjoying them for many years to come!
B006ZIGSYS great boots Look just like the picture and the fit is to size.  I recommend these boots for both in door and out doors
B006ZIGSYS Great looking hiking boots!!! I bought these boots to wear with my wedding dress. They were perfect for the 3.8 mile walk/hike that we took to get out to our destination spot. Now I wear them with jeans all the time.
B006ZIGYVU Comfortable, stylish boots I just got these boots from Amazon, and right out of the box I knew they were keepers.The leather is really beautiful, though perhaps the color is not quite as warm as that shown in the website image. Perhaps because of that, the color of the wooden heel stood out to me more in person than online, too, but I got used to it pretty quickly. I get compliments on these boots every time I go out. The thing people usually notice is the strap that goes across the laces at the top - haven't really seen too many boots with this.In terms of the sizing, I stuck is the normal width, even though I have a wide foot. I have another pair of Timberlands that I did the same with, so I knew from experience that the initial snugness I felt would go away after a day or so. I can wear these with medium-thick socks and be completely comfortable. Love these boots!!
B006ZIT6QA Mostly great with a dash of  so-so construction. I loved these boots when I first saw them online. I eyed them for ages last fall, and finally made the splurge. They are really a great-looking pair of boots; you can lace them all the way up, halfway up, remove the laces, whatever style floats your boat. I'm huge into comfort, and these definitely are a comfortable pair of boots right out of the box. You might be wondering why I gave the 3-star review! The reason is for the subpar construction of the "leather" upper. I added a photo to show you what I mean. I am generally pretty gentle on shoes. I'm one of those people whose years-old Uggs look pretty freaking brand-new. I had only worn these boots a couple of times and somehow managed to scuff the front of the boot beyond repair. I have no recollection of scuffing it at all, so it's beyond me how it happened. Needless to say, I am disappointed in Timberland's workmanship - especially for the price of these boots. If only the materials were a little higher quality, these would be much more worth the cost.
B006ZITF7U Boots These boots are gorgeous but they are a little challenging to get on, then once on, they are very tight, VERY tight
B006ZITF7U Beautiful boots, super comfy and tough as nails I bought these for my wife and she absolutely loves them (she picked them out).  She's got other Timberland boots and shoes and they all look great and last like crazy.  Very pleased.
B006ZITOOY I  love these boots! Extremely well made,  comfortable,  fit perfectly,  and look great! This is my second pair of Timberland  boots and have not been even slightly disappointed. I  would  highly recommend Timberland
B006ZIV6PY Fantastic boots! I was so excited when I saw and ordered these boots - the most I have ever spent on a pair of shoes but fell in love with them.  I was anxious that they wouldn't fit right as I usually am with tall boots having big calves, but they fit great!!!  The lace ups allow me some extra room. I smile every time I put them on!
B006ZJ2ZUI Wonderful!!!!! I love these boots, they are the ones I put on most often, especially for walking my dog.  It has been a tough winter and I am glad I bought these boots.
B006ZJ2ZUI Great boots! Love these boots! They are exactly as described. Not more wet feet!! Just quickly wipe off the mud and go.
B006ZJ2ZUI Bright, cheerful boots for a rainy day I love these boots! Bought a pair for my college daughter and decided to get a pair for myself when they were marked down yet again. Fit true to size and perfect with skinny jeans or leggings. They are not the most flexible boots in the world, so I wouldn't necessarily recommend walking around for hours in them, but they are comfortable enough for rubber boots, serve their purpose, and are fun to wear.
B006ZJ39IA Great Hiking Boots - Timberland Women's Chocorua These boots are incredibly comfortable and warm. They don't make your feet sweat and the color is so neutral you can wear them with anything. The detailing is classy and the boots are rather lightweight so you can stay in them all day long.
B006ZTTV1O Beautiful Boots Timberland makes solid boots, I wear these for walking, work and riding the motorcycle. Just what I needed!I ordered my normal size, and they are a little long, but if I sized down, they would be too narrow. But they feel fine and that's just me.They are a little hot because they are black boots and it's the middle of summer and they are only waterproof to a couple inches, the elastic gore lets some moisture in. If you're doing construction or something, do yourself a favor and get steel toes, but overall these are great boots. My girlfriend says that they look very sexy and I am very comfortable*editthey're nice but not the best materials or build quality
B006ZTTV1O Great boots but where are the shoe laces? I like everything about these boots. They fit great and do not need any break in time. Plus they are not heavy and easy to walk in. My only disappointment is that they arrived without any shoelaces. Would have given it 5 staris except for that. The price for the boots seems to change quite a bit but whatever you pay these boots are worth it.
B006ZVM90M Great boots! I am in love with these boots. They are very warm and very comfortable. I haven't had any issues with water leaking through seams or anything - completely waterproof so far. The only VERY MINOR downside for me is that my feet are partially flat, so if I am walking for a long period of time, sometimes the arch area of my foot will get a little sore, but that seems to be going away the more I wear the boots. The lace up feature is great for people who have issues finding boots to fit their calves well. I am also 5'9 and these boots aren't anywhere near knee-high on me, but I prefer that! These boots also don't have the sagging in the ankle area that a lot of other boots have. I am in downtown Chicago all week and these definitely hold up to Chicago winters and lots of mileage.
B006ZVT856 Very light and comfy These boots are very lights and comfortable for walking. I really enjoy it but my feet are a little wide so the shape of the boots changed a little. I recommend these boots
B0070SHSGE Very comfortable I find these very comfortable and hoping for the same durability I get from their boots. That said, there's really nothing to complain about.
B0070SU4GK Sized right These boots fit right out of the box. No break-in! Extremely comfortable and light weight. Good looking!  Would recommend in a heart beat!
B0070SU4GK Timberland Boots They are a stylish and attractive pair of boots.  They are very comfortable. The leather is soft which makes them easy to wear for long periods of time.
B00710TZM6 Disappointed in these boots I am a woman that was trying to get these boots because most womens boots are for women that pretty much do nothing but maybe shop! I have a farm and needed a pair of boots for the chores I do. I wear a womens 7, which transfers to a youth 5. This is my first pair of Timberland and I am disappointed in them and really should have sent them back for a refund. No support in footbed area and feel pretty cheaply made. Plus, for being a boys' boot, they are very narrow. I have a small foot, but I do like a little room for my feet to breathe.I did put an insole in and will pretty much just use these boots for light yard work.
B00711UNWG Great present Purchased these for my son's birthday. He is in love with these boots!  He always wanted some taller black boots like military guys wear. That's not easy to find in kids sizes and still know I'm buying a well made boot. He is pleased he has the wool inside his boots!!
B0072AE45S Fake Workboots, good normal use boots These timberlands are designed to look like the classic timberland oxford or 6 inch boots but do remember these are their chukka boots. The materials are less durable. The sole is more rubbery. The line between the leather and the sole is not stitched in like high quality boots. That layer is just plastic formed to look like stitching. It is just held together with glue. The real tell tell sign is the weight difference.However, I did not buy these for work, I bought them for winter snow. For this purpose they are perfect.I noticed timberlands sometimes run big on some of their models. I would say get half a size smaller.I gave them 4/5 because it lacks the quality i expected from timberland. The leather on these look the same as work boots, but they do not feel identical. Something feels lacking in these. They are good boots, but keep in mind there is areason these are cheaper. These are their casual boots.
B0072AFBKK I'm loving these boots Lighter than normal Timberlands.  The price was good and these boots are easy to shine up.  I need two more pairs
B0072NQFGQ Great boots I am a pipe welder, these boots hold up to oil and heat.  I step on hot metal all the time that normally melt the soles if other boots. I have been buying these boots for years. They do take a bit to break in though. I suggest long socks. they rub the side of my calf but doesn't take long to soften up.
B0077635G6 talk about one comfortable boot: i am a furniture maker and master carpenter so most of my life has been spent on my feet. these boots are the most comfortable boots i have ever worn.we will see as time go on wearing them but i want to order another pair right now. thanks amazon for the good price.
B00777OUQY best boots high cuality The first time i put them on it felt like a confortable boot I recomend to all that travels very amaizing boots very good looking
B007782V1O boots are rock hard and very uncomfortable boots are rock hard and very uncomfortable boots are rock hard and very uncomfortable boots are rock hard and very uncomfortable
B007782V1O Good quality I try not to buy shoes or clothing online but in this case, I was very pleased. The boots were soft and not damaged, came fast and easy (haha). I love these boots and they lasted the whole winter without any problems.
B007782V1O Great boots! I'm loving them! Loved this pair of boots the moment I received them.  It's soft, fits just right (though I ordered one size bigger thanks to previous reviews) and no breaking in required.  Very well constructed boots, I'm sure they'll take me a long way.
B007784JI2 Great boots Love these boots, They feel good and fit true to size. I am looking forward to dealing with the upcoming winter with my new boots, still too early for a full product review, but good for now.
B007784WSO very satisied with this product These boots were great and did exactly what i wanted. My work environment requires me to walk over slippery and wet conditions, sometimes icey. These boots have good grip and are very warm. The price was decent as well. Comparable boots would have been 50$ more at a shoe/department store.They are not very stylish but sometimes need outweighs fashion.
B0077SY810 Comfortable and Durable These boots fit my boyfriend perfectly! He is a size 15 and said that these are the most comfy pair of boots he has ever had.
B0077SY810 Solid boots I ordinarily wear a size 10 and after some research decided to order a half-size lower; the 9.5 M fit me wonderfully. These boots felt extremely comfortable from the get-go. The side-zip is stylish and makes for easy access both on and off. Overall, the boots look amazing and are very well-crafted. To boot, they are not too heavy nor too light. You can always trust Timberland for high-quality footwear and these boots are exactly what I was looking for.
B0077SY810 Quality Boots This is my 2nd pair of timberland earthkeeper zip boots.I still have my first pair which I have had for 16 months and wear almost every day.These are by far the best boots I've ever owned.Believe me I wear the heck out of them but they don't fall apart like other boots I've bought.These boots have a stitched sole that holds together.They are comfortable and very well made,and look great.To me they are worth every penny.The side zipper is great at the end of a long day.Love these boots.
B007EFDGJQ Nice boots Boots fit nicely a little big for the size but feel good. Boots were comfortable right out of the box. I walk a lot for my job. Seem like they should hold up for a long time. Only time will tell now.
B007EFDTSY Beware of Cheap Leather! With light station duty use over a few weeks, the leather on these boots is cut and scraped more than any boots I have ever owned (including previous Timberlands that I wore for several years!).  The boots are comfortable and light.  The composite toe is not uncomfortable. I recommend a wide size, if you don't have very narrow feet.  The boots must be pretty loose for the side zip to work.  Price was really good, but they look pretty shabby now.
B007TGA2JM Exceeded my expectations I am so glad I bought these boots.  They are the most comfortable boots I've ever worn.  I really love everything about them.  They are sturdy, well made, and they look kinda sexy with shorts.  Great boot.  Highly recommend this to anyone considering this product.
B007TGA2JM Fantastic pair of boots. I was afraid with the long laces that it would take a long time to lace up and get this boots on my feet. On the contrary, now that I've worn my boots a few times, it takes less than a minute to get ready, and the fit is perfect! I love the design, the color and structure of these boots.
B007TGA2JM Great Boots My wife wanted tall flat boots for Christmas from a standard clothes store, however, to me what she was asking for looked cheap and unlikely to holdup long.  Instead, I purchased these boots on a whim and although they were completely not what she expected in style, once she tried them on with jeans and looked at herself in the mirror she was hooked.  These are great boots that fit true to size.  I would recommend these to other husbands who want to go out on a limb and buy clothing for their wife.
B008N7GT9I real nice These were better than I expected. Real lightweight and not to high with the mid cut. Very good quality and I'm finding out that Timberland boots are very well made. I have a few other types of Timberland boots and they are all very well made. Will continue to by from this manufaturer.
B008TM6ESS GREAT BOOTS! These Boomtown boots are superior to any boots I've worn in the past 10 years. I was skeptical at first but as soon as I put them on, I was in heaven. It's like walking on air, and I spend 10+ hours a day on a concrete slab floor. Very satisfied.
B008TM6ESS perfect boots i wish timberland made more pro series boots in size 16. very comfortable and very good looking. i recommend them for everyone.
B008TNCG6Q NICE BOOTS BOOTS ARE PERFECT FOR TRAVEL. NOT FOR VERY COLD WEATHER. TAKE VERY LITTLE ROOM. LIGHT WEIGHT.I LIKE MY BEAUTIFUL BOOTS
B008VPU0GK Shoe Fit 1st order recieved had two different sizes of boots with some scuffed up marks.  I received the replacement boots two days later.  The replacement boots came with the correct size but one of the boots had a cut on the toe of the boot.  I contacted Amazon and described my situation and they overnighted the third pair of boots to me.  These boots were the correct size and had no visible damage to them.  If you are trying to receive an undamaged pair of boots within a certain time frame for a specific event I would stay away from purchasing these pair of boots.  That being said the speedy shipment of the replacement boots I recived was very nice, I just felt it should not of taken three different shipments to receive what I was ordering.
B008VPU0GK Amazing boot I tried to find these boots in local stores but nobody had them, including the Timberland Outlet. I decided to order them without having seen them in person or tried them on based on what others were saying about the fitment. I wear size 13's, so I decided to go with the 2E version because I was hoping to have some extra space. I didn't think that I had a wide foot, but the boot fits great!True story... when the package arrived, I thought it was far too light to be my boots so I assumed it was another item I ordered. Low and behold, the box contained my boots. I swear these things weigh less than my DC skater shoes!They are incredibly comfortable to wear. I was always reluctant to get a pair of Tim's because I hated how heavy and clunky they were. I decided to go with these based on the fact that they're hiking boots. While I really won't be doing much hiking in them, I do plan to wear them whenever I ride my motorcycle. Have zero issues with using any of my foot controls on the bike.I have not gotten to try them out in any kind of inclement weather so I cannot speak to the tread. But they are a great casual boot that I can wear on the bike, then head into the office and wear all day.I would certainly recommend these to potential buyers!!
B008VPU0GK Great Boots This is the first pair of Timberland boots I've owned.  I usually find hiking boots too heavy and cumbersome, but these are really lightweight.  The sole is rugged but not weighty.  The first time I wore them, I spent the day in a mall, of all places!  There are so comfortable I could have been wearing sneakers.
B00910UVGS SLIP ON BOOTS( TIMBERLAND) BOOTS DID NOT FIT. RETURNED. THE WIDTH WAS TO TIGHT FOR ME. COULDN'T GET THE BOOT ON. WOULD BUY AGAIN IF THEY HAD WIDER SIZES.
B0091HKWHY My usual brand This brand of boots has served me well.  I only wish that I could get the boots I want in a 12.5 size.
B009OL2L94 timberland teddy fleece boots Love my boots, they are so light I can barely tell I have on any boots. I went and ordered another pair in black that's how much I loved them.
B009OL2L94 Great boots Incredible goot quality boots.This was a present and she loved them.She find them the most comfortable boots  to wear.
B009OL2L94 l love these boots My.absolute favorite pair of boots now!! Great for Buffalo winter weather.  Shipping was fast. Price was right. Very happy with these boots
B009PNJW5C Ok Boots These boots are comfortable, it dont really like the look but I will still wear them. I prefer the regular Timberland its more decent. Maybe its just me
B009QAREA4 Durable Boots These boots are very durable. They were made to definitely handle the toughest winter weather. I would recommend these boots.
B009R9EJ3E Very comfortable, need a bit of trimming I bought these to for my size 9W 6&#34; Palisade work boots. They needed a bit of trimming on the sides and front to fit in a size 9, though they are sized for 8 and 9. Other than that, they are very very comfortable and made my 1 1/2 year old boots feel like new. Timberland should put these in their boots from the factory...
B00AQMB9O8 Timberland Boots These boots are very sturdy.  They are made from leather and suede and also have a slip resistant sole which is great for playtime.I would definitely recommend these boots.  Functional as well as very trendy!
B00AR1XL2G Nice boots! This boots are great work boots.  I did have to add some inserts but once broken-in they fit great.  I have been wearing them a few month and they show very little wear and tear.  I would definitely buy these again.
B00AR4HHNW Super beautiful boots My daughter is very happy with these boots. Boots are beautiful, warm and well made. Try to size. Fur is beige.
B00AW7M97S Awesome Boots!!! These boots are very nice quality, well made and good looking, however they do run on the narrow side. The leather is soft and pliable enough that they will break in after a few wearings. As much as I like the boots I would send then back and order the C width but I threw away the box. Other than that, everything about them is high quality right down to the metal zipper, I think Timberland did a good job on these boots. That is why I rated them 5 stars not Timberlands fault I didn't order the wider width.
B00AW7M97S Beautiful looking, great fit and confortable boots. I have give 5 starts because of the quality of the boots. The boots look great!! Much better than in the picture. They fit good, although I have to wear them with tick sucks. I wear this boots almost every day with jeans, skirts, mini-skirts and even short pants. They just go with everything. I have many compliments on them also.
B00AW7M97S Must have Very comfortable and stylish.  Definitely a must have.  I only wear Timberland boots and I'm always satisfied with the quality.
B00AW7M97S Well worth the money These boots are beautiful and will stand out in a crowd. The fit is a bit snug the first time you put them on but they expand pretty quickly. Once I adjusted the laces I now just zip on and off these boots with ease.
B00AW7M97S beautiful, high quality boots. colour descriptions sketchy I got these boots in both black and brown. I'll start out by saying that the boots are beautiful and high quality, and the price amazon is selling them for is pretty great compared to other retailers. I did get blisters the first time I wore them, but the broke in quickly, and after that they have been perfectly comfortable. Regarding the size - it's true, these boots DO run narrow. I have never bought a wide shoe/boot before, but I decided to buy the wide size based on all the reviews saying they are super narrow. I am definitely happy that I did - even with the wider size, the boots are still pretty tight in the width. However, I do think that they are true to size in the length - I disagree with some reviewers who say they are small overall. Overall, I love the boots and I would give the product itself 5 stars, if it weren't for the experience that went along with buying it.The major problem with these boots is that Amazon doesn't seem to care whether or not they are shipping out the colour that you order. I received the wrong colour, and when I contacted Amazon, they acted unsurprised (clearly it's happened before). To their credit, they offered to return the boots, and they apologized. But I actually wanted the boots in the colour I ordered - so I asked, if I re-ordered the item, would I actually receive the colour of boots that I ordered? And despite multiple inquiries with different customer service agents, they would not assure me that I would receive the colour that I ordered! For an online company, this just doesn't make any sense. I guess the point is that you get what you pay for - if you have time to do returns and re-orders, and spend time on the phone with customer service trying to get what you actually ordered, then  the cheaper price on Amazon is totally worth it. Otherwise, I'd say pay the extra bit of money to buy these boots from Zappos instead.
B00AW7M97S Favorite fall/winter boots! Loved the fit and and look of this boot so much in brown, I had to get it in black. These boots will probably be my favorites long past the time I've worn holes in the soles.
B00AW7M97S Cool boots Great boots; love 'em!  Have had a couple weeks now and have received a compliment.  Nice leather and comfortable enough right out of the box.
B00AW7M97S Favorite Boots I ordered a 10 wide and the boot was still a little tight. Good thing I have the wooden shoe stretchers that I put in the boots overnight and made them fit better faster. They stretch pretty quickly and go with a lot of different clothing, I love these boots
B00AW7RBGC JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR These are great boots. I bought a half size up and am pleased that I did because I wear heavy socks with these boot. The boots are comfortable and stylish. These are my first Timberland boots but due to such good quality I will look at their products in the future.
B00AW7RBGC Great boots! My first time buying Timberlands, but won't be my last!  Right out of the box these felt like a well broken in favorite old pair of boots. Nothing but good things to say about these- looks like these will last forever because of the quality!
B00AW7RBGC Very comfortable boots Based on reviews here and elsewhere, I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal. These were comfortable right out of the box. Normally boots need a breaking-in period but not these. Time will tell if they hold up well but first impression is very good.
B00AW7RBGC Timberland boots These boots fit wonderfully.  They are comfortable enough to wear all day and I have had several compliments on them.
B00AW8HF9Y Cheap, tight, short, absolutely horrible boots Boots are my favorite shoes. I am curvy and wear a lot of skirts. I like boots to be classy and comfortable. I was very dissapointed with Timberland. You pay more in Europe for this brand but the quality is not questionable. These boots look cheap, more like a good looking pair of rain boots than leather, are tight on the calf and wide at the ankle, stiff as a board, and short for my 5'5 height.Do not recommend it!
B00AW8J5RE My new favorite boots These boots are amazingly comfortable and have a beautiful color in person! I certainly recommend these to anyone who couldn't find them directly on the Timberland site.
B00AW8JG9G well made, high quality I am very picky when it comes to leather, and the leather on these boots is very nice. They are very comfortable too. I must have looked at around 100 pairs before deciding on these. The only other frontrunner was a pair by Frye, but I didnt want to spend that much. Amazon had these boots at a great price...as I saw them for twice the price at my favorite fitness apparel store. Buy these!!
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful Boots I almost always wear a size 9 and will with these boots, but they are just a little loose compared to other boots I own. I love the color, the quality and the style and am wearing them with everything.
B00AW8JG9G Money well spent! Great boots! I didn't have to break them in, they are very soft. Love these boots! They are very comfortable for my wide feet and large calfs:)
B00AW8JG9G Just get them! I love, love, LOVE these boots!  I have a different style of Timberland boots that I really liked and decided to get these boots based on that positive experience. I have a narrow foot and small calves, and the Timberland boots seem to cater more to my size, which is not easy to find in similar boots. My older Timberland boots are lined with faux shearling, and I went up a size (from 8.5 to 9) in those to allow for a heavy sock, but based on the reviews here, I went with my normal 8.5 size and they fit perfect with a medium weight wool sock. These boots are so comfortable that I don't want to take them off!  I have even walked up to 2 miles at a time in them with no discomfort whatsoever. These boots are the best!  If in doubt, get them. I bet you won't regret it!  The leather is soft and scratches easily, but I treated them with Sno Seal beeswax, and that seems to help keep them from scuffing so easily. However, I like the distressed look, so not a big deal to me. Love the dark brown color. Timberland makes a good product and worth the money.
B00AW8JG9G Great Walking boot I bought these boots in a bit of a rush, as my old boots had worn out and i was headed to NY for Christmas vacation. I received a very pleasant surprise when I received these boots, they are a perfect fit, with just enough room to allow for wearing a winter weight sock. I walked all over Manhattan in these boots, and my feet never complained once. They look great, and are very easy to get in and out of. One word of prevention though, be sure to pre-treat the leather before you venture out into the salt and slush, as my boots did develop salt stains that I had to rub out. Not a fault of the boot, of course, but I left in a rush and did not pre-treat them. I'd by these again in a NY minute !
B00AW8JG9G LUV these boots! LUV these boots! Very impressed with quality! They have a real work boot look to them! Fit was great! Ordered my normal size 9!
B00AW8JG9G So comfortable! These boots are my absolute favorite boots I have ever purchased.  They are so comfortable as I can wear them all day and my feet feel terrific!  The leather is gorgeous and I get compliments on them every time I wear them.  Wonderful!
B00AW8JG9G LOVE these Timberland boots! Very comfortable....as all Timberland boots have been in my experience. Get compliments all the time on these boots and they go well with everything!
B00AW8JG9G Timberland boots Love these boots! A bit stiff when I first put them on, but broke in quickly. Super comfortable and stylish. I receive many compliments on them. Got a great price for them on Amazon.
B00AW8JG9G Good quality boots The boots came with an old and broken box. On one boot, there was a finger nail-sized discolored spot. But overall, the quality and design of the boots are great.
B00AW8JG9G Great Boots I have worn these boots more than any other pair of boots since I got them!! Very comfy and go with everything!
B00AW8JG9G Good winter boots These boots are great for long walks in cold weather and comfortable. I had a hard time with it during the first few weeks, because it was too stiff. But now, after a month or so, I can not leave home without it. The only problem it has is the toe area is not too insulated, so your toes might get a little chilly! I have wide feet and these shoes fit me well.
B00AW8JG9G Stunning boots!! Bought these boots on a great sale. When they arrived I was Pleasantly suprised at the quality. Beautiful leather and very well constructed. True to size. Happy customer.
B00AW8JG9G Tall Leather Boots Great boots and very comfortable. They are comfortable and the leathers softens as you wear them. The detail of the the boots is very unique!
B00AW8JG9G By far the most comfortable and most well constructed pair of leather boots I ... By far the most comfortable and most well constructed pair of leather boots I own.  I can walk in these for MILES!  They are a quality pair of boots, soft, treated leather.  I will buy timberland boots again!!!!!
B00AW8JG9G BEST BOOTS EVER!!! I read all the reviews before ordering them. I love these boots and agree with everyones reviews that i read. Very comfortable and stylish. If I remember right on the web site they were made of recycled stuff and that made my mind up for sure to buy them. Thanks everyone who writes reviews I always read them before i buy things on line and so I feel it is important to take the time to do it also. Cant go wrong on the price either. I have been through everything with these boots and they are holding up and still look new.
B00AW8JG9G Pretty boots These boots fit very nicely and are even more comfortable to wear and walk in. It seems with most boots, shoes, flats sandals, etc, that there is always an area of bother. But not with these boots, they are made for my feet and you can dress up or down with them. I hope to wear these for many years to come.
B00AW8JG9G Great Looking Boots. My feet are a little wide around the toes.  I know the boots will stretch out with wear.  I love the boots.  So comfortable.
B00AW8JG9G comfortable boots These boots are very comfortable to wear all day.I would say they are more on the casual side, although I still wore them with skirts.Only warning would be they do not have good treads for walking on icy or snowy areas.
B00AW8JG9G Outstanding Boots The leather on these boots is thick and the boots are well made.  The color is wonderful.  The best part; no breaking in was required.
B00AW8JG9G beautiful boots These are very nice boots. Very comfortable and well made. These boots can go causal or dressy. I just love them!
B00AW8JGGE Best riding boots I own! Absolutely in LOVE with these boots. I never knew Timberland made such cute riding boots. These are the most comfortable and durable boots I own, and I have several pairs that I like but these are definitely my favorite!
B00AW8JGGE Great boots! Love these boots! Good fit & really nice leather!  I would recommend to anyone. Lots of detail on them, which makes them unique.
B00AW8JGGE Nice boots! They are beautiful and comfortable! I haven't worn them out of the house yet, but so far, great!!! Good boots!
B00AW8JL0A Boots were too small Boots did not fit my friend. Needed size 9. Same boots from Century 21 . same color and brand. arrived on time as well
B00AW8JL0A Boots The Timberland boots were exactly what I wanted!  However, when I put them on, I could hardly walk as theywere so stiff!!  I don't know if they would have loosened up, but the fit was too hard.
B00AW8JL0A Timberland boots These are my 2nd pair of Timberland boots and without fail they rub on both legs just above my ankle. I tried wearing 2 pairs of socks to make the padding thicker on my legs and the rubbing continue. Needless to say i have a dark line on both legs from the friction. I cannot wear these boots longer than a few hours, if that. I will not be purchasing Timberlands again.
B00AW8K0WI Rad! These boots are perfect.  They are so comfortable as well as a great alternative to traditional rain boots.  I was getting tried of buying plastic rain boots only to have them get holes after one year.  These boots will last for a long time and can be worn as just regular boots as well as rain boots.  The calfs are a bit tight at first but as you wear them in they stretch out to create the perfect fit to your leg.
B00AW8KFZU Wonderful shot boots Love these boots!  Tuff/rugged leather puts up with abuse and they still look great.  I loved them so much that I purchased the tall version (Stratham). Heel slightly higher then expected.
B00AZPO90W Mixed review A. Along with many other reviews, the boots look great, and fit/feel even better.B. They  are DRESS boots. As another reviewer noted, they Are Not meant for hiking.C. Unfortunately, this also means they are not suited for winter wear -- I live in Minneapolis -- apparently I have destroyed mine walking from the parking lot to the office in the snow and road salt.D. A minor nit -- the boots only have half soles for the rubber gripper portion and the heels. I think it looks a little cheap.All in all, I think they are great boots, but the do need to be carefully handled.
B00AZPO90W Love those boots! Comfy to wear, looking great. Timberland is the best for everyday. Looking forward to see how good those boots are for Chicago's winter.
B00AZPPEQ0 Cool boots Nice sturdy boots. Turned out to be heavier than expected though. It should last a long time. But your ankles will work
B00AZPQV6C Great Boots My first real pair of boots and I'm excited to try more of their styles. They seem to be of good quality.
B00AZPQV6C Lightweight casual boots These are long -like cowboy boots- but that's part of the styling. These fit just like a pair of Timberland Chocorua hiking boots, so if you're not sure about the size go try on one of their hiking boots and it should be pretty close. Very lightweight and extremely comfortable unless I'm on my feet for a few hours (-1 star). I'll give them another few weeks and will look for some replacement insoles if me feet are still sore after standing for a long time. The leather is thin and supple which is nice, but I'll continue to use my Wolverines for anything heavy duty.
B00AZPQV6C Great boot These boots are great for city and some outdoors use.  I have not had them in the rain yet, but based on my other Timberland boots I expect them to do well.  The break-in time was short and the only thing that was noticeable during this time was where the boot road on the ankle, after a couple of days the leather broke in and there are no other issues.  Timberland boots run about one size small, I am an 11.5 in most other shoes and boots, but already owning Timberland boots I was prepared to order the 10.5s.
B00AZPRQ66 good boots Great boots. durable comfortable and fashionable with all my blue jeans. Would recommend and water does not phase them at all
B00AZPS9W6 Very comfortable boot! These were gift for my husband who owns many styles of timberland boots & shoes. The comfort of these boots & the Newmarket chukka boots have proven to be better than any other he's tried (his job keeps him on his feet). While these are a lil heavier than the chukkas, they are still comfortable enough for him to wear to work. They also look great! He highly recommends them!
B00B02THKQ Awesome Boots!! I love these boots.  There were exactly what I expect from Timberland boots.  Very comfortable. I can wear the all day at work without the usual pain I have from my heeled boots.
B00B02THKQ The Best Boots!! The boots are a great fit. They are surprisingly comfortable. I can walk in them all day! I also get compliments.
B00B7FHBHM Great quality boots. Very high quality boots. Last a lot longer then the cheaper versions. Very comfortable and they break in very quickly.
B00B7FHBHM Great comfortable work boots. I've owned Timberland boots before and the main reason I keep buying them is for the comfort. They are very comfortable and I wear them for pretty much everything. My last 2 pair lasted just over a year each with hard constant use of all sorts. These boots look more durable only time will tell now.
B00B8I9AI6 great and comfortable boots There are comments that timberlands shoes are oversized. Since I already own a timberland boots, there is no such problem.
B00B8I9AI6 Great comfortable & stylish boots. These boots are as they are described. They are stylish, classy, and comfortable. I was afraid that they would be too heavy like my old timberland books but they are kind of light after all. I wear them everyday in our Canadian winter :-)
B00B8I9AI6 5 Star Boot I collect lace and zip leather boots. I have ordered many and many have I sent back. Timberland City boots are of high quality. The leather is smooth and soft right out of the box. No break in needed. The size was right on for me. The zipper is made well. The stitching is very good. They are very comfortable. Great pair of boots!
B00B9PA37A My first boots This is my first snow season in Canada and I was looking for boots which can have a balance between style and practicality. I ordered these Timberland boots and fits pretty well and the size I thought was perfect. These boots have an amazing grip especially over icy slippery roads. It takes a bit of time to slip my feet inside but I guess its common for every other boots with laces. Once feet are inside they are very comfy. I like the design and their durability seems to be very good. This pair will definitely go long way.
B00B9PADWA Cheap, cheap, cheap Made of a hard plastic material, these boots felt more like wearing ski boots, hard and uncomfortable. Boots also had scuff marks on them and they smelled funny to me. I have returned these boots. As for the wide size I ordered, it was much to small and given the material it was made of I have my doubts they will stretch out any. Very cheaply made in my opinion.
B00B9PADZ2 Great boots Extremely comfortable and stylish boots. They are soft and flexible, and I get a lot of compliments on them. Absolutely love them.
B00B9PADZ2 good dress boots not to be confused for work boots comfortable. stylish but I wonder f they are going to hold up for any length of time. Stitching seems cheap for what these boots cost..  I have always owned Rockport boots and loved them.Rockports last forever and fit much better in larger sizes than these timberlands do. Stitching seems cheap for a hundred dollar pair of boots but I guess time will tell how long they last.
B00B9PADZ2 Timberland boots Didn't like this at all but was lucky that a friend did and bought it from me. It's a good pair of boots but I rather say it wasn't my liking
B00B9PADZ2 Just Kind of Meh The boots looked really awesome in the photos, but they were less impressive in person. I was looking for a pair of boots to have for the next 5-10 years and these really weren't it. The leather looks and feels kinda hokey and the overall quality of the boots feels lacking to me. They would be okay for grunt work and tasks that would really beat up the boot, but I wanted shoes that looked classy, had great quality and were going to stand the test of time. I bought a pair of Red Wing Iron Rangers instead.
B00B9PADZM These boots are great! Bought these to replace a 10 year old pair of Timberlands.  It is always hard when you finally have to toss those old boots that fit oh-so-well.  This time though, no problem. These boots are very comfortable!  They do not block the water like my old boots did...I still need to treat them though.  I have tough to fit feet, and these fit like I have had them for 20 years.  Good stuff! VERY well made.
B00B9PADZM Comfortable Right Out of the Box These boots are more comfortable than I dreamed they would be.  I expected some break-in time...but they were good the moment I put them on.  The leather is nice & stiff, the way boots should be.  Good padding around the ankle.  I doubt they'll last a lifetime like I'd expect the Danner's that I was considering, but they cost 1/3 of the Danner's.  I'm very happy with these boots.
B00B9PIUS4 Love the boots the boots are just what i wanted!!! I would recommend these boots to every body. Can not go wrong with it!
B00B9PM53U Great Winter Boots I purchased these boots for my husband who had a very old pair of 'duck' boots.  He just wore these for the first time during our winter snowstorm and commented on the great traction and warmth.  We have had very good luck with Timberland shoes and expect these to last a very long time.
B00B9PM56C great boot Love timberland boots always fit goo d very light so that's way I bought the other boots I rate them very high
B00B9PM56C Stylish but not what I expected from Timberland I returned these boots due to a full size smaller than expected. These are very attractive boots and my wife really liked them a lot. They felt wide in the ankles and I would be afraid of rolling my ankle in these. I purchased them for working outside however,within 5 minutes I could tell they were not built for work. I returned them to Amazon and they gave me a refund the NEXT DAY!!! Takes the fear out of not being able to try them on when they turn things around so fast. Purchased a different pair of boots and all is well.
B00B9ROF6S Timbos! These boots fit great. Nice and snug. These are my first Timberland boots and honestly I don't know why I've been waiting so long.
B00B9TTI40 I'd suggest get the boots a half a size smaller Great boots for anytime really. They go with work clothes, or causal wear. I have been wearing these boots for years and they have never let me down.
B00BB7BX66 Beautiful, Fashionable Boots Very beautiful boots.The quality is very good.Breathability, comfort is very good.After wearing walk long way without feeling tired.Timberland,I love it,I trust it.The only drawback is that boots are a little too large.But,I will have the opportunity to buy again.
B00BB7BX66 Great boots! When I purchased an item online the first thing I look at are the reviews.  Thanks to everyone that said to order a size small, they fit perfect!  These boots are very comfortable and they are my first pair of boots.  I love them!
B00BCJV7H8 Very comfy!! I ordered these boots mainly because I needed a new winter boot but after I put them on they were so comfy, I really don't wear my other boots at all anymore!! Well worth the price!!
B00BCJV7H8 Awesome! These boots are just what I was looking for!  They are comfortable, and light.  I live in the Virgin Islands, but have a trip planned to PA in January and wanted a pair of comfortable boots.  I have worn them around the house for hours and they really are comfortable, and did not require a break in period, easy to get on and off too.I would highly recommend these boots for comfort, and ease to get on so far, would have to let you know about how warm they are after the trip.
B00BCJV7H8 I love these boots!!!! I was hesitant at first, I was worried about stylish outfit options with these boots. I was wrong- they are adorable. I receive compliments all the time. I love to wear them with colored skinny jeans, a plaid button-down shirt, a chunky gold watch, my layered pearl necklace, and of course socks long enough to be gathered at the top of the boot. If you are worried about what to wear with these boots- Pinterest and Polyvore is full of inspiration (most posts use those same boots). I like that I don't have to lace them up tight- they are more like warm comfy slip ons :)Negative: They are heavy. It isn't a big deal most of the time. I used them for a winter trip to Tokyo. They were great around the city, but when I climbed several hundred stairs to a shrine on a mountain, I regretted my decision to wear them.Overall, I don't regret my purchase and I am glad to have these.
B00BCJV7H8 Great warm boots Love these boots! I am a size 9 however these are a bit tight but wearable and very comfortable! Some shoes/boots I tend to need wider.
B00BCJV7H8 Great Looking Boot, but Also Practical!! I live in Massachusetts and commute to college and have had experiences slipping and even falling around campus. I was on the hunt for a durable, warm, comfortable and non-manly boot with a great tread. Fortunately, I found all these qualities in these boots! They fit just as I had expected (I'm normally a size 8 and so are the boots I purchased). The boots are so well insulated that I can get away with wearing a thin pair of long socks. The laces are very durable and stay tied tight. The tread is fantastic and the boots are also waterproof so no need to treat them with anything. The only thing that worried me when I first started wearing the boots was that they were a little stiff and pressed down on the knuckles of my toes (which was somewhat expected). Have no fear though, within a few wears the boots were broken in and no longer did this. I have gotten so many compliments on the style of the boots, as well. As far as my situation is concerned, these boots were worth every penny.
B00BCJV7J6 Great until a month later. The boots are warm. One pair of socks does it for me. After about of month of wearing the boots on a daily basis one of the boots is rubbing against my toe causing friction. It's at the bend of your knuckles. I have to put padding near my foot to prevent my foot from aching. I'm not sure why this started happening suddenly but it is discomforting.
B00BCJV7J6 Best & Light!!! I ordered this boots in Jan 2014 and I absolutely love it. They are light weight and warm but you have to wear a thick soaks.I wanted to order this boots for Christmas but I went on ordering wrong boots and returning them and I finally  ordered this one when it went on Sale. Thanks Amazon.
B00BCJV7J6 Comfortable boots for snowy weather Boots arrived well packaged. I ordered a half size larger and I'm glad I did as they easily accommodate heavy wool socks. These boots are very comfortable and insulated. However, the insulation loses its effectiveness below zero degrees and my toes did get cold, but not as cold as they would have been if wearing other footwear. The only thing I wish was different would be instead of all D-rings for lace up, two sets of hooks at the top would make getting them on easier. The way it is now, if you pull the laces up the ankle area stays loose and more adjustments are necessary to get them laced up right. They do fit well, look great and are very comfortable overall. Timberland boots are generally a quality product, so yes, I would recommend them.
B00BCJV7J6 Love them My daughter loves these new boots.  She is a very particular 12 year old and has no complaints about these boots.
B00BCJV7J6 These boots are fantastic and I love them These boots are very comfortable and warm.  They have good traction and fit well and are true to size.  I would definitely recommend these boots.
B00BCJW34Y Wow super comfortable! I love these boots! Super comfortable and lightweight for metatarsals. They look and fit really well too. I bought these for chainsawing and it was very hard to find mets with good treads for being out in the woods. I got the boots for a steal of a price but I would have paid 3x as much for them.
B00BCJW35I Would have loved to keep these boots... I ordered these boots after giving them much thought and  saving up for them. When I found them on amazon for $40 cheaper than everywhere else, I knew it was time. Everyone's reviews were amazing. I got my package on Thursday and ripped open the box and put on the right boot, fit so great! So comfortable! Perfect heel height! Beautiful color! I reached in the box for my other boot... And it was another right boot. I immediately contacted customer service! They were very apologetic and ensured me that my new pair of boots would arrive the next day. Now, after having this unbelievable &#34;2 right boots&#34; situation, I was almost positive they would not make the same mistake twice. So I printed off the return label for the 2 right boots and ups picked it up later that night, because ups always picks stuff up from my work.Cut to: Friday afternoon. My new boots arrived. My excitement levels were not nearly as high as they were the previous day, but I was still really looking forward to just wearing they incredible boots!! Before I took out any packaging, I held up both boots... 2 LEFT BOOTS!! I cried at work, I was so disappointed! I mean I literally contemplated and saved up for these boots for at least 2 months! And now I've had 2 pairs in my hands within the lat 2 days and they were both a wrong combination! Knowing they there's no way I'm getting anything now until Monday, I called customer service. Same deal, apologetic, &#34;you'll get a new pair, let me talk to the warehouse&#34; While I'm on hold I can't stop thinking about how stupid it was that I mailed the right boots back so quickly... But how could they make the same mistake twice?! When my rep got back on the line, she answered the question I had been pondering only moments before... They only had 2 pairs of these boots in my size and color. One half of both pairs (the lefts) were in my hand. The half of both pairs (the rights) were on a ups truck traveling back to the amazon warehouse. They could not send me another pair :(It's coming up on winter, my current pair of Tim's are beginning to break. Last Thursday would have been perfect timing to receive these TRUELY BEAUTIFUL, COMFORTABLE boots. But unfortunately the amazon warehouse didn't look in the box before they shipped.On top of all this shipping insanity, the boots are now back up to $180. I have a real sour taste in my mouth about reordering now.
B00BCJW35I Really cute boots These boots are really cute and well made.  I think they will take some breaking in time. They seemed a bit tight but not too bad. I think the leather will stretch enough to take care of that problem.  I wore my boots for most of the day and they felt more comfortable than I had expected.  I like the fact that they do not have a zipper and that you have to lace them up.  You can adjust the fit better with laces and you don't have to worry about breaking a zipper.  These boots might not be a good choice if you are going to go through airport security since you will need to sit down to put them on and get them tied and they may take some "tugging" to get on in the first place.  The leather really is waterproof.  I spilled something on my boots and the liquid beaded up and ran off the leather.
B00BCJX6TU Nice, but Good boots, comfy.  But the tongue attaches to the body of the boot fairly high up, near the ankle.  This makes the boots both more difficult to put on and less adjustable around the foot than I would like,
B00BCJXLHW I LOVE MY BOOTS!! My Timberland boots arrived right on time just as planned!! They are soooo comfortable!! Orva Shoes did a WONDERFUL job & greatest thing of all saved me $$$ ;) THANK YOU so much for the GREAT customer service!! Will be ordering again!!
B00BCJXLHW Comfortable winter boots! In my older age, I want boots I don't have to tie for everyday wear. I also want boots with more support than the slipper type fleece boots that are very popular.  When these popped up on a Lightning deal on Thanksgiving, I saw the possibility of having ease of putting on and yet supportive.  I ordered these on Thanksgiving and received them on cyber Monday.  I immediately put them on to check out the fit.  I wore them all evening and have them on today.  They fit well - my foot is wider so I ordered a wide.  They are not sloppy feeling.  They feel supportive.  They don't crunch my foot.Best part - I looped the laces around the boot (LONG laces) so I can just slide my foot into the boot without fussing. I can choose to tie them if I need the boot to be taller but for everyday use I can wear them folded down.They look good folded down with corduroys and jeans. They look good even if I use them as slip on boots. I have boring black but I love the look and the support from these boots.
B00BCJXLHW Boots Never received them. Was told boots were not available in her size. What else can I say about these boots.
B00BCJXLHW Great boots! Just what I ordered! I was slightly worried about the coloring of the black option - I thought the top half looked almost navy blue. Don't worry! Its really black!I love these boots and I'm never taking them off.That is all.
B00BCJXLHW I like my Timberland boots. i like this boots by Timberland. it is warm and nice. My  size is UK6 and I bought this boots size UK 6. All as I expected.
B00BCJXLHW Loved them! The boots were certainly what I expected from the Timberland brand. The boots were a little snug and not as roomy as some of the other Timberland Boots that I have ordered but the quality was not sacrafices. So I can live with the boots just fitting. In any case I was very satisfied with my purchase.
B00BCJXLHW Love these boots! Comfortable right out of the box and I am sure they will get even better after more wear. Wore them 2 days in a row with no complaints. I am a 6.5 and the 6.5 fit me perfectly. Great boots!
B00BCJXLHW Perfection Okay well the fitting was surprising. I dont usually wear wide but i got it because i knew id be wearing thick winter socks with these boots, even without them though, a great and comfortable fit.Where do i start? i got these boots for the fashion aspect. I love a man in timbs but a girl can be sexy in them too. i first considered the ankle cut but the tall fit and fold over option on these has been raking in the compliments. Ive had multiple men comment on how nice these are and how they wish they made this kind for guys! Female friends have began to regret buying that pair of uggs instead of these fashionable/sturdy/warm/dry boots ! I had three people go buy the same pair after they saw mine.Shipping was faster than expected which was amazingThese go well with about anything just make sure you take care of them with protection etc.I highly suggest this to anyone and everyone
B00BCJXLHW Good quality I have bought my fist Timberland (the same boots) on EBAY, because I cannot find my size here. It was low quality and has a light strips on the one of the boots. I was really upset by the quality of Timberland shoes and sent it back.Then I decided to try again in Amazon and I am happy that I did it.The boots is perfect, no any damages, stripes, and other defects. Fit as expected. Absolutely recommended.
B00BH0B7KE These boots are very comfortable. I have had timberland boots in the past ... These boots are very comfortable. I have had timberland boots in the past and they have all ways been great.
B00E41UQBE Tighter Than Expected : First of all just let me say I loveeeeee the boots.  The size was tighter than I expected from my past purchases of Timberland boots.  They look fantastic and I will just have to have some extra patience to break them in. I have received quite a few compliments on them.  They are definitely worth every penny I paid for them. I would have given them 5 stars if they weren't so tight. These boots are a must have item.
B00E41Y0E8 Great boots. I love these boots. They are great looking and very light and comfortable. One thing going to take into consideration, they run a bit larger than the normal sizes. I wear a 15 in 95% of my shoes but a 15 in these boots was way too large. I no worries though, I just exchanged them for a 14, which should arrive soon.
B00EAKXW6K Excellent Boots This boots are very comfortable this is my second Timberland Boondock boots and like others are very very comfortales for every work
B00EAKXW6K Great boots I Love these boots! Will buy them again and again! I Definitely  will buy the tall ones for the winter.
B00ED8P6UY Annoying squeeking Over all I liked the boots, best boots I ever broke in. I bought these a few weeks back for $259.45 all said and done and from the first time I put them on the left boot squeaks with every step. Thought it would wear in and go away, guess I was wrong. This is so annoying to the point to where I am now wearing my old boots again as so I do not have to listen to it any more. The part that is squeaking is at the end of the tong and the beginning of the safety toe, and I have tried to tighten the hell out of my boots to where it hurts my feet, and also tried to put another gel insole to make the boot fit tighter and yet it always squeaks. I paid a lot of $ for this type of boot and can get no reply / help from Timberland or anyone associated with the sale of these boots to me. Kevin
B00GNZFWA4 Not my best, but still surprised I Owned more than 8 pairs of boots and these ranks among the mid,  however consider of the reasonable price and composite toe  i give it a 5 star review!!!  Like all other PRO boots,  7.5 2e fits perfectly  as  i always buy DANNER  at 8 2e,  just FYI&#65292; these boots are  far more worthy  than i previously expected
