B00009WM7J great boot Expected FiT They fit Like every Other timberland Boot I Have Great Stylish Looking Boot  Great Fit You Wont Go Wrong With Timberland
B00009WM7J great boot my daughter wore these for two years before she outgrew them-still like new even with tons of abuse on the farm-fabulous boot only wish I could find them in a bigger size.
B00009WM7J great boot great classic boot always in style, runs a little big, but put an insole from an old sneaker in it and fits much better now.
B00009WM7J Great boot shipped on time. My son like the boot, it fit well and is water proof.  We received the boot just a few days after ordering it.
B0000AFSX4 My Sons fave boot My son knows that when he puts on these boots that he is dressing to impress! They have become an essential part of his wardrobe ever since he could walk handeling the weight of the boot! This is the first time I have ordered the boot without having to wait more then 2 weeks for it!
B0000AFSYY great boot my daughter wore these for two years-fabulous boot and stood up to the riggers of farm life-wish I could find them in a bigger size now-would definately recommend-very comfortable boot and love the wide sizing
B0000AFSYY Great boot!!!! I looked everywhere for a boot that would hold up and be comfortable for my 8 year old son. He is on the go all the time and doesn't stop. I ordered this boot and they are great. He wears them ALL the time. They are holding up well and he says they are very comfortable. They seem to run a bit big so order the size they are in at the time. I almost ordered a half size bigger and I am glad I didn't. He has plenty of room and they should last for some time.
B0000AT8CK Exactly what you expect from Timberland--well made and as advertised. The women's boot fits as a woman's shoe should, it is not build on a male last, so if you have a narrow foot--as I do--the boot fits perfectly.
B0002RDYMC Hot Boot This boot has a sleek look with jean and once you have broke the shoe in it has a very nice fit.
B0007T4IGG Very Very nice boot but... The insole needs to be padded better for a boot at this price. A little thin these days Timberland. Still, I will continue to buy and add my own foot supports.
B0007T4IGG Rugged If you dont like scuff marks this isnt the boot for you. Heavy duty boot. Kind of like a combat boot style
B0007T4IGG Love The Look And The Boot Its a nice boot great looking and will match with any of your clothing , the shipping was on point , the box came a little damage but it didn't matter to me as long as the boots where still in new condition , I will recommend this for any timberland lovers.
B000AKVA6I boot boot  ware very  good  and  am glad that  i order  them .let me know when their is a speacial on boot
B000AKVA6I awesome boot I owned this boot for over a year. I work as a surveyor, walking many miles a day. The boot remained comfortable the entire time. They were cut by a machete numerous times but never made it all of the way through the leather and some days emerged in swamp water all day and still maintained its comfortability. With all that I have done to them, submerging it in water all day, the miles that I put on them, and farm work the soles never tried to come apart. The boot is amazing for what I put it through. I would recommend this boot to anyone.
B000AKVA6I Timberland PRO Men' 33004 Wellington Boot 15w The Timberland PRO Men's 33004 Wellington Boot is a comfortable yet strudy work boot at an affordable price that comes in extra large sizes!
B000AKVA6I Great Boot This is a great boot. It is just as described. The fit is accurate and I would order again. Thank you.
B000AKVA6I Rubs against ankle Wish there was more lining and they caused my ankle to become irritated from rubbing against the inner boot. more lining I think would fix this problem...not really warm enough for my climate but not a bad boot. don't think I would buy them again.
B000AKVA6I Great boot. This is a really great work boot. It maybe fits funny, I can't tell. It isn't as comfortable as a pair of sneakers, but it's still a great awesome boot.
B000AKVBCQ Great Safety boot Great shipping and quality boot. I hope it lasts a long time. As soon as I put the boot on it felt I worn it for a long time. Has a nice relaxing feel to it. No tight spots and will be easy to brake in. don't wear these to a job site that requires over the ankle protection, everything else ok. i will be happy if i get a year out of these.
B000AKVBFI Excellent steel toe boot! I am required to wear a steel-toed boot as part of my occupation.  I have severe plantar fasciitis and this boot is hands down the best work boot that I have ever owned in terms of comfort and support.  The soles also have excellent traction.  It's almost more of a hiking boot than a traditional work boot.  They are also extremely durable.  I have worn them daily for a year and I am very active.  I have worn them in many types of conditions(despite them being vented on the sides) and they can take what you dish out.  They do lack somewhat in that they are vented down the sides so they certainly aren't waterproof.  Unfortunately, this feature makes it more of a seasonal boot that is not conducive to wading through snow, wet grass, or getting extremely wet.  As a previous reviewer pointed out, the fact that this boot is so supportive, does not make it a quick on-off.  The pros ,however, (comfort and major support) far outweigh the cons if you have foot problems such as chronic heel pain or plantar fasciitis.  I just need for Timberland to make an insulated, waterproof version of this boot and I'll be set.In summary:Pros: extremely supportive, very comfortable, excellent traction, highly durableCons: Not waterproof, Not quick to take on and off
B000AKVBFI My Research For This Timberland Mudslinger Boot- I have done alot of research on this boot and have read alot of reviews and it seems to me like alot of people are getting confused with the "WATERPROOF" part of the boot.. well let me help you.. there are actually TWO versions for this boot but they look much alike so be careful.. the WATERPROOF boot is actually the better one if you ask me if your dealing with alot of wet weather.. this one is the GREY and BROWN.. its the one that says BROWN on the picture of this review but its not heat resistant.. the other boot however has BROWN leather all over it with a army green on the lower side of the sole and IS heat resistant and IS NOT WATERPROOF so be careful which one you pick and this one is the one that say AUTUM on the picture of this review.. i have not got my boot yet cuz im waiting on the shipping but i will let this reviews know how it comes out for me.. i am a Dishwasher for cracker barrel so its like water works in there so the waterproof one is the one i needed to get the job done.. plus the fact that these boots are hard to take on and off is actually a good thing!! lets compare complaints.. a bunch will complain about a boot being to rough and not comfortable for thier feet if it was made that the boot comes off and on easy.. less will complain that the boot is hard to take on and off cuz all that matters mostly is that its comfortable.. its two roads to go down for a boot maker and the better road will be better.. lets just say you gotta put yourself in the bootmakers boots.. i would rather sacrifice taking them off fast then for them to be falling off my foot when i go sliding across a floor and have to stop work or for them to make them uncomfortable.. i think iv made my point huh?.. i think it will be very very good boot.. just gotta sacrifice one thing to get another.. "eye for an eye" thanks people!!--Anthony Wayt--
B000AKVBFI Great work boot When I ordered these Mudslingers I had ordered a book for the wife at the same time. When the box came in I thought that being that the box was so light it had to be her book. To my surprise when I opened it was the Mudslingers.Great, light  weight working boot! that I would wear on any construction site or working envirement.  For the reviewer that mentioned that they could be a little hard to take on or off. I have to totally disagree. Keep in mind that these are work boots! I found it not to be a problem. I did a lot of research looking for the right boot as I have planters faciatis and this selection of a boot was definitly the right choice. Great boot and great service through Amazon.I am totally satisfied!
B000AKVBFI Great boot. Great boot and very, very comfortable. Just a little difficult to put on and take off because of high narrow top.
B000AKVBFI very good boot. Very comfortable boot. They are made very well too so they should last a long time. I'll buy another pair when these finally wear out.
B000AKVBFI Fantanstic If your looking for an excellent all round work boot. This is it. I go through 3 to 4 pairs a year. You can not beat the price and functionality of the boot. No mar soles, Steel toes, Covers the ankles. Just an all round great work boot.
B000B2HQ5O 3rd year purchasing same boot, but larger size, for my son. We purchase a larger size of this same boot every fall for our little boy.  It is one tough, long-lasting shoe that he wears nearly every day. VERY pleased with this boot!
B000B2HQ5O great boot very good boots - strong, waterproof (to a reasonable level), laces are easy to knot, can serve few kids (feet grow before the boot wears of)
B000BB15ZC Good boot This boot feels great and fits perfrect. Waiting to own it a while longer to give a review on how well they hold up but so far so good
B000BB15ZC Timberland Chocoura hiker I bought this boot in march 2012. The boot is very comfortable, but the quality of the shoe is very questionable. It is now august 2012 and the boot has begun to unravel where the nylon mesh is stitched to the leather. In the time that I have owned this shoe it has not been worn often or roughly. Maybe I just got a bad boot, I don't know but I won't be buying timberland shoes anymore.
B000BB15ZC Good study boot Very sturdy boot without being clunky. The only drawback I see is they are not as warm as I expected, which may be a positive for some, but I am primarily using them in snow conditions.
B000BB15ZC great comfortable boot I bought this boot in a size 12M it felt a bit tight at the toes.  Sent back and got a 12 W and it fits great.  Boots are very comfortable and light on the feet.
B000BB15ZC hiking boot Nice boot but more like a work boot instead hiking. Could use more padding. However still great deal for price.
B000BB15ZC GOOD BOOT I LIKE THE LOOKS OF THE BOOTS AND ALSO THEY ARE A GOOD BOOT TO GO ON WALKS WITH.THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE
B000BB15ZC Great boot for any condition I have used these boots in Moab in high heet, and cold rainy days in NYC, this is my go to boot for anything.  I wear a size 13 most of the time, but this in a 12 fits great
B000BB15ZC Great boot I purchased this boot for my husband, who wears mostly Timberland boots and shoes.  They are (according to hubby), very comfortable and rugged.  He is on his feet quite and bit and doesn't complain about his feet getting tired.  He does a lot of work outside and this boot holds up to rough terrain.  This is a quality product that I highly recommend.
B000BB15ZC Do  not buy. Within a month an eyelet on each boot came off . Also, the boot lacesare the cheapest ever and began fraying apart and will need replaced.Ishould have purchased Rocky's as in the past. Just thought I would tryanother boot and save a little money. WRONG. You get what you pay for.
B000BB15ZC Great boot ~ unhappy style change I have purchased this Gore Tex Timberland style boot, for more than 17 years at Gander Mountain. They recently discontinued this boot. The boot has some style changes, such as brass eyelets and color option. Other than that, it's a wonderfully priced Gore Tex boot, and performs very well.
B000BB15ZC Perfect Boot I was looking for a casual everyday boot. I ordered my normal side and wide for a Timberland shoe/boot. Fit perfect. Wearing them now. Very comfortable. Great support to walk in. Very happy!!!
B000BB15ZC Seems to be a good boot Always hard to tell how a new boot well fit and last after a only a short period of time.  But so far it seems good.  They are light.  They do seem warm, but I think every gortex waterproof boot is that way.  The price was decent and I needed an all black boot for duty.
B000BB15ZC Good boot I work in Afghanistan and have worn the boot for 1 month so far so good.  The boot is very comfortable and they keep my feet dry.
B000BB15ZC HURT MY FEET, BUT COULD BE ME These might be great boots for most people, but not someone with my specific foot problems. I get very sore spots on the outside mid sole area of my feet. If a shoe or boot has a seam in the same area (the cuboid bone) like this boot, they function more as a torture device than a foot protector.
B000BB15ZC Not Bad, But Went With Another Timberland model I purchased this boot in size 13 after reading some reviews that it runs a little small.  I found that the boot actually seems pretty true to size-the 13 was a little big on my sz 12 foot.  Other observations about the boot: the lower eyelets seem a little wimpy the way they are stamped,  the color listed as &#34;Noir&#34; appears dark brown in the picture, It is actually black.  Overall, the boot seems like a good value for a goretex model.  I ended up purchasing another Timberland model, White Ledge, which is an all leather boot for about the same price. I like the all-leather appearance better.  Neither boot is heavy duty enough to be a substitute for a true hiking boot. They are a good weatherproof work and casual boot however.
B000BFIHVS Not bad... I have a flat foot. So this boot wasn't really for me. Don't know if Timberland has a 4E. To be honest I don't know what I was thinking about buying a boot that was merely a 11 W. The boot is a bit stiff due to the type of leather but the quality is good.
B000BFIHVS Great boot Great boot,  fit well and after break in of about two days,  they are comfortable. A bit warm of you wear too thick of socks,  due to waterproof design with no air holes. I would definitely buy again.
B000BFIHVS Great foot wear. Timberland's footwear fits great, I love the style and comfort feel of the boot, not like others that are bulky and weight your foot to the ground. I would recommend this boot, try it on and walk on it. I know you'll buy it. AG
B000BFIHVS great boot great boot which not surprise meit was Timberland they are always on the topjust one note i ordered 11 which my size but it's little bit bigI guess 10.5 is good for guys ware 11
B000BFIHVS Nice boots - good value These boots offer good support and don't require a lot of time to break them in. They are attractive despite being just a bit &#34;old style&#34; (all leather rather than looking like an athletic shoe hybrid). My wife says they make my feet look small for my overall size - not freakishly small but they don't look like the Size 12 that they are. They fit my feet well so I suspect most buyers can feel confident to order their normal size.I have yet to take an off-road hike with them but find them comfortable and not too heavy while walking around town. They are reasonably comfortable but I'd prefer just a bit more cushioning under the ball of the foot.Two other things which are not major nuisances but which could have been designed a bit better:1.) The tongue is not quite wide enough - this just makes it a little bit trickier to ensure the tongue is overlapped by both sides of the boot when tying them.2.) My old Vasque boots had locking eyelets placed low on both sides of the boot at the ankle flex point - kind of like you'll see on figure skates). This makes it easy to have variable tension of the shoe laces - perhaps a bit tighter at the top of the boot (above the ankle) than at the lower part of the boot (over your foot).These two minor issues make lacing up the boot just right a little trickier than it should be.Overall, I'm happy with the purchase - good value for the money spent.
B000BFIHVS Very Comfy Hiker Boot Very Comfortable Hiking boot, everyday use.Good traction, waterproof, warm.Very good fit and easy lace up.2nd pair I've had
B000BFIHVS Great boot! I have always liked Timberland quality boots. This is a comfortable boot with good traction. I would definitely recommend this boot.
B000BFIHVS Good Boot but sizing off Like this boot but I normally wear 9.5 - 10.  I had to get an 11.5! Love everything else about them.
B000BFIHVS good boot The boot arrived sooner than expected. Nice boot, did not take long to break in. Good value for the money.
B000BFIHVS Good boot for the price For $60, I would definitely recommend this boot. It was a little stiff out of the box, but loosened up with wear. It seems to be well-made, but of course only time will tell the full story. Broken-in comfort is reasonable- nothing to rave about, but better than just &#34;fair.&#34; I plan to use it mostly as a winter shoe for everyday wear, which in my area includes walking through snow. If I wanted a pure hiking boot, I would most likely spend more money and and try to get something more comfortable for that kind of use, although I think this boot could be ok for that, just not as good as I would want. In summary, I would rate the boot 5 stars from a value standpoint. I am very pleased with the boot for the money I spent and because of how I intend to use the boot- it is well-worth $60. Overall, 4 stars rather than 5 mainly because of good but not excellent comfort.
B000BFIHVS awesome I have read a few of the reviews on here about this boot. I have to say if you are complaining,  I think that you are in a whole different ccategory than the rest of us ie (hiking,  backpacking,  etc) . I can understand that you would need to fork over some more doe for a more specialized boot. But for the rest of us for normal 8-12 hours guy's this boot does great. I mean for the price I should have bought two pairs.
B000BFIHVS I love this boot This is my second pair of this particular Timberland Boot. Great fit, very comfortable, durable. I am a Landscaper. I do a lot of walking behind lawnmowers. This boot is light weight and has great traction. Great service by Amazon. I expected the boot in about 7 days, but received it in three. Thanks Amazon. Will recommend to family and friends.
B000BFIHVS Cuts into my toes Where the boot creases when I walk it cuts into my toes leaving, which after some time cut through the skin.  I've applied mink oil and tried to break in the leather, and it has gotten better, but still somewhat of a problem.  Otherwise the boot works as expected.  Good weather protection.  Good walking.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot I highly recommend, I might get wider size (EEE) next time just to see, But I love them very light on the feet
B000BFIHVS Great boot Better than I'd hoped.  Been a boot guy most of my life and these are a great light weight boot.  I'd categorize as a solid light hiker.  Super comfy from day one.
B000BFIHVS Timberland men's white ledge boot First, I chose the boot for its style - it has filled the bill.  The boot is comfortable, durable and waterproof.  I don't use it for hiking, but rather for wearing on motorcycle cruiser riding.  The ankle area has enough support and is durable for warmer weather riding.  Amazon always has great products and utilizes great vendors for their products.
B000BFIHVS Fits great, wears great, looks great! I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this boot.  For me it is perfect.  If anyone is buying it as a heavy work boot, I don't think it would work well as it is probably too light for that.
B000BFIHVS Great boot I would highly recommend these boots to anyone. Light weight and well made. Very comfortable. I've used them twice already with very little break in time.
B000BFIHVS Great boot Great boot - exceeded expectations considering price.  Very light weight while providing the supported I needed.  Not for hard core hiking, but serves well for causal wear and work around yard.  Would recommend.
B000BFIHVS Great boot! This is the third pair of these boots my husband has owned. They are the most comfortable boot he has ever had!!
B000BFIHVS Great Timberland boot Great boot fits well and is easy to take care of. has a good grip in both snow and icy slush that New England weather brings
B000BFIHVS great all-around boot I've been using this boot for work for about 5 years now. Great all around boot, comfortable, and affordable. Consistent sizing, as I buy replacement pairs from this site.
B000BFIHVS Loving the WHite Ledge Boot THe product fits perfect and looks very nice and comfortable, hopefully will last long. Going to be used as a snow boot and as a motorcycle boots.
B000BFIHVS great fit and light weight and comfrontable Great light weight boot and comfortable the best boot so far and water proof I love hiking in them a+
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot, Fits as expected, better looking than picture, very comfortable, no real break in period required. cleans up great with a damp cloth
B000BFIHVS Some issues w/boots First pair rubber started separating from uppers where the two meet in about three weeks. Amazon replaced boot and first time I wore a blister formed on my toe from the stitching on roof of boot where the liner is stitched together. I again returned as a shoe repair shop said that could not be fixed. The boot was the most comfortable I've ever owned however.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot! Took one day to brake in and it fits like a glove. Would recommend it to anyone. Can't go wrong with Timberland.
B000BFIHVS Very rough on the top of the foot Seems like it should be a good boot. I have owned several similar boot by Timberland, but this one the laces and tongue just cut in the top of the foot.At least that is my experience, but each foot is different.
B000BFIHVS Timberland men white ledge boot Yes  i like them , the wear good and very light ,just what I needed for every day working,im pleased
B000BFIHVS great boot This boot is light weight, all-day comfortable, good-looking and waterproof.  I bought another pair.  One for working & one for playing.
B000BFIHVS Cool boots! This boot has gotten me lots of complements. It's not tight and they are comfortable to walk in. Great deal.
B000BFIHVS Good boot Had to break them in by wearing around the house. So far a great boot, much better than the cheap shoes I usually buy. Look and feel very sturdy. Should last a long time. Well pleased
B000BFIHVS good solid boot The boot is great. Just as advertised. I put some mink oil on the boots and they were totally water proof.
B000BFIHVS Timberland quality I love these boots for their style and looks. I have two pairs. One black and one brown, Great for casual attire. Does not hold up well as a work boot.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable but require specific tying routine This pair of boot is very comfortable but requires extra care when tying to avoid having the water-tight layer (under the lace, connected to the rest of the boot, corners must be pulled away from foot while lacing up) dig into the top of your foot. Perfect for working in wet areas with mud. If it wasn't for the bunching corners, this would be a 5-star item.Cons: Layer can make an uncomfortable bump on top of boot if not tied a certain way.
B000BFIHVS great boot Fits the way I expected and so far have been comfortable to wear.  I don't wear boots as often as I used to so I can't speak for durability yet
B000BFIHVS Great boot, great fit After much searching, I settled on this boot.  I am well satisfied with the style, fit, and quality.  The price and delivery were excellent.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot My husband has been buying this same boot for some time now. He is very happy with the weight and how it fits. The only problem is that is doesn't hold up as well as we would hope. He is very active and on his feet all day long outside in all types of weather. The sole starts to separate at the toe before he wears out the upper part. It is really hard to find a boot that is comfortable and sturdy without being hard and heavy. We will continue buying this boot for as long as we can find it.
B000BFIHVS No better than cross trainers I bought these, my second pair of Timberlands, after sending the first back with poor construction. I was hoping for a boot to wear around the office that had more support than casual work shoes.My observations:The first thing that I noticed was that these boots seem to run a little short. The width was right on, but I would consider ordering a 1/2 size up if you are going to wear heavy socks.Second, these boot offer NO mid-sole support whatsoever. With every step you feel the mid-sole bend. I would not rate these as even a "light hiker". Maybe a good fashion boot for people that like the outdoorsy look.Third, is that the lace loops appear to be plastic rings. I would imagine they will get brittle over time or even break.Finally, like the euro hikers I just sent back, the manner in which the lace hardware was riveted to the boot left most of the backsides of hook rivets with sharp edges exposed to the inside of the boot (and your ankle). You can clearly see the deformed back side of the rivets, but I guess nobody at timberland's overseas sweatshop looked at their work before boxing and shipping.
B000BFIHVS Excellent..Light...Love it Very comfortable...lightweighted and very durable. This is the best boot I ever owned. I use to owned a red wing boot for $400 and it's heavy and hurt my feet if I wore it for half a day. This Timberland boot feels very good it seems like you are wearing a pair of sneaker.
B000BFIHVS Pretty Nice Boot This boot is exactly what I was looking for in both style and substance. Quality made, good materials, and the waterproofing seems to be working just fine. Comfortable with good support. They are a great boot to wear indoors and out. The only reason I wouldn't give these a five star rating is because they take a while to break in....maybe a little too long. But I will say they were worth the wait....and worth the price, which I thought was pretty reasonable when compared to similar boots.
B000BFIHVS Boot Review Nice looking boot, however the insoles of both the Timberland boots that I've purchased have been lacking in comfort and support.
B000BFIHVS Great waterproof boot! Great boot!  Waterproof and it is very comfortable.  The boot fits a large which should accommodate thicker socks.  Overall...very happy with the boot!
B000BFIHVS Buy a different boot. The tongue is low quality pleather and the one on my right boot doesn't lay flat across the top of the foot when boot is tied.This one is much betterTimberland Mens Chocorua Trail Gore-Tex Mid Hiking Boot
B000BFIHVS So far so good!! So far so good!!!  The boot fits well - I bought a 10.5 size so I would have room for double socks in the winter.  They feel very comfortable and form fitted to my foot.  The true test is when I use the this winter, but based on my past boot experinces these boots seem to have the right stuff!!!
B000BFIHVS Great Boot Great Boot. Good Fit.  Probably my 5th boot purchase over the last 10 years. We have two Goldens and walk on average 6 miles daily......all weather.........in the mountains...........no boot lasts forever, but Timberland has always been my go to.........could have waited one more season, but the sale price hooked me. I would rate this 5 star, but that seems overkill........a very good product, but............ hey, it's a Boot......!!!
B000BFIHVS Excellent Boot I'm very pleased with this boot. It fits well. It gives good support to my feet, which is important for me. I have planar fasceitis in both feet so a good supporting boot is very important. The sole gives good traction in the snow.
B000BFIHVS Nice boot Really like the look and feel of this boot. Used some cream to protect them from wet and snow but not really meant for those conditions. Just playing it safe. Good outdoors boot.
B000BFIHVS Super comfort from Timberland and Amazon. I usually wear the larger style ,the chocura boot but decided to try this shorter boot.  It is true to size, super comfortable, and a joy to wear.  Thank you Timberland for this exceptional boot.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot - Felt Good from the First Wearing! From the moment my husband put this boot on, his feet were comfortable.  That is unusual for him, especially since he was going on an extended hike.  We are happy with the appearance and price, too!
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge Boot If you are looking for a great all arround boot this it. It is very light wt. and confortable. Just put it on and wear it no breaking in needed. Great for lawn work,hikinng and hunting. This has been my favorite boot for years.
B000BFIHVS Found the best I searched for quite a while before a great deal on a great boot came along. The boot is fantastic quality with all the features I like&#8212;waterproof, genuine leather, comfort, cost, and cool looks&#8212; as some of the others I found were lacking in one or more of those factors.
B000BFIHVS good boot for the price. This is the second Timberland boot I've purchased and for the money it's a fine product. A little stiff at first but soon breaks in and is comfortable. True to size I might add.
B000BFIHVS Great boot and a great price. Very comfortable and a quality boot for the price. I couldn't find the anywhere for the price. That's why I bought 2 pairs .:)
B000BFIHVS Good cheap boot Not the best boot I have ever owned. But for the price it's just fine. Looks good, is waterproof, and has more padding than most Timberlands. I'm not sure I'd want to do any real lengthy hiking in it. But for regular use I'm happy.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot This boot is great for outdoor work.  It has good support and does not feel too heavy like some work boots do.  The fit is perfect and is an all-around good value and great boot.
B000BFIHVS Super Boot I have been buying this hiking boot for several years and will continue.  The price on line can't be beat.  The boot is comfortable and light, great in the Mtn's. where I live and I ware them year round.  A recommended buy by me.
B000BFIHVS Very good boot all around Comfortable, nice looks, waterproofing has held up so far. An excellent boot to go fishing, hike around town. May not be the right boot to spend a week on the applachain tail or other serious hiking but I like it for average wear.
B000BFIHVS LIKE THE LOOKS I WEAR THIS BOOT WHEN I GO OUT FOR LOCAL EVENTS BECAUSE  IT IS A GOOD LOOKING BOOT AND IT IS A COMFORTABLE BOOT TO WEAR
B000BFIHVS Would buy it again Great boot. Bought it for my son and he wasn't sure in the beginning, but it fits well and true to size. Great boots for snow. He's tough on shoes and this boot lives up to his treatment so far. I would buy them again.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot These fix true to size and I like that the top back is a mesh rather than the thin leather that some boots have that eventually end up cracking.  I expect these boots to last a long time they are an excellent quality made boot.
B000BFIHVS Great boot My husband was sorely disappointed that he could no longer find this boot locally. Since I have had nothing but good luck purchasing through Amazon I decided to look for the boot here.  It arrived timely, good condition and my husband has had no complaints. I am sure when his current pair is worn out we will purchase the next pair here.
B000BFIHVS My boot broke didn't even get to wear a week Lace holder broke off boot first week I useded them very disappointed I'm my timberlands I paid so much money for
B000BFIHVS Best price for this boot I found this boot in several stores and online, but not at anything near the price I was able to get through Amazon.  Delivered on time and was exactly what I wanted.
B000BFIHVS Like this boot Very easy to get on & off  for a big boot . Good heavy laces. Time will tell how good they hold up
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot I purchased these as a replacement.Good shoe, very comfortable.Does take a while to break in but well worth it.
B000BFIHVS Comfort and Style This is a great boot for work or casual wear.  The boot is lightweight and very comfortable if you walk a lot.
B000BFIHVS Great boot This is a great boot that would be prefect if the manufacture would list that the boot is slightly larger than the standard sizing charts.  I wear a 9.5 D and must wear a thicker pair of socks to get a perfect fit.  I tried the 9.0 D locally and they are to small.  I would find a pair locally to see what size fits before buying on line.
B000BFIHVS awsome boots these are the lightest most comfortable boot timberland makes and they are my favorite. been wearing them for years. Great boot
B000BFIHVS Affordable Comfort In an All Weather Boot This boot fits great just order a full size smaller.  For me I typically wear a 11w, with Timbs it a 10w.  So far it seems to be very durable and waterproof.  After a day of wear it felt broken in.  Decent looking. Decent Tread. Great for cold hikes.
B000BFIHVS Great looking boot! Love the color and simple design on this shoe. In my opinion, it didn't have that overwhelming look and feel of a bulky hiking boot. They felt light on my feet but protective at the same time. This boot fit a little big but I was planning to wear them with thicker socks so it worked out. I really like the look of the boot and they feel very comfortable. No hot spots.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot, size 11M The boots fit perfectly, and are very comfortable and great looking.  I would highly recommend these boots to anyone who needs a good hiking boot.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge Boot I had a similar Timberland boot that I wanted to keep nice for going to town, church, etc, and I wanted one like it for at home, work, hiking, etc, but I didn't want to pay as much.  I found this White Ledge boot on Amazon and paid over $30 less that I would have in a nearby store.  It fit well, very comfortable, and meets all the needs I have.  I expect it will last years as have other Timberland boots I've had.  I will buy more in a few years if I can find them again.
B000BFIHVS Outstanding This boot is awesome..plain and simple.  As soon as I took it out of the box it felt worn in.  Put the boot on and it was like I had walked in it for months...very comfortable.  I also like how light it is.  I tend to put my boots through the ringer (snow..mud..etc.)...and this hiking boot holds up great.  You can't beat the price either.
B000BFIHVS Truly a very good boot. Truly a very good boot. The boot fits well and is truly waterproof. I bought this boot before and still have them after three years.
B000BFIHVS Great boot when working in wet conditions! I have bought Timberlands in the past and they are a great work boot. Feels good on the foot and lasts along time!
B000BFIHVS Amazon's most popular boot......but I have had better luck Sometimes you can't just buy based on reviews.  I purchased this boot since it was Amazon's most popular boot. I originally bought this bootTimberland White Ledge Mid Waterproofbut when it arrived, I found it a bit tight near my pinky toe in width. I just wanted to return it for the next big width, but Amazon did not have it available......so I had to purchase this boot in size 9.5 Wide. It resembles the boot in every way but I don't know why Amazon gives it a different name.When it arrived,  it fit better that the one I returned since it was a wide version. Trying it in the home, it seemed like I had found a good boot. It was lightweight, waterproof, and provided good warmth for the cold weather.  But when I started commuting in the boots,  my opinion changed.  When I started walking every day to work (combination of subway, stairs, and sidewalk walking) I found my right foot developing a crease that became painful whenever I stepped forward. The crease in the leather was rubbing against my big toe. Some guys at work told me to not lace them tight....and that did help a bit but not completely.  My left foot was fine.  Then some people I spoke to told me to get sneaker savers, but I didn't want to go that route.  After wearing them for a few weeks now,  they have become better, but I certainly can say I have seen better boots.I have tested it waterproofing capabilities.  Maybe after wearing them for a longer period I might change my opinion,  but if I have to worry how I lace a boot in order to provide comfort....then maybe these are not the right fit for me.
B000BFIHVS Good boot. I am a delivery person. This boot is comfortable and lasts longer than other similarly priced boots.  It's all I buy for my job, and yes I have tried other boot brands.
B000BFIHVS Lovely boot, just a fraction too small :( Very comfy boot and look well made. Sadly the size 12 is just a fraction too short for me. A 13 would be too big and Timberland don't do a 12.5 so I have bought another boot. What a shame, as these would have suited me perfectly.
B000BFIHVS Das Boot! A great ankle-height boot that will be tough in hiking conditions but flexible when needed. This product was well worth he money spent and will be of great help in many hiking environments.
B000BFIHVS Good boot, decent price Nice looking boot for day hikes or around town or travel; with jeans or khakis. Light weight but still feel sturdy and durable. Good tread, toe kick, sole seem able to handle pavement or trails. Have worn in damp conditions but can't yet verify if really waterproof in puddles and streams or how well it lasts. Sizing seems true with medium/heavy socks. Reasonably comfy out of the box. Only negative is a bit of a bulge in leather on one boot, slight but noticeable.
B000BFIHVS A decent boot I purchased this boot because of the price.  It is a good boot for day to day activities, not something I would pick for  extreme cold or rugged use.
B000BFIHVS Nice work boot This boot has a very comfortable fit. There is room for heavy sock . The ankle collar is somewhat stiff and will take some break in time I am sure that in the long run it will feel comfy.
B000BFIHVS Could be better I have wide feet so I went for the 9 2E size. The boot fit perfectly and didn't require much to break into them. Bought this because of the reviews on being a great hiking boot. They were right on the money. I hiked every other weekend for about 4 months and it didn't disappoint. I loved how I was able to bend my ankles comfortably during my hikes; especially while rock scrambling. If this boot was that great for hiking, why not for work in construction. Again this boot didn't disappoint. I was stressing the limits of this boot; I worked 6 days week and sometimes hiked on the 7th.Everything was fine until about 7 months later. The rubber tip on one of the boots, that protect your toes in the front, began to peel away from where it connects with the leather material. I do light construction where I walk on even surfaces 80% of the time and I didn't expect this to happen, especially for a Timberland product. This started happening 7 months after I bought this product and 3 months after I stopped hiking. So I would have expected the peeling as a result of hiking, not from construction.The boot is entering it's 10th month of service and used only for work. The tip didn't peel off to the point where it's dangling. It's still functional and doesn't appear to peel any further.To conclude my review, I would still recommend this boot. But only for occasional beginner to intermediate hikes and not as work boots.
B000BFIHVS Fair boot for fair price..... I basically got a stylish boot that is of medium comfort.  I got what I paid for.  Completely satisfied as the value met expectations.
B000BFIHVS A great boot I have been wearing this boot for the past eight months and in that time I have walked through snow and deep water puddles and this boot does a great job of keeping my feet dry. The boot is very comfortable, it doesn't rub on my ankles with is a huge plus. Great boot for the money.
B000BFIHVS This would be a nice boot if not for one design flaw This boot is very similar to the old Chocorua (pre-gortex). I got it to replace Chocoruas that lost one of the lace hooks. Unfortunately, White Ledge has one significant difference in design from Chocoruas: the tongue is too narrow in the middle and it disconnects from the rest of the boot too low. What I mean by that is that when the shoe is tied, there is a sizable hole between the tongue and the boot above the lower 4 lace hooks. The hole is large enough to let the water seep in in rain or splash.I returned these boots and I would not recommend getting them unless the arch of your foot is exceptionally low, allowing the boot close over the tongue properly. On my foot, there was no way to close the holes.
B000BGMMZ4 A Quality Boot at a Quality Price I normally purchase everything thru Amazon, and had looked at these particular boots.  While travelling, I came across a store that carried this particular style.  I normally go with a 10.5 M, but opted to try out a pair of 11's.  These are really comfortable and a great looking shoe/boot.  I had been inclined to go with the 6&#34; type, but these have a great look and feel super on my feet.  I prefer Tims over any other boot, for their quality and sureness of fit.
B000BGMMZ4 Great fit and style The shipping was faster than I had expected. Boots fit very well and are extremely comfortable. They have a thicker base and thicker leather which provides a longer lasting boot. Also, it was great to find the size I ordered as it has been difficult to find that size in the past. I would recommend this style of boot for anyone.
B000BOFDF2 Boot Made for a Kid-Bought by a Woman I have been looking for a well made hiking boot that is at a reasonable cost. The store that I visited had very few non clunky looking boots in the women's section. The men's work boots were limited in what might fit my Women's size 8 feet.  So I traveled to the young boys section and this boot was waiting for me.  I was able to snag them up for less than the advertised price and LOVE them.  They are great hikers with good construction, nice support and look cute with jeans. I will get a lot of wear out of them this fall and winter on the trails. The prices in the big boys section allowed me to get a better boot for the money.
B000FDPXW2 Nice fitting Boot Great looking footwear for all weather. I've worn ths boot in the rain and reasonable amount of snow and my feet remained completely dry and comfortably warm. I purchased this boot in black, it's more of a greyish color than black,but not to worry it was worth the money and if the price were lower I order another pair today .
B000G1Z9XG Timberland Men Euro Boot This is a very comfortable and stylish boot. They can be worn with jeans or casual slacks. This product was at a affordable price.
B000G1Z9XG The best Hiker boot. I really enjoy walking with my Euro Boot.I would buy this again. Thanks! I would recommend this to my friend.
B000G1Z9XG Euro the boot for me. This boot looks great,feel great,has a smooth cushion step.i have had a knee replacement so I like a comfortable boot.thank you timberland and amozone.
B000G21BSC Glued Seams Separating sole from Boot Very comfortable boot. But I am not going to get to enjoy them long enough.The upper boot is separating from the sole at points where the boot flexes.  Moisture resistance is compromised.Very disappointing design or manufacturing flaw- boot should last longer than a few months of weekend wear.
B000G21BSC Great hiking boot I wore them only once so far and they were very comfortable. Well made boot can't wait to wear them again! I bought these for my wife,so this is her review. I have a pair of these myself I really am happy with so I got these for her.
B000G21BSC Highest Quality, Excellent Hiking Boot! The Timberland Women's White Ledge Midd Ankle Boot turned out to be everything I had hoped it would be. It is of the highest grade materials, inside and out. The fit is perfect. The boot is very comfortable. I have not gone on long hikes in it yet, but I have worn it around for hours, and it has remained very comfortable. It is also waterproof...another plus! The bottoms have intensive gripping for ice and snow. These are the boots you want to have for inclement weather! They are perfect for hiking too. whether you are taking a leisurely path, or climbing.I bought this boot to face all odds, and I believe it will do that for me.
B000G21BSC Timberland Womens's White Ledge Mid Ankle Boot The fit is perfect.  I could wear this boot out of the box and go for a walk.  The boot is beautifully made.  I am very pleased with my purchase.
B000G21BSC Great Boot I'm very happy with this boot.  It's very comfortable, fits perfectly, and is a great value.  I highly recommend these boots.
B000G21BSC Solid Four Season Hiking Boot Very good hiking boot! I average about 9 hours of hiking on trails of moderate difficulty per week. Timberland boots seem much more sturdy than other (more famous) boots. The Chocorua is my favorite boot due to ankle hieght. In all other aspects the White Ledge is comparabe.
B000G23DQK Awesome It is a really good looking boot. Feels bigger than I expected but is still a really nice boot. GOOD CHOICE
B000G23DQK Buy it on AMAZON... AND AVOID SPENDING $180 @ RETAIL OUTLETS. You can't find a cheaper buy for the standard, classic Timberland Men's Premium double sole wheat  boot. Standard retailers charge upto 200 dollars and you can buy it here for almost half of that. The boot is great quality to get you by the day to day activities of a dry winter. dress them up or down for work or play. This boot is definitely fun and functional. Timeless a must have for the fall and winter. BUY IT ON AMAZON!
B000G23DQK Excellent Boot At first i thought this boot would suck, but my girlfriend told me to try it on and i was shocked! When it came in the mailI smelled fresh rubber and the shoe felt so good in my hands i decided to try it on.. I wear size 8.5 but i ordered a 9, so the shoe size is deffinetly true and my oh my it felt so comfortable! It took 1 day for me to break them in and my girlfriend absolutley loves them on me. This boot is deffinetly water proof, creases easily; however, its durability is nice. This is a must buy for people looking for boots.
B000G23DQK I will probably rate higher after some prolonged wear experience. I have noticed a lot of comments on the boot being too big for stated size and want to share some personal experience with fitting. These boots fit as advertised, in my opinion. In college I worked at  a shoe store part time and learned from an experienced "shoe guy" and from my customers every day. It was my experience that most all of us tend to self select shoes that are too small. Especially boots. I learned that more important than overall length is your arch length. In my case my foot measures a little over size 10 in length but my Arch length is very close to 11. The length of the Arch determines where the ball of the foot is most supported, in the widest part of the shoe/boot. In a boot you also want a little extra length to compensate for walking down steep grades thus allowing a little extra room for your toes avoiding hot spots and blisters. The laces will keep your foot back in the boot for proper fit when walking on flat surfaces. Therefor in my case I ordered the Timberland Premium 6" boot in size 10.5 medium US and they fit perfectly. Also if you think the boot still feels a little loose you can adjust by adding a different insole to tighten things up. I hope this helps. BTW I don't work for any shoe company.All the best
B000G23DQK A review on the timberland boot premium very good boot and comfortable. they are what boots should be made like. buy if you u want quality boots
B000G23DQK Very impressive boot for that price This boot s very stylish and comfortable. It snows quite a lot where I live and this boot is the perfect one to be used at such weather. On the other hand, I wear it with my pants to go to clubs. They are just for anywhere use.
B000G23DQK One boot is VERY uncomfortable. Nice boots but one boot is taking a while to become broken in. This is unusual for a Timberland product as their sizing is usually spot on for me. Time will tell.Very uncomfortable now though.
B000G23DQK Great everyday boot International delivery was rather quickly.As a result, great value for twice less money comparing to offlines stores.The only dissapointment was little cut on 1 boot, but it's hard to see it in everydaywear.
B000G23DQK ok Did not like the fit of this boot.  Color was not what i had expected.  Boot was so heavy and clunky.
B000G23DQK Thanks I am pleased with this boot, it fits perfect and its a 6.5 which is a size that is almost never available.  Finally, I a quality workboot that fits a narrow foot.  Thank you, this a boot I would buy again
B000G23DQK Waterproof boot The love the color and the price was great.  Very sturdy boot and the waterproof is a plus.  Great feel.
B000G23DQK timberland men's boot purchased as a gift for my grandson.  he was very satisfied with the fit and color.  basic boot was same price as premium boot in stores.
B000G23DQK Built for balance Awesome boot - I've had a couple pairs of Timberlands through the years and they are the best boot on the market. My line of work is construction so I'm year around outdoors. Durable, warm in the cold, and I like the wide width option too.
B000G23DQK Good firm boot I would recommend that when buying this boot you go down about a half size. It may be very stiff at first but wear it for a couple of days and let the material break in and get softer then it becomes pretty comfortable
B000G23DQK nice boot&#65281;&#65281; very nice boot!!  I love it very much!!  This boot isn't very black when in the sunshine it become red!!
B000G23DQK Timberland Disgustingly Sells Used Washed Out Boots First! This boot is stretched with creases suggesting that it has been worn - probably from too many fit-testing. I will be returning. This is my 3rd pair of Timberland 72066 boot reordered thus far within the last 45 days - same problem. The first one I purchased from a local Timberland store was the worst. It washed out, too many creases and one of the laces is too short. I have also purchased the black and brown varieties - no problem there.I suspect that Timberland Co. has a tendency to attempt to sell the broken boots first. The more popular the boot, like the one above, the greater the probability of worn boots. 180 bucks for broken washed out boots!? I also will be returning this boot for a new one.
B000G23DQK Great Boot!! Great Boot and are very stylish!! Comfortable and waterproof! At a good price for what you are getting. They will last a long time too.
B000G23DQK nice boot nice boot, have had a boot like this before, but was insulated. thats what i thought i was getting. my mistake, need to look closer at product. still a good boot, just more summery. i preferr to by american made, we all know how hard that is in these areas. i purchased redwing boots( the ones actually made in mn) good boot also, more money, but usa owned and built. please support us workers when you can.....mike
B000G23DQK Timberland Premium Boot I bought these boots for my 13 year old son, and he loved them. He said they are very comfortable and keep your feet dry in the snow. He also said he got lots of complaments at school too. If you want a quality boot for a decent price, I would recommend the Timberland Premium Boot.
B000G23DQK great boot excellent quality boot, arrived on time and packaged good. You really can never go wrong with a good Timberland boot
B000G23DQK Great Boot Its a great boot and b/c of the material of it, its seems to last longer and look better. It doesn't show much breakage in the boot and looks fresh out the box. I'm so glad timberland created a boot that would keep the fresh look even after a few uses...
B000G23DQK Super Tims!!! I had this boot about 15 years ago only it was in an 8 inch. But it still looks good and fits the same. I recommend this one to anyone that needs a chocolate boot...
B000G23DQK good boot&#65281;&#65281;&#65281; this is the first time i buy boot online, this boot is very expensive but i think it worth the price, i will support amazon in the further ,do not let me disappoint!
B000G23DQK Great Boot! Just what you'd expect from Timberland. Great looking, sturdy boot. Fits true to size. I would definitely recommend this boot.
B000G23DQK Beautiful, well made, good-fitting boot I have an extremely wide foot and I need good ankle support. This boot fits both requirements at a great price. It's not too heavy and  feels great! I am very pleased with this purchase!
B000G2419S A well-made boot These aren't made for winter, but Im using them as a winter boot anyway because the soles are very rubbery and grippy. The leather is very smooth and is waterproof; I havent sprayed it with any protectants to we'll see how they hold up to snow and salt.It is a PAIN to have to lace and unlace each time you put them off or off. I'm not used to boots that dont have zippers! So keep that in mind.I ordered a half size up and they are roomy enough for me to wear thick wool socks with them. My true size is 7.5.They don't exactly make your feet look small but they are flattering nonetheless. They seem like they can handle the abuse I put my shoes through.The taupe color refers the taupe border on the top of the boot. The boot itself is an olive color.
B000G261IW Timberland boot Great boot and very much like the Red Wing that has been discontinued. Comfortable and very happy with the product.
B000HGZRYQ Changed For The Worse in 2011 I'm submitting this review Apr. 2, 2011.  My 2009 review is revised to reflect the updated version of this boot.It saddens me to report that this boot was modified by Timberland and made much worse.  I totally loved the previous version.  Here are my findings after buying this latest model:PROS:Nothing was improved upon.  I will say that, at least, the boot is still waterproof thus far.CONS:The worst change is in the shank supporting the middle of the foot.  Before, the Rugged Street Chukka was a lot more rigid in the midsole area.  It seems now that a weaker, more pliable material has been substituted.  This new shank material allows uncomfortable pronation, or twisting and bending, of the shank when stepping onto uneven surfaces.  I'd have paid more money if they'd left this design feature the same.Next, Timberland raised the height of the toe box noticeably.  A little might've been okay, but they went overboard for sure. I bought this boot in the correct length and width, but my foot still slides forward due to the tall height of the toe box. Also, the excess height of the toe section makes this boot appear more like a work or strictly outdoor boot.  Previously, the design was much more urban and versatile, due to a shorter toe box.  All change is not good.
B000II5CUM Timberland Men's Roll Top Bottoam Line Boot I enjoyed the purchase of this product. The boots are very fashionable and an eye looker! The price of the boot was very afordable!
B000IVNWLU great boot this a great boot!!comfort level is a 9 and for a boot that is high for me.i love the comfort of Privo shoes in general.the one thing i have always had to do with this brand is go down a half size.my foot is a medium width and i have tried my true size and have sent back two shoes due the sizing of this brand.very happy and what a great price.
B000KVA7YI GREAT BOOT!!!! These TIMs ARe SWEEEEET LOVE THEM!!!!!!! tell your friends, GET THEM. I would highly recomenend them to all taht are looking to get a good work boot.
B000KVA7YI Great boots This boot is well constructed and very comfortable! I was having trouble finding a size 14W till I found these
B000KVA7YI Great for the price! Not a bad looking boot, soles are very comfortable, but I don't care how comfortable a boot is after a long day your feet hurt. The right boot is a little snug at the toes and I got 15EE but my right foot could be just a little wider. I'm used to wearing logger boots, but decided to go with a cheaper boot. Cheaper boot with cheaper materials. Still holding up ok though for $100. Logger boots have stiffer and thicker leather where these boots are thinner leather but easier to break in. Also there are no hooks for the laces at the top of the boot, it's just eyelets which tends to be a pain putting on and taking off but I'll deal. So miner details but definitely not a bad boot for the price!
B000MX4UGU Best brand of boot I've always loved Timberland and will never wear any other brand of boot. Very sturdy and durable as expected. I highly recommend.
B000P65BNA Boot Review I like the style but I was surprised at the weight of the boot, I really didn't expect it to be as heavy as it is. Also, they looked prettier in the picture...
B000QW02F0 Great Work Boot This boot is a great work boot.  It is very comfortable and lasts quite long for being in the median price range.  I would recommend to a friend.  Only thing is in the description it states that this is the waterproof boot, and it is not, the waterproof boot states it in the title and description.  Amazon has waterproof in the description of this specific boot but it is not.
B000UCCQEQ Great boot !  That's my 2nd Timberland. I recommend to all those who are looking for a good trekking boot. Comfortable. Light. Resistant. Fast delivery.  All went fine.
B000VIAOMU Nice boot for a little guy This is a really well made boot for kids.  It fits great.  An issue I was worried about was how difficult would it be to get the boot on, since it laces.  When the laces are loose, the boot slides on easily.  Shipping was really fast.  I ordered this on Amazon Prime and received it the next day.
B000VIAOMU Good buy Great looking sturdy boot for my rough and rugged little boy. They seem to run a little large as with most boots but that's what I expected
B000VQ9QKS The best boot I've ever had! This boot provides ankle stablility, is extrememly comfortable, lightweight and is correctly sized. I'm on my 3rd pair and each one has performed exactly as the first. I recently went on a "coast to coast" 100+ mile walking trip in Scotland and used this boot without a break-in period and suffered no ill effects, no blisters, no problems! I also wore sock liners and SmartWool medium weight hiking socks. Although the insert is adequate I have high arches and switched the insert to match my foot style.
B000VQ9QKS Perfet Fit these are the most comfortable boots I have ever put on..I have foot issues and usually nothing fits well..but when I put these on at the advice of a friend I was amazed at how well they felt..I hope they never change this boot ...in any way...***(AMAZON please show the correct picture of this HIKING BOOT..) ***
B000VQ9QKS Very comfortable and long wearing I bought this boot for my wife who works in the deli of a grocery store to replace her worn out Timberland Pro Titan series steel toe work boots.  The trail boot is very comfortable right out of the box and weighs a lot less than the Titan work boot, however we found out that the trail boot does not have the same kind of anti-skid soles as the Titan work boot.  The trail boot is too slippery to wear working in the deli, so I purchased another pair of Timberland Pro Titan's at a work boot store.  The Trail boot is better suited and great for normal wear in cold, wet or snowy weather outdoors.  The Timberland Pro Titan is also a very comfortable work boot but is better suited for working long hours on your feet in wet or cold conditions or on slippery floors.  I should add that I have been wearing this same boot in men's for 4 or 5 years.  With minimal care you can get many years of wear out of these boots.  They are a very good buy.
B000VQ9QKS Timberland Women's Chocorua Boot I cannot tell you how much I love this boot. Fits wonderfully and I was able to wear them from day one. Really needed them during this rough Midwest winter we had.
B000VQ9QKS Helps Me Keep My Footing While Hiking This boot has taken me over different terrain and has never failed to keep me from falling or slipping.Recently I was hiking on extremely rocky ground and my ankle twisted.  To my surprise, the boot kept the ankle from being seriously injured.  Although it was sore the ankle healed quickly thanks to this Timberland Boot.If you are an avid hiker and love waterfalls, this boot will keep you comfortable, dry and safe.
B000VQ9QKS Timberland Women's Chocorua Trail Boot The boots are great, I have already walked many miles in them.  They are comfortable, waterproof, and have great traction.  I would suggest them to any women that is looking for a nice hiking boot.
B000VQ9QKS Great boot. Boot fit perfectly. I bought is a half size bigger as I wear them at work outside in the winter and would be wearing a thick wool sock and they fit great.  Very comfortable and feet are dry at the end of my shift.  Love them!
B000VQ9QKS Bought the Men's Boot Some reason it shows I bought the women's boot.....Well I actually bought the mens 14w and love it. If you are walking around on snowing/icey sufaces use caution. Great boot with style and comfort.
B000VQ9YDW Not as pictured, but okay boot i just received these boots and was so disappointed.  to start the color "taupe" is much darker and muddier than pictured.  i was hoping for more of a beige from what the online image showed.  the toe of the boot is very long and narrow, more exaggerated than a cowboy boot, more rounded than a pointed toe boot.  and with the lighter color, the back fabric panel looked very odd and out of place.  the height of the boot is nice, esp for tall people.  it hit at a good place on my leg (i'm 5'10").  and they were very comfortable.  maybe the black would look better.... i had to return them because i couldn't wear them...too odd looking for me.
B000VQ9YDW Boot looks best in the picture This boot looks better in pictures.  Up close it is more like a mid quality boot with many pieces comprising the shape.  The shaft is not as wide as advertised, even with the fabric extension in the back of the boot.  Sole and heel are great and insole very comfortable.  Sadly, I had to return it as it was not a good enough fit.
B000VQ9YDW good boot This boot runs a little tight around the foot but is otherwise comfortable and a good price.
B000VQBPOS Nice Boot I was a little hesitant to buy this boot because of mixed reviews, but I like them so far.  They seem well-made and durable. I was looking for a waterproof boot with a low-key appearance for walking in England (flat &#34;hiking&#34; on streets & dirt trails).  I ordered a half size larger, as I do with any athletic shoe.  The fit is good with heavy boot socks, which is what I wanted.  Unlike at least one reviewer, I have no problem getting into the boot, despite the attached tongue.  I expect these boots will require a fair amount of break-in time; however, the first day I wore them for several hours & they were surprisingly comfortable.
B000VX03GC Good boot, but not that great just due to the cost This is a real solid boot. It's sturdy, the grip is nice and stable, and it is waterproof. You get the feeling that your feet are protected in this boot, and that feeling is really nice.The finishing is also great, and inside the boot, the liners give lot of comfort and cushioning.However, this still is a heavy boot , and does not leave room for your feet to breathe. Your feet is definitely nice and tucked in, but after a while, you start feeling the heat. Might work well for cold climates, but for where I stay, it's hot, and this boot makes me realize that it is indeed hot.This boot would have definitely been a 5 star from me, if it was 20$ less.
B000VX03GC Great boot and the Gore-tex saved me from frostbite!! Purchased this boot locally just a few days ago (Sorry Mr. Amazon) looking for a light weight water proof boot and these so far they have been perfect.Case in point - while not technically a winter boot, today I wore them snowshoeing. As I was walking along, my snowshoe sunk down into about 16 inches of water. The water covered the boot and luckily my pant leg kept water from getting inside the boot.With the temperature being -6 degrees I was very worried about my foot being wet and freezing. Amazingly there were only two small spots where my sock got wet and nothing else. I'm guessing the water came in around the laces.Highly recommended!
B000VX03GC timberland boot Awesome boot, fit great, and is very comfortable...recommend this boot to any one looking for a warm and comfortable boot at a reasonable price
B000VX03GC Comfortable and lightweight boot. Great boot at a reasonable price.  Not too sure how waterproof they are yet, but it is Gore-Tex and it usually is good.
B000VX03GC Great Boot that has it all This is my second Timberland hiking boot and as a much as I like the first pair the Chocurua is a big step up.  They are light,a comfortable fit, plenty of good support and nice looking.  They are sized perfectly and required no breaking in.  Just to be sure I wore them on my treadmill as a break in precaution and they were as comfortable as my workout shoes.  The value is all there.
B000VX03GC comfort and light The boot is 1 cm larger than I used to wear. But I will try to know if a little larger boot might provide me comfort or not. The weight of the boot is lighter than I expected.
B000VX03GC Decent Boot - just not much of a looker. Its a decent boot - would not have paid full price for it but with Amazon's price its a decent boot, its very light - so that's a plus. It was a tight 10.5 - if you plan to wear thick socks I would for sure go up a half size.
B000VX03GC Great boot Lightweight, water resistant, fairly aggressive tread, fit my foot well. Great all around boot. I would buy these again, in the future.
B000VX03GC Nice Boot, fits well This boot seems like a pretty good imported boot. Time will tell. There is a problem with the Amazon description though, the boot I received is uninsulated, it does NOT contain &#34;400 grams of Primaloft insulation&#34; as advertized. It is a goretex lined boot. We will see how it wears. Amazon needs to fix their description.
B000VX03GC Gret boot! Boot laces too short. I have  had 3 prs of this boot. All other pairs have had proper lace length. Love the boots. Very comfortable and waterproof.
B000VX03GC Had to go to this wider boot My podiatrist told me I needed a wider boot, so I bought the same kind of boot that I've been buying for years in a wider width. If my podiatrist likes them, they must be good. These are light weight, waterproof, and super comfortable for the kind of walking I do on my job.
B000VX03GC awesome boot ! these things feel like i've worn them for years.most comfortable boot right out of the box i've ever owned.love them so far !
B000VX03GC good boot so far I am happy with the boot, however, they need to be broken in as they are very solid boots.
B000VX03GC great boot! boots have gore-tex membrane to keep water out, shoe is very foot happy right out of box, shoe is light, good support & tough looking, i know because i have had this boot before, it is a no brainer, this boot is one of the best for my hunting & work activities. JWN
B000VX03GC Great boot for the price This boot might end up being a 5 star, I'm just waiting to try them in the cold wet weather. They're very comfortable and better looking than I thought they would be.
B000VX03GC Great boot It is a comfortable boot and holds up well.  I have purchased this boot before because it does the job.
B000VX03GC I am really bummed.... I love this boot. I have been wearing the exact same boot in the exact same size for years....I have gone thru 3 pairs, and, this purchase makes my 4th pair....I am really bummed to report that this boot in size 13 from Amazon is much smaller than the exact same boot in size 13 at House Of Shoes....The ones at House Of Shoes cost $129.........My aunt warned me that this could happen....I wish I had listened....I love this boot and I am probably going to end up with the 15130 size 13 that they are selling....I wouldn't buy these online again....Good Luck!
B000VX03GC best boot ever i have been in auto body repair for over 40 years and tryed every boot out there. timberland has the best boot out there for the money.you will not find a boot that will last like they do. AND BREAK IN ALLREADY DONE soft and flexible out of the box.
B000VX03GC great boot it took a long time for me to find a boot that I am this happy with, recommend this to all
B000VX03GC Great boot, great price. Always a five star for this repeat buy. Hopefully they will never stop making this classic boot. Perfect use for light construction work.
B000VX03GC Timberland 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boot I purchased this boot because of the Gore Tex reputation for waterproofness and I am very pleased - I have been in muck and water and my feet stay dry. I wish it had a little more insulation for warmth but the boot provides the main thing I was interested in - dry feet! The boot is good looking and provide a lot of support. Initially the boots felt very stiff but after a couple of hours wearing them they felt  comfortable. I did not experience the problems with the laces or eyelets that other reviews indicated.I initially purchased the boot in a size that didn't fit and exchanged them for the pair I now have. Amazon's return/exchange process is great! Very easy and very quick - definitely 5 Stars!
B000VX03GC CHOCURUA TRAIL GTX BOOT GREAT BOOT AT A GOOD PRICE, HOWEVER I WASN'T EXPECTING A CUSTOMS CHARGE AND A ROYAL MAIL HANDLING FEE ON TOP OF POSTAGE. IN FACT, I COULD HAVE GOT THEM IN THE UK AT THE SAME PRICE WHEN YOU A ADD THAT TOGETHER.
B000VX03GC nice boot but....... Was looking for a good insulated boot to keep my feet warm in winter months, this boot never made it outside, for 400 grams of insulation it seemed very thin to me......return !!!!!
B000VX03GC Good Boot Good boot. Very comfortable right out of the box. I&#8217;m on my 3rd pair. I first purchased these boots back in the 90&#8217;s and loved the comfort of them. I have had several other brans since I bought these again. These are by far the most comfortable.As for waterproof, my first pair lasted a long time before they failed. I was hoping for the same with my most recent buy. However, just after a couple of weeks on boot failed. I&#8217;m have returned them and just got my replacements. I hope that it was just a bad boot.
B000VX03GC Great Boot This boot is water proof as advertised.another feature is the ease of lacing putting on and removing the boot. Buy it
B000VX03GC Great boot and great price Nice light weight boot.  This is my second pair. I wear them in the woods hiking and cutting wood. Protective but not too heavy.
B000VX03GC Boot made small I have multiple pairs of the Timberline boot.  Most we're made in China and fit well.  These were made in VietNamand were very tight.
B000VX03GC great boot I bought this boot before and I liked it so much I purchased another pair . I  always buy the top brands and this boot will not let you down. Great feel right out of the box, wear well and are very water proof. I hope they  keep making this boot .
B000VX03GC Great Boot Fantastic boot at great price.  I do a lot of outdoor trekking up here in Minnesota.  Very comfy, light, warm ... I can't say enough.  Ordered 1/2 size larger and it fits perfect.
B000VX03WQ Change the tongue! The reviews are in, great boots but they changed the tongue for whatever reason and they are not the same. This is my fourth pair of these over the past 12 years, so I love the boots, but sad to say this will be my last. The tongue of the boot does not have the flap that connects it to the main body of the boot which kept rocks and dirt out. You would think it was not such a big deal, but my one star says otherwise. Change the boot back, and stars will align!Disappointed.
B000VX03WQ Great boot I used to buy these locally but no one carries this model anymore.  I have EEE feet and this boot is one of the few that fits comfortably, even if I wear it for a full day.  The concave bottoms grip well and are great for hiking.
B000VX03WQ Not the same boot! I had the eurohiker in the past and liked them. These ran a little large. Initially, they seemed okay, however, the tongue is no longer gusseted. Also, the tongue seems comically thick, but not wide enough to cover the inside of the rivets that hold the hardware onto the boot. This matters because the back of the top rivet on one boot actually gave me a small cut on my ankle. I am returning these boots and am likely done with Timberland.
B000VX03WQ Great Summer Boot Great Boot for summer weight. Only problem was that the toe box was very tight and gave me blisters first time out. So am taking them to the shoe guy who has a way with stretching. He has saved us many times..Very sturdy but light boot for outdoor jobs or hiking!!! Thank you to the seller and Amazon...
B000VX03WQ AWESOME boots This is my 3rd pair of these EURO boot design....  I have many challenges with my feet and have found these are the best fitting and most comfort for my feet issues.  So many of shoemakers keep changing their designs and I do worry that they will not continue to produce this model boot.  Good news is they HAVE kept this design and i find my self ordering just to make sure I have back up pair... that just shows you how much i enjoy this boot. Snug, comfort, light weight and looks sharp means alot to me! Please continue production!!!
B000VX03WQ Hiker Boot Excellent quality leather boot.  Great fit, comfortable from the first day.  I always go back to this style as I can rely on it never changing.  Love the fact that it is waterproof.
B000VX04MU great product Great boot.  Lasts a long time under extreme use.  Third pair in this same style.  Low cus..so it is light and feels more like a pair of high tops, not as much a work boot.
B000VX04PC Timberland Field Boot The timberland field boot is a great boot for the fall and winter. A must have and they look great also.
B000X46MOQ Terrible boot The boot I received is not the same as the boot in the picture.  I figured the style changed since the last time I bought this boot but this is NOWHERE near the same boot I previously purchased.  It is not even a little bit waterproof, dew from grass in the morning results in wet feet for the rest of the day.  And to top it off it is the most UNCOMFORTABLE work boot I have ever worn.  My feet feel like I have been walking barefoot on concrete all day.  There is absolutely no support for wearing all day.  I had been wearing the Timberland Pro Women's titan 6 inch Waterproof boots for over 2 years and they were finally starting to wear out so I had no choice but to try purchase a new pair, hoping it would be the same as the previous.  After wearing this version for 4 months, thinking they will break in and at least be semi-comfortable I have given up and they are going in the trash.  I will never purchase another pair of boots like this.  I rated it with one star just to emphasize that it is terrible-if I could have selected zero stars I would have.
B000X46MOQ Love Timberland boots, but... I am a huge Timberland fan. Over the years, I have owned 5 pair of their hiking boots.  I am a winter seasonal for the NPS. I can be outside in -5 weather up to 7 hours a day and require a good boot. I was delighted to find this boot, which met all safety requirements for my job.  With wool socks, my feet were never cold. They are lightweight which is one of my requirements.  My issue with this boot is that after 6 months the sole cracked just behind the ball of my foot. I repaired it and wore them another winter.  Like the boot so much I will continue to repair sole, but think this is a quality issue and not one Ive ever encountered with Timberland boots before.
B000X46MOQ Very good boot This is the second pair of Timberland Titans I've worn.  They are a comfortable, well fitting, light weight work boot in women's sizes (which are hard to find).  The sizing is good - I have a large foot and a size 10 fit perfectly even tho sometimes I need a 10 1/2 (impossible to find!).  Would have been a 5 star boot except the sole split making it unwearable tho the uppers were still in good enough shape.  But that was after almost 2 years of hard wear in farming and gardening.
B000XEA5ZI Too Big and Bulky for Me This really is an overall great boot.  I loved the comfort and durable outer material.  This is a true workers boot and will stand-up to any task.  However, I was looking more for a less bulky boot because I mainly use my steel toes to walk around the factory and wanted a lighter boot.
B000XEA5ZI Great boot Had problems with my feet for your years and these have been a great boot.  Hold up very well.  I have ordered a second pair just in case they discontinue this model.
B000XEA5ZI Great boot for climbing poles. This is a comfortable boot. The high straight heel is particularly well-suited for climbing telco poles.
B000XEA5ZI Best fitting and COMFORTABLE boot I've ever owned or bought. The boots got here in the time expected. I've been buying since I started working in the tow industry. I'm on my feet on the cement ALL DAY LONG, 10 hours and sometimes 12 hour days. The boots before these weren't the kind that could be re-soled. That's why I bought these. Everything is as expected so far with the boot. Timberland is a great boot. And the price compared to boot stores is 60$ cheaper... Very nice boot!!!!I strongly recommend timberland over any other boot. Amazon is the BOMB.
B000XEA5ZI Great boot This is a great boot, it just doesnt get any better than this boot, I am an electrician and love the feel of them. It isnt any heavier than any other quality steel toe boot, and it is comfortable.
B000XEA5ZI Great Boots, but.. Decided to go with the Pro Endurance this time but also ordered these in case they looked too flimsy.  The endurance boot is more comfy and lighter weight.  The Steel Trax have been a great boot for me for years but they're the typical work boot.  Have only had the Pro Endurance for a couple of weeks but so far, they are the most comfortable work boot I've tried.  I have worn Whites in the past then switched to the Steel Trax always trying to find a comfy but tough boot.  I'm thinking the endurance may be the new boot for me!  I work in a french fry manufacturing plant so time will tell if these are tough enough - but so far, so good!
B000XEA5ZI Boot Man Great boots, very comfortable wore them the first day for 12 hours walking along the RR and they performed very well. A little heavy but still a nice boot fir for the tough environments that I am subjected to performing my daily duties.
B000XEA5ZI Comfortable out of the box. The boots fit as they are sized, no need to order larger or smaller.  The front neck part of the boot is a bit tall, I just don't lace the top hole and they are perfect.  The toe box doesn't cut into the top of my foot like my previous Catepillar boots and just seems to flex at a more normal foot location. The air beds on the fore foot and the heel work great to make the shoe comfortable right away without any break-in time.  I drive a tow truck and have to kneel down a lot,  the toe cap does a great job keeping the boot from getting torn up even when having to kick damaged parts out of the way at an accident scene.  Overall,  probably the best boot I've purchased in the last 12 years.
B000XEAA0S Awesome work boot! Work 12hr days on concrete floors around heavy machinery. The boot feels great! Comfortable right from the get go! No break in period. A very tough and durable boot, yet lightweight.
B000XEAA0S If the boot fits.... Great, comfortable, didn't take long to break in.  Standard size, didn't have to send back. no more wet, cold feet.
B000XEAA0S worst boot ever I tried this boot for one week,have blisters on the bottom of my right foot and left foot is very sore. I will be sending them back for a refund.
B000XEAA0S Will only buy Timberlands. These boots are everything I wanted in a boot. I have tried other brands and nothing beats a timberland boot. Don't waste your time looking elsewhere. If this isn't your style they have a huge amount if options.
B000XEAA0S Nice looking boot, just wasnt comfortable Was looking for my usual redwing 4273. My dealer stopped carrying the red wing line so I settled on these. Big mistake. I wear a 10.5EE, have low arches, and tend to over-pronate when I walk.  Wore them for about 4 days and had to return them. Had pain from my feet all the way up my back.  Also had a spot in one of the boots where the lacing attached to the lower rubberized part of the boot that was driving my little toe crazy on top.  Had the timberland pro endurance in the past and it was a very comfortable boot, but just didn't last as long as my redwings. I changed the Powerwelts out for the timberland pro titans and have been very pleased with the fit.
B000XEACHO Great work boot! I ordered this boot for my husband.  He has been a fan of the Timberland Pro boots for quite a while and loved that this one has a waterproof barrier and a steel toe.  He is on his feet alot and really needs a sturdy boot.  He has worn the boots daily for two months in sun, rain, and ice and still loves them. He wears a wide and these are very comfortable. We highly recommend them.
B000XEACHO Great, comfortable boot I buy these boots for all my workers at the Company I run.  They are durable and comfortable, perfect for the labor involved in manufacturing.  I would definitely recommend this item to anyone looking for a boot to run through the ringer.
B000XEACHO Great Boot! Very sturdy and perfect for snow and rain. The boot does add some height too! Love the two-toned color. Def worth the buy!
B000XEACHO great boot this boot is a great boot. after you break it in; which only took me 2 days, it is very comfortable. im in my boots at least 12 hours a day, so i gota have a good pair. and im very perticulat or passionate about the products i buy. i expect the most out of every manufacturer. and timberland did a dam good job wit this one. i even love the design. the only think that i dislike about this boot is no the front. they came out wit this abrasive stuff that looks like rhino lining. it isnt that bad really but mine is starting to wear off you could say. i gota abrasion on the front and i dont remember hitin anything to cause it. i think it came from my boots being exposed to water and normal wear and tear.
B000XEACHO Expensive but worth it. Comfortable from the git-go An expensive boot but I like the no-scuff lowers. Boot was comfortable from the very beginning.
B000XEAJOK way too narrow in the top of the boot. way too tight in the upper part couldnt even get my foot in the top. super bummed..overall though the boot seemed really nice & were told by other co workers that theyre a nice boot. next time will just try a bigger size
B000XEAJOK Timberland pro boots First time for this style boot.  Very tight when putting them on. Not like a western boot. But we will give a try.
B000XEAJOK Good Boot. Seems to be a very good boot. I have had Timberland PRO's in the past. This is the first pull on. Only problem I have is it is tight in shaft. Makes it kinda difficult to put on and take off. After getting them on they feel great. Hopefully when the leather stretches a little this will go away.
B000XEAKWG Great comfortable boot The boots arrived as described, very comfortable straight out of the box!They have a training shoe comfort, with the support and durability of a boot.Sizing is spot on.The soles have a great grip and the leather is very comfortable to wear.I would certainly buy these again and recommend them to anyone that wants a good quality comfortable boot.
B000XEAKWG Geat Boot! Exactly what I was looking for and expecting. Durable, rugged, yet comfortable to the feet.
B000XEAKWG pull on slots weak GREAT BOOT,VERY COMFORTABLE RIGHT OUT OF BOX.THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THE SPACE ON EACH SIDE FOR PULLING BOOT ON IS COMING APART AFTER ONLY A MONTH OF USE,HAD TO HAVE PULL TABS SEWN ON.
B000XEAM10 great boot Great boot.  I buy these every time I need new boots.  I work road construction and they last about 2 years.  They are comfortable with no break in.  The leather eventually gets dry and comes apart, but this is probably because I don't keep them oiled like I should.  I've had Red Wings before and these are way more comfortable for me.  I love Timberland Pro's.
B000XEAM10 Good Boot but Not for Me Originally I feel in love with this boot because it felt like I was walking on pillows.  However, after the first day of wearing it and lots of walking, my heel became sore from the rubbing against the back of the boot.  It was only my right heel so maybe it was a defect in just that boot or it could be from the fact that the inside boot near the heel is ONLY CARDBOARD.  No material covers that part of the boot.  For $150...I was very disappointed so the boot had to go back.  Maybe if I gave it time to break-in I would have had more luck but my heel would not have forgiven me for waiting days/weeks for breaking-in.  The sales person suggested I try a larger size but after I saw the cardboard, I was done with this boot.
B000XEAM10 Great Boot Buttttt Boot feels great from the first moment i put them on, no break in it what so ever. i was dissapointed about the life of the boot. i work 5 to 6 days a week and boot breaks down around the stiching on the toe after six months not wearable after the seventh month. only on one of the shoes though not both so i thought i just got a bad pair so i bought another pair but same thing happenend again with same senerio so i didnt buy them again. still love the boot look and feel but just not cost effective.
B000XEAMXS Great quality boot, but sometimes flaky construction. Bought this boot back in August, great quality, fit great, lightweight, everything I needed. However, in February I found a crack in the sole of the left boot that ran all the way across the boot and went all the way to the insert. Now every time I walk through water, my foot gets wet from my toes to about half way down my foot. Still fits and still comfortable, but this pair broke just way too soon. Right boot is still fine so I'll just have to buy another pair...
B000XEAMXS Best water proof boot for electrician Best boot for electricians waterproof, and light, composite toe durable but well ventilated and is 440v non conductive until old. Nice boot.
B000XEAMXS Great all day boot I usually wear a 10 to 10.5 in Tennis shoes and I decided to try the 9.5 first, they fit pretty great, a little bit more movement in the heel when I walk than I'd like but I feel as though the 9 would be too small since my toes are in a perfect place in the boot. I don't even feel like I am wearing boots. You should wear a sock long enough to be seen atop the boot or else you are going to get rubbed by the boot. I do love these though, very light, very comfortable for my 10 hour days on concrete.
B000XEAMXS Didn't even get to wear them The craftsmanship of the boots was worse than any other boot I have purchased. The eyelets weren't fully pressed into the boot and one was completely off. I returned them, and I'm fairly certain I won't be purchasing another pair anytime soon.
B000XEAMXS width somewhat small for a 2x I expected the width a bit larger, but I still would buy a timberland boot again, They make a great boot!
B000XEAMXS Nice lightweight boot This is my third pair and although the shoe lace eyelets come out over time I still like the boot overall.
B000XEAPDA comfortable from the start Nice boot though not completely waterproof, They were more comfortable than any other work boot I've had and no break in needed.DarrylFairplay, CO
B000XEAPDA Great boot for a good price This is a very good boot for someone that is on their feet all day. Very comfortable from the very beginning.
B000XEAPDA NOT HAPPY ! WORST BUY EVER. tHIS BOOT IS HARD!!! I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE SAID THEY FELT LIKE WALKING IN BOXES. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOT AT ALL.
B000XEEQAI Very good work boot. I moved up from the pit boss. This boot is very comfortable and great in SoFla weather. This is my new choice.
B000XEEQAI Great boot, dont change it Bought an identical boot locally and wore them out. Looked for them there and they no longer carry it. Was very happy to find it online. Should probably have bought a extra pair or two come to think of it....
B000XEEQAI Really inconsistent sizing and fit - not good for orthotics 18 months ago, I bought the Timberland PRO model 26078, which is the best safety boot I've ever owned.  Fairly light weight, supportive, comfortable.  Unfortunately, boots don't last forever and I need to replace them.I accidentally ordered this boot (model 26063) from Amazon.  This boot is the non-waterproof version of the 26078 and, according to Timberland customer service, they are otherwise identical.  Put the two pairs next to each other and they're visually identical.  Unfortunately, they are dimensionally different.  If you have any type of flat foot or ankle issue, don't buy this boot.  This boot is so inflexible that I could barely walk after an hour - literally had to see the podiatrist for a cortisone shot.  I can't tell if the pieces are sewn together differently or if the leather in this boot is less flexible.  After two attempts at wearing this boot - followed by 4 weeks of limping - these boots are going on Craigslist.I'll continue to wear the 26078 until they fall apart.
B000XEEQAI Need a good boot for the money This is a very well made boot. I have had a lot of different boots but this one is the most comfortable to me. Also this boot is true to size. So if you need a good pair of boots that are also very lightweight don't hesitate to buy these one.
B000XEEQAI Best work boot I ever had. If you have wide feet and are a big guy, this is for you. Its the lightest boot I've found, the most supportive and the toe cup is wider than most so when you are walking, you don't have that rubbing on top or side of your feet. The only con is the laces don't last. I usually got through three or four sets before the soles wear out. y the way, these are my fourth set!
B000XEEQAI Great Boot Fit a tiny bit big, otherwise great bang for your buck boot. I personally do not fit well into Red Wings and these were a cheaper more comfortable alternative.
B000XEEQAI Great Work Boot I have tried many boots in my years on the job. This boot by far beats them all. Have been wearing this boot for 8 years. This boot lasts me a year.
B000XEEQAI Light, Comfortable & Durable Fantastic boot! Very light and comfortable. Not too hot. Does not feel like a safety boot. Great motorcycle boot, too!
B000XEEQAI Good boot for the $ This is a very solid boot for the money. My left boot is a little uncomfortable so i will have to give them a good break in before I can wear then for long periods of time.
B000XEEQAI Good Boot Good boot, but only use for non labor work.  But comfortable if sitting at desk! Also great for just walking around.
B000XEH2JA Benefit of the Timberland PRO men's 26064 boot This boot provides a strong, protective, well-fitted shoe that has breathability so that the feet are not susceptible to fungal infections.
B000XEH2JA Excellent Just as described!  Fit and finish!  Perfect boot.  Fast shipper.  Great transaction.  This is the best work boot on the market.  Thanks!
B000XEH2JA awesome boot Was looking at a different boot and heard and saw reviews on this one so ordered.  Very happy with product
B000XEH2JA Very comfortable boots Bought two pairs each lasting about a year.  This is achilles heel of these boots.  I am a paramedic and do a lot of driving and am in these boots at 16-24 hour periods at a time.  On both pair shoes cracked on right boot where bend occurs while driving.  Boot then began breaking down further with underneath shearing.  Rest of boot very stable and comfortable.  Boot breathes very well and your feet do not sweat.  Steel toe does not feel heavy and also provides tremendous support.  Provides some anti-slip benefits but I still had some near incidents in the winter.
B000XEH2JA 58 and Pain Free Great boot no break in very comfortable right out of the box extra light weight .Very surprised in the quality of this boot. Down side is for some reason they seem to feel cold when wore outside even in 40 degrees. Its almost as if your barefoot. Never experienced that with any boot before. However if you work inside they are very comfortable and you can easily put in a 12 hour day with no pain.Im 58 work construction and that makes them well worth the money.
B000XEH2JA lace up Great boot,very comfortable but i have to say the boot laces that are used are subpar at best,i have not worn the boots to work as of yet because the laces wont stay tied even double knotted.thicker laces would have been better.
B000XEH2JA Best bang for your buck Came in on time, and 50.00 cheaper than boot world or boot barn. Same quality that I've gotten accustomed to.
B000XEH2JA How the boot will last My first pair of Timberland boots Titan safety boot, lasted just over one year. The heal of the left boot split down the side. The right boot was still in good shape. I purchased a second pair of the same boots and will try them again. I do like the boots but thought they would last a little longer than they did.
B000XEIZ7S Good Boot I had a previous model of this boot since 2009, but the sole finally developed a break and let water inside.  So far this boot seems to be a good substitution, but does not seem to be as comfortable as the one before.  However, that may be due to physical changes instead of the boot.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot Been using this boot for the past 6 or so years. Best work boot I've had.. Use to get them through Cintas, but they're a lot more money, so now I get them on Amazon.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland PRO Titan Have been buying this boot since 2005 at the rate of at least one pair per year.  When I was introduced to them, I liked the way they fit and they were lighter than any other work boot in the store.  I will continue to buy this boot as long as I have the need.  They meet all the guidelines, ANSI, etc, of the company that I work for and hold up well.  They require no break in and are ready to go after I put a coat of leather conditioner on.
B000XEIZ7S The only boot I can wear These are the best wearing boot out there. They may not be the longest lasting but when my feet start hurting I buy another pair. No break in great right out of the box.
B000XEIZ7S great boot great boot keeps feet dry and are very comfortable right out of the box. I would highly recommend this lightweight boot
B000XEIZ7S Quality boot Quality boot waterproof and warm. Fits well and comfortable to walk in. Not too heavy on feet and supportive. Boom
B000XEIZ7S Great boot! Fast delivery! Great boot (my husband refuses to wear any other boot! My husband uses these boots for work and he says they are great to work in. They're comfortable, fit great (no break in period), and great for walking on ballist. I'd certainly buy these boot again.
B000XEIZ7S Good Boot Somewhat small  My old boots fit better.I like the slit in the boot that allows for better foot movement without rubbing
B000XEIZ7S Boot for work in space Excellent work boot,very confortable and light for work. Try the best in boot. I have not found a better boot than this on the market.
B000XEIZ7S Like the boots This boot was recommended to me and I must say it fits well with no break-in period necessary.  Good choice.
B000XEIZ7S great boot great comfortable work boot for the manly man! excellent quality and true to size. Good boot for construction worker or any touch job where you need to protect your feet. This item was good for my husband because he is in piping and plumbing
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot Great boot fits well and is comfortable. Light weight and flexible. Great for work or walking around no better boot.
B000XEIZ7S Paper Mill Worker I have worn this boot for several years now and it is by far the most comfortable work boot I have ever owned.  The boot is very light and the waterproofing a must in my line of work.  I get them wet quite often placing them on a boot dryer each time I get home and have no problem getting over a year of life per pair.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot Bought this boot for my son... He said the boot is true to size and very Comfy... Light wieght with the type of work toe in it....
B000XEIZ7S good boot comfortable from the first time good boot comfortable from the first time I put them on, only thing they are a little hot on the feet
B000XEIZ7S comfy boot Very comfortable boot but the sole if you wear them on  rough surfaces will where quickly I would still buy them again.
B000XEJ3HO Great all around work boot. I like this boot for the reason that it is well thought out.I really like the speed lacing which makes it quick and easy to take the boot on and off and you can really get them tight with little effort.They take a week to break in which I'm not use to because the last two pair of Timberland Pro boots were great out of the box but that's no biggie. They are (all day) comfortable but not cushy. I like cushy better which you get more on a hiking style construction boot.Even though this is a soft toe boot the toe is reinforced. It won't protect you from a 20lb object falling on your foot but it will keep a pipe wrench from hurting too much if it lands on your foot.I picked this waterproof style because the last Timberland's I owned weren't which I believe made them fall apart a lot quicker than other boots I have had. Plus I hate water seeping in if I'm out in the mud with them. The seem to be holding up just fine way better than the previous pair.Like I said they seem like a great all around work boot. I would buy these again without hesitation.
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland Pros A good strong boot. Weathers well too. A Good Looking Boot. A durable product. Hopefully will last for many years.
B000XEJ9V4 Disappointed - Not Happy I received boots on time, I believe a day early.  It was a few days before I opened them. When I did, Boot had bad scuff. The right boot shoe lace was not the rite size, I bought new ones (correct length).  I have been wearing the same boot (Timberland/style) for the past 10-12 years... The right boot was tight.  I have the same boot, same size that I got 6 months ago.  10M.I was very disappointed in product that I received from Amazon.  After noticing the problems I emailed the seller.  No reply. I received this email today on how do I like my boots...  I believe that they were pre worn or irregular boots...Just to make sure I ordered the correct size I went to store and tried same boots on...I figured I would walk around in them, and they just suck.  I'm not much into buying shoes online and probably never will again. Still waiting for reply from seller.  Pay the extra 20-30 bucks and buy from a store, brick and mortar......
B000XEJ9V4 Very good boot and will buy again. Great boot, well made. Fit OK but wish it came in a EEE width. I already knew from other reviews that the wide boot would be a little narrow for me but I wear it loose with very thin socks. Maybe it will break in a little.
B000XEJ9V4 Good boot for a while I got these boots in December and have been wearing them nearly everyday on the job as a forklift operator at a lumber company.  Less than a year in and the soles are gone and cracked, and the side of the boots have come apart.  I like the comfort of the boot, but find the construction of the boot did not stand up to the wear and tear I put on them for a acceptable amount of time.
B000XEJ9V4 Timbos 9.5 wide is a much better fit. Love the boot. It's the only boot I say that fits and meets all work needs
B000XEJ9V4 The Quintisential Boot First of all....there was the Boot.In my opinion Timberland is an Iconic part of America and our culture,Tim"s are what we think about when you think boot.
B000XEJA1I Pretty good boot.. a little tight even ordering the wide My other pair of timberlands is the Titan 6&#34; Safety toe so my review comes from that POV.  As for the fit the length is similar however the width, even ordering the 2e, feels tight in the middle of the foot.  It's a mildly insulated boot that I wear in the fall and winter days outdoor on set.  It took several days for me to break these in compared to the titan that felt great out of the box.  Overall, without breaking the bank, I'm happy with this boot so far, just wish it was a hair wider.
B000XEKCRE Good lightweight boot Found this boot on a hunting trip, super light weight with OSHA safety toes.  These wear out where your heel rubs inside the shoe at about 6 months and good tread for about 8 months.  They do not fair well on greasy kitchen floors so beware if your a service person, but great in the wet so long as you waterproof them often. Overall I like this boot for the lightweight.  Purchase some wool socks for the winter cause your toes do get cold in these.
B000XEKCRE This is the best boot money can buy! When i bought this boot I had horrible pain in my arch of the foot.I would have paid any price for a good boot, I found these, and have never been happier, and will never wear any other for work.
B000XEKHOC Deffective boots for the 2nd time the boot is defective  for the second time they send me a defective boot , i didnt realize until it was cold and windy , the boot has parts that is not glued properly to the sole (it let air go into the boot ) in the right  side boot. and the inside cover of the sole came out it needs to be glued again. basically  this is not an original timberland boot , i paid $90 for this boot and when its defective they dont allow me to return it .
B000XEKHOC Love the Boots I ordered these boots with very little expectations but once I received them I was very happy that I ordered this brand.  The boots are pretty comfortable for a boot.  They are indeed water proof which is great.  They fit to size which is a good plus.  All around this is a great boot and I would recommend to anyone that might be looking for a good boot.
B000XEKHOC Timberland PRO Men's 26036 I have found the boot to be very comfortable to wear all day long. Although recently I started to use a softer insole to add to the comfort. The boot keeps my feet warm during the winter and it is waterproof. I also wear the boot in the summer as well. With minimal care the boot will remain waterproof for the life of the boot. I use a product called 'Sno Seal' about once a month or so. The negative is I find the life of the boot to be max about one and a half years. The outter sole wears through first. It is not a solid rubber sole. It is hollow with some kind of filler. Once wear through occurs, water will seep into the boot. I will purchase the boot when I find it on sale and keep an extra pair on hand, otherwise at $100.00 plus price tag, it is a bit pricy. Again, I found this boot to work well for me.
B000XEKHOC Great Boot Great boot, fit great, warm and comfortable.  I would Recommend anyone looking for a nice durable work boot for winter to try these.  Not sure how they are for the summer since I haven't had them that long.
B000XEKHOC Amazing boot I have a pair of brown Timberland boots that are about 30 years old, so I know first hand the quality and craftsmanship of the Timberland  brand.  One of the biggest selling points for me, besides craftsmanship, was the WATERPROOF feature of this boot.  I normally would not buy something as particular as footwear online, but the price savings on Amazon from the brick and mortar store was significant enough for me to step out of my comfort zone and buy them.  Bottom line:  They're perfect!  The fit is exact.  A 9-1/2 is a true 9-1/2.  The boot is exceedingly comfortable and the waterproof feature is a bonus.  Strongly recommend this as a work boot, everyday wear and motorcycle riding.
B000XEKHOC MVP Bottom line: very comfortable & warm !Always needed this type of boot for delivering outdoors, during cold weather.Great boot!!
B000XEKHOC great boot This is an extremely well made boot. It has quadruple stitching on its main seems and the thickest rubber sole ive ever seen. Its a little heavy but more than jusitfies its weight. Insulation keeps feet warm and water cannot penetrate it. Very comfortable cushion inside plus sub 190dollar price make this a must have boot.
B000XEKHOC Quality and Comfort This is by far Timberland's best boot. They really got this one right. This boot looks and feels great. I hope to get many year of service out of them.
B000XEKHOC Nice boot. Boot fits well with thick socks( size 15). With this bad winter and 12 hour shifts, the boots felt damp at the end of day. So much for being waterproof .
B000XEKHOC Best working boot ever! I'm on my feet more than 8 hours day, 5 days a week. Wearing the boot for 1 & 1/2 years now, my feet feel so comfy. Yes, it might be a bit heavy but expected for a boot. Apply shoe wax regularly to keep leather shine. I'm thinking about another pair, overall, an excellent boot.
B000XEKHOC Very nice! boot very comfortable and sturdy. This is best done by Tiberland boot. recommend the purchase of this new line is above the previous
B000XEKHOC Lov'em I was looking for a comfortable, casual looking work boot that I could wear multiple ways, and these boots are perfect. I was trying to find boots cost appealing that would be great to ride on my Harley, around the house on project days, or even as a casual boot out'n'about; and I couldn't be more satisfied. If this is what you're looking for, you won't be dissapointed!-&#62; Nick
B000XEKHOC Timberland Pro are simply the best The boot fits like a glove and is very comfortable.  I would get a half size larger because the toe does not give much.  Boot is well made construction and similar to other Pro products like in tan.  I love the boot!
B000XEKHOC Sturdy boot, minor manufacturing issues Boot is sturdy, materials are ok, some of the stitching and joints are a bit off. This is not a premium dress boot, but rather a work boot, so if you are not too picky about quality manufacturing, the boot is ok. It is comfortable too. I know this pair will last for a long time.
B000XEKHOC very good this boot is great fits a little loose but comfortable . my old boots hurt my feet so comfort was very important to me
B000XEKHOC very comfortable this boot is very comfortable and it fits true to size. tough and durable boot and meant for work or play
B000XEKHOC quality boot Purchased this boot for motorcycle riding and am very pleased.Enough insulation for the cold,not too much for warm days.Comfortable to walk in after the ride.
B000XEKIUK Very nice boot I bought this boot to ride my motorcycle with. It is very durable & can hold up to the environments & anything I can think of to put it thru. It is a very tough boot & does not leak water inside. Only drawback is slipping your foot inside, the laces have to be very loose. No problem though, just takes a bit to get it on.. I recommend it highly.
B000XEKIUK Great Boot This boot came just as expected.  It fit nice and served the purpose--a work boot!
B000XEKIUK GOOD BOOT TO LARGE A FOOT THE BOOT WAS NICE JUST WAS NOT WIDE ENOUGH AT THE END I AM GOING TO SEE IF THEY HAVE A WIDER ONE
B000XEKIUK Great boot overall I have had 2 pairs of these boots and they are long lasting, durable, and very tough. They have great support and feel like a running shoe because they are soo comfortable and supportive while at the same time being the toughest boot out there.
B000XEKIUK Timberland Pro Men's 26038 Direct Attach 6" Steel Toe Boot 10M Nice boot, pretty comfortable, their still new and I'll have to break them in. They are very warm so no problems with keeping your feet warm in the winter while outside. They are big and bulky so they add a lot of weight to you. They are a true work boot and not a fashion boot. Keep that in mind and you'll be good. I definitely recommend them.
B000XEKIUK A really professional boot. My husband has keep using this Timberland boot for five years. He change the new boot every two years. Full protection of foot.
B000XEKIUK Poor quality My husband had this boot for now a little over a month and we are very dissatisfied with the quality of this boot. It already started ripping and letting water thru the bottom and top. We were expecting to get at least 3 months of this boot bu we didn't even get the full month. For a such a pricey boot this is the worst item i have every purchased. It is not waterproofed at all (even if you treat it before you start wearing it ) and it rips easily. I do not recommend this product to anyone.
B000XEKIUK Amazing Work Boot Fits as expected.  Very heavy duty boot that stands up well to the beating I give them.  They are definitely waterproof as I tested them out while working in a flooded (only about 3-4&#34; of water) area.  They scratched a few times while I was working but nothing major.  For the price if you need a work boot these are a no brainer.
B000XEKIUK Strong boot Great boot fits great.if your looking for a strong work boot that will last for years to come cant go wrong with these.
B000XEKK94 Timberland Boot Great work boot ,good padding and support. I'll buy more the future.Good traction in snow and mud.I would recommend to friends..
B000XEKK94 Great boot Great boot very comfy nice to find extended size and width going to add a little more in sole padding for waliking on hard surfaces all day, but that is my prefrence. recommended.
B000XEKK94 Great boot! I am in heavy concrete road construction and it's always a challenge to find a boot that will hold up. I wore my last pair of this exact boot to it's limit. Was right at two years, year round. I buy inserts right off the bat. The factory ones basically suck, but the rest of the boot is outstanding! Very light weight yet very durable! They do run slightly big so either order right on or a half size or so down. I love the comfort of Wolverines but they don't last very long. I love Georgia's but they are very heavy. So that's why I like these Timberland's. Durable, light weight, but less expensive. You will have to buy some comfort insoles I would bet, so keep that in mind. This most recent purchase of these boots was my third purchase so I do like them quite a bit.
B000XEKK94 comfortable boot I work on the railroad and do a lot of walking in all kinds of weather and very rocky conditions. A good comfortable, light weight and water proof boot is important and this boot has it all. Great price is a bonus...
B000XEKK94 Hubby is satisfied I would recommend this boot to anyone that stands on their feet for hours at a time. This boot is durable and comfortable since I'm on my feet for many hours. I like that fact that it is ankle high and snuggs around well. I would recommend this boot since the price is good and for the comfort it is well worth it.
B000XEKK94 good its very confortable and beatuiful, thats makes me want to buy another boot , Timberland Men's 10061 6&#34; Premium Boot.
B000XEKK94 great boot heavy duty, well made and all around good looking boot with great fit, stands up to the elements, specifically rain.
B000XEKK94 good It wil llast me through this year in comfort..im a tree remover...so this will be put to the test...I mean its not a lifetime boot by anymeans just a good comfy boot for people who need to do some real work,,,
B000XEKK94 Love them! Great quality boot. I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for a stylish, yet functional work boot! Great purchase!
B000XEKK94 good fit the toe dont hold up too well for being on your knees. but the boot is plenty comfortable, just as advertised. i do recommend this boot.
B000XEKK94 Great Boot I bought this for my husband. He works with hot and cooling system. He said that the boot is very comfortable and durable.
B000XEKK94 great boot real nice boot, fits great. have had this boot before. wears great i would buy another pair when these wear out.
B000XEKK94 Nice boot I bought this boot for my 21 yr old son. His remarks are....This boot is comfortable and true to size. I like that they are water resistant too. Great buy!
B000XEKK94 Durable Boot I purchased this boot for my husband to wear as a daily shoe (not for work). He says that it is of good quality, comfort and fit.
B000XEKK94 All leather, waterproof work boot I wanted a hard-use leather work boot that had sufficient waterproofing...this boot has served me well in rain, mud, dirt, and snow...from 90 degrees to -10 degrees.  It's a very good boot overall.  I would recommend it.
B000XEKK94 solid boot at a great price I have a large foot and it has to carry a 6'4" xxl body. these boots are comfortable wtih little to no breakin. very weel built with a solid sole.I have worn work boots for close to fifty years and in my opinion these are a great value and solid boot
B000XEKK94 Great boot Great boot! Very warm, very comfortable, they do run a tiny bit big, but other than that, have worn them every day since they arrived,
B000XEKK94 Good but not perfect boots The other reviewers are correct: the boot feels like, say, a day hiking boot/shoe, so much so that you may forget you are wearing them. No break-in needed either. Comfortable, easy to get on and off, and moderately good grip on a number of different surfaces. The interior is well-padded, there is sufficient arch support and the tread looks as if will last for a while. Now, the downsides: no steel toe (fine with me as I didn't need it), not waterproof, and as far as I can tell, the interior padding is just that and not insulation. So if you need a boot for harsh, wet conditions you should probably look elsewhere. But for those of us who "just" need a comfortable work boot that stands up to "standard" work--carpentry, landscaping and so forth--this may well be the best bet.As for care, I coated mine with McNett waterproofing; we'll see how that goes. Otherwise I just brush and rinse at the end of the day.
B000XEKK94 It's a great boot! I brought two of the same boot, This one was a gift for my son-inlaw and we share the same experience. It's a great boot. the comfort, the look excellent! It won't be the last time i buy this boot.
B000XEKK94 Boot is too short, and digs into toes. Timberland Pro SeriesBoots are too short, toes push on inside/front. Inside boots are very, very rough. If it does not fit perfectly, it will rub on feet, and hurt. I tired to stretch it with a boot stretcher, to make the right boot both wider, and longer. After months of trying to stretch the right boot larger, I broke the boot stretcher. I tried another stretcher, and broke that one too! The toe is too hard, and unbending, and pushes on all toes. The sole is too hard, like waking on concrete. One has to put an insole inside the boots to make them bearable. Boots are made Dominican Republic. I have NEVER had a Timberland boot that was comfortable, and I have had three pairs of them. I always hope they will be comfortable, because they look stylish. They may look stylish, but all three are like walking on concrete
B000XEKK94 Great boot I purchased this for my husband and he wanted a boot that was comfortable first and sturdy.  He is very pleased.
B000XEKK94 Nice looking boot. This boot is just a fraction bigger than I expected, but still fits with no real complaints.  Put together well.  It is a good soft toed boot and I wear it all the time.
B000XEKK94 Great boot Fit perfectly once I ordered the correct size. It is a great boot for working outside I cold weather and rain.
B000XEKK94 Comfortable boot Great boot at a great price. Very comfortable boot. I wore all day and at the end of the day feet feel great.
B000XEKK94 Good value boot Well constructed work boot, good value for the life of the boot.  The boot fits well, but there seems to be extra room in the front, doesn't seem to effect comfort.
B000XELF3O great boot very good boot for the money ,last along time ,laces never break ,soles do not swell from oil,recomend to anybody
B000XELF3O Great Work Boot! I would highly recommend this boot to anyone!  It's very comfortable and not as heavy as some of the other boots in this class.
B000XELF3O Pretty Decent Work Boot Boot fit well out of the box, the only problem that I had was the tongue on the right boot had some sort of hard clump of stitching on it, causing it to be very painful and even bruise my ankle.  After a few days of trying on the boots and picking at the clump they fit perfect and have not hurt my feet since.
B000XELF3O Pit Boss Great product.  At first, I was pissed because my foot was being poked and rubbed raw with a piece of material inside the boot.  But a day later, the boot wad broken in and they are very comfortable
B000XELF3O This is the best boot for the money Overall an excellent boot. I rated four stars only because the cushion in the sole is kinda weak. Nothing a $5 insert can't correct.
B000XELF3O Great boot Just a tiny bit undersized. But still one of the nicest and most comfortable work boot that I have ever used with no need for an insole. Will never change boots again.
B000XELF3O Just perfect This boot fit perfectly as it was described. Very comfortable inside and light weight. I recommend this boot for anybody who needs a steel toes boot.
B000XELF3O good boot Nice boot.I like this boot but it's a little heavy.it looks strong and make me feel safey.Timberland is a good shoe company for me.
B000XELF3O Great boot! Overall great boot and great price.  I put 60 hrs a week in these and they hold up very well.  Easy break in.  This brand has been the most dependable, longest lasting boot i've had.  Highly recommend.
B000XELF3O Great boot! Sturdy, very well made, and very comfortable.  Definitely a top pick for safety.  Construction of boot will ensure it will last awhile.
B000XELF3O Best Price for Superb Boot Been wearing this Model boot for eight years, thisis my fourth pair. They last longer, are more supportive, and look better than any other boot I've tried from Redwings to Leigh, and everything in between. I'll never wear anything other than Timberland PRO workboots. Bythe way when they say non marking outsole, they are not lying like all the competitors.
B000XELF3O you get what you pay for good boot but the inside has no ware enuf cussion. need insoles but otherwise a good boot so far. they are not whites but pretty good boot
B000XELF3O Excellent Boot!!! This boot is an excellent buy!  You just can't compare this boot to others.  The safety features and absolute comfort alone make this boot the perfect choice for work or play!  I highly recommend that you buy this boot if you want the best!
B000XELF3O Very good non-slip boot. This is a very stylish looking boot and I can basically walk on any surface without slipping.  It can take a while to break-in...if you never wore boots before.
B000XELF3O Nice Boot Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boot, is good boot. They took some time to breaking a bit stiff on ankles.Seem too holed up well. They are not the best work boot I ever wore but good shoe for under $100.
B000XELF3O Good Boot I ordered the 13 and it was a bit snug on my foot. I have been wearing it for several months and the leather is stretching out so it is becoming more and more comfortable. It is a sturdy boot and my feet don't hurt after I wear them.
B000XELF3O Good boot Just a little wider then expected, comfortable. Good boot for the money , will see how long they last on the job
B000XELF3O Great boot Bought these for my boyfriend the welder.  He is happy with the look and feel of the boot.  He said they are comfortable to work in.  He has worn Timberlands in the past, so I knew this would be a good boot for him to weld in.  I was also pleased with finding a great named boot that was in a price range I was looking for.
B000XELF3O Pain in the ankle I have worn these boots before. I actually loved them. I purchased this pair, same as the others. The left boot is digging into my inner ankle on the left boot. I seriously shove an old rag in there to keep it from killing me. Very painful. I would have returned them. In my job I am an auto painter they were totally messed up my first day wearing them. I also thought they needed a break in. Well a couple weeks later. Still have the rag shoved in the shoe to keep it from killing my ankle. Right boot no problems.Oh well its a lemon
B000XELF3O All good but one problem I'd like to start this off by saying I'm a boot man  they are only shoe I wear everNow as most people know it's hard to find a black lether steel toe boot that has slip Rez and waterproofThese boots are now I went to a shoe place and got my foot measured as I do each time I buy a new show to ensure I get the right size when these boots came in they will be tight don't worry you properly didn't order the wrong size after a good day or two of work you'll break them in and they'll feel nice on size that being said there is one BIG problem with these boots near the ankle part they cut in to you and don't feel that good if u don't have really thick socks on and still they only help a little I wear boot socks not those shorts socks and the feeling it gives you makes it so you cannot run in the boot or it just is way to uncomfy I suggest if you can't find other boots to get these but if u can try another I need my boots to be steel toe black lether that are slip and water proof by preference no matter what boot if you don't like the look and features of it you're not going to like it no matter how good this boot had every thing I wanted so I'll wear them even if it feels like junk around the ankles (this problematic just be my boots )I'd rate these boots 6 out of 5 stars if it didn't have this one problem with out a second thought but I do not know how slip Rez they are ATM and I'm not sure how they will hold up as it is winter and ice is every where and no matter the boot you get it wil look nice first month or 2 if you want to know how they held up I'm pritty sure there's a ask question button this review was written feb 16 2014 and I will be wearing them every day till they fall apart or I find another boot to stop ankle problem cu it is annoying
B000XELF3O :0 these works boots are amazing !!!! This boot will stand up to basically anything. yes steel toe might be overkill be its good to have. and have to say they are incredibly comfortable and do not get my feet too hot. . . These boots are must haves for the price of $86. . I can fit a boot knife in them no problem. This is great because it is a six inch boot. Overall, great boots and I strongly recommend purchasing them. fast shipping which is great. fast lace up so you put them on and them off in a breeze. high quality leather, slip resistant, oil resistant.Worth the money, it is a bargain!!
B000XELF3O Good rugged boot Good boot for under $100. If you wear all day, make sure to pick up comfortable insoles and have room for them (get 1/2 size bigger).
B000XELF3O Perfect Boot Great Comfortable Fit! Made well & a great work boot.  I recommend these, long lasting boot.  This is my second pair.
B000XELF3O Overall, a solid boot I was not surprised nor disappointed in my purshase. These boots are pretty comfortable for a steel toe. However, I did purchase a wide and got just that, WIDE. they DO NOT lace up as tight as I had expected(the main reason for a 4star), but my guess is, that Timberlands are more of a loose fit boot then a tight ankle supporting boot. They serve the function for my demands. Be warned if you want a boot to lace up tight to the foot and ankle for added support in demanding duties.
B000XELF3O Tuff Boot Nice sturdy boot. Feels like they will last a long time. Looks good too. Highly recommend this boot for work or play.
B000XELF3O decent boot Its a decent boot but I just wish it was water proof seeing that my feet gets wet in snow.
B000XELF3O Most uncomfortable boot I've ever worn The fit and construction of this boot was very nice, but after eight hours the soles of my feet were very sore. I returned the boots.
B000XELF3O Very rugged and reasonably priced This is a great boot for any outdoor endeavor. They a well made, but a little heavy. This weight should be expected and does not deter from an excellent boot. I would recommend a water proofing spray to add an additional layer of protection against the elements.
B000XELF3O Sturdy boot, good value Highly recommend this boot for men who need a steel toe work boot.  It has held up well and is easy to clean.
B000XELF3O Great work boot! This boot cannot be beat for it's quality, comfort and fit.  Also it is as good as boots costing twice as much.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Series I would highly recommend this boot, lightest, most comfortable work boot I've ever worn & I chose Timberland because I've been wearing their product for 25 yrs. & have never been disappointed.
B000XETJU0 a great timberland boot it is great boot from Timberland as usually my first choice and most people, but I've got the wrong size ,it was my mistake choosing bigger half inch, I recommend this boot which is great but make sure to choose your accurate size.
B000XETJU0 Great Boot! Bought these for my boyfriend a couple months ago and he still hasn't stopped thanking me for them. He says they are the most comfortable boot he has ever had and they have changed his day at work ... he now has dry, comfortable feet and a back that doesn't hurt everyday. Great price. Great boot. Great buy!
B000XETJU0 Great Boot! Great fitting boot very comfortable when on your feet all day long. The tread is fantastic and works very well!
B000XETJU0 Not bad They fit really well and are super comfortable. But they don't look like what the picture did in my opinion. Solid boot though
B000XETJU0 Squeaks Boot looks greats, but one of my boots has a terrible squeak. Driving me crazy. I've poured talc into the boot, so I'll give it a day or so to see if that helps.
B000XETJU0 Great Boot Exactly what I was looking for in a work boot. Great support and very well-cushioned. Best boot for the price!!
B000XETJU0 boots Great boot comfortable right out of the box. Handles garage floor and grease, oil without slipping. Great boot for the money
B000XETJU0 Nice Boot The boot was nice.  I bought it for my boyfriend who wears a 10.5 but he said his toe was right at the end it was to small.  We have to send it back.  He thought it was the more sporty Timberland but it is actually a work boot look and he did not like the style anthoer reason we are returning the boot.  We are buying the correct one.  The boot itself however looked great and would be a great work boot.  Study made and nice feel.  It appears to run just a little small in size.
B000XETJU0 great boot for the price real comfortable boot really like it however it runs a little big I normally wear a size 11 but with this boot I should have ordered a 10.5
B000XETJU0 So so boot. This boot seems well constructed, but extremly heavy and stiff. I am just wearing it for casual wear because of a bad back. I am not in the construction biz, so I can't tell you how it will hold  up under those situations. Not a bad boot, but for $25 more, you can get a pair of Thorogoods.
B000XETJU0 Great shoe This boot was a perfect fit, very comfortable. This boot has nice tread and grip great for hard construction work.
B000XETJU0 Great boot at a great price. The Timberland PRO boot is one of the most comfortable boots I have ever purchased. The easy to use size chart let me pick the right boot for me . The lacing system on this boot makes lacing ,and unlacing a breeze.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro boot PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Soft-toe is Comfortable, well constructed, good fitting boot. Looking forward to long a lasting product from Timberland. Thanks
B000XETJU0 Really Nice Boot Great boot for the money, holds up very well over time. Only boots I ever buy, as I have bad feet!!
B000XETJU0 Awesome boot! I have been wearing boots lately and needed one that was wide enough to accommodate falling arches I have. These fit well and are a very sturdy boot. Breaking them in well. I did put in an insert to add to the comfort however. But overall a well made boot.
B000XETJU0 Nice Boot Boot looks just like it does online.  The size seems to run about a 1/2 size shorter than what I usually buy, and D (medium) width feels wider than that.  I've only had this boot a week, but so far I'm happy with it.
B000XETJU0 Nice looking boot but not @ all durable! I ordered this item for my sons birthday in late September. Although the description says it is a soft toe, I never expected the boot to get a hole in it in less than 3 months. Not what I consider a good quality item for the money.
B000XETJU0 Good Boot Pretty nice looking boot and fits great. Only bad thing is that there is a squeak in both soles. But all in all for the price its a good buy.
B000XETJU0 solid boot Need to get insoles so my foot sits well in the boot, my foot moves around to much, worried about blisters without the insloes, once they're in the boots will be fine,
B000XETJU0 john R  DSM IOWA These are some good boots, third pair . As a plumber Im on my feet all day and want a tuff boot that has comfort. These are boots that do just that. great price on a great boot.
B000XETJU0 Wonderful fit and comfort boot by Timberland. I was attracted to the name brand, but as soon as I received the boots that were very comfortable and provided all that was promised. I'd recommend this boot to any one needed of a boot of the type. I live in Canada and need an insulated one, and so I returned this boot. I'm interested in the Timberland products and will choose an insulated Timberland boot for myself.
B000XETJU0 Good overall boot Love this type of boot. I'm on my feet all day and there super comfortable. Thanks to amazon for stocking them.
B000XETJU0 Favorite Boot! My husband loves this boot. It is the typical TImberland quality, style and comfort.  It is true to size.  The boot is rugged and has held up quite well in vigorous conditions.  Thumbs up for the Timberland Pit Boss!
B000XETJU0 Great Boot Fits perfect, feels comfortable, a boot you can wear all the time. Tread doesn't track mud. Heel not too high
B000XETJU0 This is a fantastic boot. This is a great motorcycling boot. They look good and are very functional; excellent non-slip traction, solid construction provides good foot protection, and they are comfortable.  Comfort improves even more as they break in.  Overall, a great value for sturdy, well constructed boot.Update: Over two years later and thousands of miles of riding and this boot is still going strong. I've used them year round and they keep my feet sufficiently warm in colder weather and reasonably comfortable in hot weather. Incredibly, the soles still show almost no signs of wear. I expect to easily get another several years of use from them. If you are looking for a tough boot that can hold up, this is an excellent choice. Timberland makes a quality product.
B000XETJU0 Best buy out there This is a very comfortable boot and wears very good. Its a boot for anyone who needs a work boot for on or off the job.
B000XETJU0 Work boot The boot is very stiff and uncomfortable to walk in . I would not recommend this shoe to anyone . My opinion
B000XETJU0 Fell apart in less than a year! This boot is very comfortable but after about 5-6 months the boot cracked in the front side of the boot and split open. The shoe laces broke as well. If you're a pipe layer and want your feet to stay dry I wouldn't recommend buying this boot. Working in wet muddy conditions all day I wouldn't recommend buying this boot either. Simple construction work like carpentry or mechanic work you'll be fine. I had a cheap pair of Walmart off brand boots last longer than these for half the price.
B000XETJU0 Exelent for work! I use the same boot 6 years and nothing is better. This boot are hevyyyy!!!  And works great for the snow!
B000XETJU0 Blister on the Ankle The boot looks and feels sturdy and solid.  Generally comfortable when I'm not walking.  But, I was working outside clearing brush and got a blister my left outside ankle bone within 3 hours.  Feeling around the inside of the boot, there is a protrusion where the "Pro" emblem is inlayed and stitched to the side of the boot.  Both the right and left boots have this inlayed emblem which can cause problems if your ankle bone happens to be right where the protrusion is.  You'll have to wear the boot for yourself to see if it hits where it may cause a problem on your foot.  Only my left ankle got the blister, but this can be an excruciating problem.  I'm going to see if I can break in the boot, but right now, I wouldn't chance buying one unseen.
B000XETJU0 nice boot The boot is a little uncomfortable around the ankle. Other than that good boots, hopefully they break in and get more comfortable.
B000XETJU0 comfortable AND tough Looking for a (relatively) soft and comfortable boot, but want a lot more toughness? Here they are. These cost more, but you don't like having to buy more because they eventually break, do you? No! (I have worn out too many sneaker-like boot) I have so many tough boots in my closets that I don't like. So happy finally with a boot! (12 EEEE)
B000XETU1I okay boot the sole of the boot began comming apart about a month after wear on construction job.  good value for the price
B000XETU1I Great Boot's I love these boot's they are just as described and FULL GRAIN LEATHER.They are very comfy to walk in as well!!!
B000XETU1I Good Boot Good boot for a construction job site. I plan on buying thick socks because they don't keep your feet the warmest. Very comfortable to wear all day.
B000XETU1I Great boot Very comfortable boot. Boot was a little big, but not an issue. Overall it is what I expected. Nice looking boot
B000XETU1I Boots Boot fits great. Very comfortable, light weight, very good all boot for the price and I would recommend to all my friends.
B000XETU1I Great comfortable boot Order a 1/2 size smaller then you normally wear. Most comfortable work boot, great price  and has good style as well.
B000XEVJJO STILL TRYING TO BREAK EM IN I have no issue with retailer of this product.  The boot got here on time and was well packaged.  However, I've been wearing the boot for almost a month now and they still haven't broken in.  The collar or part of the shoe going around the ankle is still so stiff that it rubs blisters above my heal.  The boot fits a little loose so the leather and lacing loops still makes noises when I walk. Aside from this they apear to be very durable, they are light in weight and look really nice.  I won't say they are a Bad Boot but I will not buy them again.
B000XEVJJO Timberland PRO The boot is comfortable and has kept my feet dry and warm this winter.  The boot does need a little break in for the first week.  The boot does not have that heavy work boot feel and it looks good enought to go out to dinner in.
B000XEVJJO Needs improvement I purchased these boots through amazon about 8 months ago and they are pretty much done for already.  The overall construction is fine and they have decent support.  The problem is with the cloth eyes that the laces go through.  For some reason the laces just saw right through them. I'm down to 3 cloth eyes now and it makes it difficult to keep the boot snug on my foot. Please note however that this has only occured on the left boot and not the right although the right is also showing signs of wear. I have had good luck with Timberland boots in the past but this boot I cannot recommend.
B000XEVLF6 Great Boot!! Super comfortable and a light weight feeling. They do well on very oily surfaces. Wouldn't wear any other brand of boots.
B000XEW60K Slip on boot Due to my situation I need a slip on boot. I also wanted quality as my feet were hurting due to me buying cheep shoes. These boots are well made and have heals with good soles. Fit is a little lose a the heal but any slip on would be.
B000XEX67M Great work boot Very nice fit keeps debris and material out of the boot, great resistance to the elements feels great even standing for many hours and not to incredibly heavy.
B000XEX67M GREAT BOOT FOR 1ST 90 DAYS I've had 3 pairs of this style boot 1st pair lasted over a year second 6 months and now this third pair less than 6 months. They did save my foot though when a 20" I beam fell on the met gaurd, bent the gaurd but my foot wasn't hurt at all. I am thankful for that. I just wish they were a longer lasting boot. I'll keep looking for that perfect welders boot.
B000XEXA46 More durable than expected Bought this boot at a pretty reasonable price and it performed better than I anticipated.  Wear pattern was even and the boot held together through four distinct seasons of weather.  Pleased with purchase.
B000XF4D1Y Great Boot ! Holds up well to grease and oil and concrete surfaces, my third pair !! Timberland has surpassed my expectations in this boot.
B000XF6L7I Great Boot. Buy a sz larger The boot is true to the specs listed on the boot. It does keep your feet dry and warm. A very attractive boot
B000XR2GN4 hubby approved Excellent boot according to my husband who lives in work boots 5 days a week 12 hrs a day.  He found arch support great and boot lossened up to mold to foot quickly.  He would reccomend this boot.
B000XR2GN4 Slick This is a okay boot for the price. I only have two complaints it's very thin compared to my Rockeys, and it has to be the slickest boot I've ever worn. I received a pair as a gift and have worn them every day for 2 weeks and every day i have fallen or went sliding do to loss of traction. The boot packs snow into the treads and makes the bottoms very slippery. Other than the thin sides and the slipperiness it's a well constructed boot.
B000XR2GN4 Timberland Pro Men's Titan 6" Soft-Toe Boot I have tried many other boots, but this is the most comfortable I have found.  This is approximately the 10th pair I have owned.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a comfortable all around good boot.
B000XR2GN4 Great boot, for a little while Great, super comfortable boot for the first three months. Then my right sole cracked all the way across under the ball of my foot. Step in a small puddle and the boot pumps water as you walk into your foot.  Couple weeks later, same thing happened to left boot. I work construction and wouldn't recommend blowing this much money on these boots.
B000XR2GN4 Excellent Work Boot My son needed a good work boot. This boot has arch support and is water proof. He told me it is the most comfortable work boot he has ever had. The boot is also water proof. I highly recommend this boot to anyone working on their feet all day and needs their feet protected.
B000XR2GN4 Good boot Just bought the boots a couple of weeks ago and have enjoyed every step n them. My feet are hard to please with many problems. The boot cushioning system works as advertised. They are light and fit out of the box. Very pleased with the purchase.
B000XR2GN4 Best boot for the worker! This boot will last! It's extremely comfortable. The sole are made to take the punishment of any hot pavement. Wonderful boot at the best price I could find. This boot was selling for twice of what I paid for it from stores on the internet. A fantastic deal for an excellent boot. You will love these boots. Quality!!!!
B000XR2GN4 Have purchased in the past best boot ever! Before I had amazon prime I had to purchase this boot in the local store and the price was around $130 maybe more. So I went with a Schmidt boot from Tractor Supply for about $80 sometimes less if you get them around Christmas for about $70. Both are a perfect fit right out of the box. Schmidt changed the boot into this horrible piece of junk with a synthetic coating that stinks and a scrap of paper comes in the box that says it contains a chemical (the smelly coating) known to cause cancer. So yea I did not buy it after purchasing 3 pairs in the last few years. Boom look this awesome Timberland boot up on Amazon and got the 9.5 W for $102 prime shipping. Now with Amazon I would recommend that everyone buy this boot. I have been to the local stores to try on every type of boot and nothing comes close to this boot. People don't think of Timberland when buying a work boot. They need to stop buying boots that feel like a block of concrete chaffing and just uncomfortable as can be. I went into this guys store a few years back he is old school but he has a lot of trusted name brands in there. I asked him if he had this boot. He said &#34;Timberland ain't no work boot boy&#34; I laughed a little and looked around bought some winter Carhartt overalls. Old school gotta get new school and consider this boot. You will never buy a different boot. The titanium toe is the same as far as comfort I just don't need it now so I went soft toe.
B000XR2GN4 Not the same boot it used to be My husband has worn this brand and style of boot for years and years. He has always been happy with the fit and durability of these Timerlands.  The pair I ordered for him as a gift arrived, he tried them on, and the fit was totally different, he couldn't even get his foot in them.  Timberland changed the country in which they were manufactured, and the design must've changed.  If you actually measure the boot they are no longer 6" and the angle of this shortened boot makes it impossible to get your feet in them.  Very disappointed after all these years.
B000XR2GN4 Timberland Titan soft toe I Bought this boot at sears. It is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn but I had concerns about this plastic/rubber soul.  After reading the reviews here, I have decided to return this boot to sears because I bought the name Timberland for DURABILITY and apparently this sole is NOT.
B000XR2GN4 Pleased overall These were purchased for my husband who works in a shop -- very difficult to find soft toe workboots on the shelves in the stores here.  Never his size or the boot he wants.  The price was absolutely great as well.  The fit is good andhe is very pleased with the boot.  I am ordering another pair.
B000XR2GN4 Great work boot ! I have been useing this same boot for years and it has not dissappointed in any way.When you first put the boot on, you can walk away with no break-in required.I have had reconstructive surgery on one foot and this boot is more confortable thenthe orthopedict boots that I have.I would recommend this boot to any trades person who stands or walks for long periods orany type of outdoor activity.This boot will not disappoint !
B000XR2W1U Great, excellent and recommended!! I bought this boot because I recently broke my foot and wanted a leather boot w/ extra toe protection that wasn't bulky or awkward. This boot is true to size and very comfortable. It keeps its shape with the safety toe, I have room to wiggle my toes freely without feeling a thing inside!! The fit is absolutely supurb and YES, IT'S TRUE....no need to &#34;break-in&#34; the boot! From the moment I slipped into the boot and took my first walk, I knew it was a keeper! The leather is thick, stable and durable, yet it only took one day to shape to my feet. Most importantly for me-I don't feel like I'm wearing a military or man's boot; on the contrary, I like the clean shape and silhouette of the boot. Keeping these polished will be a breeze because the leather is excellent quality.Since I suffer from Rheumatoid arthritis and Lupus, (since I'm a kid) often times my joints ache and my feet are now wide (they were once regular width!). And I also have a higher than normal instep (I'm a former ballroom dancer!!) so I search for comfortable shoes and pray they last forever. This boot is sooo comfortable-the density of the footbed makes for superior comfort level-I didn't have foot fatigue after wearing these the entire day and the boot is lined with a moisture-wicking material that also keeps my feet from overheating and sweating, even while wearing my thick, insulated wool socks!! Great price, great boot.....Recommended, all the way!!!
B000XR2W1U Wonderful product I was hesitant about buying this boot online due to the fact that I've had some problems with boot sizes and fit from online orders before.  I took a chance and have Not regreted it in the least bit!  I love these boots.  They are probably the most comfortable ones I've had in a long time.  They have a good fit and are comfortable.
B000XR2W1U Comfortable Boot Most comfortable women's boot I have worn in long time next to Red Wing.  I have been in construction for over 20 years and it is finaly nice to put boot on for first time and not have to break them in.  They are becoming hard to find.  I hope they do not discontinue this product.
B000XR30FM Best work boot ever! I have been working on road construction for 11 years and have tried every kind of boot you can name. These hands down are the most comfortable boot around. Well worth the price.
B000XR30FM Found Them Again I bought this boot about 8 years ago at Tractor Supply. I wasn't going to buy them because I can never get a shoe or boot to fit me.  I have a wide foor & toes. There is never enough room for my toes, the boots always make my toes crunch, not big enough.. So I always have to buy bigger and then they are too big.  I wear them for everything.  Gardeniing, hiking in our woods.  This summer I did something to my foot loading a tractor.  I have worn this boot everyday since July 2013 (this year). I can't walk without the boot.  My husband wanted me to get another pair of boots because these are looking a little worn.  I polished them and they look great again.  I have looked every wear for another pair of these boots and haven't been able to fine them, or anything that fits me.  When I bought my first pair, the woman said I could wear them for 30 days and if I didn't like them I could bring them back.  What a  guarantee.  I wore them out of the store and that was that. They never hurt, I wear them from morning till I go to bed. The most confortable boot I ever had.  I'm buying this 2nd pair because I'm afraid I will never find them again.  This will be my back up pair.  Can't say enough about this boot. Try going in a store and ask for a womans work boot.  They look at you like why do you want a work boot, try a hiding boot tennis shoe whatever they call them.  Thank you for carring them.
B000XR30FM Nice boot Nice boot. It's hard to find an appropriate work boot for women. The leather is soft and the padding on the collar is comfy.
B000XR4IXA great boot Comfortable no breaking in, a great boot. Fit with heavy sox. Flex enough to do finish work without cramping. The end
B000XR4IXA Great boot!! Very comfortable right out of the box. Worked all day in them with no problems. Easy to get on and off.
B000XRBAAE A boot that works for problem feet I have medical problems with both of my feet and, as part of my job, I stand on concrete for extended hours sometimes for months at a time.  High end European walking shoes were not working so I decided to try these boots.  They are more comfortable than tennis shoes.  The boot adds good, solid support.  The exterior sole combined with the insole removes all shock from hard surfaces.  The boot is also amazingly light.  I highly recommend these boots and will buy another pair in the near future so that I can rotate them to allow the leather to dry out.  (Please note that these are not a hard toe boot.)Bonus:  Timberland allows you to trial this boot for up to 30 days.  If you are not satisfied, you are allowed to return them for a full refund.
B000XXGMRO Simply put... Amazing!! Definitely a boot worth buying! Although what some of the other reviews say is true about the boot running a little big i took the advice and ordered a half size smaller than my regular size and they fit perfectly! The boot is very well made, a beautiful dark brown color with some fading that just makes the boot look that much more stylish. A great boot for going out or hiking although if using them for hiking and such, I would recommend an insert for added comfort. All in all, I am VERY pleased with my purchase!
B000XXGMRO Excellent boot. Great boot with nice leather and it fits me well. TImberland boot is always what I want. That's so comfort.
B000XXGMRO Great Casual Boot Boot fits well. Not much insulation, so expect to wear thick socks if cold outside. Sturdy build and comfortable wear.
B000XXGMRO i love the boots i gets tons of compliments and they are comfy but im a 13 in most every sneaker boot i wear and these are to big. i bought them for hiking but the extra toe space made them not practicle so now they are my city boot. makesure to get he right fit.
B000XXGMRO Great boot This is a great boot. Now that I have been wearing them for about a month, I can definitely tell that they have quality leather, and durable stiching.  Keep in mind that the break in period is about 7-8 days during which time they will be rather uncomfortable.  However, once broken in, they are super comfortable.
B000XXGMRO timberland boot I ordered the boot size smaller as other post indicated and the fit was perfect.  I like the boot and hope they will last. Only option I missed were the quick lace up and not having to use the eyelets.  Not a deal breaker.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot! Very comfortable with no break in required.  Runs very large, though. This is a great boot.  Extremely comfortable from the first moment I put it on.  No break-in required.  This boot does run VERY large.  I usually wear a size 11 (the other pair of Timberlands I own are 10.5), but with these I had to get a 9.5.  Thanks to Amazon's easy returns it wasn't a problem to try several sizes and now I have a pair of boots that I love.
B000XXGMRO comfortable boot I like this boot a lot, it is quite comfortable.  There is a bit of a break in period though, like one of the other reviews stated it is about two weeks.  This is my first experience with Timberland boots and so far I am satisfied.  They look great too, I have received several compliments on them.
B000XXGMRO Great boot, but... This boot was great looking tight out of the box but when I tried it on it was a 1/2 size to large. Re-ordered a 9, hope it works out which it should as other reviews noted. Otherwise boots look sleek, just what I was looking for.
B000XXGMRO Good, light boot This is a good light boot.It is a sharp looking boot to wear casually. But, it is not isolated or rugged.It does provide all the quality of a timberland boot, but I would not recommend for use working or for serious hiking.
B000XXGMRO Excellent boot Great boot. As with my experience with previous Timberlands boots/shoes, they look great, hold up really well and are very confortable for long periods. Well worth the money.
B000XXGMRO Boot It looks great and is well priced. Very light so I am wondering how durable it really is. The top of the boot fits well under my jeans
B000XXGMRO Love these boots Very nice boot.  Very well made.  Sizes seem to run a little larger than normal, with a very large heel box.  Well constructed boot.  I had to put in a better insole, but at least I had the room.
B000XXGMRO Love them, exactly what I was looking for. Great boots, and hold up well in the weather. They are fairly light weight for the size of the boot, but can withstand everything I have put them through.
B000XXGMRO Good boot I normally wear a size 11m boot but these boots must run a little bigger then other brands. Just needed to order size 10.5m instead of 11m. Overall, boot seems to be worth the money.
B000XXGMRO TIMBERLAND EARTHKEEPRS 6" BURNISHED BROWN I AM A BIG FAN OF TIMBERLAND, HOWEVER AS THE BOOTS STYLE'S SEEM'S TO BE MOVING HIP/TRENDY+UPSCALE SO DO THE PRICES.I'M HAPPY TO SAY THAT SINCE THE PRICES CHANGE ALL THE TIME ON AMAZON.COM IT IS POSSIBLE TO GET A FAB PRICE AND A QUALITY TIMBERLAND BOOT AS WELL.THE TIMBERLAND EARTHEKEEPER 6" ALL LEATHER BOOTS ARE A 10 ON A SCALE OF 1-10. SOFT SUPPLE LEATHER GREAT COLOR, VERY COMFORTABLE AND LOOK GREAT. AN URBAN BOOT DESIGN PERFECT WITH JEANS, KHAKIS.FUNCTIONAL AS WELL WATER PROOF. INSTANTLY LOOKS LIKE YOUR FAVORITE BOOT YOU HAVE HAD FOR YEARS AND BROKEN IN JUST RIGHT.
B000XXGMRO Not what I was expecting It doesn't seem like a very rugged work boot. Its is a very light boot, thin leather feels like if i put them to good use they wont last. However, they do look nice. Not for hiking, and if they arent for atleast hiking then i really don't know what theyre good for.
B000XXGMRO Buy them. Great boot, rugged, waterproof, comfortable. Runs about 3/4 of a size too large. I would definitely recommend them to a friend.
B000XXGMRO I'm a Boot Man I like the look of these boots plus I can wear them with all of my jeans. It's a versatile boot. The best part is tjat Amazon had them on sale.
B000XXGMRO Great boot. Sizes way off. Had to return the first set as the size runs 1 to 1.5 sizes too large. I usually wear an 11.5 but ended up with a 10.5 (although a 10 would probably have been better.) Estimate low.As for the boot, its great. Comfortable and nice enough to pass at work in the winter.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot Great Price I love this boot. It is a great summer boot. Beware the boot is not waterproof as the description might lead you to believe. Splash proof, yes. But don't go stepping in any puddles, the tongue is not sewn in completly, as is neccessary for complete waterproofing. Boot is very comfortable right out of the box. This high of a boot could use a different lacing system at the top to facilitate taking on & off. If you can look past these things you will love the boot. Comfortable all day.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot Great Price I bought these for work. When I first put them on they seemed just a bit big. After wearing them for a couple of weeks the broke in and actually fit really good. I am very happy with my purchase. They seem to be made well and are nice looking. They can be worn in the field or in the office just the same. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a stylish casual/work boot.
B000XXGMRO Great Style and Comfort Very stylish and comfortable boot.  Definitely runs at least a half size large, I tried the boot on in the store 1st and had to drop a half size from the size shoe that I normally wear and still have plenty of room.  The leather is very nice, high quality and boot seems very well "put together."  I would recommend this boot.
B000XXGMRO love it , great boot. It is good boot , great deal .stand long time and still feel comfortable . Thinking to buy another pair sometime.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers review The first pair I bought were way too big so I went a half size down and they seemed to fit a little better. I would recommend buying a full size down then what your normal size is though. The color was lighter than the picture so I don't know if that's  problem caused by Amazon or Timberland but the color was still nice and it doesn't matter since the boot is an awesome boot for the price. I bought them planning for all around use as well as hiking and they seem to be holding up fine but haven't gotten an opportunity to test whether they are truly waterproof or not. My only other issue is the lacing is kind of funny and I've had not lace them through certain holes so they weren't as tight. That might be an issue with my foot though rather than the boot. Either way these boots are worth it and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good quality boot for a fair price.
B000XXGMRO Great boot from Timberland This is yet another good looking, water proof boot from Timberland.  To summarize, here is what I think:*Disclaimer: I am writing this having just taken the boot out of the box a few minutes agoPros- The boot looks solidly made, from good material.- Comfortable.  There is a slight cushion effect when I walk.  Doesn't need breaking in.- There are many ugly water/snow proof boots out there.  This is probably as good looking as they get.Cons- The Burnished Brown color is slightly darker than I what I had wanted.  Not a big deal as it's still a nice color but just beware if you are picky.- As many reviewers have said before, buy one size down.  I am normally a size 10 and a 9 fits me perfectly.- They are a little bit too roomy above the toes.  Could be a little more slim (I'm such a New Yorker...)All in all, great boot to wear for the snow/rain.  I had a pair of Timberlands that last me a solid 5 years before I decided that they just got too stinky for me to use.  These will last me a long time, I'm sure.
B000XXGMRO boot size Nice boot but tended to run a little large both in length and width. Overall, I like the boots quite well.
B000XXGMRO Be Warned - Terrible quality control - Do no expect good wear I bought these boots expecting typical Timberland quality, however I was disappointed by the craftsmanship of the boots. The tongue of the boot is a two part stitched design, and within a few weeks it started to come apart.I had them replaced, and it was obvious that quality control on this line of boots is poor. The new boots have a tongue that is easily half the thickness of the previous pair. It is almost paper thin!It is a shame the boot suffers from poor craftsmanship because it is a beautiful looking boot and feels good on the feet.For those who remain undaunted by my comments - please note that these boots run very large. Get a 1/2 or full size smaller than you would normally wear.In closing, nice looking boot and terrible craftsmanship.
B000XXGMRO LIGHT STREET & HIKING BOOT THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ALL AROUND BOOT I HAVE EVER WORN. THIS PAIR OF BOOTS FEEL COMPLETELY BROKEN IN AND PERFECT FOR THE STREET AND TRAIL. A VERY GOOD LIGHT/MEDIUM BOOT.
B000XXGMRO Awesome boot! Looks just like the boot in the picture. I have a wide foot also, so I ordered the 2E, and the size fit perfectly. The boot looks wonderful with the quality leather and contrasting stitching; quality materials inside and out. The thing that I most enjoy about this boot is how comfortable it feels when walking. It's very soft on the inside yet very supportive as well. It's perfect.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers Boot The Timberland Earthkeepers are a very comfortable boot.  Run a little large (went a half size down) therefore, roomy. Durable so far.  The "brown leather" did fade onto lighter colored socks...Overall, a great boot.
B000XXGMRO Best boot I like very much this boot. It's a strong boot.No more to say. No more to write. Tank you
B000XXGMRO Great boot This boot is awesome after breaking in the leather they are so comfortable but beware the boots run super super small I normally wear 9-9.5 and a size seven fits me great!!! Sole is really soft so it wears kinda fast. I really do like this boot style comfort support really light weight great for hiking around
B000XXGMRO Free Boot Tongue ( There's got to be a better phrase for this) I appreciate that the boot tongue is not sewn into the sides if the boot like many other boot styles these days.
B000XXGMRO Classic Boot Good quality leather boot.  Classic style.  Nothing too fancy.  Decent padded insert sole.  No other padding or high-tech cushioning or materials.  All as advertised.  Lacing/unlacing is a bit of a hassle, but you get what you get.  Seems well made.  Sizes run large.  I usually wear a 12-1/2 and buy 13 in boots to accommodate boot socks.  Reviews said the sizes run 1/2 to 1 full size large.  Bought a 12 which fits just right with boot socks.
B000XXGMRO Worthwhile boot for the price A great and comfortable boot.  I feel the comfort of it is better than regular Timberland's, and the look is great.  I dod a lot of walking and hiking thus so far they have provided great comfort and durability.  I purchased them in order to get them resoled so I expect the boot to last a long time, a month so far with regular use and they still look new.
B000XXGMRO Great boot I bought a 8.5 2E,it's little more larger than I expected.The price is really cheap than it is in China.
B000YDG6FQ Uncomfortable boot, and is sized too large I agree with the prior posters - the boot runs a half size to a size too large.  In addition, it is not comfortable at all out of the box.  A shoe shouldn't take time to become comfortable!  Having to replace the insole to get 'comfortable' isn't something I'm inclined to do when I spend a couple hundred dollars on a shoe.  I sent mine back - will find another vendor with a comfortable boot that doesn't need modifications to fit and feel well.
B000YT7TLK Great Fitting Boot This could be the perfect boot - great heel height, and it fits like a glove.  The boot is shaped to conform to your lower leg so it is a closer fit, but it feels great that way.  The toe shaping is just right, a timeless style.  But the best part is the back of the boot - totally cool bone colored floral design up the back of the boot!  I fell in love with these the moment I put them on.  Great product!
B001701ZA6 Great boot! This boot look and feels great.  I'm normally a 10M but I have a borderline wide foot.  I got the boot in 9.5 and it fit great!  The Wheat color looks great with dark blue jeans.
B00170AGPQ The boot to have I absolutely love this boot, I am looking to get it in black as well. It's super comfy and stylish and most importantly it's waterproof and holds up extremely well in the winter months. It's also nice and warm. Also great for big calves. Haven't seen a better boot out there yet. Timberland really went all out on this one.
B00170BXZS My favorite go to boot! These are my favorite go to boot. They are comfortable, stylish and go with just about anything. I get compliments whenever I wear them.
B001760K56 For a Timberland  boot, I am disappointed Timberland always meant quality, at least they did, I was disappointed in the quality of leather in tihs boot.  Not up to standards by any means.
B001760K56 Good looking and comfortable! They are very comfortable and I can wear them with my pants tucked into boot or pant leg over boot.
B001760K56 Timberland Women's Lexiss Street Boot -- 'These boots were made for walkin' Based on other's reviews of this boot, I was leery of buying without being able to try them on.  What may help others interested in this boot is the following:  I am 5'10" and am very athletic (full contact sparring in Tae Kwon Do; other sports).  I have 17" calves, wide feet, high instep and a flexible/flat arch.  I have had foot surgery (bunionectomy), so I am very careful about the types of shoes I wear.I have never, ever been able to find a boot that fit my claves.  This boot FITS!!  The top of the shaft falls about 1.5" below my knee.  I wear tights with them and had to work at getting the right boot zipped up the first few wears, but they are fabulous leather and have relaxed a bit (I can even wear sock liners with my tights for extra warmth).Because I am curvy and athletic, I don't know that I'll ever be able to tuck my jeans into the boots, but I really don't care.  They are comfortable, warm, have survived a pretty rugged midwest winter with lots of snow/ice/arctic cold blasts.  I wear them with skirts (short or long), dress pants & jeans, fall/winter capri-type pants.  If I could sleep in them, I would.  If I had a million dollars, I'd buy a pair in every available color.  I've searched for a boot like this for at least 3 decades -- These babies totally ROCK!  They may not be the classic shiny leather rider's boot, but I certainly feel a little Nancy Sinatra coming on :)
B001760K56 great boot, quite rugged This boot is made really well, is comfortable right out of the box, and fits my small-ish calf perfectly. No doubt this boot would last for more than one winter. The leather has a matte finish and the sole is quite sturdy, which makes the boot look rather rugged. This was a bit of a surprise, since I was expecting it to look dressier, and therefore it was too casual for me. But this is an excellent boot for walking, and would be warm with woolly socks in the winter. Runs true to size. Also, Amazon service is impeccable.
B001760K56 Love this boot! This boot is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn.  I don't have thick calves nor do I have cankles, so I'm not sure why some think that's who they would best fit. I wear them over skinny jeans. I bought mine last winter and have worn them numerous times. They do well in rain and slush, did not get wet inside at all.
B001760K56 Cowboy boot This boot is really nice, good leather, color same as photo and perfect to size. But, it is more like a cowboy boot than a riding boot. It has a high heal with a nice lug sole and a really round toe almost pointy toe. If you want a riding boot than this isnt it. Otherwise its great.
B001760K56 great boot, great fit I have very slender legs & ankles and this boot was perfect.  My only complaint is that it squeaks a little when i walk but maybe i just need to break them in.  Love The Boot!
B001760K56 Great winter boot Timberland is great quality, no doubt about it.  So it is with the Lexiss boot, itis hardy and ready for winter climates.  However, the size I needed, a 9.5, made itlook like a man-boot, and not very fashionable.  I would order other Timberland products, butthese boots did not work for me.
B001760K56 Tall Leather Boot This is the second pair of Timberland Boots I have purchased from Amazon and I have been extremely pleased with both!  This is a boot that hits just under the knee, great for dress up or dress down.  Has a nubuck leather, tarnished gold hardware, and is very comfortable!  I ordered a half size up on this.  I wear an 8, bought an 8.5 and that worked out very well.  The rubber sole provides great traction and the boot is fashionable to wear with jeans or skirts.  Would highly recommend.
B001760K56 Stylish but practical boot at a great price! I have been looking for a boot like this for years. Stylish yet waterproof and warm, perfect for New England winters. Room to tuck in jeans, can dress up or down. Took them out of the box and wore them that whole day, very comfortable. They do run a little long and I might have been able to go down a half size. Ended up keeping and am really happy with them!
B001760K56 Great Leather Boot This is a leather great boot and gets a lot of compliments.  I also have a wider calves and it fits great without falling down over time. I own black Timberland Darcy boots from a previous season and the Lexiss is almost exactly the same fit. I also own a motorcycle and this boot doubles nicely for riding. Traction is great and my feet/lower legs feel secure and protected while on the bike.
B001760K56 love this boot I love this boot. Had previosly ordered and returned four other pair that didn't fit--too baggy, too wide in the calf etc...This boot is super comfy and fits well. The only problem I have with it is that the sole is squeaky on certain floors. makes sneaking up on someone very difficult.
B001760K56 Myro4ka Arrived in 2 days!!!I am a perfect size 7 and after reading all the reviews I ordered a 6.5 M, it fits well, however still feels like it could be a 1/2 size smaller, I wish I went with a full size smaller, the calf 14 and 1/4 fits very snug, I am a 14&1/4 inches.I am hoping it will stretch a bit, I have extended the buckle to the second hole. But all in all, I am not returning this boot because I love it too much. I tried it in a store at the mall and found that size 7 store boot fits perfectly, I then measured the bottom of the sole and found it to be the same 10'5 inches as the boot I received at 6.5 M size.A word of warning, this boot looks on your foot like a whole inch longer, not qute clown feet but it's way longer then my rubber boots and any other flat boots that I have, this is because of the way that the sole is attached to the boot (stitching on the outside), so don't despair when you receive it and it's seems so much longer then your actual foot.By the way this boot is WATER AND WEATHER PROOF!!!! I wish this was mentioned in the description, I would buy it WAY more willingly!!!
B001760K56 Lexiss Boot Excellent quality boot, have been getting lots of compliments. The only issue I had was the insole arch of the boot is quite high (and I don't have flat feet!!) which took a few days to adjust to, but now it seems to have moulded to my feet. Overall very happy though :)
B001760OQQ great boot These fit best if you go up a half size, but other than that they are great. They broke in faster than any boot I've had, and I've had quite a few pairs. These boots are most comfortable pair of Timberlands I've ever had--very flexible sole and light weight. They look like they are heavy but aren't.
B001760OQQ I love this boot! This boot is great. It does run narrow, I normally wear normal width and I ordered wide. It fits great. I've worn this boot several times already and have been very comfortable each time. It's also a nice looking boot.
B001760OQQ Very Stiff Boot The leather on this product is beautiful, and there is nice detail, but what a very stiff boot this is! I would not have bought it if I had had the opportunity to try it on first.
B001760OQQ great boot a really solid, well made boot. the combination of the zipper and laces provides a perfect fit. the boot's held up very well walking through light snow and the accompanying slush and puddles. the toebox is a little longer than i'd expected and the boot looks a touch more masculine than i'd thought, but i really do enjoy walking in them and have received multiple compliments.
B001760S0S Sharp kooking boot I love everything about this boot except the white sole, I wish it was black too. But it's a fantastic boot, very comfortable and I hope they continue to make them.
B001764P20 Stable all purpose boot I originally wanted the boot in blue, but they were sold out so I settled for the dark browns. While it may not be the most stylish looking boot, it keeps my feet pretty warm--though there were a couple of days my toes got cold, for the most part my feet are cozy. Great for water and slushy puddles, the rubber waterproof soles work fantastic. I love the laces and you can get the pretty tight. I have a size 10, and I don't know if it's just me but they were just a tiny tad too big. Only when I tuck pants into the boots do they get especially tight. Still, even a bit loose they are still very comfortable and stay on my feet. They are not heavy and I can get around fine. I don't think the grip soles work that well on very slippery ice but then no boot probably will except for cleats. It looks like a very wintery boot and is nice for those snowy slushy days. Overall I am happy with the boot, but plan on investing in a taller boot, one where I can better tuck my pants in. I paid $59 for them and I notice at this moment they are $119. I do not think they are worth over $100 by an means. They could have been good at $50 actually, even for Timberlands. Still, no real complaints here.
B0019QW9DK Great funky boot This boot is wonderful!  Wasn't sure whether I should buy a 10.5 or 11, went with the 10.5 and is perfect.  She wears them everyday and they never hurt her feet.  Great buy.
B0019TTQVU Great boot for my child Love this boot my son wore it all the time. He would get upset when he couldnt put it on.
B001ABTE7S Can't go wrong with the field boot! This is the Best Timberland boot on the market. The field boot is my favorite and can easily be worn with anything!
B001AMYA7G TIMBERLAND THIS BOOT IS PROBABLY THE MOST FEMININE BOOT THAT TIMBERLAND MAKES. IT WAS COMFORTABLE AND DURABLE. GOOD CHOICE FOR A WEATHER BOOT.
B001AQUBRU This boot is cute. I wanted this boot so bad but when they arrived one boot was smaller than the other.So I didnt get to enjoy this boot.
B001B7FP8I Overall good boot. Overall good boot for the money. Item on Amazon states 200g Thinsulate insulation but if you go to Timberland web site there is no mention of 200g Thinsulate insulation in Timberland Woobury. This is not a sub zero boot you need 800-1000 grams of insulation of adequate protection in those temperatures. Boot well made and faux fleece helps to keep feet warm. Deep lug good for slush and slow, waterproofing keeps feet dry.
B001BFD3PC Excellent boot This boot fits well, is well built, sturdy and nice looking. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone who needs a good pair of boots.
B001C4CIP8 Work boot These boots have a good fit.  Very comfortable.  The boot my husband usually buys for work.  You, also, get extra pair of boot strings
B001C4CIP8 Nice boot but dangerous while driving The boot is rugged and comfortable. It is a very large boot. The boot is exceptionally wide. Over 1 inch wider than most boots. While driving the first day that I was wearing the boot I had a problem. The boot was so wide that when I hit the brake while parking my truck, the boot also hit the accelerator pedal. If there were a person or a car in front of me I would have run them over. Fortunately for me there was only grass in front of my truck. I have decided not to wear these boots for fear of causing an accident when driving.
B001CGY16A These boots are made for walking. These boot are great, a lot of people complament me on them. They are all leather boot.People could not believe they were timberlands. Thank you for making such a stylish boot.
B001EBA784 Comfort in a work boot! This boot is extremely comfortable. It compares to a high end running shoe. Extremely light as well. Much easier to make it through the work day wearing these then most other boots.My only complaint are the soles. This boot can be quite slippery on ice.
B001EBA784 Very Comfortable, Very Light...a couple issues though You wont find a more comfortable or light 6" steel toe work boot.  The boot holds up pretty well if you throw in some new insoles once or twice.  A few things I would change:  The tongue of the boot has no sides so if debris hits the shoelaces - it can fall in by your socks. The tongue also has no loops to run the laces through to hold it in place. The top two sets of shoelace holes should be of the quick lace type.  Also, the sole could have a little more traction when wet and have a sharper/deeper edge on the front of the heel (e.g. to catch a ladder rung).If you can put up with those issues, you should not be disappointed.
B001EBA784 GOOD BOOT FOR PRICE THID BOOT FITS LIKE A GLOVE. WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY ONE WHO WORKS OUTSIDE IN ROUGH TERRIAN. WILL BUY AGAIN.
B001EBJU82 Great Boot I have had the 6&#34; lace up style of this boot for 3 years now. I love those boots alot. When i was looking for something new i found these. I have 2 other pairs of this style from other companies (Red Wing and Ariat). These are just as comfortable as my other boots, but have the added benifit of the abrasian resistant lower portion. I am very pleased with these!
B001EBJU82 real boot These things are what you want when you need a real boot.Well built inside and out.Comfort and function are both optimized.Tallest wellington style boot I've ever had.Only gripe I have is that I can't get them to take a shine to wear to church.
B001EBJU82 The best boot! This is the best work boot that I have ever used and I will never use another brand. I usually wear a 9.5 but since this is a slip on boot I wear a 9 and it fits perfectly. My last pair lasted over 3 years and I am in them for almost 12 hours a day 5 days a week. Awesome boot!!
B001EWFEOK Timberland Men's 18126 Plymouth Trail Boot,Dark Brown,11 M US I have worn this boot for years and they are the best boot ever.  Tough, durable, light weight and no I do not hike.  I wear them around the farm to work in.  When the bottoms wear out I get them resoled and double the life.  I have worn other boots that wear as well but none that are as light weight as these.  Shoe weight makes a lot of difference at the end of a 12-14 hour day.
B001EWFF30 good-looking and comfortable shoe! I received the shoes within one week after I ordered them as I expected.  They fit fine and are almost too handsome to be a boot!  I plan to wear them to work also,They look like a dress boot also, and will do double-duty for me; both as a hiking and work boot.  Their appearance along with the Timberland reputation for quality really makes me feel that I definitely got a good deal!
B001EWFF30 Timberland Flume Boot This Timberland Flume boot is a perfect fit, lends good support, and is comfortable. My job requires me to stand and walk all day and this boot has relieved the stress on my feet and ankles.
B001EWFF30 First time to buy a Timberland boot I ended up getting the 12 2e.  In boots most often I can buy a D width and it is a good fit.  It all depends on the manufacturer.  I believe that this being a hiking boot it is more accurately sized.
B001EWFF30 Great boot This boot fits perfectly and feels great....I wear them all the time.  The supplier (Elite Hero) was fast and priced right.
B001EWFF30 Nice boot, but not right for my husband This is a nice boot, looks sturdy and well made, but unfortunately, it did not fit well.  He wasn't crazy about the hooks for the laces at the top of the boot either.  They are being returned.
B001EWFF30 Great ankle boot. I needed an ankle boot for support.  These are very comfortable and fit well.  My only complaint is the deep tread which tracks dirt and trash into the house if I am not careful to clean them off.  I wish they made the same boot in a smooth rubber sole.  They may do so as far as I know.
B001EWFF30 Great mid-top Hiking Boot I received this boot as a gift.  I wear this boot when I am out riding the 4 wheeler and when I am at the farm walking around or out cutting wood.  This boot feels more like a shoe.  It has a really good fit and a nice tread pattern.  I am not a "boot person" so I was a little concerned at first.  I normally wear tennis shoes everywhere for any occasion.  This boot would easily go from the casual Friday office attire to the farm.  I am planning to buy a pair just for Fridays and jean days.  The pair I got as a gift will be my farm set so I can get them muddy or wet.Note to my review.  As of December 4, 2011, the right boot developed a separation of the leather to the sole.  It is on the inside of the right boot and is about an inch long.  I did not do anything to cause it, it just happened.  Since these boots are advertised as waterproof, I can no longer in good conscience make a positive recommendation.  For what these boots cost, they definitely should have lasted at least one year--but these didn't.  If I had it to do over again, I would not have made this purchase.  Though the boots feel good, the quality, over the long haul, has disappointed me greatly.  Therefore I am lowering my previous five star rating down to a one star rating.
B001EWFF30 Good Boot Timberland is always a good buy. The fit, the style, and excellent walking boot.  I can strongly recommend this item.
B001EWFF30 Great hiker and rainy/snowy weather boot! This boot fits great!  I have worn them everyday for 2 weeks and they are the most comfortable shoe (not just boot!) that I own.  I love hiking in them and they are great for the snow, too.
B001EWFF30 Very cheaply made (China) The shoestrings are so thin they feel like they are for women's dress shoes.  Each boot feels completely different than the other.If you are looking for an outdoor boot that you expect to last more than a few months, look elsewhere.
B001EWFF30 Well Built, Good Price, but I selected this product over the Internet, not realizing it would look like a work boot. I wanted a shoe-look. It is well-built, priced well, and arrived in a timely fashion. I've now learned a lesson in what to look for, but am returning the boot.
B001EWFF30 timberland flume boot i have been wearing this boot daily for the past 3 years. I think i am on my third pair, and i still have 2 more pairs that i have not worn.this boot, to me, is a real value- comfort even on neighborhood walks, working in a hospital, a restaurant, bakery, construction. The water-proofing is acceptable for my use.
B001EWFF30 good boot Seems to be a great boot. Wears well. Good fit.  Have worn daily and I ave enjoyed. No complaints at all.
B001EWFF30 Excellent Boot Fit as advertised and a very comfortable boot. Boot feels like they are already broke-in.I recommend you purchasing these boots.
B001EWFF30 Good boot. No breaking in period. These were very comfortable boots. Good looking boot, looks just as pictured. Would definitely recommend. Great buy.
B001FXZU92 Great boot Great boot for working in the sawmill and grading. This boot seems to be able to with stand all that I throw at them.
B001FXZU92 Didnt last long This was a comfortable boot right out of the box.  I bought this boot in Jan. and 2 weeks ago I noticed a hole in the leather a half inch or so behind the steel toe.  I thought they would last longer than 6 mo's.!  So I am disapointed by that.  But over all a decient work boot....Just dont work them to hard!
B001FXZU92 Great Boot Good quality boot, the best I have found for all day on cement floors.  I do add an insert for my arches but even as they come they are very comfortable.  I wear a 12M and they fit as labeled.
B001FXZU92 These boots hurt my feet. The boot should have more padding. The heal pprtion of the inside of the boot is all rubber and wore my heal raw. If the boot had more padding it would be a better boot for working in.
B001FXZU92 Not a good boot but great customer service The boot didn't fit me well but Timberland's 30day guarantee is great!!I returned the boots to Timberland and got my money back without any hassles.  I will definitely be buying more Timberlands.Good cushion, for standing long periods, however when doing a lot of walking it is too heavy and the tongue slides to the side.
B001FXZU92 Great Boot! Even though its a little bigger than I need, I don't mind. Still Extremely comfortably and durable. Would buy again in a heart beat
B001FXZU92 Boot eyelet The third time I wore these boots the metal shoe string hook eyelet broke off, it has three and the first one closet to the toe came off on the right boot.
B001FXZU92 worth every cent Very comfertable boot, fits as expected. This boot have very good heel support and feeks like a very sturdy boot.
B001FXZU92 almost the perfect boot I love everything about my boots except for one thing, thats why I only gave 4 stars. the tounge on the boot rides to the outside of the foot decreasing the comfort. I have 4 co workers who wear these boots and they all have the same problem.
B001FXZU92 Best Boot For Comfort This is not my first Boot I work on concrete all day 5 days a week and this boot Not only protects the toes , the boot is very Comfortable  , It is slightly heavy But its a good compromise for the Comfort
B001FXZU92 Nice boot I'm an electrician and need a semi rugged boot. These boots are very comfortable and hold up to the demand very well. The only potential drawback for some may be that they are a little on the heavy side if you do a lot of walking.
B001FXZU92 Decent work boot.....just didn't last. Comfortable and dry boot, could wear this boot all day long with no problems.Cons: heavy boot and in the 2nd year wearing these boots the inside of the steel toe come apart. And I'm not hard on boots they usually last awhile.
B001FXZU92 big success !! I  work as a Tile setter and these boots lasted the longest out of any boot i ever owned. It took about a year to wear my toes through the rubber, which is far longer than any other boot by about 9 months. also the leather used to make the boot is very good leather  unlike some other boots there are no holes in the leather even after a year and a half of wear and tear on the construction site.  Although  i must say the soul of the boot  has a lot of wear too it  but i never own a shoe that my heal didn't wear.  These boots provide comfort and warmth in  the winter and i will defiantly will be buying another pair in the future.
B001FXZU92 real comfy boot Best boot I've ever used for work.i use in a meat department so i stand for long periods of time and also work in lanscaping so good outdoor boot.. I'm a size 9 but bought a 8.5 they run a little big but the 8.5 fit perfect. Really comfortable. When I get home I dont feel as tired or legs don't hurt as much as before
B001FXZU92 Comfort, comfort, comfort This is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn right out of the box.  No break in time needed.
B001FXZU92 Perfect boot This boot is very comfortable. Breathes well for being all leather. Grips great while having the toe cover protects from scraps and scrathes
B001FXZU92 Might not be boot I ordered. Ordered timberland pro Endurance 6&#34; boot but no word of endurance written on it, maybe wrong boot?  Looks the same boot as the one pictured above.
B001FXZU92 long lasting and comfortable It ' s a Timberland PRO boot - what more can I say? Their description pretty much covers it. A great work boot.
B001FXZU92 Lousy Boot I purchased this boot, Timberland came highly recommended. I wore the boot for 6 months, 3 last year and 3 this year and the bottoms are completely gone. I spent a lot of money for this boot, just to find out that the price tag is much higher then the life of the shoe. Would not buy ever again.
B001FXZU92 Heavy boot!! Timberland makes a great boot. I am not a fan of this boot really because I have worn so many others that didnt hurt my feet like these. The sole is super flat and hard. Installed $45 insoles to help and it did some what. The steel toe cap is small and rubs on my little toe after wearing them 6-10 hrs.. They are built like a tank and will have them until I get a better pair I can wear with thinking about my feet hurting. Dang shame really after all the reviews I looked. Maybe this boot will be 5 stars for you, or 1 star?
B001GB379I Does what it's suppose to do. While I can't agree with others that state this boot is comfortable, It does in fact do its job of protecting my feet.I work in a foundry. Metal spills happen. These boots will protect my feet from such things with the guard. The boot is constructed quite well and I also enjoy the looks of the boot.However comfort, not the greatest. Perhaps after the 'break in' period, they will feel better.Above all, I am happy with the purchase.
B001GB379I tim pros are the only boot that belongs in the shop nice boot for me since the gravel pit didnt work after a break in week im loving them. welder aproved!
B001GB379I For My Nephew I bought these for my nephew and must be a good boot because this is the second pair that he has asked for.  He is required to wear a certain type of safety boot on the job and these fit that type and quality of boot that is required.  They must be comfortable because he is on his feet during most of his shift.  I will give these a 4 star just because he asked for them again, so they must be good.
B001GB379I Timberlands could be better I purchased boot November 2013 I only had till June 16 2014 and now they all breaking apart I work construction delivering drywall five days a week I do not think the boot is a good product thanks for looking at my comment
B001GB379I ok boot nice boot but could have been a little larger . two week's wearing the boot's the still hurt my feet
B001GB379I Very comfortable Boots Better than expected.  Very comfortable boot. Price was nice too! I would recommend this boot to others, it is very affordable.
B001GB379I Get your work done Best work boot I've ever bought.  They have already outlasted my average boot time.  There is no tearing or fatigue at the top toe of boot.  After a year the heel is still in great shape, this boot looks like it will last me another year. I buy high quality high priced work boots for 8 years and they last me about 6-8 months...These are past a year.The boot itself is high on your leg, and heavy due to shield covering the laces...Thats why I went with these.Rugged boots...
B001GB379I Comfortable and lite-weight (for a metguard boot) I needed a metguard safety boot for the facility I was contracted to work in and knew I could count on Timberland Pro to be one of the most comfortable and lite in weight. Doesn't have the bend a normal boot would have but that's to be expected given the Met Guard. Very satisfied and would buy again.
B001IK87MY Great boot Great boot, a tad big but nice boot.  I bought red wings a week earlier and did not like the new feel.
B001L1DBQC Good Boots At first, they wore my heels out, formed blisters.  The boots are comfortable after a short break in period.  Solid boot.  My complaints are that the tongue always moves to the side and they can wear on your heels.  Overall good boot.  Probably gonna look for another one next year though.
B001L1DBQC Solid boot..funny siz ing After the third pair, finally got the size right.  Had to go down 1 full sizeSolid n sturdy boot.  Already been in a few inches of rain, feet were dry and toasty.This is a heavy boot but easy on the feet
B001L1DBQC Comfortable Sturdy Boot I purchased this boot as it was one of three options required for my new work site.It is a little heavy, but very sturdy.  I have been warring it for 3 weeks, the padding makes it a very comfortable boot.I would highly recommend.
B001L1DBQC Timberland Pro This boot is a Good Sturdy Boot, I have a Lighter pair of timberline pro and wanted/needed something (stronger?) This boot is Heavier and sturdier for sure, so when you buy it don't expect the "comfort" of the other timberline pro boots.This is just a Heavier Boot with a stronger sole and it took about a month of everyday wear to break in.
B001PBK87I My Timberland experience. Went looking for a decent boot with 400 grams insulation. I ordered these. NOT TRUE TO SIZE. I wore them around my house for a day they felt ok. Wore them to work. Day one my feet were warm. But the boot felt a little to small. Every other boot I wear is 12M. By the second day I couldn't take it anymore my right foot was hitting the inside of the boot. I was going to return them but a guy I work with bought them from me. I won't by timberland again. They don't offer half sizes so this was a big waste of my time.
B001PBK87I Great boot They fit perfectly when I put them on unlike other books that are to tight until they are worn in.
B001S5X31E Timberland Pro Titan Terrain (M) I purchased the Titan Terrain boot because I was looking for a black 10" height logger-style boot. After reviewing several different boots I settled on the Timberland Pro Titan Terrain because of both it's claim to be waterproof and the Electrical Hazard rating. As a student training to be a lineman, EH rating is important to me as is having a steel shank.At first glance out of the box they are a good looking boot, flipping them over I see that the tread depth and pattern could use some work. It seems shallow and doesn't look like it would have alot of grip. I would have liked a deeper tread. Putting them on I notice that they have both the ability to be speed laced and regular laced, as all of the top four (eight if you count both sides) eyelets have slots in them for the speedlace. Right now I'm using the top two as such. I regularly wear a size 12 wide boot, and I did have some trouble fitting my foot into the 12 medium boot but that is to be expected. Forunately there was alot of interior room, it was mainly that I had them almost entirely laced. They are a very comfortable boot, easy to walk around in, and provide a fair amount of support. Taking them off I notice that some of the features are already wrinkled from wearing them the short 5 minutes that I initially tried them on, but that is also to be expected.I would have to give them a four star rating, loosing the one star because of the lack of tread depth. I almost want to take another star off for the price, but most good boots are going to be expensive, and I am yet to put these to the test. We will have to see how they hold up.
B001S5X31E Timberland great boot. But!!?? THIS IS 1 OF THE REVIEWS that I read  and have a big problem with also.(A comfortable wear all day boot, have a 2 year old paironly thing I have had/seen issue with is the lining inside the boot shaft, it has pulled loose (unglued), it has not affected the comfort or performance, just have to loosen laces more to not pull lining any looser.more care/looser laces when removing boots may avoid this.I would have only knocked off half a star if it had been option.I have used Hubbards Boot Grease on all my boots for over 20years. helps flexibility and protects leather promoting longer life.)"I don't believe it's the boot at all only driving as much as we have to in construction. I also use my boots five days a week plus some weeks. I believe It is actually the flexibility in the back  ankle portion of the boot. Which is actually good, but the soft leather circle in the back ankle portion of your boot, is not big enough and flexible enough to be driven on and used every day couple hours out of the day for driving. Not only does the liner start coming in and out of the boot as you take it off, the waterproof lining inside the layers of the boot also breaks and starts to seep water if you're in a wet muddy hole or puddle. I do not only feel, but I am almost willing to BET money It's from driving and all the heavy motion on the right foot from driving that is required in construction! Which more then likely it is the right boot from the gas to the brake pedal, left right up-and-down in and out. If Timberland could only figure out better motion and range of movement in this work boot and make the rubber soul of the boot last a little longer I would give them five stars. The waterproofing, leather, comfort, composite toe, high height of the boot, works and is amazing. For the money I feel there still is no better boot on the market. Just a few tweaks on the heal and ankle flexing and the rubber of the outside soul would make it perfect. One suggestion buy these boots, but until Timberland changes the ankle flexibility, at least wear slippers or another pair of shoes to drive and working in them you will be amazed.I am on my third pair in three years. The only reason I am  not on my first pair still is because of the ankle liner leaking water due to extensive driving. And the rubber soul that hits the concrete all day every day could be longer-lasting. But if I were walking around and only working in them every day they would be five stars. Thank you timberland please adjust this ASAP longtime purchaser and wearer!!!!!!!!!Matt
B001SARJXC Perfect Chelsea Boot I liked Timberland's rendition of the Chelsea Boot so much, I bought a 3rd pair.  Granted, it's the 3rd pair I've owned in the last 2 years.  I wear them practically every day.  They are very comfy and stylish as well.  I can't help but emphasize the comfort and style the boot looks. Unlike other Chelsea Boots, these look just right.  Other manufacturers seem to have a rendition of a Chelsea Boot that looks too stiff or very 'blocklike'.  The straps in the front and back of the shoe help assist with putting the boot on with ease.  Definitely worth the purchase.
B001SARJXC Great Boot, but.... The boot is true to size and very comfortable. They keep your feet dry. Great looking boot. I am a long time Timberland pull on style boot wearer and this is the first time that one of the pull on straps have ever broken. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.
B001SARJXC Good looking boot but lacking quality... My mother purchased this boot as a Christmas (2009) present for my husband in black.  He loves the look of the boot and says they are both comfortable and warm.  Unfortunately, the loop on the front of the boot has already torn (not become unstitched but actually tore)and he has only had them for 4 days.  The loop is supposed to be functional and help the wearer slip his foot into the boot since there isnt a zipper.  Our concern is that if the loop tore in just four days, how long will the rest of the boot hold up? This is very poor quality compared to the Timberland boots I have always purchased.My husband called the company to have them send him another pair.  They said they are out of this particular style until April and that he should take the boot to a shoe repair store, fax them the receipt, and they would reimburse him for the cost of the repair.  This most likely will resolve this incident but are they going to do this for each of the loops?Overall I would say we are both disappointed in the quality.
B001SARJXC nice boot, poor fit The boot was returned. the second pair of boots boot fits fine. The second style has just the right fit.
B001SARJXC Good looking, comfortable boot A must have inmy wardrobe.It run a little bit large but the upper part of the boot fit it great, very confortable, good looking, stylish, great leather quality.Love them!!!!!I definitely recommend this product, I caught a great price though.The shipping was just when they told me.
B001SARJXC Nice boot The boot is to be as expected. I would have liked the boot to have a bit more of a rugged look to it. It is a nice, shiny leather.  It has good traction to it and easy to put on. I anticipate it will break in well, and get more of a rugged, timberland look.
B001SARJXC A perfect boot for law enforcement professionals and fashionable dressing Timberland Men's 88580 Mt Washington City Chelsea Boot is one of the most comfortable boots i have ever owned. This shoe is comfortable, light, soft to the sole of the feet and hardly could you realize you are wearing a boot. Above all it increases mobility and gives you the needed balance when you walk.
B001SARJXC Good boot Quality construction however the boot was tight around distal portion of my foot. I recommend a wider size than what you are used to
B001SARJXC Wonderful boot... just one issue This is a great boot. I've purchased 2 pairs now and am considering buying my third. The boots lasted me nearly 2 years of continuous wear and only became more comfortable the longer I wore them. I love that I could wear them for almost any occasion and was constantly getting compliments on them.My one issue is with the adhesive they use on the heel... not the heel itself but the banding they put over the heel (purely aesthetic) while it doesn't effect the feel or performance of the boot it makes them look cheap. It is the first thing to give way in this boot and requires constant repair (shoe glue). Otherwise this boot holds up fairly well and will get you more miles than any other boot I've owned.
B001SARJXC Hard to find a boot that can withstand the elements but also wear with a suit. This is the best that I could find.  The good news is the boot is very comfortable, much better than either a dress shoe or a snow boot.  If you shine the boot it could pass for a dressier shoe but the shine won't hold more than a day or two.  The construction is not that sturdy.  I broke the strap on one boot pulling it on.  After about a year, the sole tears and water seeps into the boot, rendering it useless.  I wish I could find something that's more comfortable and durable, but also looks good, but this is the best I can find so far.
B001SARJXC Nice boot but poor quality The boot fit well and seemed comfortable, but the loop on the back broke immediately. Probably will try another brand.
B001SARJXC Great Boot Once i had worn this boot a few times i wished i had bought several pair as it was sogood.Very comfortable and it looks to be very durable.
B001SARJXC Great Boot This boot is very comfortable. You can dress it up or dress it down. I have a few pairs in different colors. I've had a pair for over 4 years that are still in great shape and I wear them constantly.
B001SARJXC Great Pair of Boots Right out of the box these shoes were extremely comfortable.  They are built well and the quality is excellent.  I wanted a spring/winter/fall boot to wear for casual and dress.  I found the right boot.  I ordered on Monday and received them Wednesday by 10:00 a.m.
B001SARJXC Comfortable & Good Looking Boot I have had the brown version of this boot for a couple of years and it's a very comfortable boot and has worn nicely so I decided to get in black to replace a pair of Clark's that are worn out.  I had to return the first pair of the new black ones due to some issue with the left boot not fitting very well.  These boots have an unusual sole insert that I have never seen before in a boot.  I think there might have been some quality issues with this fitting properly in its place.  Returned and Amazon shipped the new ones out quickly that fit much better.  They take a shine well and the pull tabs seem to be stitched on very well and the leather interior of the shoe keeps your foot dry on hot days.
B001SARJXC Great Quality Boot Love this boot. Comfortable and can be worn with slacks or jeans. The leather is really nice, a bit stiff the first couple of days but is now broken in and comfortable. Great price. Thanks Amazon!
B001SARJXC Decent boot. Not the best boot I have owned but they do feel pretty good. Slip on easy no laces. Just slightly too big.
B001SARJXC Like this boot This is the third time I have purchased this boot. I like the fact that the style is simple. Plus this should get me through the winter season.
B001SARJXC almost the perfect boot Practical, durable, comfortable, and looks great. I'm a woman who had been searching for an excellent chelsea boot for years, but all the women's styles I found were too &#34;fashion-y&#34; and not always well made. This is a great boot. I can wear it to the office, casual on the weekends, and outdoors for just about anything. It is waterproof too. I also have the tan suede and that one IS the perfect boot.
B001SARJXC Boot Review Bought this Boot last year in black and loved so I bought it in Brown this year and am equally impressed. Great store to buy from and received in a timely manner. All GOOD!
B001SARJXC Beware the infamous fragile pull up loop, not fit for purpose More than one customer had commented on the boot's propensity to shed its leather pull up loop. I thought it was a one off and that the boot had been made on a Monday or something. I had the same problem at about the 32nd day after buying it and the first time I tugged at it to pull up the boot! Why put in a pull up loop if you do not want people to use it to pull up the boot or if it is designed to rip right off? It is comfortable though but large for its size.
B001SARJXC Good everyday boot. Fairly durable (this is not my first pair).Very comfortable after short break in.Good water resistance.Excellent value at sale price (I'd pay list if I had to).Not a dress boot; will not take a high gloss shine.The engineer in me is impressed by the fact that the soles and the uppers wear out at about the same rate. The designers knew what they were doing.
B001SARJXC great boot Nice pair of boots they fit very well and look good  I got them on time  Great boot  very light
B001U0OTCY Don't buy if you truly need a waterproof boot. The boot fits well, looks good, and is quite warm, however, I truly need a waterproof boot and even with protective spray this one is not.
B001U0OTCY Great boot The first thing I noticed was the light weight, that was a nice addition to a very stylish looking boot, got great heights and lots of cushion, good buy and a good manufacturer
B001U0OXIO Very Good Boot Found to be a very comfortable boot. Sizing is accurate and Laces up wellThe only thing I would improve is the heal strike area which is to thin in my view
B001UE6SW4 Great boot I have been searching for a good quality, waterproof hiking boot for my toddler.  A friend of mine found this one. The traction on this boot is great, and my daughter wasted no time finding a puddle to step in.  Her feet were still dry at the end of the hike.  It is a little difficult getting her foot into the opening of the hightop, but that is not a problem.  I highly recommend this boot.
B001UE701C Timberline Medic Boot This particular style of boot is hard to come by so when I saw these I jumped at the chance to purchase for my son, he is using for &#34;fire fighter&#34; gear and emergency dress..he uses them to ride his motorcycle as well and even to school...these are a great boot and i would highly recommend them to any future emergency workers (lol) or any child who is a little hard on shoes, these are a sturdy good boot that fits great and looks good as well!
B001UE701C Good boot - not great - typical quality from timberland Nice boot - got what we were expecting.  A sizable investment for a little guy whose feet are growing fast, but he has a little brother so we'll get our value out of these.Incidentally, our toddler things he is the cat's meow with these on...
B001VNCKJ4 My favorite boot of all time! A very stylish but durable and comfortable boot.  I've had mine for 2 1/2 years and they're still going strong.  I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for boot they can wear to the office and also hold-up in the outdoors.
B001VNCKJ4 Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 6" Zip Boot Premium Boot These shoes are better live then in picture, fit as expected, they look really nice on my coat... I would buy again and I recommend to all.
B001VNCKJ4 Timberland Dress Boots Timberland has long been considered an icon of quality outdoor footwear.Timberland has adorned the feet of stars,rappers,those in the hard labor trades and models on the runway.Timberland has forged quality footwear for hikers to skiers.Now witness the Timberland men's 6"zip boot,Timberland's answer to the quintenssential dress boot.Refined,Stylish,& Masculine.Unequivocably Timberland with a dress boot appeal.You will Love the toned down ruggedness of this dress boot.The Boots arrived on time,packed well in original Timberland box,& as described.
B0024MVAI8 Great work boot Great boot. Fit is perfect (ordered sz 16) waterproofed them myself. I have been impressed with the comfort. Would def buy again
B0028N7DL6 excellent boot one of the most comfortable boots i've had.  very supportive very good sole.  great boot.
B0028N7EV0 the greatest boot I have had these boots for 3 years.I wore then everyday they were very comfortable from day one.my feet were never sore.hard to find this boot now I might buy a few more pair before they cannot be found anymore. Bottom of boot wore out there is no more grip left they hold together better then any other boot I have ever had. You will not be disappointed by these.
B00295RHNM Great boot! This boot fits well and is comfortable.  Good ankle support and not too heavy of a boot.  Nice to have the steel toe with the boot
B00295RHNM Very happy with Work Boot I'm very happy with this work boot. I ordered this boot a whole size bigger because of previous reviews and am very happy I did because the boot runs small. I'm satisfied with this product. It's a very comfortable boot.
B00295RHV4 Really nice boot Have only had these a few weeks but have found them extremely comfortable, well fitting.  The foot bed is amazing.  Put them on and wore them with no problem.  They are warm and sturdy without being heavy and have a good grippy sole.  The lacing is good, allowing the boot to stay very snug and stable.  Also have the Titans which are great gardening boots and more flexible so think they will remain my summer boots.  Longevity is unknown at this time.
B00295RHV4 Great Work Boot! I have a mini-farm and this boot is great!  It is non-slip and holds my foot firm around the ankle while moving wood or hopping up and down off a tractor.  My feet do not tire due to the great support around the foot.  I would recommend this boot for any women that is on her feet all day long.
B0029XG3OS Excellent Boot This boot it's fantastic...I recommend to buy. Great to work, strong, comfortable, safety, total protection. I my opinion so good.
B0029XG5YG Perfect in you feet I am from Brasil and I bought the Timberland PRO Men's Boot, because since I was a child a always wanted one, but I didn't find anyone here that got my eyes, so as a costumer from Amazon for more than one year I was looking for one, I saw that boot, and found it beautiful, so I decided to buy it.I was a little scared when I bought it, because the size from Brasil is different from the US, and I knew that a could exchange if the size didn't fit me.But when it arrived, the boot fit to my size perfectly, and the boot is so comfortable in my feet, I never had used something so comfortable as it, it is amazing.Thanks Amazon again.
B0029XG5YG Just wish it was a better fit.... I gave it a 5star even though I could only wear it for a few hours and then had to take them off because my feet was hurting so much! Here is my story, I always buy  9.5 W shoes online, the fit in the length and the width was perfect, only the height of the boot bridge was maybe for a size 8.5, I took of my socks and removed the inserts from the boots, and still it was not high enough, it hurt the bridge of both my feet so much I had to take them off, told my wife that these shoes are good for torture .......But I already bought a 10.5 size of the same boot, because I could see/feel that it is a really good mining boot, so the problem I had was with the sizing, not the make of the boot! It really looks and feel like a good quality mining boot!
B0029XG5YG ALLSOME BOOT I have worked in the construction and maintenance field . Many boots i have gone through. These boots i started with the 10 inch gravel pit boot and it was like i wore them for over the break in period at the first day.i paid 280.00 off the boot truck. wells they were good.  but boot truck no longer carry them. So went to amazon LOLAmazon 161.00 for same boot.. looked more the 14 inch boot.191.00 do the math..These boots i wore the bottom off. 10 inch. there is a company to resole them RESOLE AMERICA.com. I have since bought 1 more 10 inch and 2 14 inch before they stop producing these boots. Waterproof yes they are, but come one ya have to redo the water proof the gore-tex does not last forever. treat your boots. my first pair 10 inch on second year, but a resole. Hats Off to Timberland. PEACE.
B0029XG5YG Great work boot! My hubby needed a really good pair of work boots with steel toe and longer top as he is a welder.  He normally gets slip on but wanted a heavier, safer boot.  He liked these when he saw them and they are rated as 5 star by Timberland.  We had originally ordered them from a company for $189 but after 30 days, a LOT of bs and lame explanations, we cancelled the order and got our money back.  I saw them on Amazon for $209 and free shipping.  SOLD!  They arrived in less than 10 days.  My hubby wore them over a weekend to break them in and he LOVES them!  The only problem was a &#34;rub&#34; on the inside of the boot tongue of one boot but after a couple of weeks, it worked itself out.  The men at work liked the look of the boot and a couple have purchased these boots also!  Great construction and safety features.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND these to ANY working man or woman who works long hours on their feet and needs the protection from hot welding metal!
B0029XG5YG Best Work Boot I've ever owned! The Design crew, that came up with this Boot should all be given raises, and awards for saving working men's feet and legs from damage and trench foot.  I have already used this boot working in 9&#34; of mud, thanks to the high shank of the boot my pants were left untouched, and my feet stayed dry.  The boot has a Meta-tarsal protector on top, that does not cause pain or crushing to the top of the foot as some manufacturers boots have done to me. The steel toes are so solid that it can take a pounding from a sledge hammer while protecting your toes and still remain useful.  If your a working man, and you work in a high risk environment where the possibility of having your feet mangled by heavy steel, or rocks. If you work in a high water area, deep snow, mud avalanches, or mud slides then this is the boot you want they'll be working to protect your feet so you can focus on doing your job.  This is an excellent Safety Boot, the 14&#34; height really comes in handy, and they are more comfortable than my sneakers.
B0029XG5YG Comfy and look great I bought these for the protective qualities and put them to use while clearing some trees and underbrush, and the internal metguard has been invaluable. The support is excellent and can't be beat by a shorter boot. Like another reviewer said, they are very comfortable, and despite the appearance of a heavy duty boot they are surprisingly lightweight. Only a few hours were required for them to feel broken in, and I've never felt rushed to take them off. The product photos don't show a narrow but highly reflective strip around the foot that really lights up with minimal light.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these to anyone, even if you're looking for a general purpose work boot. And with all of the compliments I've received, their chunky style gets them noticed and seems to be very popular. They do look very cool -- especially with jeans but even with boot-cut chinos.Definitely another home run for Timberland!
B002ACPO0W good boot A great boot.  I have worn other Timberland boots before and they were about a half size too big.  Not so with these. They fit well and they are very comfortable.  The smartwool is cool and comfortable.  I recommend these to anyone needing a new pair of boots.
B002ASAJPG quality boot Nice boot for the price. Fit like any other size 13. Very comfortable sole. Good traction on outer sole indoors and out.
B002ASAJPG Great Boot I consider these to be great boots.  I've also got a few guys on site addicted to them as well.  I work construction, so I'm on concrete, gravel, rebar, mud, sand, and ladders all day, everyday.  I'm still wearing the ones I purchased 17SEP11.  Usually boots last me 9-12 months.  I weigh 165, and if you look at the caption of the back of the boot, I'm just getting to the low orange stripe on the sole of the boot.  The insole is still very comfortable.Some of the fellas on site with back trouble, have said that they feel a noticeable ease in back pain.  I used to wear Dr. Scholl's Memory Fit Work Customizing Insoles in addition to the insoles that come with other boots, but I just use these with the supplied Timberland insole only.The boot is ugly now, but just as waterproof and all over comfortable as they were on day one.I purchased a second boot, because you should always keep one in the chamber; but it is still in the box waiting to be put to the test.  I expect this boot should last me possible two more months.  The sole is wearing pretty evenly, so it is not causing me to walk lop sided, pronated, nor supernated.It is my opinion that this is an excellent boot.  It is more comforatable than Dr. Maarten, of which I was a huge fan until they changed the shape of their lace to toe boot.I'll end my rambling with pointing out that I find these boots to be sized small.  I wear size 11 (European 43) with all other shoes and boots, but wear a 12 in these.I'm buying another pair for another workmate this instant.I am not a Timberland employee or representative.I am Milo Ruiz, and I approve this boot.
B002ASAJPG Great boot but looks are deceiving Boot fits great but every sock I have tried to wear is pulled down into the boot, you can't get comfortable with your socks pulled down. They should sell a proper sock with this boot otherwise they can keep it
B002ASAJPG Just one issue the left boot has a buckle in the lather between the first and second set of eyelets. it just looks different. Great boot!
B002ASAJPG it's an amazing boot The boot is very high in quality and professional made.I will recommend the boot to others.And the price is great too!
B002ASAKN2 Good boot. But heavy. You can't have it all I guess. They are a good boot. But heavy. Definitley worth It. I tried the boots on in sears. I  picked the size that fit the best. But when I got them from amazon they were a little tight. It might have been because In Sears people have been trying them on. So they were probably broken in. Overall good boot. I will purchase again.
B002ASAKN2 my right boot is more comfortable then the left one This work boot will keep your feet dry, and protect them from the elements on a construction site. The reason why I only gave them 2 stars is because they could be more comfortable. By the end of the day my feel are throbbing. I have found that my right boot is more comfortable then the left one. I don't know why.
B002ASAKN2 Definitely a workers boot! I have worn the boot for 5 days now. The boot is still a little stiff, but that would be expected from a brand new boot.Very sturdy!Warm, yet not hot that my feet sweat.I am creating a callus on the back of one of my feet. But that could be because it has been a while since I had tall boots.The reason for the 4 stars is the callus and the stiffness of the boot.Besides that it has really been a wonderful boot!
B002ASAKN2 Love this boot The boot is everything it should be, warm, comfortable and waterproof. scuff resistant toes have held up as expected. Timberland needs to keep this one in production for a long time.
B002ASAKN2 So far, so good I was surprised by the overall weight of the boot but for climbing around attics and or job sites I do feel as though they are great boot  ,especially if you need a puncture resistant boot for your job.
B002ASAKN2 Great boot I am in the 4 corners area building a home and this boot has been great with the endless sand and occasional rain/hail that comes my way.I would definitely buy it again!
B002ASAKN2 Good boot Good boot, very durable boot but very very heavy boot.  Overall satisfied with boot but can lose a few pounds on the boot.
B002CVUQZ4 Field Boot since day one. In my opinion the Timberland Field Boot is the most comfortable boot I've owned I would recommend these to others.
B002CVUSY8 great boot this has it all--waterproof and stylish . . . .timberland fits a touchlarger than other brands, so normally an 11 1/2, but I ordered and 11 and it fits great.
B002CVUSY8 Choose your fit carefully Nice boot, length is good but the wide fit is a big boot in all other respects, check your fit.
B002CVUSY8 Outstanding.. I got these boots at another seller. Sorry Amazon I had a gift card. Be aware that there is an updated version of this boot. The update features a all rubber heel, and you actually don't need the use the pull on straps to get them on. They break in very fast. Just bend the toe section up towards the ankle several times if they seem tight to you. This won't hurt them a single bit! All in all a very good classic boot originally designed during Victorian times. I also have the Torrent Chelsea, both are great boots,the Torrents are cheaper but they are also a great boot. The Mount Washington Chelsea's are 9 and a half regular fit and they fit me just fine and I wear the good old white cotton socks. Get em it's a great boot as long you fancy this style. I personally do, so three cheers for these !!
B002CVUSY8 Great Boot! Fits as expected and is a great looking boot. I would recommend this boots to a friend, they are very comfortable.
B002KLI1AI AN OK BOOT Bought these boots thinking they would be good for the terrain here in Afghanistan but I thought wrong.  I need a more rugged boot and something warmer for the coming winter.
B002MAS1O8 Longing for the original I purchased a pair of roll top Timberland boots two years ago and the product has changed.  Originally the roll top portion of the boot although not rigid was of the same material and color as the bottom portion of the boot.  The new boot has an upper portion that's lighter in color and it's made of a different material.  Also the upper portion of the boot  doesn't give much support and it takes a little getting use to.  I am wearing the boots for style and not for work and it is not a deal breaker for me.  Otherwise the boots are fine.
B002QVGQQS Great boot! Perfect boot for jeans and a button up. Fashionable and comfy. They are a nice soft leather that doesn't irritate your feet.
B002QVGQQS Stylish Comfort The Baluster chukka boot by Timberland functions, beautifully. They're quite comfortable and keep your feet dry but don't look like the stereotypical boot, Timberland or otherwise, which I happen to prefer. The sleek, crafted look of the boot looks great for daily footwear, and they're moderately waterproof, able to handle average city rainfall. All in all, they look and feel great, and will have you covered in case it rains on your way home after a long day.
B002QVGQQS Great Boot and It is exactly what I wanted. Thanks Wonderful Boot - my son had seen these and was hopeful to get a pair this Holiday season.Thank you
B002QVGQQS Dissapointed In This Boot I've purchased numerous boots from Timberland, but loathe this one. I could tell prior to purchasing that there is stitching on the boot, but it's on every area of the boot, and it's way too prominent and visible for my taste. Secondly, the boot feels clunky. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly (to me), my jeans and other casual pants get caught on the loop-like piece of leather that protrudes from the heel of the shoe. It contributes to a unkempt look, which is something I don't want, even when I'm hard at work.In the interest of full disclosure, I did not buy the boot from anyone on Amazon. I bought it directly from Timberland, so this is no reflection on Amazon sellers. But I have to say I dislike(d) the boot so much I felt compelled to review it here, and I even contacted Timberland to tell them how dissapointed i was in it.
B002QVGQQS Happy customers My husband is very pleased with the fit, comfort and style of this boot. I typically do not like the footwear he selects, although I am a huge fan of this boot!
B002YOMJPY Ave boot tongue of boot not good the lace system is not what it could be puts pressure on top if foot and ankle feels loose! I am waiting to c if waterproof works
B002YOMJPY NICE BOOT FOR THE PRICE I NORMALLY WEAR A SIZE 7 REG WIDTH IN SHOES/BOOTS, BUT BASED ON OTHER REVIEWS, I CHOSE A HALF SIZE UP AND THE WIDE WIDTH AND FOUND THE FIT TO BE SPOT ON!  I haven't worn them yet, but boot is light weight, well-stitched & a decent looking boot.  Hopefully, they'll live up to their waterproof status.
B002YOMJPY Very Comfortable If you are looking for a comfortable and rugged boot, this is the boot for you!!!  They are very light, but feel secure.
B002YOMJPY Very impressed Got these for work and am very impressed.  Thought they would be a great winter boot but with the comfort and style i believe these will be a good year round item.
B002YOMJPY First pair of Tims I needed a waterproof boot that was durable but comfy.  so far so good. they are light and feel more like a sneaker than a boot.  After a few months is when I'll see if it was worth it.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's Boot I purchased the Timberland waterproof boot for outside work. They appear to be constructed well and are very comfortable. I was concerned about getting the right shoe size, but the fit was perfect. I recommed these boots.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot Black I have another pair of Tim's almost just like the White Ledge.They are about 8-9 years old and they are a lot warmer alot.If these boot was just as warm they would be a 5 and the leatheris very very soft not good for long lasting. I have seen this over andover witrh boot'sDanny S
B002YOMJPY Nice boot at decent price Bought for a friend of the family as a work boot.  Says they fit very well and are very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Great overall boot! Have owned these before great overall boot have use for hiking and work I have put them to the test they can take a beating.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot Bought for my grandson...he says he's never had a better fitting boot.  He says they fit perfectly, and are comfortable.
B002YOMJPY great choice for first time boot owner Great boot. Wasn't sure what I was expecting buying shoes off of Amazon but these turned out great. Everything fit well and the only gripe I had was that the first time wearing them they were abrasive to the back of my ankles. But that was my fault anyway for not wearing high enough socks. They're standing up quite well and if I ever need another pair, I know exactly where to go.
B002YOMJPY Great hiking boot Friends recommended this boot to me, and they were right! My son and I both bought a pair and couldn't be more pleased. I hiked 2 miles with them right out of the box - very comfortable, no break-in was needed. Love them!!
B002YOMJPY Nice fit out of the box Fit well out of the box not a over stiff boot - I added a  footbed and the fit was increased. Seems to be a good boot for theprice.
B002YOMJPY I like this boot! This boot looks great!! and is very comfortable too! I will recommend it. Is a good business to buy it.
B002YOMJPY nice boot very comfortable and light weight. The boot quality is ok for me but not high quality. expect a little more better.
B002YOMJPY GREAT VALUE! The boot fits good it`s way more comfortable then I expected, I drive a rig for a living good driving boot.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot The Timberland White Ledge Boot is the only one I will buy now. I bought other timberland style ankle boots and this one is by far the best. Rugged, comfortable from Day 1. I've worn this pair everyday for a month now and no problems. A pair usually lasts me a year. I switch out as in the winter I wear boots for hiking along with the Timberland for short jaunts. Great boot for the price.  I highly recommend.
B002YOMJPY cheeply made the leather seems to be thin and damages very easy... this is not a work boot I would not buy this boot agian
B002YOMJPY timberland waterproof boots Excellent fit.  Extremely comfortable for a brand new boot.  I would recommend this boot for work and or play.  I am very pleased with this purchase
B002YOMJPY Really a nice boot Wow, what a great boot. I really like them. I have worn them 10-12 hours every day since I got the 4 days ago. Love the boot. We just had a terrific ice storm the last couple of days , and these boot along with a good wool hiking sock made me not want to take them off even to sleep. ha. Really the fit is perfect. The feel is better than the best tennis shoe with terrific support. So glad I bought them , the mid ankle boot is great.
B002YOMJPY good boot this is a good boot for doing outdoor work that requires a lot of walking. they offer great support for several monthes
B002YOMJPY Great boot I love the boot and it is very comfortable. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the top part of the boot that is a pain to lace every day. But, I knew that when I bought it so that is just a personal gripe. But it is a great boot if you can get past that.
B002YOMJPY Wonderful! These boots are amazing!  They are both comfortable and durable.  The outside leather feels very soft to the touch, but make no mistake...these boots WILL protect your feet.  First day I wore them I had an 800 pound machine fall on the toe of my left boot.  The boot slowed the machine down for me to yank my foot out from underneath it.  Very little permanent damage to the boot.Well worth the money(honestly, probably worth a lot more)!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Boot I walk to work, so a comfortable shoe was a must. The Timberland boot has always been comfortable, but I wore the last pair out. I would definitely recommend these boots.
B002YOMJPY Great boot for the winter The boot is not well insulated, but it fits well, it is great in the snow and doesnt slip on the ice. I just need to wear warm socks. The boot is fine in the wet weather and seems to be very waterproof and so far is holding up great!
B002YOMJPY Great boot I am very please with this boot. It is very comfortable and warm on my feet. Get a pair for yourself and you feel the quality also
B002YOMJPY Great Winter boot/lightweight but toasty! Great Boot works with snow or rain! Lightweight & looks good - amazing price (best out there) Comfy all round boot
B002YOMJPY Very comfortable and well made boot! The boot features a unique mesh connection between the upper and lower leather ankle bend. This  provides for additional comfort while walking.
B002YOMJPY Great boot, but doesn't shine up too easily I purchased this boot for work and have been shining it up each week.  I still haven't been able to get a mirror finish shine on it yet but know I will; sometimes it just takes more time with some boots.  The boot fits great and goes on very easy and offers great support to my feet.  I love the fit and feel of the boot.  I use Bates Feather Lite quarter boot, and while I like that boot a lot (I have gone through 4 pairs of them in 3 years) I like this boot even more.  I plan on making this my new work boot as long as it holds up for at least 8 to 10 months and continues to be able to shine up during that time.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot!! I ordered this boot to replace a pair of Timberland's that I have worn for several years.  I was somewhat concerned that after all the years I would not be able to find a boot that would be even close to the boot I was replacing in both comfort and style.  This boot exceeded my expectations and I could not be happier.  By the way, the price was much less than many of the others I looked at with the same style and quality.  Keep up the good work Timberland!!.
B002YOMJPY Timberland is the boot Made a good choice buying these model of boot. Very comfortable and looks like it will last forever. I recomend to all.
B002YOMJPY Great boot, definitely worth the money. Great boot! I'll be buying more of these, they fit better than any other shoe/boot I've owned. Especially for the price.
B002YOMJPY Timberland mens white ledge waterproof ankle boot, black my dear friend enjoyed the fit and comfort of the boot. excellent wear for the type of work he does. will be ordering in the near future.
B002YOMJPY Great boot This is my first time wore a boot, and surprisingly I liked it.the weight of the boot was acceptable, since at the first look when it was arrived, I think that this boot will be heavier as it looks, but I am wrong.Since I never bought any boot before, I can not provide any comparison. The one of reason why I need this boot is because of winter, and I found that the boot is waterproof and warm, and that is perfect for me.One thing that I found annoying was the size of the boot, that somehow a bit larger than my other shoes with the same size. Other than that, this boot is great.
B002YOMJPY Versatile Boot This boot is a great value and versatile. If you are looking for a winter boot that looks good and is appropriate for a casual weekend or a more rugged hike, this will do. My son stepped in icy puddles and deep snow and the boots stayed waterproof, warm and dry. Quality construction. I am pleased with this purchase.
B002YOMJPY Big man Good fit boot and a good work boot nice color very comfortable will purchase more later on down the line
B002YOMJPY great boot!! Other than the boot fitting big for it's size, it has been the most comfortable boot ever. As a police officer, I do a LOT of walking and standing and the cushioning in the heels is outstanding!! Worth the price!
B002YOMJPY Love this boot I had had a pair of Columbia for years. They eventually fell apart.  This boot is all leather and is probably the most comfortable boot/shoe that I have put on.  There are no pressure points that is an issue with some boots.  I ordered 1/2 size larger to accommodate for thicker/extra pair of socks.  They fit perfectly.  Great boot...Highly recommended !!!
B0031EJVU2 Awesome Boot This boot was a gift for my BFF and he loved the color and the fit of this boot, I figured it would be a great surprise for the holidays and it was he smile was priceless
B0034G54BM Gorgeous color and well made. Sadly a bit narrow even with a thin sock.  I tried to follow the other reviews but this was the last size in Burgundy. 7.5 is my usual.  Trying a half size up in another color.  Wides seem to be limited in availability and more expensive through some online stores. Hoping to find the winter boot of my dreams in a size 8. They'll be the perfect boot for all occasions, particularly if one's walking.  They do slouch more than pictured, in the shaft.  But, I think the relaxed fit lends itself to the typical riding boot loose fit around the calf.  From farmer's market boot to work boot to date night in the park boot!
B0034G54BM sloppy and slouchy boot the boot looks cute...except it's so slouchy it just falls down!  The sole looks like something off a hiking boot..which isnt bad...its just a boot that will look better with jeans than skirts.  The leather was not lined, so it felt cheap and I'm guessing would be cold in the winter.  Also the boot ran huge!  My heel completely came out the back...and the calf was enormous and I dont have small calves.  Had to return the boots.
B0034G54BM Awesome boot Great quality, great price. The sizing was ok, maybe just a bit narrow. The only negative is that the top of the boot frayed my leggings
B0034G54BM Didn't like the "suede" center of the boot THe center portion of the boot was described as suede and it wasn't.  I don't know what material it was but it was a rough, gritty kind of material.  I didn't like it at all and returned the boots.  The boots were comfortable and fit well.
B0034G54BM Great Boot! Comfortable boot.  Went up 1/2 size (based on other reviews) to accommodate heavier socks for winter wear.  Arrived as expected. Walked many miles on the first day of wearing with no break in period needed.  Good with jeans and leggings!
B0034G54BM Timberland Women's 20668 Earthkeepers Bethel Knee-High Boot,Black,10 M US It's okay but the top was to small so it can't zipped probably but if the top was a little big the boot would fit perfectly fine .
B0034G54BM OK boot Bought this boot to wear to work (I'm an interior designer).  Needed something I can "dress up" in and still be functional in a construction site.  Like the rugged sole and the two different finishes of leather on shaft, but the foot needs some work.  Dopey shape (particularly around toe) and very tight / stiff around the heel and toe joint where foot flexes.  I would have been happier with bit more styling / shaping to the foots exterior profile and attention to comfort / cushion on interior, but overall a good boot for the price.  Labeled a "knee high" boot, which it may be for most.  At 5'9, it reaches to about 3" below the bottom of my knee.  Might try the old cowboy trick of standing in warm water with boots on then wearing them till they dry to shape it to my foot!
B0034G54BM amazing boot I bought these for my wife last  xmas and bought the wide. At first they were tight but quickly loosened up to make her comfortable. Now she says that they feel better than even her tennis shoes and give her great support. Not only are they the greatest boot she's ever had now she won't take them off.
B0034G54BM Looking for something a little trendier! The boot was comfortable, but was just not that cute trendy look I was after.  If you are looking for function it would still be a good boot.
B0034G54BM Boots run big! Beautiful well built boot. I wear an 8.5 and I ordered an 8. There is plenty of room to spare. Almost like a rain boot fit. I was slightly disappointed with the quality of the leather on the top, but for the price this is a. Super sturdy boot that will last way longer than some leatherette look alike.
B0034G54BM Get what you pay for This boot is just okay. The leather is an odd waxy sort and though sturdy, I'm disappointed that it looks grey instead of true black. it scuffs easily. I needed a lug sole boot and had a really hard time finding decent looking one that wasn't a fortune. This was a compromise. I am glad Timberland is doing eco-packaging. So much waste goes into shoe/boot packaging. I was able to recycle everything.
B0034G54BM Great Boot! If you are looking for a comfortable, go with anything boot, this is your boot.  I wear either an 8 or 8.5 and the 8.5 fits me perfectly!
B0034G54BM Great kickers Great tread on such a stylish boot. That's something that is not common. I love the boot but the only problem I have is the placement of the zipper. Since it's on the inside, it catches on the other boot when walking. Other than that, having the ability to expand the calf was awesome since I have a little thicker calf. Definitely a boot to have.
B0034G54BM Not the boot I thought I ordered The boot is adjustable in the calf and ankle and I ordered a wide which is comfortable in the foot.I liked the vibram sole for grip since I live in the Mountains.The boot is unlined and the top is sueded leather which does not retain a stiff shaft.I ordered it to replace a warm snow boot which this boot does not do.It is not the boot I thought I ordered.  The description does not exist in the &#34;details&#34;.I am returning the boots.
B0034G54BM Poor quality I bought this boot in black with the intention of replacing my leather equestrian boots which I've been using for both riding and casual wear.Much to my disappointment, the quality of these boots (leather, suede and lining parts) were in my opinion, lower than the cheap leather boots bought on asos.com, much less to the name Timberland.However, not to blame entirely on the make, the downgrade of quality could be due to Timberland's adherence to having 50% of the boot made of recycled materials.The suede body of the boot also compensates on the smartness you would otherwise get from a full leather boot.
B0034G54BM High-Quality Boot These boots are typical high-quality Timberland products. The only issue my wife had was the boot shaft about half-way down was a bit tight on her legs. The foot size and the top of the boot were sized correctly. You may want to try on different Timberland boots at a store first, before ordering over the internet.
B0034G54BM ROOMY I BOUGHT THESE BOOTS ABOUT 2 MONTHS AGO THEY'RE COMFORTABLE,WARM AND THE SIZE I CAN SAY FOR ME WORKS.I WEAR A SIZE 8 IN A BOOT,HOWEVER I HAVE TO WEAR A SIZE 9 IN THIS BOOT BECAUSE I HAVE TO HAVE SURGERY ON MY BIG TOE,NO I'M NOT A DIABETIC BUT I CAN WEAR THIS BOOT AND BE COMFORTABLE WHEN I WALK MY DOG.IF YOUR LEGS ARE BIG YOU CAN LET IT OUT A NOTCH I GIVE THESE BOOTS A #1.HERE IN DETROIT YOU NEED A GOOD BOOT IF YOU DO ANY WALKING,THE SIDEWALKS ARE SIDE WAYS.BLESS YOU TIMBERLAND AND THANK-YOU AMAZON.  PAMALA ANDERSON
B0034G54BM Boot looks beautiful but was too baggy The boot might work for some people.  It is beautiful to look at, more elegant than the Lexiss boot with finer leather ( I kept the Lexiss because the fit was ideal). I have slender legs (a 13 inch calf), and this boot just looked too baggy on me, even when I tucked my pants into it.  However, it might fit a person with medium or more sturdy legs well, and should look great because of the beautiful design and leather. The foot itself has good support, as the Lexiss does, so that you should be able to walk all day in this boot, as I do in the Lexiss.
B0034G558E Womens Timberland mid calf boot These.boots are very cute. Love the styling and the boot height. My only reason for 4 stars is it is not a comfortable to stand in boot for any length of time. We had to wait for a little over an hour at restaurant and my feet became very uncomfortable. Overall a great looking boot, just could have been made with a better soul.
B0034G558E Timberland boots This boot wraps your feet in a soft yet secure cushion. Tops on my list for comfort. They are true to size, very stylish, and a great looking boot.  I've worn a pair of Timberland boots similar to these for about 8 years and though they are well worn, they are still comfortable. Timberland makes an excellent boot; well worth the price. I'm very pleased that I found these on Amazon - got a better price than on Timberland web site.
B0034G558E Don't Love For some reason, the tongue of this boot, which is made of a floppy material, is not attached to the boot except at its base. You can probably see that there are two types of leather on the boot. The oiled leather is just not what I was looking for. I have another pair of tall Timberlands that don't have laces and the width is perfect. With the lace construction of these, the seams that are near the ball of the foot rubbed and were not comfortable. I am returning.
B0034G558E Beautiful Boot, but&#8230;. This is a beautiful boot but I did not like the 2 variations of leather.  I also didn't like the tongue of the boot.  Very flimsy.  Fit was good, the adjustability of the buckle and laces is a nice touch for those who need more or less room.  Sadly, I returned.
B0034G558E Timberlands Bethel Buckle Boot These Boots are FANTASTIC!! if this is your style ? don't hesitate to buy them the Craftsmanship is XLNT! and a vintage look you won't find in any other Boot, or with any other brand.
B0034G558E great boot Wonderful boot but fits 1/2 size to small but I broke them in. I love my boot and so does everybody else
B0034G558E ... a little large the fit on this boot is great love the look I purchased this boot some where else and the fit was a little large the fit on this boot is great love the look
B0034G558E First pair of Timberlands, not the last I'm pretty happy with this boot.  I ordered this boot and the Ariat Iona boot, which is a couple inches taller.  I was looking for a boot that looked a little tough, yet feminine.  And these were the ones I kept.  The Ariats look similar, but they're very different quality.  While the Ariats had a much better quality leather lining, compared to the synthetic lining in the Timberlands, these Timberlands had a much thicker and softer sole.  I think because I'm used to wearing a bit of heel, when I first tried on the Timberlands they pinched the top of my foot, which concerned me.  The Ariats definitely had more foot space, but they also look more like a work boot.  The tighter fit of the Timberlands give it a slightly more feminine shape.  After walking around the house in them for an hour, they got really comfy.  Now I really enjoy wearing them.
B0034G558E Fantastic Boots!!! I absolutely love these boot.  I have had many people stop me to ask where I got them.  The color is amazing just like the photo. Lots of reviewers wrote about the width....  I have never worn a wide shoe so I went with the medium width.  They were snug as others said but they really loosened up nicely after even 1 wear.  If I had bought the wide they would probably be too loose after breaking them in.  I wear a 5 1/2 in some shoes but have to go up to a 6 in tennis shoes and boots.  The 6 was a perfect fit.  Also, I am 5' 4&#34; and the boot comes up to mid calf.  Because of the lacing you can wear them over jeans or under.  Totally awesome boots! Oh and make sure you reach down into the boot and pull out a thin cardboard form in the toe of the boot.  After reading all if the reviews about how stiff and tight the boots were I didn't realize the form was still in the boot when I wore them. Lol. So silly but it is hard to see that it is down in the boot.  I plan to buy a second pair.
B0034G558E Perfect Stylish workboot This is an all genuine leather boot with different textures of leather. Very well made. I wanted this boot because I saw it had a sturdy, gripping sole. The inside support is excellent for my arches. Timberland makes good boots. I won't have to worry about the sole of this boot separating due to the rain. It makes my size nine foot look samaller.
B0034G558E So Comfy and Rugged I am a die hard Timb fan and these boots are no exception. They are incredibly comfy. W a hard boot, sueded sides, leather on top. The bottom is non slip. Side zip so you don't have to mess w the laces. One of my boots always comes unlaced. My only complaint is that I wish the tongue were a little more firm. It is very floppy and needs to be held in place while zipping the boot. Not a very big deal, though. The boot is very stylish and has stood up very well to the rain. I have not been out in the snow yet.  I've worn them for hours and my feet felt great.
B0034G558E Nice, fashionable,casual boots Really, really like this boot.  Looks good, feels good and I can't wait to sport it more with more of my wardrobe.  This is yet another Timberland women's boot that I get complements on.
B0034G558E not as advertised This boot is very nice but i am only giving it 3 stars because i thought it was going to be up to the knee as advertised but its a mid-calf boot which is not what i was looking for. Had to return. But if you are looking for a mid-calf boot these are very comfortable and pretty. Do get a half size larger with all Timberlands.
B0034G558E Great looking shoe and comfortable 'to boot' I wasn't too sure how comfortable this boot would feel but decided to order it and give it a try.  I am very pleased with the looks and feel of this boot.  I wear it with jeans, skirts and leggings.  It has a rugged look but can be worn with just about anything.
B0034G55QG Very comfortable boots I bought this pair of boot for my Canada trip in winter. I am 5 ft 1", and this mid boot is just right for my height and it's also true to my usual size 7.5. I did a lot of walking in Canada during the harsh winter, I have no problem with this shoes at all. The outer rubber sole has rugged patterns, it gives me good grip in those frozen slippery walkways. The leather at the lower end of the boot is easy to clean with leather polish. Overall, I am quite happy with my purchase, not only it's made of environment friendly material, but it's also a very comfortable pair of boot.
B0034G55QG Bethel Timberland Womens Boots size 8.5 I have bought 3 other pairs of Timberland boots size 8.5.Medium. All had side zippers and wonderful fits. The Bethel boot has no zipper and I could not get my foot past the rough part where the top meets the boot. Very attractive boot but I can't get into it.Had to return it reluctantly.
B0034G5KAC Timberland Women's 23699 Earthkeepers Bethel Boot,Brown ,9 M US Nice boot and very fashionable. I really like the adjustable tab on the side. However, the suede isn't as smooth as I expected. If you have narrow feet, I would consider a half size smaller as the boot will stretch because it's leather.
B0034G5KAC Another great Timberland boot I am a Timberland fan and this boot did not disappoint.  The toe box was a bit narrower than previous boots but I am sure continuous wear will stretch it out a bit.
B0034G5KAC Very comfortable boot This is a very comfortable boot, and is a great dark brown.  The lug sole makes it quiet and not slippery when walking.  I really like the look of the boot, and the combination of leather and suede is a little different and nice.  The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is that I feel like the leather on the foot of the boot scratches pretty easily.  It doesn't show too much, but I'm not particularly hard on boots and these already have a few scratches.  Overall, great boot!
B0034G5KAC great boot i am really happy with this boot. bought in 2 colors! like how strap at top allows for some expansion.
B0034G5KAC Great quality, nice looking, but kind of baggy. :( I really love many aspects of these boots.  They are comfortable, well made, have a great color, and seem like they would last for many seasons.  I'm going to return them, though, because I find the shaft of the boot baggy.  I guess that makes sense since it's suede and not all (rigid) leather.  At this price point, I'm looking for a boot that checks all the boxes.  For me, this boot was *this close*, but the fit was a deal breaker. :(
B0034G5KAC Nice boot for the money This is a very attractive boot that runs fairly true to size (perhaps a little wide/large). The suede portion of the uppers is not lined so it is prone to sagging and flopping if not worn with enough sock or pant to help fill it out. The circumference around the top of the boot is pretty big but not as large as many so a thin calved person can wear this without looking completely ridiculous.  The color is rich. The sole is robust and good for walking through snow and ice covered parking lots and sidewalks. Hoping the upkeep on the suede portion is not too brutal.
B0034XS48K New boot goofin'! my First Boot I recently moved out of Florida to North Carolina was in need for a good boot to keep my feet warm and dry. First of all great job Amazon, they shipped it in two days with the free standard shipping! which is estimated 3 to 5 days.. I did my research and ordered the chukka a half size smaller than what I wear in running shoes or casual shoes. This fit right out of the box a very comfortable shoe with good arch support and snug fit. It is much more comfortable than I imagined it would be. I recommend it to anyone looking for a look in between casual and business. I can defiantly wear this out with jeans or with slacks at a semi-casual business meeting. The boot seems very solid and made well so I hope to take care of it and get at least a decade of use out of it.  btw it is a darker brown than shown in the amazon pic. May be the lighting or the leather? I prefer the darker brown so no big deal for me. The only thing is that the leather seems to scratch easy. I would like it to last long I guess I may have to condition or re-oil the leather in the near future...
B0038JCZ9Y For the price, a good, simple boot A nice, equestrienne-style boot with attractive stamped decoration at the top.  The leather is of a good quality and thick/durable.  The heel is low (1"), which makes them comfy to wear.A couple of notes:  the 8-1/2 size runs somewhat small for a boot and they are narrow (maybe an A-width).  The sizing seems about right for a dress shoe, but not for a boot because you'd wear a thicker sock.  The arch is pronounced, which could be a problem if you have low arches.The widest part of the calf area is fairly narrow (my calves are ~14" diam, and these were snug, but the ankle area is way roomy - there's no tapering down to the foot part.Despite these small drawbacks, it's a great boot for the price!
B003A67X5G comfortable out of the box No break in needed. Conforms to size. Let me know when you get brown ones. Looks more like a dress boot. than a work boot.
B003A67X5G Nice Excellent boot, i wear these boots all day on my job. It feels like you walking on soft pillows lol, i recommend this boot.
B003A6J1NS amazon vendor this was a really nice pair of boot's . they were as described  . the price was really cheap for this boot
B003A6J1NS GREAT BOOT/I ALWAYS BUY THIS BRAND!! GREAT BOOT! LOOKS SHARP, FITS GOOD-VERY COMFORTABLE AND NOT TO HEAVY... VERY DURABLE!I have bought this same boot for the last 4 years!!
B003AZZJYY Very good boot for the money. Bought this boot last week. I have a 13 wide foot and they had my size. Took about three time wearing them to brake in. Very lite and comfortable.
B003AZZJYY Boot sizing problem, to narrow. Good boot, but it has a sizing problem. I have never had to order a shoe wider than normal width; however, the sizing on this boot seems to be off, to narrow. I normally wear a size 9.5 but I ordered a size 10 to have a little extra room based on the comments on the web on this boot.  I should have ordered a 10W. Because of the sizing problem with this boot, I am using a shoe stretcher to make the shoe a little wider.  If it does not work out I will have to send the boot back.
B003AZZJYY The Indiana Jones boot on a budget Look , this is a no nonsense boot at a great price... solidly built, and no break-in period, they are just great, OK.
B003AZZJYY Almost perfect This is a great looking boot that is light in overall weight and well designed for a mobile, urban wearer.  The sole is more akin to that of a sneaker - it's both light and flexible, with a low profile unlike heavy tread work boots.  A big plus if you like to walk and don't want to feel like you're wearing ankle weights.  The upper is a well designed moc toe with solid brass rivets, heavy gauge stitching, and a nice oiled leather look.The downside (and reason for only 4 stars) is the gore-tex inner lining makes the boot fit snugly, and even after a month of "breaking in the leather" boot,the fit still isn't quite right.  I find myself wearing thin socks (definitely not thick, athletic ones) to make the wear better.  Definitely wish I would have ordered the wide size.  I like the added dryness gore-tex provides, but as I'm not going to use the shoe in the deep tundra, I'd have preferred a better fit over warmness.That said, it's still a great boot that I wear often.  Looks of a boot and wear of a sneaker.  With a better fit, this would be perfect urban boot.
B003BLP2NA Nice boot, but not designed for toddlers I purchased these boots for my 18 month old in size 4 M US Toddlers. I ordered a larger size than she is to accommodate a random growth spurt, or at very least, a thick winter sock. The boot itself came up almost to her knees (she's at 50% for height), her calves where pushed to above the boot, making just below her knee look like a muffin top (she's at 25% for weight, she's not fat); there is also ZERO stretch in the shaft of the boot, so it took 2 adults to manipulate her foot and leg into the boot. After 15 minutes of struggling, 1 boot was on and 1 toddler was VERY unhappy. Once both boots were on, she walked in them fine and they seemed to keep her feet very warm and dry. I really liked the waterproof feature and the fact that it is rated for -25, both very much needed for the harsh climate we live in (we average 278 days annually with freezing temperatures and around 150"+ of snowfall). I can see how these boots would be fantastic for older children, but for little little ones, it is VERY difficult to get the foot and ankle through the shaft of the boot, even with a perfectly still child. Sadly we are returning these in favor of a boot that features a side zipper and is also waterproof. Thankfully the return process on Amazon has never caused me bother before. (knock on wood)Measurements:(For 4M US Toddler)Height from inside foot bed to top of shaft:  ~5" in back, ~5.5" in frontInside diameter of shaft at widest point: ~7" .... At smallest point: ~5.5"Pros:WaterproofRated -25 degreesCute styling; great for boys and girlsThick and varied tread for excellent tractionReasonably lightweightAppropriate size and GREEN packaging :)Cons:No side zipperNo stretch in boot shaftLaces EXTRA long (which could be a pro considering how you look at it)Hope this helps!
B003BLPA00 Great boot! Foot Locker wanted $80 for this boot!  Shame!  Shame!  Shame!  It is a great boot.  My son loves them.  He insisted on wearing them even when the temperature warmed up and there was no need to wear a boot.  They kept his feet warm and dry and they look really cool on his feet.
B003ELOYEA ultimate winter boot this boot has it all....cozy fleece ALL over, totally waterproof, and nice rubber traction for snow.  very comfortable and good looking.  i have super big calves and can't usually wear high boots, but these are easily adjustable.  definitely not to be worn under pants, as they are thick and lumpy looking.  i do suggest going up a half size due to all the fleece, and also i never considered myself a wide foot, but i did have to return the B(m) for a c/d width.  should last forever, and are stylish to boot.
B003ELOYEA Great boot If you are looking for stylish, warm and comfortable boot you are looking at the right one. The only problem I see with them is since my calf is bigger and I needed the boot for both city and mountain there is no lining between the tongue and the boot so I was not sure I will not get the snow inside. Also I am 6'-0" tall so these boots for me are middle calf and that is not flattering. So I returned them and decided to go with something else. If you are not tall and you don't have the wide calf get them.
B003ELOZSU Timberland Mt  Holly Lace Up Boot This boot is eye-catching and very very comfortable.  I ordered in two additioanl colors as I plan to make these boots my "go to" boots.  Timberland knows how to produce a wearable, light-weight stylish boot for all everyday occasions.
B003ELOZSU Timberland Boot The Timberland Earthkeepers Holly Mount Boot is excellent, it looks great and is very comfortable.Whilst I get the opportunity I would also like to say how helpful and efficient Amazon were in getting these to me.A very happy person.
B003ELOZSU Love them Love the boot. Had to order up a half size cause there was a $50.00 difference in price, so i just wear 2 pair of socks to fill the gap. The boot itself fits nicely - although i have to sort of strangle the boot when I lace them up in order to have them hug my calves right. but, they're great in the snow, and I've received a bunch of compliments on them each time i wear them. SUPER duper warm -- too warm, almost -- but if you're looking for a great snow boot/bad weather boot... this is it.  My only complaint is that they do appear to be slightly 'dirty' when you first receive them, but this is just the color/texture of the rubber on the top of the boot. The 'dirty' look sort of contributes to the ruggedness of the shoe itself. Buy em, you'll be happy.
B003ELOZSU Great boots This boot looks great and is very comfortable.  It does run small so I ordered a half size larger and it fits fine with socks. The picture makes the boot look slim but it is a typical big snow boot so don't expect a high fashion look.
B003ELOZSU size issues I looked forward to these boots arriving from the minute I ordered them. They arrived, I put the left boot on. Perfect. Warm, waterproof and possibly the most comfortable thing ever to grace my foot. I put the right boot on and it felt a bit tight across the ball of my foot. I loved them so I decided to wear them around the house a bit to see if it got any better but after 10 minutes, my right foot was killing me. Upon closer inspection, the shape of the rubber / duck part of the boot where it  jointed the material was actually a slightly different shape on the right boot than it was on the left boot. Due to the slightly different cut it sat on a different part of my foot not allowing the necessary movement and was extremely uncomfortable. It was too uncomfortable to put up with so I had to return them. A shame because if the right boot had been the same as the left boot, they would have been the best boots I'd ever owned.
B003EO8R7C Heavy Performance from a Light Boot Unless you need cast-like ankle support for your outdoor expeditions, this boot should offer enough protection for any terrain - all in a ligtweight, extremely comfortable hiker. Probably it would best fit a normal to slightly narrow foot and features adequate arch support. The gore-tex "bootie" makes it waterproof for sure, but does condemn it to the 3-season boot category. Summer days above 75 degrees would result in a severe hotfoot - bring on the cold, though! Before venturing out onto to wet, slippery slopes the soles need a few miles to remove the sheen from the rubber. After that they stick like glue. In addition to being a willing long-distance hiker, this boot is very handsome (at least in brown, the green would appeal to someone a little more sartorial daring than I!). 5 stars because the summer ventilation problem is more than offset by the unexpected high level of performance exhibited by a boot so light and good-looking.
B003EV5N8G Only wish boot would grow with foot! LOVED this boot for my 10 year old! Fashionable and functional. Stylish and age-appropriate. Bought it last season and it held up through several snow storms. I only wish she could still wear it this year!!!
B003EV5QDS Good Boots, but more of a casual boot then a work boot. First off these are really comfortable and required no time to break in. The rubber is really soft of the bottom so I have some doubts on how long they will last. Very stylish with jeans or khakis. Leather is a little thin and they just don't feel built to be used as a work boot.
B003NUQWY2 Nice Boot! Been wearing this boot for about a month now...so far, so good!  Easy on my feet during break-in period, no blisters or pain whatsoever:)  This boot is lightweight and very comfortable.  I have worn Timberland Boots and the like for over 20 years and am very pleased with the performance of this boot.  (Better than boots twice the price)  You will definitely enjoy placing your feet inside this boot...runs about 1/2 size large.
B003NUQYC2 i like the shoes his is my go to brand. I work outside ,this time i choose the size somewhat big . this boot is very comfortable and very durable. I don't have anything bad to say about the boot. I would buy this boot again and recommend it to anyone.
B003NUQYC2 Great Work Boot This is my go to brand. I work outside digging, walking, climbing and driving equipment. this boot is very comfortable and very durable. I don't have anything bad to say about the boot. I would buy this boot again and recommend it to anyone.
B003NUQYC2 good boot boot was good quality and construction.i really needed a 14-b,but only 14-d was available.with the correct fit,it would be ideal for a work boot.
B003NUR4P8 timberland trekker good boot not sure on the waterproofing yet good traction nice looking boot took one star off because they are not as warm as i thought it would be
B003NUR4P8 Great work boot These are the second pair of pros that I've owned. 34 years working in a power station and they are by far the most comfortable boot that I've worn.
B003NUR4P8 Excellent quality,  tough, lightweight, waterproof & comfortable! Highly recommend this boot.  I purchased this for hiking and gardening, as well as general work boot with its protective toe.  Very lightweight for wearing all day. Waterproof feature works great, walked across streams and mud with no moisture coming through at all.  Great tread and grip on sole. I normally wear a men's 9.5 wide, that's what I ordered and boot fits perfect.  Construction and materials of boot are excellent.  Good value.
B003NUR4P8 Great work boot I used this boot for work and it has a great fit and very comfortable. I can wear it all day long without soreness or pain. Also, it's much lighter than your typical steel toe boot and steal meets anti-crush standards.
B003OBZSZO The Original Boot Made Better! I have been looking for a boot like this for a long time. This is a chic, stylish, unbelievably comfortable and practical boot. It feels like you are wearing sneakers. The construction of the boot is Timberland at their best.I love this boot in the Wheat color. It is like the original Wheat Timberland boot that was given a more practical and stylish makeover. Somehow, the color is brighter, smoother and, in my opinion, has a more feminine look.I originally purchased this boot in black and I am just adding to that review.The fit feels true to size and the boot is incredibly warm. You can easily wear a thick pair of socks while ordering your regular size with these boots.  I have not experienced any tightening from the boot to any part of my foot or ankle. Gone is the extra thick leather on the back of the boot that hurt your ankle top.  Gone is the heavy weight of the boot that your foot and leg had to drag around. I have worn them at a full day's length now many times over and my legs and feet never tire.  These boots have good arch support built into them which is important to me since I suffer from a bad back. They feel like butter yet have the nerve to be made extraordinarily strong. What a boot.I wanted the wheat color so that I could sport them for show with my jeans and I wanted the black color so that I could wear them when it snows since they are waterproof and I won't have to worry about getting them dirty.The black color that I purchased is simply gorgeous. Made of a rich, elegant black suede on the upper part of the boot and a slightly lighter shade of black on the shoe part of the boot makes for an attractive look.It is this contrast of the two colors of black on the boot that make the boot so eye catching. It's as if Timberland found a way to make a rugged boot put on an evening dress. It's pretty. The inside fur on the boot is nice as well. The fur is a 'just right' charcoal grey color that can't possibly get dirty. It will go with ANY color clothing you put on. How smart is that?The wheat color is equally flattering. Again, it has a lovely wheat suede color on the upper part of the boot and a slightly lighter color on the shoe part of the boot. The inner lining of the boot is a clean, breezy light cream colored teddy fleece.I can wear them all tied up to the top...or flapped down so that the fur will show... or up without having to string it all of the way up to the top. Whatever...It's my thing...I'll do what I wanna' do...Ha!Whoever designed these boots should get an award. They feel so good on my legs that I just want to cry.  Bring the cold on. I'm ready for it and I'm gonna' be cute to boot.  Pun intended.
B003OBZT3A Comfortable on one foot, horrendous on the other I purchased these boots for birding outings on mudflats, so these boots should've been made for walking. The boots themselves are comfortable on my feet, but the tongue on the left boot is a killer. I had to insert a soft plastic strip; lace the boot so it laced up the side, not across, the boot; and wear extra heavy wool socks. I know the boot will need to be "broken in," but why was one perfectly fine, and the other was a killer?
B003TFEA5O Well made boot but on the wide side I was searching all winter for a brown boot, great enough for walking and sturdy enough to stand up to the elements, and came across this boot. The boot is exceptionally made as it is a Timberland. The color is true to what is shown. I am usually a size 10 so that's what I bought. It feels like a 10.5 or 11 without socks, so it may be perfect for wearing thick socks in winter. Unless this boot fits you from ankle straight up to your calves, it doesn't look good because it is wide; and adjusting the button at the top to make it tighter just makes it look worse. However, with a pair of jeans, it is perfect.
B003TFEA5O great buy I wear a size 7.5 in a tennis shoe and usually an 8 in heals or flats.  I ordered an 8 in this boot and they fit great. Also,  I get more compliments on these than any other boot that I own.
B003TFEA5O Very Nice Looking Boot and COMFY--Just took large in the calf--again! Still on my quest to find a boot that is small enough to fit my 12&#34; calves and yet be comfortable.  This boot is definitely comfortable!  I was very sad to return them as they are quite nice looking as well- gorgeous leather at the top and bottom of the boot.  The shaft does have an adjustable strap, but when I tightened it, the boot just looked odd as part of the shaft ballooned out and part of it bunched up.
B003TFEA5O Great Boot I was pleasantly surprised with this boot.  It's probably my best fitting boot.  Calf is just right for me but a little bit narrower than average.  Great quality.  My only complaint is the sole is squeaky...but I&#34;m hoping that stops after I've worn them for a while.
B003TFEA5O Great looking I really love these boot and have gotten lots of compliments... I would give them 5 stars but on the left boot, it buckles in a bit and hits the top of my ankle. I'm hoping with continued wear they will stop doing this as it starts to hurt by the end of the day.
B003TFEA5O Lovely boot This boot was good quality and very comfortable. It's just slightly too small in calf area :( Color as pictured
B003TFEA5O unique boot This boot is very nice looking and looks just like the photo.  Fits well and true to size.  I have only worn them once so far so can't say too much about them.  My husband helped me select them, and he is quite discerning when it comes to footwear.
B003V9A47Q Timberland Men's 31153 Edge Trail Mid Leather Boot The Timberland Men's 31153 Edge Trail boot is great. It fits comfortably on the foot and provides very strong support. It is great to wear in the winter, and keeps your feet warm and dry from all the snow on the ground. I wear these boots as an EMT on the job. They provide a very good grip when and where you need it. I would recommend these boots to anyone who needs to do work outdoors or hikes, or even just to wear in the winter. The comfortable fit is pleasant and doesn't leave your feet feeling sore after standing or walking around for hours. The traction on the bottom of the boot provides great stability when walking on slippery terrain such as ice. In the warmer seasons, these boots may feel a bit hot to wear however, so an alternative for the summer would be a good idea. Overall, great price, great boot, and lasts a while after taking a beating.
B003V9A47Q Great Boot My husband has worn every boot made and this is the first boot he can buy and put on without breaking them in!  He has purchased so far 5 pair!! Well made!  He runs a 8,000 acre farm so they get a good workout!
B003XHH0W8 Great boot Great boot! Like most Typical Timberland boots they were very snug as first but after 2 weeks or so they fit perfect. The insole did take took awhile to get use to.
B003XHH0W8 Timberland Men's Mount Washington Chelsea Boot I chose these boots because of their reputation. The fit has been a little tight, but I expected that. I should have invested in some boot stretchers also. I hope after a little wear they will go on and come off a little easier. Very nice boots and I will recommend to my family and friends.
B003XHH0W8 Awesome Boot Great looking boot! Fits perfect and is comfortable from day one. Would recommend to anyone looking for a great looking everyday boot.
B003XHH0W8 Good boot good price Nice boot. Feels sturdy but not too heavy for lots of walking. 3rd pair of Timberland boots I have had.
B003XHH0W8 Very nice looking pair of boots This is a great pair of boots the color is beautiful. The only problem that i'm having is the right boot feels really tight when the boot is on the left boot feels perfect.
B00411U7XO Great boot Really nice boot and I understand it has been discontinued by Timberland. Not sure why, must be low sales but it is an awesome boot. True to size and comfortable. I haven't hiked with them yet but have done quite a bit of walking and they will work well as hiking boots. They are heavy duty and I mean heavy but with that you get an insulated and waterproof boot that's worth the price.
B00411U7XO These Kiicks are smart engineering you'll love ! These boots are good looking, scuff proof all around, fit like you would expect a fine boot to fit, and as comfortable as any step- leather you will ever pull on your foot. If your venturing to hike serious terrain, or purchase a work load of boot this boot you need to check out. I reviewed all the boots online for weeks and came away unsatisfied and unhappy with having to read through a multitude of boot specifications that left me as cold as my feet would have been from lugging a load if I purchase a pair of insulated boots that weighted 3-4 lbs. this is the winner folks if you can't be happy with this bundle of foot technology good luck on wondering through the forest of dissatisfaction.
B0044KN0PO Timberland Nellie's This is an awesome boot!! The color is vibrant,and the fit,and also the comfort is wonderful!!! Timberland has made an excellent choice in creating such a fun stylish boot for women!!!
B0049N0O1Y Most awesome boot ever! The D.A.F.T. make wearing these boots all day a pure joy. the zipper on the side makes taking the boot on or off much easier. They last forever! Recommend them all the time to my friends.
B0049N0O1Y ok boot liked them at first, a bit heavy but a good boot - that is until the zipper broke and it wont stay zipped up. They dont breath at all - are waterproof, tread wore down rather quickly compared to the bates I wear normally.
B004C5QYLI The best boot ever They came in a normal manner not damaged . Been looking for that boot since they came out in he mid late 90's
B004C5QYLI Favorite boot's I am very pleased with my purchase, not only are they nice but they are very comfortable. Hope  timberland never discontinues them or changes anything about them.. Perfect just the way they are.. Again very comfortable and light weight for a boot.. Timberlands most comfortable boot.. And timberland is the only boot that i put on my feet and have been for 25 years..
B004FESCK2 An amazing boot! This boot is high quality, durable, warm, and fashionable! Everything I wanted in I found in this boot! I give it five stars!
B004J2HSIC Great Boot These boots are very light weight as well as warm. I have been very happy with them. One warrning is with sizing I had to return my first pair for a pair a 1/2 size larger so they run a little an the small side. And the price; a Gor Tex boot for under a $100 that almost never happens. GREAT BOOT!
B004J2HSIC Timberland Men's Chocorua 8" Gore-Tex Boot Took my time in posting my review to get an acurate feel for the quality of the boot. The boot is well made, comfortable upper. Didn't test the waterproof capability, fits true to size, and kept my feet warm enough. Didn't use in the snow, just "chilly" weather 20-40 F.
B004J2HSIC Nice boot I am happy with this boot but I think the insulation makes it run a bit small in length and more in width. I have not had to test the waterproofness but I expect with a goretex lining it will be waterproof
B004J2PCHG Best in Boot Item being reviewedTimberland Men's Rime Ridge Waterproof Boot,Wheat,12 M USis my husbands second pair they wear so well in the rugged area we live in and he never wants anyother kind of boot than Rime Ridge Waterproof Boot ~ the comfort is amazing the day we purchased from Amazon..
B004J2PCHG Boot Looks like a nice strong boot. Haven't had a chance to tested out in bad weather yet but im sure they will be great.
B004J8UJYQ Timberland Men's Belknap Boot Great boot, good price, quick delivery. I know these boots will come in handy when the cold temperatures arrive. Very study boot, well made.
B004K22QM4 Great Boots Feels kind of stiff at first, After a couple days of breaking in they start to fit like a glove. They're light weight and waterproof feature makes this boot great in Chicago winters. Its earth friendly and yet doesn't look like a pot head made it. It is a classy looking boot with a classic leather rugged feel to it. If this boot has the same quality as my Timberland PRO boots that I use for tower climbing, then I know these boots are of top quality.
B004K22QM4 This boot would take getting used to... not for everyone I really wanted to like this boot.  I wear 11medium.  This boot's 11M was too narrow and too short, so I had to return it.  I also spent a little time wearing it in the house to see if I could get used to it.  I could not.  The 6 inch upper just does not wear well (I have other 6 inch boots that wear much better).  Also, there doesn't seem to be much foot or arch support.  I read lots of reviews to the contrary... what gives?  Also, it looks like a work boot when you're wearing it.  I thought it would have a better look than that.  In any case, it's sent back to Amazon.
B004K22U84 Timberland at it's best! I enjoy Timberland products, great quality, outstanding warranty (lifetime of the boot or shoe) and a great fit.  This boot is no exception! The craftsmanship is on par with the company's best of standards and the quality of the leather is impeccable. What's more, the boot fits great and is very comfortable to the foot.  This is a great product and well worth the money. Item was both shipped and arrived on time...no complaints whatsoever! I am extremely happy with this purchase!
B004K22U84 Easy On Boot Two reasons why I like this boot.  I have a high arch and find it difficult to get my foot into high laced boots.  I generally have to loosen all of the laces and then struggle to get the boot on and then pull up all of the laces.  With this boot I pull down the zipper and my foot easily slides in.The second reason I like this boot, is I like two keep my laces very tight, for extra ankle support.  After slipping the boot on I lace up the laces snug and when I pull up the zipper the laces become very tight, more then I could ever accomplish by just pulling on the laces.If your looking for a comfortable boot that is easy to put on and can be tightened for extra support, then this is the boot for you.  If your looking for a boot that is stylish and looks good I would look elsewhere. The lower dark brown leather, on the Timberland Men's Earthkeeper City Zip Lace-Up Boot, has a luster, while the upper tan leather is dull and has an unattractive faint crackling.I own several pairs of Timberline boots, having purchased my first pair in 1975.  which is still in good shape.  The leather on all of my previous purchases, different styles, had a nice luster to them and are constructed from noticeably thicker leather, then the leather that this boot is constructed of.  The boots are light weight and definitely not a work boot.  I have only worn them a few times but I am pleased with my purchase.
B004K22W2S Nice looking, but bad QA. Overall: mediocre Chinese fabrication. I've had a number of pairs of Timberland boat shoes over the past five years, and have been very happy with the durability and comfort of them, so when I saw these boots at a decent price I jumped at the chance to buy them.I received the boots on 5 December, and over the past fourteen days I must have worn them about ten days, mostly just on the drive to and from work, and to call at the store on the way home. I've not worn them for more than an hour at a time except for a Saturday when they were on my feet for the whole day, from around 09h30 to 18h30.Now as far as I understand, everybody has one foot slightly bigger than the other; for me, it's the right foot that is the "strong" one. But the first time I put these on, I found that the left boot felt tighter than the right... it feels as if it is a quarter size smaller.  I thought that perhaps the leather would stretch out a bit and that it would start to feel as confortable as the right boot, but this isn't happening.I'm beginning to think that the feeling of tightness comes from the midsole cushioning being slightly thicker in the left boot. Pressing inside the right boot with my fingers, the cushioning certainly feels thinner than in the left.It looks like this is going to get worse, as the cushioning in the right boot is beginning to sag in the area between the heel and arch, right about where the letter S is, in the "Earthkeepers" label.Overall, I'm not happy with these. I might just have got a bad left boot; I've given it time to stretch, but now the right boot is beginning to fail. I would have returned them as defective, but I don't have the original box... that will teach me to expect Timberlands to be any different to any other Made-in-China boots.
B004K66PAE great boot I loved the look of this boot, but I am looking for a boot that has a tall shaft. It came to mid calf.I had to go a size down to fit, but heel was still too loose. Sen them back.
B004K66PAE Boot was missing a Liner I love the boot - they arrived and one boot did not have a liner inside.  So I went and bought a liner and they are fine.  Just thought it was odd to receive in this condition.
B004K66PAE Great boot This is a great looking and comfortable boot.  I was concerned when I read reviews on other sites about this boot being too narrow and people having trouble getting their foot in the shoe. When my boots arrived, I removed all the paper from the boot and could barely squeeze my foot in but thought I would make due with a little discomfort.  I later discovered that along with the paper I had previously removed, the boots were shipped with a cardbord shaper that fit so snug in the boot I couldn't tell it was there.  After I removed the cardboard insert the boot fit perfect and I find the boots very roomy.
B004K6CATO beautiful boot This boot is lovely...it is a nice cross between a more urban boot and a sleeker boot.  The sizing was accurate. I am returning them simply because I did not pay attention to heel height and they are just too high for me.
B004KQ0VXG Love em! I am a boot freak and love these boots for everyday and everyway wear!! They fit great and you wont slip in them and they are a great all around boot...good quality and rugged to boot...Hebe.
B004KQ0VXG Timberland Stratham Boot Very comfortable, attractive boot.  The heal is not too high or uncomfortable.  It's true to size.  The depiction given was fair and true.  This is a smart and realistic buy.
B004KQ4IWG Great boot I really like the boot and it fits well.  The heel is perfect, not to high or to narrow.  This is a great boot
B004KQ4IWG Great boot! Great boot! I could walk around in these boots all day without any foot pain, something I have never been able to find before. I have wide feet and had foot surgery as a child and these boots don't give me any problems. My only problem is that the boot shaft is a little higher than I had expected, I have large calves and these have the potential to make it look like I have cancles.
B004KQ4IWG georgeous leather supple boot I bought this boot as a christmas gift for my daughter, got it and was so totally amazed at the quality and the softness and how pretty the boot was, that I gave it to her early.  She wore them to a Thanksgiving Dinner in Jasper Florida.  Where she line danced and other dances and she said they were so totally comfortable and so light on her feet.  What a nice boot.
B004L32PFU Quality,value and comfort...all found in this boot Terrific boot. Looks great and is comfortable.  Confident that comfort will be perfect once the leather is broken in. Timberland makes great boots.
B004L36WD6 Rugged and comfortable Very nice boot.  I haven't worn a high boot in a long time and thought that it would take a while to break these in.  They were comfortable from the start.  They keep my feet dry out here in the countryside.  Despite their heavy rugged appearance they are surprisingly light.  Great support too.
B004L36WD6 Good boot Exact match to my foot. Color hold up - now, I don't use it for a work boot. kinda for show more than function. For that reason?? Worth it.
B004L8P6HO timberland boot I bought this boot for my daughter as a Christmas present.  She has big calves.  I didn,t think they would fit but, to my surprise they fit perfectly and she loves them.
B004L8P6HO boots A boot that is actually tall enough to reach above the knee. Thank you Timberland. A little big around the calf but all in all a great boot
B004LL1ELS Amazon.com's Women's Timerbland Winter Boot Having had surgery on my left foot, I was looking for a wide, comfortable, sturdy, and aesthetically pleasing winter boot. This boot fit the description. However, when that "bad" foot went into it, I had to quickly take them off! Do not get me wrong, the boot is excellent, the foot was the problem. They were so well-made that I did not want to return them and gave them to a relative who needed boots for this region's exceedingly harsh winters.I live the cut and color selection of this boot. I do admit that Amazon has some wonderfully-priced women's winter boots. A great deal of variety in style is offered as well. The boot is lined from top-to-toe with fake fur that is warm, comfortable, and sturdy. I regretted not being able to keep them but know that they will be perfect for someone else who "rocks" style as much as I would like to think I do!
B004LL1ELS Overall Excellence! I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a well constructed boot with added warmth. I have wide feet and finding a boot that doesn't require break-in, nor will chafe the high ankles is a plus. Being in the mountains, these work wonders in the rain as well as snow. Comfort, style, warmth and construction all molded into one boot is a luxury that I can't find anymore. AWESOME!!
B004LLSV5U Best Boots Ever!! Ok I was looking for a good winter boot and this boot kept popping up on my screen.  I realized it had so many positive reviews which is always a plus for me and decided to get it.  Its sturdy, beautiful and sooooo warm.  I am a colorful person and got it in the violet and brown which I love.  If you are still hesitating about buying this boot..dont! You will hate yourself if you pass on it.
B004LLSV5U The Quintessential Snow Boot! I didn't get these from Amazon but I wanted to share the love.This is truly the quintessential snow boot and they have got to be the prettiest snow boot that I have ever seen.  They are tall and bold.  As bold in style as they appear, they are equally sedate.  By that I mean that they look very much like a boot for the snow and cold, yet the parts of the boot specifically chosen to keep out the snow and the cold are made to look very smooth and neat with clean lines, and are understated.  The sole and general lower part of the boot is not bulky at all.  The boldness comes in when you look at the style of the boot itself.  It makes for quite a fashion statement.  People are going to look at you and say "Those are some really nice boots", or "Wow, I just love your boots".  The picture does not do them justice.  I purchased the Black/Gray color and they match everything.  They are made to be totally in style now and yet, will withstand any trend because they are, after all, snow boots.The leather trim on them are quality and the charcoal gray fur inside is pleasing to the eye and plentiful. The nylon upper part of the boot is equally made exceptionally well and is pleasing to the eye as well.  The sole of the boot is made solid and looks to be made to last a lifetime.  The tongue of the boot runs all of the way up the boot and it is made so that it reaches well inside into the left and right of the inside of the boot.  It is sought of an inside over-lapping system for want of a better terminology.The arch support is very good and they have the nerve to be extremely comfortable.  They are light and bend very easily with your gait.  I have a bad back so the weight a boot has, coupled with plowing through a bank of snow with as little weight on my legs as possible is of paramount importance to me.  The warmth that they provide is exceptional.  Nothing, not snow, rain, or cold is getting in these boots.  I think that I'll wind up wearing regular socks in these boots throughout the winter except on 20 degree or lower days.  These are some serious boots.The shaft of this boot is tall.  I am a little over 5' 6" tall but my leg and arm limbs are very long.  These are the only boots that I have ever owned that actually come up the full length of my leg.  This should be a benefit to the average person but if you have a particularly petite limb length then these boots might be a smidgen too tall for you.  As for me, I am as pleased as punch.These boots feel true to size and do not feel too narrow or too wide to me.  The width should not be a problem for most people since they are designed so that you can just tighten or loosen them using the string system built into the boot.  I will say that the boot fits snug in the sense that the fur inside really envelops you.  It's supposed to though.  They won't feel tight but your legs will feel as snug as a bug in a rug yet you will easily able to wear jeans inside these boots.Be sure to take your time when you initially adjust the strings.  Take particular care to leave the strings loose on the part of the boot where the top of the foot meets the bottom of your leg and you will have plenty of room.  This will also allow you to easily take the boot on and off.  There is a little hook on the very top of the boot that you can use to slip your finger through, then grab and hold, thus allowing you to hold onto it as you slide your foot into the boot.  I did this after I initially adjusted the strings to my liking.  You will find yourself using this hook a lot.  I must admit that I would have preferred that the strings were made a little longer.  Because my legs are slim these boots fit me perfectly and I'm able to tie them all of the way up but, even with my slim limbs, the strings just make it.  My point is, if you have a wide calf, you might want to leave the boot open that much more, hence, you would benefit from longer strings.I must say that I am extremely satisfied with the purchase of these boots and would highly recommend them.
B004LQL3K0 Nice Boot but buyer beware Boot was very well made.  Comfortable overall but a little too narrow in the toe box for my wider feet.  Boot is super nice looking & a great price.  Warm although not lined.  The shaft is not stiff so there is no support in the ankle but with the stiffer sole it makes it sturdy boot.  True to size & for a normal size foot the width should be no problem. Get it if you can.However, understand if you buy from Shoe Metro & have to return, you will pay shipping back & are not reimbursed.  This did not make me happy at all so buyer beware.
B004P1O3O4 The Old Bait & Switch! I ordered the black Timberland Newmarket shown in the description, as a birthday present for a friend.  However, when I received my order, I found, I had been a victim of the old bait & switch routine.  The boot I order and the boot I received were clearly different.  I thought it might have been a mistake until I logged back on the Amazon and discovered another customer had written a review, stating the same thing.  Wow!  Who does this?  The only reason I gave this product a two star rating is because the friend I order the boot for never saw the original product and actually liked the boot that was shipped.
B004PNE720 Almost perfect boot. Unlike the Hyperion boots, these, like stated be everyone else, have NO break in period. They are one of the most comfortable boots I have worn. The ONLY things that made me return these and keep my Hyperions are the facts that the leather is very soft (it scratches way to easily), it doesn't have any abrasion resistance on the toe to help with the soft leather (I know they're work boots, but I like my stuff to look nice), and no insulation.The Hyperion has the abrasion resistance (doesn't really need, but ill take it), insulation (I wanted a 'one size for every situation' type boot), and doesn't scratch... like, at all. IMHO, the Helix looks ten times better, it just doesn't do what I want.I gave this boot a 5 star because it really is an awesome boot, just didn't fit my needs.
B004PNE720 Great boot I work at a golf course on a grounds crew and for me the boot works out perfectly. The waterproofing and water proof material do an amazing job at holding out the moisture also the anti fatigue system keeps my body comfortable and ready as I do all the different jobs. the only problem I have with the boot is that the outer material on the toe seems to wear off easily but that might just be the color and not so much the material so all in all I would recommend the boot to any one in a field related to mine.
B004PNE720 What a great boot! I was looking for the most comfortable boot, being on my feet in 12 hour shifts. I work in demolition, around heavy machinery, concrete, lots of water, etc. I tried on close to 15 boots and 4 different brands. Read hundreds of reviews on amazon.I bought this boot as an alternative to my red wings steel toe that cost me $285, they just hurt my feet too much, even after adding the $50 insole. Wow is this boot much better in every way. It's almost as comfortable as the  Timberland PRO Men's 47001 Power Welt Waterproof 6" Steel-Toe Boot (which I bought at the same time and love too). I wear both boots.I would recommend this boot to anyone for any reason. I have never been this happy about a boot.
B004PNE720 Absolutely the best. I needed a composite toe work boot for my occupation as an Reactor Service Technician. I do a lot of standing over extended periods of time so it was imperative that I had a comfortable and durable pair of boots.First off, the fit is spot on, or at least it was for me. I prefer to wear these over any of my shoes. It took about 1 week for the boot to fully conform to my foot and ankle but once it did I could hardly notice it's existence. I have only just started to notice internal wear on the back in the heel but it's just barely noticeable so time will tell how far it erodes.A really nice feature is the top shackle which allows you to just pull the string up and over it to tie it and vice versa for untying. Trust me, this is very handy after spending 14+ hours in these, albeit a comfortable 14 hours, but after that amount of time my feet want free and getting out of these is a 10 second process.The grip is phenomenal, I have stepped over black ice at all sorts of angles to test it and while it slips the slip is predictable and usually short lived. There are some rugged splines in the arch of the sole which are very well engineered and I found them awesome for climbing ladders.The boot itself is visually pleasing, when I look at other guys footwear I never have any regrets.The only downside is that the toe of the boot is prone to wear, but I feel this is usually the case for any leather material. So I don't hold it against the boot or manufacturer.All in all, I love these, and when the time comes will probably stick with the same brand for my next pair.
B004PNE720 Great Boot Great boot, good design, and very comfortable, I would definitely buy another pair again! Well worth the money and hold up great for construction.
B004PNE720 Excellent boot This boot was cheaper through amazon and only too a couple days to break in.  Awesome boot and is the most comfortable boot I've owned, only bad this is they won't clear a metal detector.
B004PNE720 Ok boot I am a big fan of Timberland PRO boots. The Helix are not as comfortable as I thought, compared to Titian work boot.The sole is slick on metal surfaces.  I believe that I will stick with the Timberland PRO Titian boots from now on.
B004PZYM3C Like them, but The boots are very comfortable. Overall its a nice casual boot. My only dissapointment was with the "worn effedct" or rugged look that the boot came with. I expected the boot to have that "rugged" look, but the picture of the boot definetley showed it a bit newer and fresher. Good boot, good seller, just wish the desription was better.
B004Q01HZM Comfortable After reading all other reviews...Yes, boot is 1in to 1 1/2 in oversized depending on the width of your foot.These boots are very stylish and comfortable.  Once you break them in...they tend to become your everyday boot. Breaking them in takes a few times wearing them and you get the creases in the right places after that you're good to go.  Laces also need to get a good breaking in. Leather is of great quality which is hard to find at this price. Would buy again and Highly Recomend buying them. I bought them in black and am buying another pair in brown. Timberland quality, comfort and style at a great price.
B004Q01HZM Really nice boot i bought this boot because i thought it would wear well to work on uglier nyc days. the boot does this with aplumb. nice fit (though i'm still breaking them in. I have to tie them loose on top because the top left of the boot kinda rubs me). This is a very versatile boot that looks great with dark jeans or dress khakis. and Timberland has a great repair policy. I have two other pairs of timberland earthkeepers (an oxford and the workboot) and like how light  and comfortable they are. highly recommended.
B004Q01HZM Excellent Boot Great boot, very cool looking and almost no break in required. Fits true to size if your feet are bit wide. I wear a 10 in most shoes and these fit great!!
B004Q01HZM fantastic boot This a comfortable and stylish boot, which also happens to be very well made.  I could not be happier with this purchase.
B004REL8TW Great boot, fits perfect!! Not sure why other people had a hard time getting this boot on, yes it is snug around the opening but not too much, its just right so that snow doesnt get in there. It is very comfortable and warm and the quality it amazing. It is just the right amount flexible too. I tried to go back and order in my size but it was no longer available...dang it!
B004REL8TW Lacing Difficult The Lacing in the boot was extremely difficult to manage. I cut it and this allowed my daughter feet to get in. I love the design and warmth of the boot but was a hassle. I would not purchase another one for future winters.
B004RQ1GPG Not comfortable. The boots were not comfortable at all. The boot rubbed my toe and the lace locks the strings and makes it hard to tighten up the boot. I sent them back.
B004RQ1GPG should be a good boot. The boot fits, but is taking a bit to break in around the heel. When that's through, should be great.
B004RQ1GPG I love them The boots are perfect for me. For a period in the 1990's Timberlands were the only shoes I had, one pair of chukka boot then a huge insulated pair I used while in Antarctica for 13 months. Then I got away from wearing boots for many years. Well, now I'm back to wanting a boot for everything in the city, and hiking in the desert, and for motorcycle riding. Been to the desert already in these and they did great. Wear them everyday everywhere. A note about motorcycle riding: a proper motorcycle riding boot needs to over the ankle and have slip resistance for oil and water. This boot has that.
B004RQ1GPG Buy this boot! Most comfortable boot I've even worn period!
B004RQ1N8Q Looked for boots for a year... I looked for a year for comfortable but strong, protective boots; not in construction and not brutal on my boots so this review may not be of use to you if you are.  Tried many different brands and sizes and even gave up looking for a few months.  After a significant amount of additional research I chose this Helix to try.  It is, hands down, the finest boot I've ever owned.  The anti-fatigue feature is great and the boot fits very well.  I initially thought it did not have a steel/composite protective toe but I sure seems to.  The toe box on the left boot at one point felt a little off, as though it was canted off plumb with the boot however over time this seemed to decrease or self-remedy.  The leather (or faux leather) upper marks and scrapes easily so don't expect them to look brand new very long.  I've only had these about 1 month and they still look good but with obvious cosmetic blemishes.  Krylon spray paint dripped on them and when cleaned within five minutes came off without leaving a mark (the spots I didn't see and were able to dry can be scratched off, but leave an obvious lighter looking leather spot in that location).  Laces and hardware function well, particularly the one anchor point on either side of the boot - better for me than two or more on some other boots.  Makes getting in and out of them a snap.  Wish the hardware was metal though; I'm concerned that over the long haul the plastic might give up the ghost.  Sole grips well on all surfaces I've tried (concrete, leaves, grass, dirt/mud, asphalt, wood, in all weathers), is resilient.  I had to have a notched heel to grip ladders or other items - solid flat sole was not an option for me.  I have not submerged the boot, so I cannot say if it is waterproof or not.The two most important factors for me in a boot, in order of importance, are comfort and ruggedness.  If you have similar needs I would recommend trying this one.  If I remember correctly Timberland has a 30 day return guarantee if you're not satisfied.Hope this was of some help.
B004RUDRY0 Timberland big girls boot Not cheap, but my pre-teen loves them. Boot gives you the style that is appropriate for young girls and the fit needed for shoes that women wear.
B004RUDRY0 Boot not as I hoped this boot was for my grandson whose is not quite 2years old.  The boot did not fit I had to cut the side of the boots to make it fitNot true to size.  Babies feet grows
B004T0YVZ2 the best boot ever. My 9 years old loves this boot. She wears it all the time and said that it is worm and comfortable. Fits true to size. Very good quality.The price is unbeatable.
B004TDWITU Great boot The boot itself is very good looking. Got it for my granddaughter for Christmas and looks wonderful. Will buy Timberland book again!
B004TQD60W Great boot. Excellent made boot.  Very good price, great quality, and fast ship, thanks.  I find it hard to locate this type of boot.
B004ZCE19U perfect boot. its everything i expected after watching all the videos on youtube. im surprised how low key this boot has been given its quality. would definitely recommend it to a friend
B004ZCE19U Great boot - very comfortable This is a great boot.  Not only is it extremely comfortable and well finished, it's priced right as well. go
B004ZCE19U Great boot and stylish Purchased for my son birthday excellent looking boot well made he wear them everyday and love them everyone  would ask where you purchase them
B004ZCE19U Timberland Helcor This boot is very awesome, I did my research before I purchased. A great boot for every day wear or for work. Scuff proof, water resistant,  & fire retardant.  I expect these to last awhile!
B004ZCE19U Great KickAss Boot yet Heavy... Love the boot and I'm a huge Timberland fan.  Great look and low scuffing level, which is cool.  I primarly use this as a kick around boot vs. working boot, but i find it a bit large in fit and heavy.  Really comfortable with extended wear 8+ hours, but as mentioned just a tad heavy.  Comfort and look 10 / weight 5.  I would buy again, but if lite is your game this might not be the right boot.
B004ZCE19U Nice boot Too soon to tell but it is a well constructed boot. I like that my foot just slide right in with little effort. They are light and comfortable.Time will tell if they will last or not. I would recommend this boot. Make sure you get a half a size smaller they run big.
B004ZCEVP4 LOVE IT!! FITS JUST LIKE THE CLASSIC TIMBERLAND BOOT BUT WITH THE NEW FIELD BOOT DESIGN. ONLY ONE PROBLEM, I WANTED TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE IN MY SIZE AND IT WAS OUT OF STOCK.
B004ZCZFFE Great Boot This has been my everyday boot this winter, not a scuff or complaint, and it is ver y attractive and comfortable, I get a lot of nice compliments
B00517PH1Y lase up great boot i'm a timberland fan couldn't say enough about them very roomy at the toe which is very important to me being i'm on my feet all day also very warm if you work outside like I do very good boot
B0054HM2UU Fabulous work boot. Super comfortable, very durable, warm, great gripping lug pattern, and waterproof to "boot".  I have been doing remodeling for 40 years and could not improve on this boot made buy a quality and responsible American company.
B0057N6LOY Timberland Men's Euro Hiker Split Rock 2,Graphite Nubuck,US 14 M Very nice looking and fitting boot, I've been looking for a grey Timberland boot for quite some time now and this fits the description. Only issue I have is that the boots I received weren't exactly the same boots in the picture. The white trim that runs along the bottom of the boot in the picture is dark grey on the boots I received, I wanted it white, not a deal breaker but 1 star deducted for that.
B00591UN48 Wearing them daily Although the 3&#34; heel takes its inevitable toll on your ankles if you walk all day, that isn't the boot's fault. The construction is solid, the leather is nice, the fit is good, and they are versatile in style enough to go with pants, dresses, skirts, you name it. I haven't given the waterproofing a real test yet but they are holding up beautifully so far this winter.I would highly recommend this boot.
B005973ZWY wow wow wow wow this is the best boot i have ever owned.  you have to google this boot and watch the video -- even then, you won't see all the beautiul details, stitching, interior laces, straps/buckles, secret tiny pocket (!!!) -- this boot was made by experts with care and dedication.  smells like a leather saddle!  surprisingly very lightweight on the foot, not heavy clunkers.  kudos to timberland for a gorgeous, exquisite boot.
B005A5YQ2S Timberland Men's GT Scramble Mid Hiking Boot,GraniteGrey,15 M US I have been looking for a grey Timberland boot for quite sometime and this one is pretty good, it fits great and feels like it's constructed of decent materials. Good boot for just about any activity.
B005A5Z6AE All terrain booat. Great boots, I am here in Afghanistan as a contractor, and this boot is rugged, light, and durable. I reccomend this as a good boot buy.
B005I6Z4JI Great boot Boot looks better in the picture than in person. But the boot is great for work. I had the brown version for a year before decided to get the black to match other clothing. Sole is most comfortable out of all the timberlands I own. Never had an incident with the kevlar toe, not sure if it is as good as steel, but protects me while I am kicking things. Passess metal detectors while going through TSA. The boot is ugly and wide in my opinion in real life but this boot is meant for work.
B005I6Z4JI Great boot and Great fit This is my 3rd pair of these boots and it is the only kind I get now.  I can wear them straight out of the box for a long day working and walking.  Best boot I've owned.
B005I6Z4JI Boots The boot did fit just fine, however I like the Titan boot more, The sole of the Helix is sturdier and over all the boot is hotter but everything is hot when its 100 degrees.
B005I6Z4JI Great work boot I purchased the boots for my husband who is in construction and on his feet all day.He told me they were very comfortable and is happy with the boot overall.
B005I6Z4JI Great boot Great boot!  Great price!  Mine last around 18 months in rough conditions.  Would give 5 stars if they were made in America.
B005MI8CPK Comfortable for a 5-eye chukka but.... I really like the rich leather look and comfortable sole but it's weak, meaning that it's not rugged.  The boot is not water proof (I knew that part but it would be an improvement!) and the leather upper is too thin.  It is indeed a light weight boot, but still...what's the purpose of wearing a boot if it's not going to perform like one.  It's a pretty boy shoe nothing more.  I was expecting more from a Timberline....I guess one gets what they pay for.
B005Y7PQNU Great boot I've been having these bad boys for over a year now and wear almost everyday and they are still doing good. They really have a good sole on them. I can see them lasting for more than two years when most work boot last me one year.
B006GFYL44 Great Boot I didn't expect much when I ordered these boots, but they are really comfortable.  And since there isn't a liner, they are pretty cool as well.
B006T2EJC8 Big Feet - Narrow Boot Neck The boot is quality, durable and comfortable. I wear size 15 wide and the boot fits nicely once it's on. The only negative drawback is that it's a bit of a struggle to fit my foot through the neck of the boot, even after a month and a half. Other than that, I'm happy with them. Living in South Florida, I wear these often during the rainy season, and I'm happy to say that they standup to the water-proof guarantee.
B006T2YLPS Great boots but quality control was a bit off on the water proof I got my usual size 10M for this boot a week ago.  It was a bit tight initially but after a few times walking in it, it fits perfectly.  However, there was a slight leak of water on my left heel when walking in the 5 inch snow around my house.  Since I like the boot, instead of going through the process of exchanging it, I put some crazy glues and some industrial leak sealer spray around the ankle parts of the left boot and those took care of the leaks.  They should do a better job on quality control on this water-proof boot.Also, this style of boot has a higher heel, that makes walking in snow and slush more difficult as your heels would dig into the snow and slush more and the boot is more rigid due to its all leather construction.  So this style of boot is good for regular walking, especially after some break-ins of the boot and for short walks around snow and slush.  If you regularly work in slick and snowy environment for longer hours, I would recommend other boots with more flatter heel and more flexible construction such as Timberland Powerwelt Wellington boot.
B006T2YLPS Great work boot Waterproof, great fit, very comfortable. What more could you ask for? I would definitely check out this boot or other timberlands in the future!
B006T2Z940 Good boot Didn't wear quiet as well as I thought they would was a comfortable boot easy to take on and off
B006T2Z940 Work Boot Timberland PRO Men's Helix Chelsea ESD Work Boot,Brown ,9.5 M US was a good fit right from the start.  Husband said they felt comfortable and was no break in time for them.  Would recommend boot to others and from this vendor.
B006T2Z940 Timberland PRO Men's Helix Chelsea ESD Work Boot it looks deceiving in the picture, and it actually is. The shoe runs a little wide around the heal and ankle area, causing slipping up and down. the inner sole is very cushy and soft. All around it's a decent boot. that's why I gave it three stars.
B006T2Z940 GREAT BOOT Was looking for a new wook boot online, was concerened about buying boots online, but I'm shore glade I got these. They are comfortable, and I will buy another pair when these wairout, I found a new woork boot!!
B006T307QE Great boot! The fit it great. Needs to be broke in like any other new boot for work, but feels great on my feet!
B006T307QE ran too big The boot is some what comfy but the tong on the boot bunches up! And the boot is not insulated! Also does not look as good as picture when on or off.  For the money was a little disappointed.
B006T307QE Love them so far While they are not AS comfortable as I expected (might be something with my feet themselves as I put alot of pressure on the heel when I walk I guess), the only complaint I have is something that will go away eventually anyway (stiffness of the tongue on the right boot). Otherwise, great boot, looks good..whats not to like!!
B006T307QE Great boot fast delivery Amazing boot. Worn for about a week straight and fits like a dream. I go through boots especially the toe area. This boot seems to be perfect very happy and very fast shipping.
B006T307QE Comfotable Work Boot. Good solid comfortable boot. Thanks for making this boot available. The minute I slipped them on, I could tell they were a quality Work Boot.
B006T307QE great boot So far this is a great boot,  fits well out of the box.  The tongue and ankle area need some breaking in but overall the fit is excellent.  I  walked on packed snow and ice and the grip was good.  We will see if i feel the same way 3 months from now but so far is five stars.
B006T307QE Good boot, but a little warm I did not like the boot much at first.  The right boot was a little tight and both boots were very warm.  I live and work outside in 90+ degree temperatures so this is no good.  After wearing the boots for a couple of days though the fit remarkably improved and though I wish they were cooler it is tolerable.  My feet feel better at the end of the day with these boots.  The boots are made of quality material, are a bit heavy, and add a little more height versus my last boot.  All in all, I like the boot, but may get a second pair that are a little cooler for the summer.
B006T307QE Great boot Most comfortable work boot I have found.  They fit well from day one. I am very happy with the Timberland Pros once again!
B006T307QE Flexible, sturdy, and premium quality! Timberland provided a great boot here. This boot is everything I hoped to receive when I purchased it. It is comfortable, flexible, and provides the electrical hazard , steel toe, and waterproof specifications I desired. I wish the cushioned insole was thicker, but I just added one of my own since I had room in the but for it. I ordered this boot 6-months ago ago and it is quite durable keeps my feet in great condition. I tried it on in a store before purchasing online though, so I knew what I was ordering. The price was way cheaper too.
B006T307QE Great boot Boot is heavy duty enough to tackle the terrain and conditions imposed upon them here in Afghan. Comfort and protection is first rate.
B006T307QE Best work boot I have had I have owned pro series before but this is the boot that's durable and made for daily ware And  tear.
B006T307QE Can't go wrong with Timberland I would recommend this boot to anyone. There are a couple things I didn't like though.  First, it took a little while to break the boot in and it is suppose to have a comfort system for immediate comfort but after a couple weeks they were fine.  Plus, this is suppose to be a 6&#34; boot but the tongue sticks up a lot higher than the rest of the boot and if you don't wear a longer sock, rubs you leg a little.  The boot does seem to add a little height to you though, so that's a bonus.
B006T307QE disappointed I have only 2 months  with the boots and the stitching is ripped  on the cloth part of the boot  its suppose to be work boot right? I was expecting for the price my money`s worth.
B006T307QE Hyperion is a beast of a work boot. This is probably one of my favorite Timberland Pro boots. I have purchased for work. The design of the boot is sharp. All the features are awesome. The insulation is very warm. The anti fatigue inner sole is very comfortable. The safety toe doesn't stab you in the foot. When you're squatting down. Boots don't smell from the anti microbial. Great support on your ankle. The bottom soles seem very sturdy, and grip to all surfaces. The only thing that might bring my five star down. Is if the side stitichings blow out, or if the soles wear out quickly. Other than that, the boot is really well designed.
B006T307QE Great boot, just not for me :( The vibram sole is so cumfortable. These boots were great, for a while. The membrane that connects the tongue to the outside of the boot folds and tucks in between your foot and the boot. On my right leg, just under my anckle, it rubbed a sore spot into the soft tissue by lunch. All in all I think these are good boots, I have problems finding comfortable footware. I replaced these ones with another timberland pro and love them.
B006T307QE Opinion of product (ouch) inner sole not as comfortable as stated, plastic on outside of boot rubs my ankle and causes the boot to pinch the front of my foot at the joint. I have to wear two pairs of socks if I wear them
B006T307QE 3 weeks waterproof no longer I had these for 3 weeks during an afghanistan winter. Those little mesh coverings you see on the side of the boot. Those blew out in 3 weeks allowing water to soak in and negating the reason for me even purchasing the boot.I would definitely not recommend this boot. I'm just so disappointed in the way it performed.
B006T30U8E Best Boot I've Tried This boot is comfortable and stable. It has relieved my foot and back pain. The arch is a tad low for my taste but that isn't enough to detract from the overall structure of the boot.
B006T31UWE comfortable I had them for a few weeks and from day one they were comfortable. grate boot I will buy again
B006T31UWE Timberland; same boot fit as I expected A good boot for work and going out. The leather is broken in, the color as shown, and width is what I expected. If you like a comfort leather boot for work and everyday use, this Timberland fits that expectation.
B006T31UWE Nice boot Its a great casual boot and the round toe was exactly what I was looking for, better for standing around in than long walks though, the boot is overall the right size but a little loose so the back of the heel slides up and down a little when walking.
B006T32HGC What a boot! Very nice and comfortable boot. I have only had these for a short time, so we will see how they last.
B006T32HGC Good work and hiking boot I have had these boots for about 2 months now and have worn them almost every day.  I bought them for an all around work, hiking and hunting boot.  They are marketed as a work boot, but they are great hikers too.  They were not real comfortable at the top around the ankle at first.  They were very stiff, but after about a week they were fine.  In fact the boot is very comfortable.  It is roomy too.  I was able to add insoles and toe warmers.  They are not isulated so they are not very warm. My feet got very cold wearing them in the snow, but they stayed dry inside.  I used them for hunting in step mountain terrain and they were great. Good tread and tough vibram soles.  These boots are easy on the toes going down step terrain.  They are easy on and off.  Laces stay tied.  They even come with and extra set of laces.Too soon to rate them for durability.  They have a lot of stiching and I think all those seems could be an issue for durability.  I see a little fraying in the gray fabric triangles where it meets the leather.  I have always preferred an all leather upper without a lot of extra stiching.  I have a pair of meindl's that are at least 20 years old that are still going strong.  Other than that it seems like a real good all around boot especially at this price.
B006T32HGC Was expecting more... I had this boot for a little over a month. It was very comfortable to wear. Fit perfectly. I liked the waterproofing. The problem I have with the boot is the top part of the boot that holds the lace is plastic and the plastic goes down the side of the heal on both sides. It started cracking and breaking apart  only after a month.  These being work boots I would have thought they were more durable. Too bad though I really thought they were comfortable.  Returned to amazon.  Purchased Timberland PRO Men's 26078 Titan 6" Waterproof Safety-Toe Work Boot.  Love them.
B006T32HGC GREAT BOOT'S EVERYTHING I EXPECTED AND MORE,FOR YEARS I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR BOOT'S THAT COULD HANDLE MY JOB,I WORK IN THE TREE INDUSTRY AND I'M ON MY FEET 10 TO 13 HOUR'S A DAY AND MANY BOOT'S CAN'T HANDLE THAT,BUT THE HYPERION.
B006T32HGC Best Work Boot Yet!!! Very good fitting boot. The first boot that don't hurt my feet when on them all day. Work on a concrete floor all day and the boot feels great. Glad I looked on the reviews first. The shoe sizing is off . I normally wear size 10.5. The review said to add .5 and worked great. definitely going to buy another pair of Timberland boots
B006T32HGC Comfortable boot and lightweight First time in years that I bought Timberland,so far I am very happy with this boot. Have only worn them for two weeks,but so far they seem to be good quality.
B006T32HGC Timberland PRO Men's Hyperion Waterproof Boot Found this boot to be a rugged heavyduty and  comfortable to walk in. Should get a lot of miles out of them before they have to be replaced.
B006T32HGC Great Boot, Good Price. Comfortable to wear and are well built. They seem like they will hold up for a long time. Good looking boot and even in size 14 M doesn't look clunky.
B006T32HGC Heavy Great boot over all. My only issue was they are too bulky for someone to be walking all day and constantly on the go..
B006T32HGC Great Work Boot So glad Timberland offered this boot in a none steel toe version. Fit great out of the box and came with an extra set of laces in black. I have worn for about 2 weeks now and have been very happy with the comfort and so far seems to be holding up to the abuse. I have had problems in the past with some Timberland shoes and boots not running true to size but this is not the case with this boot.
B006T32HSK Comfortable One of the most comfortable boots I've ever put on. They are a little heavy and the insulation is thick. I didn't quite realize they were so insulated, don't think it will be a good summertime boot if you live in the south. The boot is a good comfortable well built boot!
B006T32HSK Good looking boot!! This boot is outstanding !! Right out of the box it was very comfortable!! They are a very nice looking boot!! They remind me of a very expensive hiking boot  bought years ago. I would and do recommend this boot to friends. Haven't had the chance to see if the insulation works.....next month in Utah I will find out.
B006T32HSK Great But A Huge Boot (Too Wide For Me) These boots are massive !!! I ordered a size 12 standard width. The length of the boot was great but, the width was too wide. My foot would slide from side to side especially on any incline. I work outdoors in the California foothill with lots of steep terrain. Every time I tried to climb up (walk) a steep embankment my feet would slip from side to side inside the boots. I tried tightening the laces as much as possible but it just wasn't enough. If you've ever worn a boot that's too wide you'll understand its uncomfortable & can be painful. I can see why the boot is so wide these have to be the biggest pair of boots I've ever seen. I stood almost 2.5inches higher in these. And the toes section of the boot, just looking at it from the outside it was HUGE. I've never seen a boot so bulky like this. They look great, the option on the boot are great ( water proof, Insolated, steel toe, ETC ). Understand I'm 40years old I've been wearing boots like this all my life. The boot was so Massive I was tripping over curbs and high steps, I just wasn't able to adapt to their size of them fast enough. You cant be out working with boots that cause you pain and could cause you to trip and get hurt.These boots have every possible option you would want on a boot - Insolated, water proof, composite toe, Great traction, thick rugged construction and more. But wow are these boots HUGE. Even though the length was a great fit there was too much extra room inside the boot. They just didn't work for me I had to send them back - Amazon was great about it, they sent me a return label for the boots and are sending me a different pair that I picked out. Even after I wore the boots for 4 days at work.
B006T32HSK Great boot****** You won't go wrong buying this boot.. This boot is Very comfortable and warm.. I have tried many other steel toed boots and hated them all.. You don't even know these boots have them due to the padding
B006T32TKG surprised Very nice and comfortable boot but could use more insulation but other than that great boot should be offered in black also.
B006T32TKG Great boot for the money My son could not find a decent boot as he works in the construction business.  A friend recommended these and they have worked out well.
B006T32TKG Very Comfortable Boot I am on my feet for 12 hours a night and this boot keeps me comfortable all night.  I have noticed a difference in how my back feels after wearing these boots and I would recommend them to anyone.  Only suggest you get your true size for a good fit.
B006ZGV4C6 Very Attractive Boots I've long been a fan of Timberland footwear, but haven't had an occasion to purchase any new shoes from them in a while - basically, because the original footwear I bought has lasted a long time. Looking for a shorter boot with some heel to it, but not an ankle boot, I came across the Earthkeeper Nevali Mid Boot. I love it. It looks great, and is very comfortable, even with the higher heel it is easy to walk in it. The only con is the sizing - I've always had to go up a half or full size with Timberland, especially with shoes with heels, so be aware of that. I am usually a 6.5 but went with a 7.5 in the Timberland boot and it fits perfectly.
B006ZGV4GC Great boot for the money Great boot.... Fits as expected and very comfortable . Shipping was fast.... Can wear with jeans or a skirt... Will look good with anything
B006ZGV9LM Great-looking boot Not quite as comfortable as my other Timberland boots; the ankles feel a little stiff. Otherwise, a great looking boot.
B006ZGV9LM Timberland tall.waterproof boot LOVE THIS BOOT........HAD TO ORDER IT IN ANOTHER COLOR! I wore it all day and it was very comfortable on my feet with a slight arch difference that can be adjusted with a pad.
B006ZGV9LM Snug fit I usually wear a 6.5 sometimes a 7. The boot in a 6.5 was definitely way to snug. Order up. The boot was great though I'm just returning for a larger size
B006ZGV9LM Picture of Black boot is incorrect Be careful when ordering.  The picture of the black boot is incorrect. The picture of the black boot is a wedge.  The wedge style for this boot actually has wedge in the description and can be found at another place on the amazon web site.  I caught it in time to cancel.  Hopefully it goes through.  I was able to place the order correctly the second time around.  Fingers crossed that I will actually receive the wedge boot.
B006ZGV9LM As Good as it Gets I was really just looking for a black tall boot with a heel about 3 inches that would work for everyday...something classic with some design element. These boots are great! They looks like a casual fashion boot with a slightly pebbly matte, nubuck look, but are also waterproof and have great traction. I wore them to work when conditions were icy and snowy and had no problems.The seaming, the little bit of braiding in the back, and the heel make them not look like the typical bad weather frumpy boot.I tried the short boot in this style but it was tight and uncomfortable. I am a true 7 and had to go up to a 7.5 which fits just fine with socks. The width is a bit narrow, (I where a B typically) but I think they will give in no time. My ultra high arches could use an insert but it is not desperate. I wore them a full day first time out of the box.I highly recommend this boot. They are fabulous but do go up from your regular size. Great bargain now too. Best price was on Amazon.
B006ZGV9LM Almost perfect I have been looking for a comfortable heeled boot for a long time.The Timberland Stratham Heights Tall Boot was the answer.It is well made and comfortable. The boot sole is thick and makes walking comfortable, especially since this boot has a 3 1/4 inch heel. The boot opening is perfect for my calves (13 1/2&#34;), with space to tuck a pair of skinny jeans into and a little to spare. However, the boot opening will be small for those with wider calves.The boot is a little narrower than expected. However, I ordered half a size size up and it fits well with slightly more length at the toes. All in all, a great buy!
B006ZGZ9RM Great Boot Very comfortable boot.  I am so happy with this boot.  I have not have not found boots this comfortable for such a reasonable price.  I am very pleased and will purchase more in the future.  Also, shipped super fast and that is always AWESOME!
B006ZGZ9RM Pretty boot Love the look of this boot.  A tiny bit small in fit.  I almost always wear a 7.  After a few hours, the snug fit in toes begins to bother me.  Wish I ordered a 7 1/2.  Great soft lining.  Great quality!! A terrific looking boot!!
B006ZGZ9RM Heel broke off boot after 2 wears This boot looks great, and fit well except for being a bit too tight around my ankles.I am highly disappointed that only after a couple short wears, the heel on the back of the left boot fell off. I have had many pairs of Timberlands and trust them to be good quality boots but am a little dubious now after having this happen. Will NOT be purchasing anymore wedge boots from Timberland.
B006ZGZ9RM Good Looking......But I ordered the boot in a 9.5... Definitely needed to size up a half size. The 10 fit but just not comfortable . Fine in the calves and mine are average . A heavier boot also than I wanted. . However , I do know people who swear by the Timberland boot.....so it might just be my foot. Love the Aquatalia Brand!
B006ZIGRXA Great boot! These boots are great!! I love them and have been wearing them everyday!!! True to size and they are a perfect boot. I get compliments all the time. Good find and well made.
B006ZIGSYS These are the all-around boot! These boots not only feel comfortable but they look so great! Now I'm buying more clothes just to show-off and highlight the Boot!
B006ZIGT4C Comfy Very comfortable foot bed.  They run 1/2 size big.  I wear 8 1/2 solid but had to exchange for 8 which are a little roomy unless I wear thick socks.  I gave them 4 stars because the boot opening is very wide.  Even with boot cut jeans, you can see the boot shape underneath.
B006ZIGYVU Great Purchase This boot is well worth the price. Boot runs a bit small,might be due to light inner lining? I ordered 1/2 a size up. Get compliments everytime I wear them. Good qulity leather,superior stitching!
B006ZIT6QA Great boot! The boot is even better looking in person and is perfect for a snowy/icy environment. The boots size in length is perfect. However, in width, it is tight around the top of the foot. But even when I tried the boots on with the thickest socks, it wasn't unbearable - just needs breaking in. I also have naturally wide feet. Other than that, the boot looks awesome and is comfortable!
B006ZIT6QA Great casual boot! The color is neutral enough to go with most everything. The fit is true to size and very comfortable. The boot is both practical and stylish!
B006ZITF7U Good basic boot I bought this boot first in brown and loved them so much that I bought them again in black. The black pair fits completely different - it is much more narrow and the leather seems a good bit stiffer.
B006ZITOOY Beautiful Boot ! This timberland mid boot design is wonderful and both quility and color of the leather is good. But the heel is a little bit higher.
B006ZIUU8I Nicely constructed boot I ended up returning this boot as I was not able to get my foot into it with the zipper closure. It simply wouldn't open far enough to allow me to angle my foot enough to get the boot on. I would have loved to keep it, but I couldn't wear it. This is the only reason I gave it 3 starts out of 5.
B006ZIV6PY These boots are gorgeous! I purchased the dark brown bc I think that color shows off the many details of this boot so well. They're just a cool boot, at the end of the day. And VERY comfortable. I don't even live in a climate where I need a boot like this, in the least; however, I could not pass this boot up in case of travel or whatnot. An outdoor boot has never been more attractive than this!
B006ZTTV1O Looked ok but sized large Boot looked kind of weird, the tongue of the boot is not loose like a standard work boot. This is more of a slip on with a laces to snug it up. The leather looked very plastic. The size was about 1 size larger than stated.
B006ZTTV1O Nice boots! Not normally of a fan of Chelsea boots (either look too feminine or too cowboy depending on the boot) but I saw these in the store and liked them.  I think the added laces change the overall look of the boot.  I love how easy they slip on and off.Normally I go down by 1/2 a size when I buy Timberland boots but these boots run really narrow and include a removable anti-fatigue footbed so they fit true to my dress shoe size.  I did not have to go down a 1/2 size with these.The only downside is that these are more of a casual boot than an actual work boot.  I think they will last a long time just wearing them day to day, but I don't see them lasting too long actually doing any labor in them.
B006ZTTV1O great boot The construction of this boot is done very well. The boot looks and feels great. If anything, it may run a half size big so keep that in mind when ordering.
B006ZTTV1O Good looking and Comfortable Usually when you get boots they take awhile to break-in, these were comfortable right out of the box. The laces are really only for looks as they are like a slip-on lace up boot. I changed the laces out because the ones that come with the boots are very thin, i replaced with a beefier lace. So far its a great boot.
B006ZUFL30 SUPERIOR HIKING BOOT!!!! Competition is stiff when it comes to selecting a quality hiking boot these days. Timberland absolutely hit a home run with the Timberland Washington Summit Mid Boot! I have owned many different hiking boots/shoes from the likes of Keen, Merrill, Asolo, Hi-Tec, Columbia, and other Timberland models and NONE come close to the superior quality, comfort, and design of this boot. This boot was designed to with stand many, many miles of rugged terrain and the quality is evident from the moment you pull them out of the box. The boots will be a bit stiff initially due to the thick leather but will quickly break in with use. Size was true to fit. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a quality, rugged, comfortable, and waterproof hiking boot that will last. This is perhaps the BEST hiking boot ever made by Timberland and perhaps the best hiking boot of 2012-13!!!
B006ZUFL30 After 20 years of loving Timberland, never again after this boot I have been a faithful customer and fan of Timberland for over 20 years.  I started wearing their boots in high school and would wear them till they possibly couldn't pass for a boot any longer, and then just buy another.  I usually have 2 or 3 different boots/shoes from Timberland at any one time.  And I've always been happy.  Until now.I can't believe Timberland put their name on this boot.  It is very cheaply made.  Within a month the top shoelace clip broke off my boot.  I now can't lace it all the way up.  The toe guard on the front of the boot, I guess to prevent scuffs, started pealing away several months later.  Its still on there pretty good, but you can see white strands coming off of it, which just looks cheap.  The rest of the boot has held up OK, but all in all, it feels and looks cheap.For the price, its amazing how cheaply made the boot looks and wears.  As I said, I've always worn Timberland boots.  No longer.  I will never purchase another boot from Timberland again.  If you love Timberland products, like I did, do yourself a favor, and pass on this boot.
B006ZVM90M Timberland women's mount holly faux fur knee high boot I cannot complain about the quality of the boot, and the seller delivered the boots on time. However, the box the boots came in was torn along the entire bottom of the box. As for the boots I wear a 9 and ordered a 10. The right boot was more narrow than the left boot, and was cutting off the circulation in my foot. I have returned the boots and exchanged them for other boots.
B006ZVM90M In person the boot looks a little scuffed This picture is deceiving, this boot looks very scuffed and old in person. In the process of returning this boot ASAP!
B0070SI95I My third pair of this model of boot Great feeling boot...feels more like a moccasin.  The only complaint is that the soft rubber bottom wears out quickly.  I had my other two pairs re-soled with new Vibram Soles and they're good to go.
B0070SI95I Timberland Men's Earthkeepers The Timberland Earthkeepers are a really good boot. They are comfortable and sturdy. They look great and it was definitely a product that was worth buying. I may even get it in another color... The boot does run a little big so check the sizing chart before you purchase.
B0070SJK60 Best Boot Best boot I have ever purchase. water proof stylish earthkeepers. I think black color looks so good for this boot. but is one thing what i do not like. it is inside smell of boot. something specific.
B0070SJK60 Very uncomfortable I thought I had to break the boot in but it's just the way the boot is built.  I have worn boots all my life and timberland has always been a good boot until this one.  The tounge of the boot is joined all the way through the inside of the boot creating a crease that hurts your ankles by rubbing against them.  I don't recommend these boot for men who wear their boots all day.  If you are looking for a flashy urban look then yes I recommend these boots.
B0070SPKZU Inconsistent manufacturing? I bought these boots for my boyfriend and they seemed great at first. After wearing them a few times, my boyfriend noticed that the inside edge of the tongue of the right boot was digging into his skin and making it really uncomfortable to wear. The left boot was perfectly fine. After inspecting it carefully, I noticed that the inside edge of the tongue of the right boot was about half an inch to an inch longer (it was unsymmetrical), and it was causing a lot of discomfort. It's amazing how such a small thing can make a difference, but I had to cut off a section of the tongue to make it more comfortable to wear. We didn't want to bother with shipping it back and asking for an exchange.Still, it's a great boot and we'll probably be buying another one soon.
B0070SU4GK Great Boot Never know when you order size 15 boots if they will be a good fit or comfortable. These are a great looking and comfortable boot.
B0070SU4GK Work boot look-a-like Good looking boot at first, but after several wearings, leather color fades. The leather doesn't respond very well to shoe polish. If the characteristics of the leather were different, I'd buy this boot again. The price I paid from Amazon is $20 cheaper than the advertised price at Territory Ahead!
B0070SVW3Y great boot! This boot was comfortable from the first minute i put it on - they look great and feel even better!
B0071DQTAO Light weight boot Fit is good. Lightweight boot. Was not as high up the ankle as I would have liked.More like a shoe than boot.
B0072AE45S Not a Fan of this Timberland boot Boots are cheap hence the price.. I recommend Timberland Field Boot Helcor or Scuff Proof. This boot is just simple.
B0072AFBKK Sleek Boot This pair of boots meets both my expectation, for comfort and support. Great walking, and hiking boot. Looks good too.
B0072AFBKK Stylish work boot Good looking work boot but sole separated from leather after two months. Seems to be a little thin so you need warm socks to wear with them. Lacing at top is awkward but not uncomfortable. Overall satisfied with the boot for the price.
B0072BOHCC Good Boot. This boot is a very comfortable boot. I sent these boots to my daughter in Germany. My daughter loves these boots.Good product!!
B0074DUN6M Great price for a Great classic boot! Stylish classic hiking boot. Can never go wrong with Timberland Eurohikers, been rocking these since the 90's and they never go out of style. Highly recommend.
B0074DURY0 Great Boot I love the boot!! The seller was timely in deliverance of my pkg. I just can't seem to get my size correct. I have very small feet & euro timberland only is available in boys. So size adjustment has been a challenge with sz. Conversion. Excelent product. I highly recommend for anyone who needs light weight comfort in a boot:)
B007782V1O good boot for wider feet I love this kind of work boot style. I wanted more of a chunky heel though and this boot was extremely wide. The angle of the heel didnt work for me. A little more narrow, and about a half in higher it would've felt comfortable any where..
B007782V1O Timberland Women's Authentics fleece Boot, Black, 10 W US These fit as expected.  Shoe material feels good.  Only four stars because the laces that camce with the boot were not long enough to tie after going through the top loop.
B007782V1O Great Shoe I just got out of a surgical boot that I wore for 6 weeks and was looking for a shoe that was comfortable and that offered plenty of support,  This boot fit the bill perfectly.  Extremely happy with this boot
B007784JI2 Nice looking boot great price durable,  comfortable and fashionable boot for casual wear.  timberland boots are always a great product this boot is no different.
B007784JI2 mixed review great looking boot and comfortable - but appears that part of one sole is separating after only 2 weeks of wear.  Possibly not a well made boot?  will wait and see awhile longer iof the boots hold up.
B007784JI2 Great boot Boot looked better than expected. Light weight but seems durable. Only had two weeks but and no complaints. Good job.
B007784JI2 Comment on Timerland Men's Rime Ridge Mid Waterproof Boot It is that I like of dislike the boots since they were returned. They ran a bit narrow and my husband needed the boot in a 13W. The boot did not come in a 13W. Therefore, I ordered another Timberland for him.
B007784JI2 Good boot! Great boot, not the most appealing to the eye, but after all....it is a boot. Very durable and warm. Would recommend  to others.
B0077SY810 Dressy and comfortable boot The boots are extremely comfortable. I wear a 15, so there are not many choices. It is either - super dressy boot or work boot. These are in between. They definitely are unique looking. Get a size smaller, without question. I am a full 15 and these 14s fit perfectly.
B007EFDGJQ well built boot the boot was a little small. Maybe I needed to order one with a wide toe box. My friend loved it so he bought it off me, I will be ordering another set soon
B007EFDTSY Great boot and comfy! Awesome boot fits as it should but durability it wears down quickly, I work for FedEx and safety toe boots is a must for kicking locks in the aircraft. The boot is comfy I can tell you that but it didnt last me, I have 3 months with these and my right boot is already torn and showing its fiberglass composite toe protection which is not a good thing. As for other boots i bought in the past none of this has happen to me.
B007EFDTSY Great Boot Be Wary of Fit! Great boot but is your foot is even just a smidge toward D/E/EE width look at another choice.  Boot runs just a bit narrow.
B007EFDTSY Comfy Boot This boot is extremely comfortable and breaks in pretty easily!  I don't have many complaints other than I wish it would breath a little easier!
B007TGA2JM Fashionable and Very Functional! I had reservations about buying this boot because, although I found them to be quite fashionable, Timberland has always ran a bit too narrow for comfort. This boot did not disappoint! They are quite comfortable. I wore them for 8 hours without discomfort. And, the bonus is they tuck skinny jeans in perfectly to make the look unforced and fashionable. I wore them on a stormy day and they still look new! Very satisfied with this pretty boot!
B007TGA2JM Love it Great boot she love it, nice fit & look. Great looking boot. The price was great. Brought boot for my daughter.
B007TGA2JM nice boot! I decided on the timberland boot over another lace up boot similar in apperance but much more expensive. I wear an 8 and the boot fits perfect. I am small with thin muscular calves and the boot still laces up nicely. I really like the light weight and it was one of the decision makers in deciding which boot. Every time I wear them I get complements on them. The weather here in VT has been in the 20's and 30's with light snow and some slippery conditions and not once have I slipped in them. Although I won't wear them in deeper snow or real cold they're perfect for shopping/everyday.
B007TGA2JM Not worth the money I was super excited about the style of this boot but the quality is seriously disappointing.  The tongue of the boot is not even sewn up past the eyelets. I like beautiful leather and this is not. It feels cheap and looks cheap. Not at all what I'd expect from the price. I'd be surprised if they lasted through the winter. Sending them back right now - barely out of the box.
B007TGA2JM Super Stylish Boot These construction colored Timberlands are truly stylish. The cut, durability and gold hooks on the boot add such a tough but stylish touch to construction boots. I managed well in the snow, rain and sleet with these boots. Although it took a couple days for the boot to shape to the contours of my feet so I could walk more comfortably, I would certainly recommend this boot to anyone buying. But always be mindful that when you purchase such a color (tan) all sorts of scratches, marks and color fades will happen within a few days. The beautiful tan will not last forever. Hope this was helpful.
B008M2MGSC Outstanding Boot for winter weather I would recommend these boots very lightweight and comfortable. This boot meets all the requirements for a winter not to big just right
B008N7H654 Intervale Ventilated Boot Boot is a bit of an exaggeration; they are a solid, lightweight, everyday shoe with a hiking sole. They are a bit tight at first, but loosen up after the first week of wear. I especially like their featherweight.
B008TM6ESS Great boot. Sturdy, well constructed work boot. Very comfortable. Tiny bigger than most of my other size 16 boots, but not even by a half size I don't think. Great boot. Will buy again! -brian
B008UQ5ISA Nice light weight boot Like the color and that the boot is light weight.Runs a little big- but it's okay- cause my son is growing fast!Not a lot of arch support- but a good looking boot for school!
B008VPU0GK Nice boot !!!!! Really light and comfortable for leather boot and water proof a plus i love all Timberland shoes and clothing very well made products.
B008VPU0GK not very satisfecgo with this product the rubber tip of the boot is very easy detachment of the quality was not as I expected to be a waterproof boot and high performance as the service I think soon deteriorates
B008VPU0GK Not a bad boot  for the price you pay The boot fits a little smell and not too comfortable but after you break it and he gets to be okay
B008VPU0GK On pair # 4 Keep returning to this make model of lightweight boot for overall wear-ability. Sure I have other styles/brands of footwear but this is my go to boot for everyday wear. c
B008VPU0GK Perfect Tactical Boot For a an active life style, this is the perfect boot.  It is light and is great in any condition.  I would recommend this boot to anyone!
B00910UVGS Not a good boot This boot is not really an 11,if you want to wear a wool sock or any thing other then a dress sock you must order a size bigger.. I thought I was getting a winter boot that was supposed to be made to handle the cold. I am not impressed it will keep your feet dry it seems but that is about it..I see boots like this at Wal-Mart for $20.00, that would be a great price not what they are asking..Not what was advertized at all buyer beware I guess..I hate getting ripped off..
B0091HJZQI Good Work Boot Overall this is a good boot. The size 12 is larger than my other size 12 shoes and boots but it still fits okay. I had intended to use this as an everyday boot like I did with my Keens but it's just too heavy. I should have noticed the weight before ordering.It will still get used as a work boot when I'm moving heavy things or working with power equipment. I ended up getting another pair of Keen boots to wear everyday because I haven't found anything that matches the fit and comfort of Keen.
B0091HKWHY Right boot The boots seem to be pretty comfortable and light for a safety toe boot.My only issue is the tongue on the right boot where it meets the boot digsinto my ankle, not sure if it's a sewing defect or what but it gets pretty sore by theend of the day. I'm hoping with a little more time that spot will soften up and won't bean issue.
B009OL2L94 Don't let the heavy boot look fool you!  This is actually a light weighted boot I was extremely surprised on how lightweight this boot is compared to my other Timberland boots. The fit was perfect thanks to the wide size option. More comfortable than my other boots. Hopefully, this boot will fair well in wet weather.
B009OL2L94 very nice boot My girl friend say it was very comfortable boot even walking couple hours.It's beautiful and fit with jeans.She like it very much.
B009OL2L94 Not the best quality This boot although cute, seems more like a glorified gym shoe than a rugged boot. The leather is not the best and the  construction didn't seem that sturdy.  If you're looking for a fashion accessory this might suit, but if you are looking for a sturdy working boot I suggest looking elsewhere.  I found the Ariat Canyon to be perfect for my needs.
B009OL2L94 Light weight These Timberlands are very light, great for walking and if you like sneakers. They do not have a wide boot toe, there is some tapering and looks like a women's boot! Fit exactly as sized. They also came with 2 shoe laces, black and purple, so one can change laces if wanted. These are not cold weather boots. Very comfortable, can be worn all day, inside too. My only problem was that these Timberlands were made in China, when I thought Tim's was a US company ( used to be ). I recommend them for anyone looking for light weight, non-bulky, great with jeans boot.
B009OL2L94 GREAT BOOT This boot fits true to size and is very comfortable.  The look of the boot is very stylish and the gray arrived with both gold and gray laces to pick and choose!
B009PNJW5C Couldn't buy a better boot! There is nothing bad that can be said about these boot.s.They are excellent all round and I am definitely going to buy the black as well.I would definitely recommend these.
B00A27DADU great boot Im familiar with this boot its great very comfortable durable would definitely get another pair the new wave of helcor is the rite way to go.
B00A27DADU GREAT BOOT'S !!! These Boot's are Great.  They are a little stiff on the new side but wear in to fit soon.  Well insulated, Very good laces (They do not come un-tied).  The lining will protect your feet.  I suggest wearing thick sock's in cold weather due to they will make your feet sweat because they are well lined and built.  No con's , GOOD BOOT'S.  Give them a week of use to fit your feet.  Well made and I believe they will hold up well.  GREG
B00ABN8YVS Timberland Field Boot for Kids I loved the boot. It was what I was looking for. I couldn't find it in any stores, so I looked on Amazon and there it was. No complaints, and I am a loyal customer to Amazon, and instead of going to the store I will just go online.
B00AQLQ05W Beautiful well-made boot My daughter picked out this boot for back to school. It is a very handsome and well-made boot that she wears whenever possible. She has received many compliments on it and it is very comfortable. We did order 1/2 a size larger than she probably needed. Also--when first trying on the boot--you must remember to pull the tongue of the boot up -- otherwise it can feel funny on the top of the foot.
B00AQMDTAK Good quality, terrible design There is an inside leather fold, under the zipper that seals the boot from water. This leather strap folds when you zip the boot, hurts the ankle and makes the shoe unwearable. This is a narrow boot, there is no place for anything, but leg and sock, there is no extra space for this fold. Going back!
B00AR3GB9O Very nice I ordered this boot for my 7 years old son. It fits as seller's described size and everything was good as photo in amazon. I am happy to buy suitable boot for chilly winter. BTW, we are in Mongolia which most coldest country. This boot is OK with warm socks in -20 degree now.
B00AR4HHNW defective I greatly distressed. Two boots defective.In his right boot hole and get out the glue. In the left punctures from line one on the inner side and the inner line, climbed out on the outside of his boot. And in the left boot, crooked glued insole.The child remained without boots.Boots sent outside the U.S.
B00AR4HHNW Great Buy Beautiful, comfortable and durable boot for a young child with a larger foot. Grandchild loved the style of the boot
B00AR4HHNW timberland boot this boot fits snug and you need a thin sock with it not a winter sock.  not much room for the arch to push the foot down into the boot.  overall construction is nice and well made. would advice anyone to get a wide width
B00AR58UIC Great boot Love this sturdy good looking boot, looks good on both sex'sI've had few pair and these are really weather proof
B00AR59MBQ Timberland 6 inch Quilt Boot This boot was much lighter than I expected.  I have always been a Timberland fan but thought the regular wheat Timberlands would be too heavy for my 6 year old.  I am very pleased with the material.  Would purchase again.
B00AW7M97S Tight at first but really stretches to a perfect fit I almost returned this boot when I tried it on the first time but after reading some other reviews, I decided to wear it around the house hoping it would stretch out. It did! I'm glad I gave it a shot because I love it, it's a great boot.
B00AW7M97S Too Tight This boot looks great in person. I bought these for my daughter as a Christmas gift. She was not able to wear them at all, I'm a 7 with a relatively narrow foot I had to struggle to get this boot on. It's pretty tight on the top of the foot and shaft of the boot.  Sorry we have to return them.
B00AW7M97S Nice, but not what I need. I am looking for a high performance work boot. This boot is made well. Has a classic look that won't go out of style. If I was only using this boot casually then I would consider keeping it.  A few things I didn't like: My foot is too wide for these boots. (When flat on the floor, the broadest part if my foot is 3 and 7/8 inches.)  They were very tight around my toes. No room to move around. The tongue beneath the laces is not attached to the boot on the sides. ( I need something that is attached so as to not allow dirt or liquid to penetrate to my socks.)
B00AW7M97S Savin Hill Mid Lace Boot I give this boot 3 stars because it is a beautiful, classy boot that runs small and narrow.  I wear a true size 8M.  I tried this boot in 8M and it was incredibly tight and with no wiggle room for my toes.  The 8W may have fit; however, I was unable to find that size, so I exchanged it for a size 8.5M.  Alas, the width was fine, but the boot was too long.  I had to return it.
B00AW7M97S Great boot! I love this boot! They fit perfect and are most comfortable! Also,they were priced just right and I got a good deal!
B00AW7M97S Love them! I feel like unlike others my boot were true to fit. I wish they were just a half an inch taller but otherwise I love them.  Great all day boot.  One of the reasons for choosing this boot was they are all season.
B00AW7M97S Beautiful boot, exactly as pictured I have no complaints about this boot. I've had them for several months and I have had no issues. The leather was soft from the get-go; it only took two wears to have them broken in. A nice slim profile boot that is not at all bulky.
B00AW7M97S gorgeous functional boot i had been looking for a cute boot that had a bit of a tread on the bottom but still feminine. this is that boot! i sized up to a 7 from a 6.5 after reading some reviews that said they ran small/narrow. that was a good choice because while the 7 is comfortable, it is definitely not too big and with socks, they'll fit perfectly. the leather is gorgeous...exactly the reddish brown in the pictures. i have a narrow calf and these fit perfectly, not too &#34;gappy&#34;. the zipper is sturdy and seems like good quality. i love the general shape of the boot. i was worried it might resemble a men's workboot but that is not the case. it is a feminine, functional, everyday beautiful boot!
B00AW7M97S If you are on the fence just buy it I had my eyes on this boot for 2 1/2 months but i saw it on Athleta for 180.00 i then saw it on amazon for 116.00 and with a promo code got the boot for 95.00. it is a very well made boot and  super comfortable to walk in all day. i wear a size seven in new balance, Jeffery Campbell and i ordered a seven in this shoe it hit perfectly.
B00AW7M97S Great Quality Boot Great boot  - fit is on the narrow side so this would not be a good boot for a wider foot or thicker calf. Very well made, nice details, color is lovely. Happy with this purchase.
B00AW7M97S just a great. ....boot I absolutely love my new boot it fits amazing and the quality is just great . Would definitely recommend this to friends.
B00AW7M97S Nice casual boot for everyday wear This boot is very comfy and has just the right amount of personality.  It's looks good paired with shorts and tights, jeans, and dresses and skirts.  They are great for everyday wear and for walking around the city.
B00AW7M97S Comfortable high TECH boot! TIMBERLAND has a technology to make your step comfortable (check out the video at the Timberland website). This boot is not only CUTE it FEELS GREAT waring it and WALKING in it. Timberland is making a DIFFERENCE with such smooth step.
B00AW7M97S Great Boot!! This is a beautiful boot. The height is about mid calf which is nice. My only issue with it is that I wish the entire boot was leather, instead of having the suede at the heel and on the buckle. Otherwise, glad I purchased this.
B00AW7M97S I'm in love! This boot is everything I was expecting.  I read all the reviews before purchasing, and therefore ordered a 9.  I usually wear an 8 1/2, but I'm noticing that since having babies, that my feet now prefer 9's sometimes.  With these boots- the 9 are perfect.  Don't panic when you first try these on- I did.  They felt very stiff and were a bit uncomfortable in the heel at first, but I just kept them on for about 20 minutes and they broke in quickly and were super comfortable after that.  Great quality boot.  This was my first Timberland purchase- and won't be my last.
B00AW7RBGC Great Boot This boot fit perfect.  It was just what I was looking for.  However the summary on Amazon says it is Leather, I didnt see anything on the boot or box that says it is.  That being said it is a high quality, nicely made boot. I always wear a size 8 in boots and that is what I ordered, and it fit perfect.  Wore them out walking in Vegas right after I got them and they were very comfortable.  There was no adjustment period at all, felt great as soon as I put them on.
B00AW7RBGC Wow!!! Love this boot, so comfortable, great with skinny jeans.  Note on other reviews - it's supposed to have a large ankle opening, that's the style.  My 9.5-10 wide foot fit a 9.5 M just fine, and after two wears the leather boot has stretched to fit perfectly.  I'm so pleased with this boot!
B00AW8HF9Y My Winter Boots!! I purchased these boots to wear with shorter skirts and dresses for work and for everyday kind of wear.  I wanted a tall, easy to put on, attractive, waterproof, simple, lug type soled boots for wear in our slippery, wet and cold Chicago winters.  And that is exactly what I got with this boot.  I know I can wear them in slush and snow without getting cold or wet, and the footing is fantastic for the iced over sidewalks that develop after a few freeze/thaw cycles we get here all winter.I find the finish on the boot very attractive...not shiny, almost suede, but not really....so even after a hard day outdoors in the rain/snow/slush a quick wipe with a wet sponge leaves me with a clean boot to wear the next day.  So far this boot has not reacted to the salt products that are on the streets and sidewalks.I find this boot very comfortable.  I am 5'9" with a long leg.  I love the length of the boot shaft...tall enough for my long leg.  It might be a bit tall for a woman under 5'5"...This boot also has plenty of room for warm, thick socks to be worn without my foot getting pinched.  The first time I put the boot on I thought it might be a bit snug but as I wore it that day the boot molded to my foot in a way that was most comfortable.I would highly recommend this boot as a stylish black boot, not dressy...but great looking with pants, skirts and dresses.  I believe I will wear this boot in the fall, winter AND cooler spring days.
B00AW8HF9Y Great looking, trim boot I was looking for a simple boot with a cushy feel and thought a Timberland product would deliver as I have Timberland ballet flats that are terrific.  Plus, other reviews noted the very slim profile which is just what I need for my birdlike calves!  While this boot is indeed simple and elegant, the leather is stiff, almost cardboard-like and the sole is not as thick or as comfortable as I want for a walkable boot.  If you have slim legs and don't need boots for heavy duty walking, these might fill the bill.  I returned them, sorry to say.
B00AW8J5RE Disappointed. I can't even get my foot in the boot. I normally wear a 7 and ordered a 7. I don't know if getting the wider boot size would help....But the boot looks awesome!
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot!! I saw these boots in another magazine for $100 more than on Amazon.  The boot is sexy yet functional, I could even take a walk in the woods with my dogs and then go shopping in the city with these boots.I would recommend these to anyone.
B00AW8JG9G Must have boot! I love this boot!  They are so comfortable, I spent a 10 hour work day in them and felt great.  The color is fabulous, I got a great price, my only wish is that they came in other colors!
B00AW8JG9G Very comfy & stylish boot Fantastic, fit perfectly, love them! I was very specific about what I wanted & Timberland delivered. Very comfy & stylish boot.
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot The boot has a little larger toe box which makes it very comfortable, especially if you have any kind of toe issues.  The detail up the back of the boot was a surprise to me.  I couldn't see it on the web picture as it was black on black, but I love it.  Many compliments have been received.
B00AW8JG9G Nice, sturdy boot. This boot is very high quality and made out of thick leather.  I can use it in very cold weather and when it is raining as it does not let weather through (at least for the &#34;normal&#34; use in the rain).  It would even keep me fairly warm in days when there would be unexpected snow fall.The only thing I wasn't expecting was that the boot itself isn't as tall as I would have ideally liked.  It is written in the specifications, but  I imagined that boot would go up to my knee... in reality it falls about an inch or two under my knee. (I'm 5'8'', size 9).Great boot though!!
B00AW8JG9G Love them What a great boot. Great fit, nice leather, comfortable.  All you could ask for in a riding boot.It's now my favorite.
B00AW8JG9G Too short, thought they were a little taller, the boot was pretty but not the quality I would have expected. The size 7 fit well, but were not tall enough and I thought the uneven top was unflattering on my leg.  Not the quality I was expecting.  Returned, now looking at the frye melissa button boot.  Not having much luck finding just the right boot, finding it hard to shop on line as boots really need to be tried on, second pair I have returned, will give frye a chance.
B00AW8JG9G Great boot. The calf was too tight for me but I loved the boot and it was well made. The back design gave the boot an interesting detail.  I would love to find this boot with a roomier calf area.
B00AW8JL0A Boot is just ok, not great After reading the reviews that often claimed the boots ran small, I decided to order a 10 instead of 9.5. I should have stuck with the 9.5 as I guess I have a narrow foot. Size wise the 10s are fine with a heavy long sock but I do not find them particularly comfortable. I bought them a an alternative to a heavier bulkier snow boot I have been wearing but find I often return to my heavy boot due to comfort and warmth. These boots, I guess due to waterproofing and lack of absorbing lining make my feet sweat and then they get cold when outside. They do look nice and are versatile. I did keep them but would not order again or reccommend them as good winter boot. I frankly don't think Timberlands are made as well as they were 15-30 years ago.
B00AW8JL0A Narrower Great quality strudy boot with good tread. I have a regular to slightly wide foot and this boot was too tight across the bottom of the toe area
B00AW8K0WI Timberland Boot Great looking boot, but way too small and narrow. Couldn't even get my foot into boot. very disappointed because they sure look great.
B00AW8K0WI I LOVE this boot I LOVE this boot. Having been impressed with the High Putnam Boot I decided to get the Mid Boot too and am just as pleased with them.My standard shoe size is 38, however on the basis of the reviews I ordered 38.5 for both boots and they fit me perfectly. They are slightly rigid feeling around the ankle at first but after a few hours of wear this disappears and you have the most comfortable boot to see you through what the weather throws at you. What I particularly like about the Mid Boot is that proportionally it looks better than the High Boot on my short legs!My job means that I am on my feet a lot and am in and out of doors. I need a boot that can handle wet weather and some fairly rough surfaces and still have me looking presentable for meetings. The Putnam (both High and Mid) ticks these boxes AND is supremely comfortable. Between them they have rendered all my other footwear obsolete!
B00AZPO90W Great boot The shoe fits great just as you sized it. your sizing chart works great!. I recommend the premium chukka boot
B00AZPO90W Returned You can never go wrong with Timberland. All in all the boot was great. However, I returned the boot due to me needing a wider size.
B00AZPPEQ0 Perfect All Around Boot Most comfortable boot I have ever owned. Previously, the Clark (Originals) Desert boot was the most comfortable, but this one takes the cake.The boot is still fairly new to me, but so far, so good. I would definitely recommend this boot for others wanting a light, sturdy, stylish, all around boot.Sizing wise, and similar to Clarks, it is recommended that you purchase a .5 size down. I find this to be very true when compared to athletic shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 didn't like the style and they looked worn The boot looked to be worn or old didn't like the style i will be looking for a different style of boot on your site
B00AZPPEQ0 Great boot, runs half size large I was looking for a classy boot that I could wear to work but wouldn't worry about all the walking and weather outside. This boot fits the bill. With the pant leg over it, it just looks like you are wearing a standard oxford shoe. Looks and feels great. Would definitely recommend to all looking for it.
B00AZPQV6C Bad experience. The boots were great lookin. They are a very tight design. My problem with them was when I got them ( and I've been wearing boots for over 15yrs....I know my boot size) the left boot fit as expected, but the right boot was made....too small? Literally if you held the boots sole to sole the right was made smaller. The right boot was not created properly. I was going to be charged shipping even though it was the vendors mess up, if it wasn't for the fact that I was lucky enough to notice one of the eyelets had adhesive coming out of it, already dried. A bad experience.
B00AZPQV6C Excellent boot I purchased this boot for work. The fit is great and they look nice. Very comfortable. I like the rubber soles and the warmth for New England winters.
B00AZPQV6C Nicest Timberland Boot that I have seen! I have been a loyal timberland boot wearer for the past 3-4 years.  I had the classic boot in black and got full usage out of them but always hated the fact that they were so heavy/clunky.  I wanted a new boot that was more light weight and easy to put on/off.  After searching the amazon catalog i came across this model and knew it would be much lighter and easier to wear.  Sure enough it is everything i hoped for and still has the classic casual+classy timberland look.  If you want a boot that isnt so heavy and bulky and more of a light weight aerodynamic option then these are your best bet!
B00AZPQV6C Good quality boot Runs about 1/2 size bigger, so down size.  The brown boots were same color as picture. They were a great buy. I would recommend to these to anyone looking for great looking casual boot.
B00AZPQV6C Great boot Great boot for the price. I found that the boot is about 1/2 size to big. The boot is a bit long, but looks good.
B00AZPS9W6 Nice Boot Bought these for my boyfriend and he said he received several compliments on the boot. He liked them so I guess they were a good pick
B00B02THKQ love this boot I have been looking for a boot  like this for quite some time.  I was very happy to find it for a very reasonable price.  The boot fits very well and is extremely comfortable.  I am considering buying a second pair in a different color.  They arrived in a timely manner also.  I would  recommend these boots to  to anyone looking  for a good buy.
B00B7FHH3U My favorite work boot and I've tried most of them!!!!!! I wear around a 10.5 M and an 11 W fits me perfect. As the gentlemen below pointed out about the boot coming apart, at the toe piece, the same thing happened to me and my work partner and we had on the same boot but different colors. It seems to start to come apart and then dosn't go much further. I definitly agree this shouldn't happen and certainly dosn't look to good but the boot does remain funtional. I give boot 5 stars because of the fit (no break in time)/ comfort. As well as looks and descent wet traction and very good dry traction. TO TIMBERLAND.........PLEASE FIX THE GLUE PROBLEM!!!!!!
B00B7FHH3U Great work boot. Keeps feet dry and sturdy construction while comfortable.  Another great boot from Timberland.  A little expensive but worth the money.
B00B7FJV8O Good Boot This is a good boot. It is a little bit heavier duty than I thought but it is overall a comfortable fit.I haven't had any really cold weather to check the insulation but expect it to be good as well.Very little break in and is o.k. in just a couple of days..not stiff like others.Would be an o.k.hunting or hiking boot in rough terrain.I would buy again.
B00B7GF1LY One great boot I seen some reviews on timerlands website that was not even close about these boots. one guy said he had 20 pairs of tp and gave this boot a bad review. He said that the heel cuts into the back of your foot. iv never had this problem. I have wore nothing but timberlands for the last 7 years. And i think these are one of the best boots they make. I do know these boots have to be broke in because the leather is thicker than lined boots. they are a great boot.
B00B7H57J4 Good overall tac boot These are very comfortable after break in which for me was about a week. They are lite, seem to be made of good quality. I love the side zip with the laces, these are way easier to slip on and off this way. I wear these 10hrs a day for work which is 70% on my feet and in various conditions of outdoor and indoor with all sorts of terrain the boot handles it all pretty good. The reason I only give a 4 star is that the boot has rather thick insulation, I purchased this for warmer weather as in 90+ degree temps 5 months a year. Despite being a desert style/color boot they are definitely not a warm climate type boot, none of my research on the boot or description on the site illustrated this was an insulated ie colder climate boot.
B00B7H5M4O good boot needs upgrade zipper Nice boot but don't let zipper get durty at all had two pair zipper broke on both in less then two weeks.
B00B9PA37A Great Boot Great Boot and recommend the boot to anyone that is looking for a comfortable boot and looks great with any wardrobe.
B00B9PA37A A  high quality boot with good looks. Worth the money because this is a superior product from a well respected company. Replaced a boot ordered from Lands End that was too narrow. Paid more but am well satisfied.
B00B9PADWA Excellent Boot Style and comfort Great looking boot is comfortable. It's not lined so likely not to be worn outside during cold winter. Waterproof them before going out in wet weather. Look great with jeans or more dressed up.
B00B9PADWA Good looking boot.. I purchased this boot as a Christmas gift for my husband. I really like the way the boot looks on him. He says the fit is comfortable; and the boot is stylish. My only concern is the mere disappointment I experienced with shipping. I ordered the shoe on 12/16 and didn't receive it until 12/30.  I blame this on the time of the year. Other than that, it was a good purchase.
B00B9PADWA Great classic boot. A design that dates back to Victorian times! This is a great boot from Timberland,no complaints here. Very good construction a very good value for the price. At 9 and a half I had no problem with the sizing. Keep in mind in most cases boots require a breaking in period. Like a bronco the effort is worth it, excellent boot to knock around in. I also ordered the Mount Washington, more expensive I wonder how they'll differ,expecting the same fine quality plus. It's a shame that their not made in the states. Rock on!!
B00B9PADZ2 Great boot Love this boot. Be sure to get some saddle soap to keep them polished. Do it bi-weekly. They do scratch easy if you aren't careful and end up kicking things on accident.
B00B9PADZ2 A dressier alternative to Dr Martens Really comfortable boot. ordered a half size smaller, as I do with all boots I buy, and the fit is perfect. If your looking a boot that looks like a boot, but that also can double as dress up or casual dress up, this is it. A lot more versatile than Dr Martens in my opinion. I only gave it four stars because I definitely have concerns about its durability. The stitching on the boot does not seem all that secure or well designed. Also, the coloring of the burgundy seems a little blotchy, not like it was intentional but rather that it was poorly done, and there was some coloring that spilled over on to the upper part of the sole. Overall really nice boot despite its shortcomings, would definitely buy these again.
B00B9PADZ2 Great Boots.  Nice fit Great boot.  Really soft leather uppers.  The extra width made them a perfect fit. Would recommend them to anyone looking for a good looking, comfortable and stylish boot.
B00B9PADZ2 Good casual boot Great looking boot. Pretty easy break in. This is NOT a work boot, this is a good looking casual boot that looks great with jeans and khakis.
B00B9PADZ2 classic and comfy This is my first boot since my high school punk rock days. The last pair of boot I had was doc. I was thinking about getting another pair of doc, but they are now made in China (not cool). So instead I got these and it fit like a glove. I do have to agree with one of the review, it does runs a bit large so I got a half size small. This boot is more comfy than other most boots that cost 2 to 3 hundreds.
B00B9PADZM Excellent! Love the boot. fits well, they give black laces in case you think orange it too flashy. A great boot for the outdoors
B00B9PADZM wow - such boot. Timberland offers a great boot with this product. They are warm, fit well, and have a very timeless look to them. The only draw back was my boots came with a slight scuff on the inside of my right foot. I figured since they are going to get a lot of outdoor use they're going to get banged up anyway - so no worries there.Buy this boot and enjoy it. As long as you aren't using them for hardcore ditch digging they'll serve you great!
B00B9PIUS4 Tongue tears off very soon I thought timberland would be of top notch quality but doesnt appers so. The tongue of the right boot tore off just after 4-5 wears in the first month. This was because the tongue is made of 2 separate pieces of leather which is very flimsy. The rest of the boot seems fine and well constructed but that is a big turn off. Retuiend and purchase caterpillar orson boot instead
B00B9PIUS4 Cool boot, bad sizing. The sizing was off. I wear an 11 in shoes, 10 and a half in boots. I found that the 9 and a half in this boot was perfect.
B00B9PIUS4 Great boot, extremely comfortable and good looks but runs large These boots are exactly what I was looking for; looks and function without bulk. Be warned though, After reading a lot of reviews about this boot, saying they run large, I bought a size smaller than I would in any other boot and I am glad I did, because I can wear thick socks and they still have room. If you buy them knowing this, they will not let you down. I would not buy these for heavy duty use, but in a chilly wet climate like we have in Seattle, they will be perfect for providing good looks and warmth. I did spray them with leather waterproofing as a precaution. These
B00B9PJBDC Timberland Mens Eartkeepers Original Pull on Boots PERFECT fit beautiful boot I have had this boot for years timberland is great shoe company would buy again Hopefully it stays available.
B00B9PJBDC Impressive boot The boot is well made.  Looks great with jeans and casual wear.  Very comfortable.  Definitely worth the money.  First time ordering shoes on-line.  I am very pleased.
B00B9PJBDC Great Casual Boot Great casual boot.  Light weight.  Fits true to size and comfortable.  I have slightly wider feet but not enough for a wide size in a shoe.  I was looking for a brown Chelsea style boot and tried Dr. Martens Work 8250 (no support) and Born Mac (tight on the top of my foot).  Fits similar to the Timberland PRO Five Star Regent.
B00B9PJBDC great comfortable Looking for a good slip on boot for the winter to wear with jeans and these did the job.  Highly recommended.
B00B9PM53U Unique, Simple, Nice Boot For The Money Jan 26, 2014: Great reviews for this boot! So the price is raised 54% in 5 weeks over the price that I paid. Just plain GREED by the seller! Maybe the solution is to always write poor reviews for a good product and the price will drop so we get a good product at a fair price. My lesson:all future reviews from me will get no better than 3 stars and notable complaints.Jan 7: More impressions/experience since my initial review: I bought felt insoles (size 13) from Amazon, larger than the boot size (11.5), they fit well without trimming. I have been in 8" of snow/slush and subzero temps in these boots now several times. These boots are waterproof. There is no claim of insulation, yet with medium weight socks and a small airspace at the toes, these boots are the warmest I have ever owned. Enjoy a great boot!Dec 31: I searched online for several hours and eliminated all but this model boot. This is a plain looking hiking boot and it is wearing as I had hoped. The size is exact and easily wide enough for me, a D width. Workmanship appears good, sturdy. I especially like the waterproof feature, not tested yet.  I ordered a half size larger and added felt liners with medium to heavy socks. I have worn these boots about 7 times on hard, smooth surface exercise walks, for a total of about 25+ miles. No foot or boot problems. Very comfortable, medium weight boots that hold well on ice/snow from deep rubber cleats. For me the boot sole flex is important for motion comfort, these are a medium flex, not too soft and not rigid either. They are easy to clean, lace tight from the top down thru D rings. This boot design/model was not available from stores.  I paid $70. and free shipping from Amazon. I am expecting these new hiking boots to last for several years, making them a great value for the money. I may regret not buying a second pair now, I cannot match these features in other available boots.
B00B9PM53U Great boot I bought this boot for my son and he was happy to have them.  Very stylish and this is exactly what the teens are wearing these days.  They also got his right on time as expected.
B00B9PM56C runs small i sold timberlands, rockports, and sorel boots in retail for years and i couldn't believe how small this boot runs. i had to return it and bought the white ledge mid ankle boot had the hooks at the top of the boot switched out for standard eyelets and i'm much happier with this boot.
B00B9PM56C Great boot except for the strings. The boots are excellent, but....why not put some quality strings on a quality boot? The flat slippery strings that come with make it difficult to maintain the tightness as  you lace up the boots. So, I'll just get those round, sturdy, work boot type strings as a substitute.Not a prob, these are great boots.
B00B9PM56C nice boot This boot is comfortable, warm And waterproof.Its got all you need, go ahead and buy it!Compared to all the boots i had this one out lived all
B00B9PM56C Unpredictable traction I read many of the reviews posted here and bought based on them, so I'm disappointed that my experience has been different than other reviewers.  Firstly, I understood that most boots are sized large so I purchased a half size down from my shoe size and the boot fits fine.  It's very comfortable in fact, and that's probably the best thing about it.I haven't been able to significantly test the waterproofing but have walked through some puddles without any problems.My main issue with the boot is that it loses traction very unpredictably and often.  It seems fine on concrete and even some snow covered surfaces, but then without warning I find myself slipping, sometimes in snowy or wet conditions but sometimes on dry floors (tile, brick, others).  I wonder if this is due to the &#34;recycled&#34; material so proudly advertised, or whether the boot needs to be broken in further.  As of now I cannot recommend this boot as I feel it is a hazard, but perhaps in a few weeks it will seem better.
B00B9U0FQE The Basic Black Boot for All Weather ! Great Looking Boot, comfortable with good padding inside....Not an ankle boot but a bit higher...I purchased a 1/2 size smaller than my normal size and they fit well although I could have bought my regular size without a problem...I like boots from the Earthkeepers  line for style and durability!
B00BB7BX66 Great boot great price I wear a mens 15. Its a royal PITA to find a good fitting boot, these are fantastic.When they finally go i'll be buying another pair.
B00BB7BX66 very good boot I like my new boot, It looks very American style and wears comfortableThe leather feels soft but it's better to wear in winter or fall, not in sprint and of course not in summer cause the boot will make your feet feel hot~
B00BCJV7H8 Snug, maybe too snug, fit I bought these as a boot to wear through the east coast winter for my work commute, 40 mins each way on the subway with a 10 minute walk to and from the subway every day. After wearing them a few times, I realize that my last pair of Timberland boots were cut very similarly, so that they squeeze my pinky toe in the fold of the front of the boot when I walk. When I am not in a hurry and walk slower, and when I wear a very thin sock, they aren't as uncomfy, but since I am usually walking pretty quickly, they are somewhat uncomfortable. Also, because the inside is not very roomy (as compared to an UGG boot for example) when I stand still for more than a few minutes they are noticeably tight and make my feel tingly, almost numb, because of the tightness. Note also I was wearing thin socks and I have relatively narrow feet, so if you want to wear a thick sock with this boot, forget it! I'll continue to wear them and hope to break them in a little, but I probably won't buy another pair of Timberlands, or will at least opt for the wide width boot in the future.
B00BCJV7H8 Fittings Great fit,warm nice rugged look ,the reason I gave a 4 ratings is because the ring that holds the boot lace has a flimsy piece of leather that popped before I wore it .All in all good fit trendy looking boot
B00BCJV7H8 Nice boot I need a good sturdy boot for Chicago winters. This boot should fill the need.  Good sole and its water resistant.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boot.  Very comfortable. I have not had to walk in real slush yet, however, it has been very cold in Chicago, and I have found the boot to  have good traction in the snow, and very warm. I only gave 4 stars because I can't for sure say about the complete waterproofness of this boot.  But I know that Timberland makes well made boots and shoes.  The lining goes all the way down into the boot, not just decorative at the top.  The laces are heavy duty, but not stiff and difficult to tie.  The bottom of the sole is comfortable enough walk in for quite a distance, although I have not had to do that.  I stand outside with kids at recess, and my feet are never cold.  I like that they are also light in color and look attractive. I would strongly recommend.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots! I had to order a 1/2 size larger.  These shoes are warm and well built.  The sole grips the ice and and the boot is waterproof.  Excellent boot and stylish too.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice boot! I've only had a chance to wear this boot a few times, but they are comfortable, warm, and stylish. I would recommend them!
B00BCJV7H8 Great Boot for cold weather I just purchased this Boot to wear on a trip where the weather is cold and possible snow.  Based on the reviews that I read and knowing of the Timberland products, I am sure this boot will meet all my expectations But for now too soon to really rate right now.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boot but weird fit My wife loves the color & style of the boots & size was fine, but top part of boot under the laces was way too tight. We had to return because the boot is too uncomfortable to wear.
B00BCJV7J6 Great boot This is the most comfortable boot I've worn in a long time.  It doesn't feel like you have on boots all day.
B00BCJV7J6 Great find I ordered these for my grand daughter,after I had purchased the mens chillberg tall wheat. Awesome boot. 100% waterproof and breathable membrane. I am a 62 nam vet. Also did landscaping and snow removal in Wis. Finding a boot to compliment great support, light weight, great buy!!
B00BCJV7J6 goodlooking boot but painful If you have larger calves, this boot is not for you.  The back bone of the boot comes up to the bottom of my calf, but it is so rigid it digs into my calf from the get go. Sadly had to return them because they are unwearable for me.  Nice quality boot though.
B00BCJW35I Love This Boot Wish I could Get It In My Size I bought this boot several years ago in New York and it is wearing out from too much wearing.  I love it and want to replace it but can only find it in size 11.  I need an 8W or even an 81/2.  Is there some way I can get this boot?
B00BCJX6TU AWESOME shoe! I use these as a really fashionable work boot in the winter.  They are incredibly comfortable and stylish.  I like the ability to leave the sides up, or to pull them down with a pair of skinny jeans.  GREAT Boot!  Timberland never fails to make me happy!
B00BCJXLHW Great Boot!!! Beautiful Boot! Runs a little big so I had to exchange for a size smaller. I would definitely recommend this boot to anyone.
B00BCJXLHW Made for Petite feet The opening of boot is sewn directly to top without any flexibility for foot insertion - women with a size larger than 7 will have trouble inserting their foot into boot -
B00BCJXLHW The prefect boot These are what I was looking for - comfortable and very warm - now my toes are not cold all the time - Timberland has a boot for everyone - you just have to find the right ones - thanks Timberland for having the right boot for me.
B00BCJXLHW My dreamed boot I like this timberland boot very much. It fit well and not too heavy.The rubber sole make feet feel soft. The color is little light than the pic.But it is very beautiful and just what I wanted.
B00BH0B7KE Boot is very good - small design problem Boot is durable and comfortable.  For some reason they tried a new type of ring for the laces... I think it is supposed to keep the laces tight at the ankle but it keeps you from tightening too!?
B00DYQWBHW Comfy Boot that Could Be Cuter Fit well and was comfortable, but disliked the style of the boot. Felt like it lacked personality or elegance. Overall though, really nice, well constructed, comfy boot.
B00E41UQBE GREAT BOOT GREAT LOOKING BOOT, WITH GREAT LOOKING PRICE...=) Im waiting for the wheat with orange now and i hope they are as good lookin as these..
B00E41UQBE Timberland Exactly as advertised.  Arrived well-packaged and new.  I like the color scheme.  Co-workers have complemented the boot as well.  I have yet to see this boot in public.
B00E41UQBE perfect boot&#65281;&#65281;&#65281; I love this boot, I usually buy shoes size 8W, but this boot I need 8.5W, it fits great! The color is amazing too!
B00EAKXW6K Fantastic Boot I can't say enough about this boot. It's light weight and still solid enough to give overall protection. It feels like you are walking on a thick rug the entire work day and it laces up with a minimum of fuss.
B00EAKXW6K Great Work boot I have worn a lot of boots in my career for everything from hunting, hiking, military maneuvers, and construction work zones, and these are one of the most comfortable boots that I have had the pleasure to wear.  Right out of the box they felt good on my feet providing a lot of soft internal cushioning while still having a firm out sole for support.  They are heavy boots, but with the added comfort you really don't notice it after a while.  The traction that the out sole provides is solid in any environment, and the rugged heal and toe definitely keep the boot in good shape.  The boots do fit very wide.  My feet measure at 3E width and I am able to wear the normal width comfortably with a pair of boot socks, so be wary of that when ordering these boots online.  I would definitely try these on if you have the opportunity.  The Timberland boots tend to have a pretty wide range of widths and none of their boots fit the same.  The one issue that I have with the boot is the tongue and the collar hit at an awkward height for me, and kneeling or crouching can get uncomfortable after a long period of time because the padded material hits my ankle awkwardly.  I can fix this by tying the boot differently, so this may not be a problem for all wearers.  I have had these boots only for about 2 weeks now and I am have not warn them every day yet, so as they break in and start to take a beating I will update this review.  My initial impression of these boots is fantastic.  If you are looking for a solid boot for the work site, check these out.  I will definitely buy the Boondocks again, I will just most likely switch to the 8'' boot.
B00ED8P6UY so far so good.....better than redwings for sure Great boot. Seems like the stitching along the front of the boot may be faulty but so far so good will review again in 6 or so months
B00ED8P6UY Like a Tank I work Underground Utility Const. Mud, rain, snow. These are very tough boots and the taller heel helps take pressure off of the heel and contours more naturally with the foot if you have mid to high arches, also great for gaffs, ladders, logs..etc. They are extremely comfortable with lots of toe room, the Composite safety toe is concaved to allow more toe wiggle room and each year I buy 1-2 new boots and always try a new brand or style and these are definitely the top 3 in comfort. The boot is stiff enough to allow some spring reaction when walking but will not effect comfort so long as you buy correct size and width. I do prefer EE width but W still feels fine for me. The boot's sole feels great even when walking on gravel, you don't feel all the rocks but rather feels well distributed as if walking on flat surface. The higher heels seems to have no effect on ankle turning so long as they are laced up appropriately...something some people have a habit of not doing well.  There is some foam insulation in the sides of the boot but not enough for warmth and I suspect these will be a bit too hot in the summer months, likely best for spring and fall.I knocked 1 star off because the boot is only waterproof up to where the tongue attachment ends which is about 3&#34; from the top, so so only expect about 6-7&#34; of the boot to be submersible. The boot laces for this type of boot should be Kevlar based but instead just regular laces that will wear fairly quick. I am skeptical about how long the insole will last and I don't feel it's actually better than any other good insole like some of Dr. Scholl's brands. The Anti-Fatique thing is just a marketing gimmick like every other insole and boot maker does. Despite the insole, the boot design itself with it's higher heel, steel shank and outsole makes it very comfortable. If you are extremely picky about boots like I am, you should not pass on these to try out.
B00I2UXJYO The best boot I ever had I really like the boot, the boot from the outside feels great and the look of the boot looks great.
