B0000AT8CK Wear a 10.5 -  The 10 C/D is too Short for My Foot Others said the boot fits long, but that was not true for myself. I could not get the boot on at all with a thick sock because of how the tongue is cut from one piece with the vamp, and does not fold all the way forward. You have to slide your foot in, almost like it's a paper bag. My bare foot did fit inside the boot, if that helps you to know.  I ordered the 11 and am PRAYING that it will be big enough to wear with thick socks, as these boots are meant to be worn. I can also say the instep was pretty good for how poorly boots are made these days. The mens boots just don't look right on me, otherwise I would order those instead. I use these for travel to support my ankle and arch walking on cobble stones, kicking my suitcase up curbs, and tromping through puddles. My old ones are an amazing pair of Carolinas that I would pay double this price to have remade. They had a brilliant cushy green insole that I have not been able to find ever again. I still wear them 12 years later.
B0000DFAXV Timberland Nellie These boots look just like the picture-and I like the quality. I do think they run a tad big. But I ordered the 6 1/2-and they were too small. I have narrow feet though. Anyway, 7 is my normal size-and so with an innersole-and your normal boot socks-these boots worked beautifully. I bought them for my vacation in the mountains. But now that the cooler weather is coming- I'll also wear them to walk the dog. It's a nice change from my Avia toning sneaks. Don't get me wrong-My Avia's I've ordered 3x-been wearing them for years. But like I said- I'm ready for a switch now in clothing and foot wear. And these boots are not only quality. But they are comfortable and stylish. I gave these 4 stars-because I'm as picky as they come. I thought the laces could be a little thicker-and just a tad longer. Regardless-I'd order these again.
B000AKVA6I great boot after a little work Excellent quality boots.  They fit a little tight however after breakin them in over 2 weeks they fit perfectly and seem to be very comfortable. One word of warning the seam around the top edge is a little stiff use some leather softener or buy tall socks for the first couple weeks.
B000VQ9YDW Nice Boot But Not For Me I had high hopes for this boot, but I ended up having to return them.  I am very tall and have big legs - while I could get these on, they hit me at a very unflattering part of my calf.  Also I think these are a bit tight for a 9.
B000VQBPOS LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THESE BOOTS! I have just received and opened these timberland (medium) boots. They are my third pair of "Tims,"  beautiful and a perfect fit.  For women who love black boots with jeans or even with jean shorts (summer will be here soon enough!), these are a must.  When I submitted my order I was a little worried about some reviews that stated the medium size was too narrow.  Well, after putting these boots on and showing them off to my husband, I find them to be perfect.  Also, for those with a slightly larger foot (like me!), I was pleased to find these boots give both a slimming and smaller effect.  Either way, if you are a woman who likes the comfort and security of wearing a boot with your jeans during your off dress days, then this boot is for you. Lastly, shipping time and packaging was great. Leather around the ankle is a little stiff, but as all leather goes, I am sure it will relax after a couple of wears. Do not pass this up.  Go Timberland.Just like I initially hoped, the leather around the ankle did soften (within a day or two of wear). This boot's fit is PERFECT. I love the slender feminine look, versus the masculine look of too many unisex boots out there. I hope they last for many years to come.  They look great with jeans and I can't wait to wear them with my shorts. Have a great summer everyone!
B000VQBSO0 Fit like 2nd skin, and that's a bad thing! The leather is just too stiff not to allow an extra little bit of leather so your feet and ankles don't feel strangled!  They're a street boot cut like a soft leather dress boot.  If you wear an 11, you're (I'm) out of luck.  If you're skinny they'll prob be ok.  Other folks order up, though they might then be too long, as the length is right.
B000VQDM6W Good boots, a little stiff I have been looking for a boot that is cute but can also stand up against the crazy Boston winters (everyone has Uggs and I think they are so gross looking). This boot is perfect.  The suede is very much waterproof.  The water just beads up and rolls off of them.  There's no need to additionally treat them.My only problem is that they are stiff.  I'm sure that will go away after I break them in some more. Also, I have skinny calves.  I WOULD NOT reccommend these boots to anyone with average to big legs, these are meant for the skinny girls.
B000VQHGG4 Classic Style Boot The black Flora boot has a nice, polished look.  The leather is smooth and a bit glossy, just right, not too shiny.I often have a problem with knee high boots fitting over my calves, these fit well, snug but not uncomfortable or difficult to zip.The boot goes well with skirts, pants and jeans.The floral design on the side adds interest, it looks nice with black and denim clothing but would not go with grey clothing.Overall, this is a very pretty, classic boot.
B000VX03GC Well made but size is a bit of an issue I generally wear a 10(M) in this style of boot and have found these a little tight across the instep - hopefully as the leather stretches these will fit better. I cannot wear my normal thick woolen socks because of this which is a bit of a disappointment.In general though, this is a well made light hiking boot and if I purchased again I would go up a width to a 10(EE) and believe this would be fine.
B000XF6L7I Comfortable with soft leather These boots were amazingly comfortable on the first wearing.  I put them on and couldn't take them off.  In fact, they're so comfortable I sometimes just wear them as a shoe, even when I don't need a steel toed boot.  The exterior leather is almost like the leather for a fine Italian shoe, very soft and fancy.  I call them my dress boots.  They look fabulous.  They feel very well made, but after my first afternoon of felling trees and splitting wood with them, I discovered that I had scuffed and torn up the leather on the toes a bit.  No metal showing, not even close, but the soft leather definitely does not withstand abuse the way boot leather probably should.  In the weeks since then, they are still holding up well to minimal abuse and are as comfortable as ever.  The traction is superb.  Quick and easy on and off, which is a real plus.  I love these boots, but I'm not putting them through extremely tough conditions, so be warned if that's what you're planning to do.
B000XR2W1U Not for me Let me start by saying that I wear these boots daily and that I had a different pair in mind before ordering these.  Fit-wise, they're fine except for the ankle/calf.  I don't think there's any way to lace these so that they don't rub the back of my lower calf...I'm at two weeks wearing them and they're still not really broken in well.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots! - Sizes run a bit large... I've been needing a good pair of casual boots for a while now. I looked at hundreds of pairs of boots from many different companies, and liked the look of this pair the best, and reviews seemed mostly positive as well. Not having owned a pair of timberlands in the past, I was slightly weary as to how they would hold up, fit, etc. Reading the reviews here helped immensely.Appearance:The first thing you notice right out of the box is that the boots are a softer, waxy type of leather. I would recommend buying a protector for this type of leather as soon as possible, as it will greatly lengthen the life of the boots. They are rather light in weight, which is nice, and look great.Fit:After lacing up the boots I noticed that the opening for your foot/ankle is rather small when you lace the boot up all the way to the top, if you have wider/thicker feet keep this is mind as I have actually had to leave the laces out of the top three lace eyelets just to get the boots on. If you have thinner feet and smaller ankles it shouldn't be a problem. Also, I wear a 10.5 in pretty much every shoe/boot I have worn, after reading other reviews, it seemed that these run large, so I ordered a 9... It fits my foot perfectly... So really to be safe I would recommend ordering either a size or a size and half smaller than you normally would to get a boot that fits right.Feel:Great! Almost no break-in period... Pretty much put these bad boys on and was good to go. The sole is quite comfortable and provides plenty of cushion and support.Durability:These ARE NOT a boot I would recommend for anything but casual wear. Rain, Snow, etc., they do fine, but hiking up the side of a mountain, or wearing to the worksite every day, I just can't see them holding up. Just from wearing them around town I am already noticing wear in the sole, and the leather, since it is soft and waxy, shows scuffs and scratches easily (again I recommend the leather protectant.)Overall, these are great boots for getting around town in all seasons, maybe even light hiking use, but they aren't really what I would consider heavy use/work/outdoor boots. They look great, are comfortable, and I certainly enjoy wearing them around.
B000XXGMRO Fit The boots fit a little tight, but they did not have the width that I require for my size, I got the widest ones they make, I wear a triple E.  They are real leather and will stretch in time.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeepers 6" First of all, I just received these boots so I cannot speak as to how they are going to hold up. With that being said, I love the look and feel of these Timberland boots. I live in one of the northern continental US states and with winter coming, I wanted a good looking boot I could wear for either going out to the bar or going to class.The boots looks sweet. I got them in Dark Brown and they go really nice with any shade of casual chino pants as well as most jeans. These are made out of leather so they do get the normal marks you would expect from everyday use. So if you were do scratch the leather it would leave a mark, which would easily rub out if you wanted it to. I love it though as it gives the boot a rugged, aged look to it. Quite nice.They feel very nice as well. This is my first pair of boots so I did not really know what to expect but they are very, very comfortable. There is a little extra support in the heel, so I am not worried if I have to be on my feet in these for many hours.Like the other reviewers claim, the sizing is a bit tricky. I wasn't too sure which size to get as some of the other postings conflict with each other. I mainly wear a size 12 in my Nike Shox and other brands of athletic shoes. I bought these in size 11 M and they are perfect, and I do mean perfect and bigger or smaller and it would be uncomfortable. So I think it would be one size down from your Nike shoe. Also if it helps from end to end my foot is about 11 inches.At the time I bought these boots they were $60 more expensive at the local department store, so buying them on Amazon was, again, a no-brainer for me.And if you are smug like me, they are Eco-Friendly.I will update this review as I find out more about how the upcoming winter weather will affect traction and if the boot does not wear well.
B000XXGMRO looks good but the fit is strange i like the look of the boot and it fits my foot fine, there is just too much space around the ankle. I've never had a problem with it before so i would recommend getting a narrower fit.
B000XXGMRO First impression When I removed them from the box, one boot had a 2 inch scuff right on the toe.  I was able to rub out most of the scuff.Also - these dark brown boots don't look exactly like the picture.  All stitching on the boot is a very light tan color, which you cannot see in the picture.  Because of this, I am tempted to send them back.  However, the boots still look good - I just prefer less visible stitching.Normally wear 8.5 wide, so based on reviewers' recommendations I ordered 7W and they fit live a glove.  The only issue with the fit is that they are extremely hard to get on and off for my wide feet.  I have to loosen the laces quite a bit.  Hopefully, they break in and this will not be an issue.Next complaint is about the top of the boot that rests on the back of your calf.  It is cushioned, but very uncomfortable.  I bent and creased this area on the boots for about 3-4 minutes.  This softened it up a bit, but I guess they are just not broken in yet.  I only worn them once.Now for the good - the cushioning of this boot is VERY comfortable.  These boots are super lightweight and go great with jeans.  I feel that I got a great deal considering how much they sell for on the Timberland site.I am only removing a star due to the stitching that's not visible in the pics.  I'm sure they will break in fine and there really isn't a better looking or more versatile boot out there - in my opinion.
B000YDG6FQ Good shoe overall I've worn this boot twice as of today and I am still sort of breaking them in.  The previous reviewers are right in that the boot is not sized correctly.  I ordered through Amazon and ended up having to return the original pair b/c they were too big.  I'm a size 12 and reordered 11.5.  This new shoe is too big as well, but not by much and not worth a second swap.  I wear thick socks with these type of shoes anyway so it doesn't matter that much.  The extra space isn't uncomfortable mostly.  What I have noticed though is the top of the boots don't feel quite as nice as I was hoping.  They're not terrible, but I thought it could be better.  I've worn similar boots in the Marine Corps and these sort of remind me of those boots, but with a softer sole.  My fix for calf discomfort is to simply wear them loose around the calf, but tight enough not to slide since I have the extra space.  I think I should have tried the 11's, but this is the kind of thing you do in the store, not via mail where you end up having to pay for each switch around and subsequently lose the benefit of purchasing online.  The solution? Do a better job sizing the boots in the factory.All things considered I really like how these boots look.  I live in Florida and we're just now starting to come up on the hot months.  Normally, I try to wear as little as possible on my feet in the summer for a bit of relief.  However, if I spend more time in these boots over the next few weeks or so I will update my review.  I would not rate these boots poorly, I think I just need a bit more time in them to get used to them.  It's been many years since I've had a shoe this high on the calf.
B00170AGPQ Perfect for cold weather boots...that still look good! I love, love, love these boots!  I always have a hard time buying boots because I have big feet and large calves.  These boots lace up in the back so even with big calves, you can make enough room to tuck  your pants in on those knee-high snow days.  They're even easy to clean (just brush away the gunk).I will say that they are lined with sherpa-like lining, but don't expect them to keep your feet warm like Uggs, it's a thin lining which is probably why they don't look as clunky as uggs.  I bought half a size bigger because of other reviews and I'm glad I did - that way you can wear thicker socks on those really cold days.
B00170AGPQ Warm and comfy boots - zipper isn't so great I bought these boots two years ago, and they have been wonderful. Super warm through lots of Chicago commutes, and my most comfortable pair of winter shoes. For me, they ran true to size and I'd agree that the calf might be on the narrow side. But, I have small calves so it works out really well.The other great thing about these boots is that after two years of wear, they still look really good. I use a waterproofing spray every year to prevent staining, and haven't had any problems. However, recently the zippers have started to wear where the boot naturally wrinkles at the ankle. Now I can't zip one boot down past the ankle or else it gets stuck. I'm going to try to have them repaired, because they really have a lot of life left in them, and I'd hate to replace them because of a zipper. I'd recommend these boots, but I wish that Timberland would use zippers that hold up as long as their boots do.
B00170AGPQ Well made, need breaking in, not true to size I have been looking for the perfect boots i.e. waterproof, sturdy, not look too bad, warm. These boots fit all these categories but are not all that comfortable. I had to go to a 7.5 even though I am normally a 6.5 at most. The size thus runs pretty small, and while I am not a particularly big person, it is snug around the calves, but adjustable with the laces. However, laces do tend to come undone...Overall, it is a very good and well-made boot, but not for every foot, and definitely will need breaking in.
B00170AGPQ super cozy i love this boot. i had a pair of timberlands i bought a few years ago in brown (and a different style) and i loved them, and they have held up VERY well. I just wanted a black pair for other outfits. they are super warm and very comfy. the shaft of the boot fits perfectly however i do see where some people are saying the shoe part is a bit snug. it's not snug widthwise or lengthwise for that matter, but from the top of your foot down. of course the suede will stretch and i got them recently so i haven't had time to break them in yet. but if you are really bothered about it, the footbed is removable so you could replace it with a thinner insole if you like. the shearling lines the entire inside of this shoe which was a big part of why i chose this brand. i was a bit nervous about having a zip up boot because i was concerned about water seeping in through the zipper teeth. nope. there is a leather strip to reinforce the weatherproofing and to keep you from pinching your legs. and the zipper is very sturdy...so i am not worried about it breaking. also, these shoes come with a waterproof sealant on them so no need to wait for a spray. all in all, another great product by timberland. :)
B00170AJFS large in calf The boot looks nice, fits snug in the foot, and way too large in the calf for me, even with the adjustable buckle.
B00170AJFS Not fit on 16" calf These boots are a little tight on instep(my size was 9m), and also could not zip up for my 16" calf. I have to returned it. Material is suede leather upper.
B001760K56 Great boot for an online purchase! I'm normally a 9, but I have thick feet and calves, so I got the 9W in these and they fit great with thick or thin socks.  I had to get the top of the leather stretched a little because they don't flare too much.  I have 16" calves.  After stretching, they fit great, although I wish they went up higher.  They hit at the widest part of my calf, well below my knee (I'm 5'8").  The material is water resistant and sort of suede looking.  Overall, a comfortable, versatile, high quality boot.
B001760K56 Super comfy and rugged I ordered my boots a few weeks ago and I love them. The only two things I don't love about them is that they are a little big in the ankle which I think looks messy but when I look in the mirror it doesn't look bad at all. Still I would have liked a tighter fit in the ankle. Also the toe is longer and pointier then I thought it would be. This makes the boots look too big but the fit is great. I got a 8.5 which is pretty normal for me and they fit my calves which I would say are fairly average.That said they are very comfortable (I'm on my feet all day at my job so when I put these on after work to go out they feel great). They have excellent traction which is very important as I live in the northeast and have to deal with snow and ice.As someone who typically does not buy shoes for style but for function. I am pleased to find these boots can do both. I'll be able to wear these all winter unless it's very cold (single digits) or very wet. I treated my boots with beeswax based leather waterproofing.  This made the leather darker and took away the slightly fuzzy texture of the leather. This was fine with me and now I can  walk through snow and sidewalk salt without worry.Bottom line. They're not super sleek looking but are rugged and feel amazing. I wear mine all the time. I'd really rate these 4 and 3/4 stars instead of just 4
B001760K56 Nice boots, didn't fit These were nice boots, I ordered them in a size 10 and my foot just barely fit into them, though they might have stretched with a bit of wear. I wouldn't know though, because they did not fit my calves. I have 17 inch calves and ordered them based on the review that said they fit that size, but mine did not. Maybe she ordered a larger size and they fit, I don't think she said. But the size 10s had a calf that was at most 15 or 16 inches. Other than that, they were nice, good shipping, and the woman was very friendly when I called to return them.
B001760K56 Beautiful Quality Matte Leather I love the matte leather on these boots. (Not sure if this is called "oiled" leather.) It looks great. I have 14" calves and these boots fit perfectly. The style is cute. The heel height is perfect for walking. The sole bends easily. They're very comfortable. Unfortunately, the 8.5M are a little too wide for my 8.5N feet even though they probably run true to size. I normally add full length Spenco foam pads with arch support and wear socks to get M width boots to fit. But for these boots I need socks so thick they'll make the boots too hot for So. Cal. If they fit you I highly recommend them.If you have wider calves, try the Clarks Orinocco boots. They are very similar. They're made of the same matte leather. The foot is only very slightly narrower in the Clarks. The shafts of the Clarks are about an inch higher (which I liked more for my 5'5" frame) and much wider. (They are too wide for me.) The description says the heels are 1/4" lower on the Clarks but that's not true. Both the Timberlands and Clarks have 1 1/2" heels. The Clarks are also very comfy and easy to walk in. Amazon's price for either pair of boots is great!
B001760K56 Awesome boots! I. LOVE. THESE. BOOTS!  I received these yesterday and couldn't be more thrilled.  The fit is perfect.  They fit snuggly (in a comfortable way) around the foot and do not slip around.  They are true to size.  I normally wear a size 9 and ordered these in a 9...perfect fit. The quality of the leather is good as well.  I am 5'8" tall and they hit about two inches below my knee which is ideal for wearing them with either jeans or skirts. I read a lot of product reviews before deciding on these and ultimately went with them because of how pleased others were with them.  I would have to agree with all of the good reviews.  These really are great quality boots and well worth the money.
B001760K56 Irregular Very sad, I expected from the previous reviewers remarks, to find these boots fitting snugly in the calf.  What I never expected was that one would fit while the other would not.  I measured my calves, thinking maybe I've grown suddenly asymetrical in my leg proportions, but no.  My calves are both 14 3/4 inches around.  The boots however, are not equal in circumference.  'Right one won't zip above halfway.  Nutz!.  Sent 'em back
B001760K56 Look great, fit great (with adjustments) I love these boots. I've never had a pair of long boots that come up to the calf. I've tried them on, but could never get them to zip. I fell in love with these, though, so I bought them, hoping against all hope that I could make them work. I found a neat tip online to spritz them with 50% alcohol (available at most drug stores for less than a buck), inside and out, put them on, and zip them up. Worked like a charm. Before the alcohol, I couldn't zip about 2 inches with thin socks. Using the alcohol, they are over thick socks and a pair of jeans. I wore them to town thinking I'd break them in the hard way (I even took painkillers with me, just in case). They didn't hurt once. My feet felt great the entire time. I think I'll probably have to use the alcohol a few more times until I can zip them without it, but I'm happy as a clam with these boots. Beautiful.
B001760K56 timber lexiss boots these boots fit well, I ordered an 11w.  bit snug but I can tell will stretch.  more of a kick butt boot than dressy, but looks real cute with a skirt...long or short.  would have liked them to be an inch or so taller in the shaft..but overall nice boot.  black is a matte black, and good rubber sole, could jog in these things.  would get the brown too.
B001760K56 Great boot - no regrets buying this I was really looking forward to getting my hands on these and was not at all disappointed. I chose brown and went with another reviewer's advice to chose a half a size smaller. They were pretty tight around my feet for the first while (had to yank them on a bit), but they seem to be loosening up and fitting quite perfectly. The shaft even adjusts to fit my stickish calves - a tough quality to find in a boot! Overall, it looks and feels really, really great. Just fantastic. I am going to live in these.
B001760K56 Classic So in love with these boots! Very comfortable, water proof and easy to clean. They are a classic style and can be worn with anything from skirts to skinny jeans. Since they are soft leather, they already seemed broken in, not stiff at all. Ive wanted these for over a year now, and finally got them and very very happy!
B001760K56 I like 'em! I'm a very very picky girl when it comes to my boots!  My only issue with these has to do with sizing.THE FOOT BED:  I buy 8.5 for sandals and go with 9's for closed toed shoes.  I've been doing this forever.  I went with the 9 based on other reviews that these were pretty true to size and actually ran narrow (i have ski's for feet, so I was actually looking forward to the narrow width).  I ordered both black and brown.  The brown were huge!  At least an inch of space in the toe box when I tried them on...and that was after a 12 hour shift in the ER.  The width felt nice, but with all that space in front, I found my foot sliding forward, which caused the material at the ankle to pull and wrinkle.  Not cute.  Not to mention, the narrow toe box when paired with a larger size (like a 9) made my foot look very long! (Which it is, but I try to minimize that!).  The toe box also narrows quite a bit as it approaches the tip.  Not sure they'll win any long walk comfort awards, but the rubber grippy sole I'm sure will make them 100% more comfortable and a lot warmer than other thin, hard soled riding boots.  The black size 9's seem to fit pretty well.  I'm going to wear them around the house for a few days for a better assessment.  But the brown ones are definitely getting exchanged for 8.5's.THE SHAFT:  Although I have skinny feet, I was not blessed with skinny ankles or calves.  Neither do I have a gigantic ankles/calves, but I do often have trouble finding boots that fit my lower leg comfortably.  The widest part of my calf is 15".  These boots were snug, but the buckle at the top cinches the shaft in, and it can be loosened.  So depending on what I wear these with, I will probably use this feature.  I might need to loosen them to get over jeans, but the snug fit is nice with a skirt.OVERALL:  These boots are very well made.  The leather is super supple, and I foresee them being very warm and comfortable enough (nothing will be as comfortable as my Keen Bern boots...but those look goofy when I try to dress them up!).  So I'm a fan.  Will keep : ).
B001760K56 Should have ordered a half-size down! After reading numerous positive reviews about this pair of boots, I decided to take the plunge and order one online. I ordered the size 7 C/D in brown, and when it arrived I was so excited to try it on. It fit really well, and it came to around 2-3 inches below My knee. I'm 5"3 with a calf circumference of 13 inches, so I was able to wear ski socks and skinny jeans tucked inside my boots without loosening the buckles. The only downside was the length. It felt a bit too long, even with extra-thick socks. After consulting the Size Chart (which I admit, I should have done earlier), I found out that my Heel-to-Toe measurement is 8.5 inches. I returned the size 7 and ordered a size 6.5 C/D in brown. They arrived and fit PERFECTLY. They are a little snug like all new leather boots are, but the rubber soles make it comfortable to walk in for long periods of time. I walked in them for entire day, and didn't even get blisters! They're spacious enough to wear thick socks and tuck your skinny jeans into, and with a bit more wear I'm sure they'll stretch out just that small bit. I received plenty of compliments while wearing them, so I definitely recommend this pair to anyone looking for a comfortable, rugged yet stylish leather boot!
B001760K56 My favourite boots! When I first tried on these boots, I was going to send them back because they were not tall enough for me. I am 5.4 and the shaft is 3&#34; below my knee. I like tall boots to be just below my knee. Then my daughter said they made my feet look huge and I agreed with her. I am a size 8, but for boots I like to buy 8.5. But these boots felt so good, they hugged my skinny calves (14&#34;) just right, so my legs were not swimming in the shaft. Most of all, I was impressed with the quality. Of course these are Timberland boots so high quality should be the norm. In skinny or straight leg jeans they look really good and they are super super comfortable. I feel confident that I will be able to trudge through slush, mud and puddles with these boots. I also bought a brown pair, that's how much I love these boots. If Timberland made these boots with a taller shaft, I would definitely buy them. If you want high quality, comfortable, skinny calf, working boots, then get these boots, you will love them. PS: They do make your feet look larger, however I don't care, I would rather have comfortable big looking feet than skinny looking tortured feet!
B001760K56 Warm and Sturdy I was looking for a waterproof brown leather riding boot with very good traction when I came across this. All in all, I'm fairly satisfied with this product, but I want to make a few points that I noticed that I would've liked to know before buying this.- The finish of the leather is matte, not shiny like most leather boots you see. It actually almost looks like suede. This disappointed me when I first saw the shoes, but it's been really growing on me lately. (:- The shaft of these boots are fitted to your leg from the top of your calf to your ankle. I've noticed that a lot of the riding boots many girls wear have a shaft that is straight up and down, meaning that it looks like the same width from the top of the boot to the foot.- The sole does jut out a bit, and the boot has a somewhat pointed toe.- Sizing-wise, I generally wear a size 7 for sneakers (I'm a perfect size 7 for Converse shoes) and size 6 for flats/heels. In this case, I found the 6.5 M was perfect for me. However, I do have feet that err on the narrow side, just fair warning.- The shaft is fairly tight, but that's probably because it's fitted as I mentioned before. The zipper is very high-quality though and doesn't feel like it will get caught easily. For reference, the widest part of my calf has a circumference of about 14 inches, and it feels very snug with skinny jeans tucked in. However, before I returned the shoe for the 6.5, I had gotten the 7 (it turned out to be too large), but the shaft there was definitely wider.Also, I'm very impressed with how warm these boots keep my feet. I was walking in them on a chilly night, and my legs under my jeans were cold except for the parts that were covered by the boots, which were kept warm.
B001760K56 Nice Boot, Awkward Fit What the other reviewers say is true: this boot is definitely very tight in the calf. I have never had this issue with boots before as my calves are on the thinner side, but these barely zip. I can wear any size between a 9 and a 10 depending on the brand, so I went with the 9.5  with these as a &#34;safe&#34; middle ground and I still have a lot of room in the toe area. I will probably keep these because they look beautiful and feel like they're made really nicely, but I'll just have to wear really tight (and low) socks I guess.
B001760K56 Perfect Fall boot! These boots were pretty narrow in the toe for me at first, but now that I've worn them a couple times, the leather has given a bit and they are very comfortable. The 10 fit true to size and leaves just enough room to comfortable wear a pair of normal socks or tights with these boots. And the finish on the leather? WOW! It feels like butter. Not suede, but not that slick shine either. Nice chocolate brown color, goes with everything and I can wear them all day without discomfort.
B001760K56 Great boot but not so great fit.... I desperately wanted this boot to work for me, I tried my usual size 8 and altho it fit great mostly everywhere I had about 2 inches of extra space in the toe. Like the other reviews say it is a very long and narrow fit. I also tried a size 7 hoping that would fix the problem but it was far too tight for me. It is a very well constructed boot, the leather is gorgeous; a lovely soft dark brown. I wish it had worked for me. Also, it is definitly made for smaller calves, mine are 14 1/4 inches and it was a big snug on my bare legs and very very difficult to zip up over skinny jeans.
B001760K56 Love these boots I was so worried about buying these boots based on the other reviews. I went ahead and bought them because Amazon has such a great return policy. First off, I have wide feet and normally wear an 8 1/2 or 9. I ordered a 9 W and they fit perfect. I noticed others complaining of them being to narrow. When I first took them out of the box, I pulled out the paper and a little peace of cardboard and stuck my foot in and thought WOW, those are tight. Then I reached inside and felt another peace that was so well formed with the boot I thought it was part of it and then I realized it too needed removed. It was hard to pull out but, once I took it out the boot fit perfect. I'm thinking maybe the people that have problems with the width, that they don't remove this from the boot. I also didn't notice the boot being abnormally long as others have stated. I measured my calf before ordering and I have a 15 1/2 inch calf and they zipped up without adjustment. They do fit my calf snug though. I think the boot is true to size and have no problems with them. They are very comfortable and well made. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great pair of boots. They don't however go all the way to the knee but, I knew this before I bought them because I measured my leg. It all depends on how long your shin bone is.  So, take measurements and know what to expect.
B001760K56 Women's leather boots Fit great, very sturdy and comfortable.  Didn't take long to break in, pants tuck in easily, seem very true to size.  Highly recommend.
B001760K56 Nice This is a very comfortable boot. I read all the reviews and in sized down and order the wide, I should have went to a 61/2!!! In a boot I usually get a 8 to wear a thick sock, so I ordered a 7. Still not small enough!! I will wear them next summer while riding my Harley, with skinny jeans since they are waterproof.
B001760K56 dawn I have owned many boots, even Fryes, which I love, but these are my all time favorite boots.  I can wear them with anything rain or shine.  I wear mine with skirts, skinny jeans, leggings, etc.  I have never treated these boots, and they still look great after 3 years. I get tons of compliments on them all the time.  I am ordering a new pair now as I the treads are wearing down at the ball of my foot but that is just because I wear them ALL the time. These are high quality, practical and I love that they are a little edgy but still go w/ everything.  I do have skinny calves and I feel they fit true to size.  However, they do have a narrow shaft and may not fit if you have larger calves.  For me, I absolutlely love them and am very happy with the fit and wear.  They are one of the best boots I've ever owned.
B001760K56 Great Boots! I searched long and hard for a pair of "tall" boots that fit comfortably over my athletic calves.  I am happy to report these boots fit the bill to a T!  Enough room to even tuck in my jeans!  Delighted with these boots, especially as they are waterproof so great for those soggy days fall, winter and early spring.  Very happy!
B001760K56 Just what I was looking for I had been looking for a pair of flat knee high boots for a long time and I finally found a quality boot that I can wear comfortably every day.  As others have said this boot looks a bit more like suede than shiny leather, but it still looks like a high quality material. These boots are very comfortable and I can wear them all day without a problem.  I am 5'6&#34; but have a long torso and shorter legs, therefore these boots come right up under my knee.  I've been an athletic person my whole life and have 14&#34; calves and my calves fit comfortably in the boots even with jeans on.  There is a buckle at the top of the boot that can be adjusted if you want the boots slightly tighter when wearing with tights or wider when wearing with jeans.  I have a wider foot and tend to wear 8.5-9 shoes.  I got 8.5 M and it fits perfectly.  The widest part of my foot is right under my toes (I have bunions) and these shoes give my foot enough room.  The boots fight a little tight over the top of my foot, but after wearing for a few days it feels like this part has adjusted to my food.  I went for the smaller shoe size that I often fit into and it fits perfectly.  There is room at the toe of the boot, and it doesn't feel like my toes are smashed in despite the slightly more pointed toe of the shoe.  They are similar to riding boots, but check out the pictures, the toe is not rounded it is has a slight point to it.  I had no problem with this, but if you are someone who doesn't like shoes that may make your foot look bigger this might not be the boot for you.  All in all, these boots are high quality, comfortable, and so far seem to be very durable.  I really like them.
B001760K56 My new favorite Stylish and functional. The buckle at the top adjusts for smaller calfs. I normally wear a size 6.5 but a 7 fits perfect with a thick sock. The calf is a bit large but I like that it's not skin tight. The footbed is comfy but again, I think the toes could be a tad bid wider overall. The bottom has sturdy tread and is great for city walking. I also bought this in black I liked it so much
B001760K56 Not what I expected...but a well crafted boot The boot was exactly as stated, the only piece that wasn't stated or maybe I failed to pay attention to was the shaft opening.  I do not have a large, fat or "athletic" calf and these were snug on a bare leg.  That is the ONLY draw back on these boots.  Otherwise they were typical Timberland quality and styling, which means high quality and fashionable.
B001760K56 very comfortable and stylish! I am very happy with these boots. I had never owned a pair of knee-high boots before (I mean, in my adult life!) and was nervous about buying a pair on-line without trying them on. But these boots are great! Very comfortable to wear all day, warm but not too hot, and they look nice with a skirt or dress, with or without tights. They fit a little bit big in the foot, but that's good so I could wear them easily with thick socks; and my foot doesn't slide around if I just wear thin socks/tights.They also fit perfectly around the calf. I can't wear them with pants tucked in, but I was planning to wear them with skirts anyway, so I like them fitting this way. The reported measurement around the calf seems accurate.
B001760K56 Classic, rugged Good quality, especially for the price. Leather seems like it will get a distressed look and become softer with wear. Good looking, classic lines, rugged sole and comfortable footbed. Rounded toe box seems a slight bit too long and narrow for my slightly-wider-than-medium-width foot, but hoping that once they're worn in a bit that they will fit even better. The buckle straps at the heel and top of the shaft add a riding boot quality and allow for customization in sizing. I hope that skinny jeans will fit to tuck in, but I don't think that there will be room for both them and my 14" calves. I'm also 5'3" with shorter legs and these are not too tall for me.
B001760K56 Don't believe the 'Fits 17 Inch calves' review'! I bought these boots on lightening deal, specifically because the very first customer review of them listed on Amazon said that they fit her 17 inch calves. I have 15 inch calves and no high top boots have been able to zip up this season! So, I bought these, and was eagerly awaiting them. When I tried them on THEY WOULD NOT ZIP UP the final 3 inches. Impossibility. (Yes, I adjusted the buckle.)I got so frustrated I got the measuring tape out and measured myself again -still 15 inches around. Now, maybe the manufacturer has made them smaller since 2009 (When that review posted), but I felt I had to warn others that that review is false by Today's standards of production.The boots look to be made well and I'm not disparaging the product, I'm just annoyed that they don't fit after my high expectations and sad that I have to return them.
B001760K56 Ankle buckle not adjustable; otherwise a great boot I really like these boots. As other reviewers have said, the leather shaft is a bit tight at first, but stretches nicely, and the adjustable buckle at the top really helps! I was somewhat disappointed to realize the ankle buckle is not adjustable, and is just there for show. The rigidity of the buckle makes it somewhat difficult to get my feet into the boots, having to push/pull pretty hard to get the back of my heel settled into the boot. Once they're one, they are really comfortable though. If the ankle buckle was adjustable, it'd be a 5 star boot for sure. With the pointed toe, they look a little more like cowboy boots than I was expecting, and are also more matte in coloring than I was expecting - I like the look, so it's not a problem, but it's not super-accurately pictured.
B001760K56 Stylish, rugged - will stretch! ** Update to below review **Ended up ordering the C/D wide width and boy were they sloppy!  The fit was bigger everywhere, not just in the toe box!  The heel was slopping around on me and the calf circumference increased quite a bit.  Decided to keep my B (medium width) and hope for the best ~~ so glad I did!  Being a high quality leather, these stretched out and have become my all time favorite, go to boots!!!  They are SO COMFORTABLE!  I can put these on in the morning, go to church, go walk the mall, come home later and my feet feel great!  If they are a little snug for your first couple of wears, just give them time and they should stretch to fit you perfectly.  Best wishes! >^..^&lt; KatI have been looking for a couple years for the perfect "with leggings and skirt" and "over skinny jeans" brown leather boot.  This is almost perfect!  I have skinny calves (13") so I was concerned about the circumference listed at other sites for this very same boot (here it is listed as 14 1/2" which is pretty accurate).  This fits me well around the calf adjusted to the tighest fitting as the top buckle is adjustable.  If you have larger calves, this may not be the boot for you.  I have had to send back other boot styles due to the calf circumference being way too big; not the case with these.  Even though there is a zipper, full length, on the inside, it is still a tug to get your heel and foot into them.  The heel fits snug, but comfortable, plenty of room in the toe box but the width is pretty snug even with nylon type socks on.  I was unsure about whether to order the B (medium, normal width) or the C/D (wide width).  Wish now I had ordered the wide width.  I have a pretty normal width, maybe just slightly wide, and the B was too snug for long term comfort so back the B's go for the wide width C/D's. The leather is beautiful - a more rugged nubuck finish.  Even though some reviews state waterproof, I am spraying a protectant to be safe.  These have the ability to be dressed up or down but don't expect a shiny leather, high class look due to the rugged sole and heel.  My 2 year quest has finally come to an end!!!  :)  Enjoy!
B001760K56 Beautiful boots! These boots are beautiful! They are an oiled-looking leather, not shiny leather, but that is what I wanted. They have a rugged lug heal and sole, perfect for riding my motorcycle! I'm so glad I listened to the other reviewers on size. I normally wear an 8.5 - 9 and I ordered an 8 wide (c/d) and they fit perfect, even with medium weight socks on. I tried both of them on and the leather is already soft and broken in, there was NO rubbing! I cannot wait to wear these! They are exactly what I wanted!
B001760K56 Beautiful Boot, however... I have small calves (13 1/2) and the boot opening/circumference was too large.  I thought with jeans the 14&#34; would fit well, but I was mistaken.  Wish they would have worked out, the material and workmanship were nice.
B001760K56 Timberland boots. I bought this boot because the first review said that it could fit a 17 calves and I have exactly this measurement... So there I go...I got it today, shipping was very fast,I like the color brown, it is not shinny more opaque finish, it is very casual, you should use with skinny, legging, jegging and long tunic...fitting wise it is narrow and long cause I ordered 1 size bigger it is fine and on my ankles fits perfectly and it is very tight on my calves but zipper up and I just ordered o calf stretcher so it will be ok but for sure it is 16" around calf..., leather is a good quality.
B001760K56 Timberland Lexiss Boot I wore these boots out this past weekend and I had people stopping me and telling me that they love my boots, so I automaticly recommended they go to Amazon.com to find them.I have read past reviews about them being too narrow, I don't have big feet or calves so once I intially wore them around the house for about a half hour  they were pretty tight when I first put them on) they stretched out so that they fit very comfortablly. I wore them all day and walked about 3-4 miles and they were very comfortable. These boots rock!
B001760K56 These are for skinny calves!! I gave the boot a rating of 2 because I like the quality and the look of the boot even though I am not able to wear them. I purchased them based on a reviewer's statement that she has 17" calves and these boots fit her. My calves are 17" and there is absolutely no way these boots will zip over them--not even close. I would say don't buy these if your calves are more than 14". When I returned these, even the seller said this boot is the most returned style for fit.
B001760K56 LOVELY BOOT, note the sizing!!! I wear a size 9 in shoes and a 9 1/2 in boots, with a wide width foot and normal, slender-to-muscular calf.This boot is a 5-star boot, quality-wise, but the sizing is too skewed. I purchase boots often, from different manufacturers, and am usually able to get my true size. With this boot, I ordered a 9 1/2 at first. It arrived quickly (I have Amazon Prime, free 2-day shipping) and I tried it on. It did not go on my foot at all. Calf and ankle were fine.I returned it according to directions and Amazon is AMAZING with returns. They shipped me the next size up as I requested, and they shipped immediately -- not waiting for my other boots to get back to them. I received the new pair in about 3 days.This time, it was size 10. My foot fits in it with thinnest dress socks, but not any other socks, and I had to really shove my poor foot in it. It fit -- but would need several hours to "work in". This is okay, I have to do this with riding boots (equestrian), but I had hoped the fit would have been truer. The calf was only slightly too big now and the ankle was good.I could have "worked it in," but I decided to return it once I looked in the mirror. A size 10 boot looks unnatural with my size. So I abandoned buying this boot. As always, Amazon was wonderful with the returns process (just be sure to be prompt).If you have a narrow foot and a normal ankle and calf, you will be happy with this boot. It is top-notch quality for the price.
B001760K56 Seem nice Well, I'll start by saying that I could not zip this boot up around my 151/2in. calf. Only could get the zipper up half way. Also, the boot runs very long. I take size seven in shoes and have regular-wide feet. These were 2inches too long for me.i ordered them in size 7wide. So order down a size or size and a half. And if you have 15in. Calves or bigger, these won't fit. Now, on the brighter side. They are a beautiful brown, super soft leather. Unlike other Tinberland boots I've tried, these have a rounded toe, which is nice. They are definitely not dress up boots. I hardly ever dress up and when I do it's low key. But these are even too casual/biker boot, for me. They are kind of manly looking, but definitely feminine enough for casual wear. If you are looking for a boot that is for casual wear, and maybe to wear with a jean or khaki skirt, then these are good. The buckle on top is strictly for looks and doesn't stretch the calf width. I have no idea about comfort when wearing these out because I'm returning them. But Timberland is supposed to be a comfort boot. Now, if you are looking for a similar boot, yet something that looks amazing whether dressed up or down, check out the Corso Como Gage Boot.They  also fit wider calves and semi-wide feet. I have a review on them under their sight on amazon. You will love them!
B001760K56 Classy & punky - awesome boots for work or play These are seriously great boots.  You can feel that they are well made, the leather is supple, the shaft feels sturdy.  They fit snugly through the ankle and have enough room for muscular calves (I often have trouble zipping up boots in stores).  The insole is comfy and supportive, the soles are quiet and bouncy but have great treads.  I usually wear an 8 1/2 to 9 -  I purchased the 8 1/2 and it feels fine - enough room for toes and they don't slide up the heel when you take a step.  I got the light brown color, and I think they will get a little scuffy, but in an awesome looking, worn-in kind of way.  They are nice enough to wear with a skirt to work, but hardy enough for a long walk through the city.  I can't express how satisfied I am with these boots.
B001760K56 motorcycle boots Love these boots. My only complaint is that I ordered a size 9 and could have used an 8 1/2. I think they run a bit large. Still, though, they are very comfortable and great for riding my harley. They are tall on the leg and fit well. I will probably get another pair when these wear out.
B001760K56 "If the shoe fits, wear it!" Thanks to reading many of the (130+) other reviews before I ordered these boots, I finally found the perfect brown riding-style boot for my hard-to-fit narrow feet.  Since I started a brown boots search last fall, I ordered no fewer than EIGHT pairs of brown winter boots off the internet & in stores, only to return ALL of them -- that is until these boots arrived. I still had two pairs of Cole Haan boots and was trying to make one work when these Timberland's arrived from Amazon, and after walking around on carpet in all three pairs, there was absolutely no comparison.  These Timberland boots are 10x more comfortable right out of the box than either of the Cole Haans (with fancy Nike Air cushion technology in them, even!).  There is enough room at the end of the toe to feel like an 8 N or 8 slim - which is good for wearing with winter socks, and I am confident that the width will accommodate thick socks even if the boots have to stretch a little.  The expensive Cole Haans went back, saving me a lot of coin!It is important to note that although I am a solid 7.5 Slim (AAA) size, especially in heels, sometimes I can get away with not just a Narrow (AA) but a Medium (B) width, in boots that have a low heel.  I've also learned that one 1/2 size down and a medium width is very likely to work -- if the boots are leather and/or will stretch a little, and the shoe runs narrow. This is why a 7M fits me perfectly in this boot. There is very little size difference  between a 7M and a 7.5N when they cut shoe sizes out anyway (a shoe salesman whose father manufactured shoes told me that once, and it has helped me find shoes that fit ever since).The bottom line: Timberland's Womens Lexxis boot runs VERY narrow, to the point of being almost a SLIM, AND 1/2 to 1 full size longer than it is sized. If you are not a slim, the leather seems like it could stretch to fit quickly - but they will still be narrow. It is a made of good-quality leather that is a more of a yellowish/chocolate brown than a reddish/dark brown, and has a matte suede look while definitely being a nappa-type leather and not suede (seems much easier to clean than suede).  They feel like they were made for me, look good, and seem like they'll hold up through a lot of winters and bad weather.Possible cons: the boot is lined with a synthetic fabric, and has a faux buckle on the ankle that is sewed into place (non-adjustable) -- but both of these things are likely reasons why they are more affordable than other leather boots. Even so, the comfortable footbed/low heel, the stable, durable-looking lug sole, and the decently fitting calf (I am petite and don't have big calves) overcame all my worries about not sending yet another pair back.  Plus, I think the leather is durable enough that they will conform perfectly to my feet and become favorites.  I've worn them several times now with no problems at all.
B001760K56 Timberland has been redeemed in my eyes I ordered this boot rather reluctantly after searching for the same style in other brands and not finding one in my price range.  I had owned a pair of Timberland hiking boots a while ago that were not actually effective for hiking.  This had turned my opinion of their shoes a bit sour.  This pair of boots turns that around.The quality of the leather, as other posters noted, is superior.  It is hard to find boots of this quality at this price in stores where I live.  The sizing was a little weird.  I ordered my "new" size (my feet have gone up a half-size), and I can see what other posters were talking about with the boot's length being a bit out of proportion.Also, they do start out on the narrow side, but I have worn them for a few weeks now with thin insoles and regular boot socks and, sure enough, the leather is relaxing to conform to the shape of my foot.  This was without discomfort, so if you get these and they are pinching at all, go a half-size up.The boot is comfy, warm and breathable now, and I am very happy with my purchase.  I have even worn them on rainy days, and they didn't stain.  Style-wise, I would have preferred it with a wider toebox, but this is Timberland, not Frye.  I am satisfied!
B001760K56 Great boots Love these boots.  They look nice but are practical and the price was great for real leather.  The traction was important for winter time also.  The drawback is finding the correct size as they do run small as others have reported.  Normally I wear an 8 regular which was too tight, made my feet start to feel numb.  I decided to go up a whole size and that was too much.  I ended up with an 8.5 regular (the wide was also slightly too big).  I put some insoles in to add a little cushion and they fit great.
B001760K56 Like I like them a lot! Very soft leather. I usually like to wear 6.5, but I ordered 6 this time, and they fit well. Seems a little longer.
B001760K56 Fantastic Boots!!! All around Fantastic Boots!Excellent fit.  I wear 71/2. Ordered 71/2.Perfect fit!Not only sturdy, Beautiful also.Nice leather---Leather.  Not imitation,  butReal leather.Uppers & lower parts of the boots.They feel amazing on your legs & feet.Comfy & supporting.The tread is similar to hiking boot tread, which was a great selling point for me, as I have an active lifestyle & need an  around useful foot wear.They have a heel that looks nice with tights & skirts, but doesn't take away from their usefulness in bad weather.Yes, I would order this brand from Amazon again. Quick shipping & good communication on status of order.
B001760K56 Wow! Much nicer than I had expected! Wow! The quality of these boots far surpass the cost. The leather is fantastic. It's incredibly durable yet soft and comfortable right out of the box. I can tell it's going to age to perfection. As far as the fit I am 5 foot five slender to athletic build and these fit me like a glove. I read a lot of the reviews and was a little nervous about the fit in calves and ankles but I am very pleased. I imagine if you have an average/slender build these boots will work out great. These are by far the perfect winter boot. I decided this year that I wasn't going to destroy all of my boots thinking that they could hold up to the snow and yuck if I was just running to the car and to the restaurant only to find out that they couldn't. These babies can! And they look great! I can't believe I paid less than $250 for these boots! Bargin of the century!
B001760K56 Super hot boots, but... I received these boots on time and immediately took them to the shoe cobbler due to all of the reviews.  I guess I have a little fatter calves then some and with the adjustable strap at the top they were fine.  I had the cobbler stretch the instep and shaft of the boot.  Even after the stretch, the instep is seriously tight and I dont have abnormaly high insteps.  I am hoping with all the wearing of them that I am doing will eventually help ease this a bit. All in all a great boot but only a 4 due to the ridiculously tight instep.
B001760K56 I love these boots, have worn them almost every day since they arrived. Thank you Timberland for getting it right! I love these boots. Coming from a curvy woman with athletic calves... All I had to do was a little reserach on how to slightly stretch the leather and they fit like a glove. I have to say, don't give up. These boots are beautiful. My husband has commented on how much more feminine they look then my previous favorite enginere boots. My calves are almost 18 inches so I bought a size larger. I am usually an eight but I ordered a 9. With a little alcohol and water spray around the seems, they have stretched out beautifully and the qualitiy of the boot is impecible. Great leather, great stretch, great zippers equals great fit. Thank you Timberland for getting it right!!!
B001760K56 Gorgeous leather, great quality, comfortable! I love my new boots.  They wear like they're already worn in.  They do fit a bit bigger than I expected.  I wear a size 8 tennis shoe, a size 7 1/2 boot.  I had read previous people felt these fit fairly large and to go down a size, so I went with a 7.  Wish I had gotten the 6 1/2... but with thicker socks, this one will do just fine.  Very good quality boot over all. Can't wait to wear them to work as I'm on my feet all day and these provide great support.  No issues with calf fit.  And I have pretty athletic calves.... nothing too crazy, but not skinny calves by any means.
B001760K56 Very nice, great buy! I bought this boot in brown and loved them so much I ordered the black ones too. I'm 5'2 and they fit great in length and also the shaft size. I find many boots are too sloppy for me at the top of the shaft but these fit perfectly when I tuck my skinny jeans in. I hope they keep making them because I'll want another pair of each when I wear these out.
B001760K56 tight fit These were beautiful boots that just didn't fit.  The foot was too long (I wear a pretty true size 6), and the leg was WAY too tight.  I was surprised.  Perhaps these were meant for a really tall woman with super skinny legs.
B001760K56 Comfortable boots I got these and I like them alot, desipe the fact that the small round metal conch on the ankle came off one of one of my boots (it's just decorative and it doesn't bother me) within a week of me wearing them. The boots fit correct to size and are comfortable. The boot fits snuggly to the calf which makes them more comfortable to wear with skinny jeans or leggings or with jeans worn over them with makes them look like normal cowboy boots.
B001760K56 Not what I was looking for... These boots are amongst several pairs that I've ordered over the last few weeks in my search for the perfect pair of brown boots. Although I have fairly narrow feet, and I ordered a 1/2 size down (due to what I read from other reviews) I could barely get these boots on. It's not that they were too narrow - it's that there wasn't enough room in the top of the foot area on the boot. Once I was able to squeeze my foot in, the width was fine. Weird. Also - if you're looking for a high boot, this isn't for you. I'm 5'6&#34; and these looked more like a mid-calf boot on me...not what I was looking for. Additionally, the material of these boots is more like a suede/soft leather (that will show marks), not a smooth polished leather.
B001760K56 Timberland Lexiss Boot After reading reviews I ordered a size up (10 M)  Boot looked HUGE but foot still too small! Foot looked like a man's size but so stiff I could not get high arch into the leather.  With a super thin sock I got it on but they're going back. I liked the boot but foot as hard as a rock. 90% of appeal was that nice looking leather. Like it would age well and get softer. Ha!
B001760K56 beautiful comfort! I am 5'4" 118 lbs with skinny calves and these are the best fitting boots I've ever had. I have to adjust the strap to the last notch at the top but at least it is there to adjust! I was glad to have read the reviews previous stating how they were tight at first, because they are pretty snug right now but not uncomfortably so. The leather is gorgeous and the soles are wonderfully sturdy. I can see myself wearing these for many years to come. FINALLY a great pair of well-made, classic, affordable boots!
B001760K56 Decent enough I just got these boots in today.  I ordered a 6W.  I usually order 6 1/2, but after reading the reviews I decided to size down.  I may possibly be able to fit a 5 1/2, but I wouldn't want to take that chance of it being too snug of fit.I am 5ft tall, so the length of the shoe is appropriate.  It reaches about 2 inches below my knee.The widest part of my calf is about 13 1/4 of an inch.  I was worried that ordering a wide fit would be too wide and slouchy, but to my surprise, it's not.  I actually had a bit of a hard time trying to zip it up.  With a little bit of squeezing and tugging, I was able to zip it all they way up, and I am wearing it right now as I am writing this review, hoping I'll be able to break it in before my trip to Chicago next week.
B001760K56 Fit is not as good as prior similar boots I have had two prior Timberland boots of a very similar style and had hoped this would be a replacement. The fit around the ankles is much too wide. I shall keep the boot, since I like the brand, but I need to improve the fit by wearing extra socks and such.
B001760K56 Stylish, comfortable, well worth the price! Because I relied on reviews before I purchased this product, I wanted to contribute with my experience.I bought these boots in dark brown for a  business trip to Prague in the month of February: I needed something warm, could handle wet weather well, and would be comfortable for lots of walking on cobblestone streets.  I also wanted something professional enough to wear within the office, but also fashionable to wear after hours.  These boots ended up working perfectly!  I wore them every day, morning to late night, for several days straight, and my feet were never sore or wishing for a change in footwear.  It rained over several days, and my feet were always dry and warm.  I didn't get a chance to test them in snow, but the tread was so great I would definitely trust them in snowy and icy conditions.These boots do fit a little strange around the foot.  I wear a size 8.5 or 9, and have an average width and high arch.  Based on reviews indicating they ran narrow, I bought the wide version of the boot in 8.5.  I found the boots were still pretty snug even for the wide version, but oddly they were long and I had a lot of room in the toe box, even with thick socks.  I almost wonder if I could have ordered an 8 instead, but the 8.5 was sufficient.I'm an average size woman (size 8) but also have pretty developed calves (16"+ circumference), and finding boots is also a hassle for me.  I was nervous about the opening, and they did end up feeling pretty snug, but it was tolerable. I was able to wear socks and skinny jeans tucked in. Only with really thick layers tucked in did the zipper start to fall because my calves are so large, but it wasn't a significant issue.  The adjustable buckle at the top really helped.  The boots hit me about 2" below my knee (I'm 5'6").I would recommend others water-proof them if you're worried about water-spots or scuffs, although it's not necessary for overall performance of the boot.  I like the weathered look (it leather even looks great with imperfections).  Even with the few minor sizing/fit issues, I'm still very pleased with this purchase and definitely recommend these boots.
B001760K56 Looks great and feels great!! I was looking for a stylish, tall boot with buckles for this season's skinny jeans, and this boot is perfect.  Not only are they beautifully made and stylish, but the lug tread sole means they are also practical on ice and snow.  I think they run a bit large, but with an extra pair of socks, they are at least as warm, if not warmer than any other insulated boot.  Plus, the fact that they are high and close fitting around the calves (not tight, but nicely close - and I have skinny calves), means they act as a layer of insulation almost to the knees!  I have worn these boots more this cold Michigan winter than my fur-lined insulated boots without looking like I'm bundled up for winter.  I would recommend these boots to anyone who wants to look good and feel good this winter.
B001760K56 Love this boot!! I am so glad I ordered this boots. They do run long.I usually wear 8.5 or 9. I ordered a 9 wide and they are a little long but work with thick socks.I also have large calves and can still wear them with skinny jeans tucked in.They also look great with a dress
B001760K56 So happy! I've been looking for boots for some time now and didn't want to spend a fortune on them.  I wanted them to be for the winter but stylish enough to wear with a dress and they certainly are everything that I wanted.  I usually wear a 7 1/2 to 8 and ordered an 8 and they fit perfect.  I work out 3 times a week and my calves are solid (not overly big) but I don't always fit in boots.  I can just zip them up without being too tight with slim jeans on.  I would definitely refer them to anyone.
B001760K56 Wish I could wear them.... I read the reviews and was interested in buying this product. When it arrived, I was so excited because the leather was beautiful, even more so than in the picture because it had a slightly 'distressed' look that I love. However, the toes were about an inch too long (I ordered an 8 which is my size) and the calf was reeeeeally tight. It may have loosened with time, but there is NO way I'd be able to wear them over my skinny jeans. Also the ankle was really really loose and had folds of fabric that didn't look right(just because it wasn't tight enough there). I don't have 'athletic' or 'big' calves by any means...sure wish I could wear these, but I have to return them. =(
B001760K56 Handsome Boots - one minor flaw Thanks to all the reviews, I, who is 5'6" with normal size calf (13.75) and usually wear a 7.5 M for boots, got the 7 C/D  and the feet/toes area fit comfortably.  I did put in air cushions to tighten up the fit just a little.  Honestly, the wide let me zip up just snugly with a pair of long skinny jeans; so the M would not have worked out at all.  I don't know how much the leather will loosen up and stretch after a few wears; but even if it did, the fit should give me room to wear with the not-so-skinny jeans. The leather is nice and smooth but not flimsy at all, and I feel very solid and safe in this leather with the lining and lug soles.  Even though the leather is already water resistant, I still liberally sprayed on waterproof sprays just to be double safe.  My only complaint is that I was looking for a pair of tall boots - and while the description says this is a 15" shaft, it's only about 13.5".  So, I am disappointed in this regard.  I might buy another pair if it is indeed 15" shaft.  But otherwise, this is perfect for winter weather wear, practical but stylish and safe at the same time,  and I don't need to sacrifice my nice dressy boots. Highly recommended.
B001760K56 Great boot! Received mine on 3/13/13...  Based on other reviews I was expecting a good quality, comfortable boot for the price - these boots did not disappoint.Wonderful, soft leather, sturdy zippers and a very nice fit.  I agree with other reviewers that this boot fits snug on the calf - shaft width is slim.  I have a small frame and slender legs and the boots fit great even with jeans tucked in.  Boots fit true to size.  Nice arch support, comfy footbed, just love them!I'd buy these again...they are worth 2x what I paid for them and will be my go-to boots for many years to come.
B001760K56 I love it! As a size 10 shoe with a 15 and a half calf I was worried it would be tight in the calf. Because this one has a little expansion buckle int he calf, it fits perfectly....even with jeans and knee high socks (thin ones).It does run narrow. I don't think I can wear thick socks with them.I love the boots though.They are very comfortable and good looking!
B001760K56 Great casual brown boot I really like this boot. I already own Timberland hiking boots and had a feeling I'd like these as well because they are the same leather as the hiking boots.  The great thing about them is you can dress them up or down.  I have paired them with a skirt, skinny jeans and under boot cut jeans.  Also, I have a hard time finding boots for my small calves and ankles.  These are not a problem for me at all in that department.  Lastly, I found these to be true to size.  I am an 8M and ordered an 8M despite the comments that they run narrow.
B001760K56 Love the boots I have to echo the comments of others that this boot runs long and narrow.  I'm normally 6.5M, but based on reviews, I got a 6W and the fit is great.  As reference, I'm 5'2" with small calves.  The only negative is that the leather is not as heavy as I thought it would be.
B001760K56 Timberland boots are excellent quality! This is my second pair of Timberland boots I bought from Amazon. I knew the reviews said they were a bit bigger, but the 9 was my only choice. I have a 9 in another style and they fit perfect. These do run a half size larger than the others I bought. They have a narrower look so they do seem a bit big, but I don't care. They are very comfortable and they have a buckle to be adjustable at the top. I can fit my jeans inside them. I have a 14&#34; calf.These boots are better quality as they are a good and seemingly heavier leather and are lined inside. They are not a dressier, smooth leather but, to me they seem, more casual, wearable for everyday and all kinds of weather. I love these, as I do my other Timberland boots. The rubber sole keeps my feet dry unlike a leather dress boot or my cowboy boots with a leather sole. These cost a bit more that my other black TLnd boots, but being lined, this makes sense. Worth it :-)
B001760K56 Bought another pair when the first wore out....LOVE!! I bought these in black & brown back in 2011 because they are so incredibly comfortable & offer real support throughout the entire foot.  I have two jobs that require me to be on my feet for long periods of time & while most shoes/boots rub my toes, don't offer support, my back hurts, etc., by the end of a shift, I never have a problem in these boots.  They are also very cute for everyday use & will keep your feet dry & warm.  I get compliments on them constantly from guys & girls & have 2 of my friends bought a pair after seeing mine.  They have more of a matte finish & the waterproofing works VERY well.  The only reason my black pair finally gave out is that I wear them constantly in the fall/winter months for work & can recall 2 different occasions that I worked in a downpour for HOURS but I failed to condition them or treat them after so I noticed a small hole in the stitching along the zipper.  I will be better about caring for my 2nd pair.  The price is a steal.  As far as fit, I'm normally an 8-8.5 & the 8 in these fit perfectly.  The fit around the calf is comfortably snug around my fairly lean, muscular calves & I wear them on top of skinny jeans or under straight leg jeans.
B001760K56 Heartbroken The boots were exactly what I was looking for.  The footbed is very comfortable, yet sturdy and the shaft is just the right height for me.  Unfortunately, like another reviewer, they were way too tight around the top of my calf (practically pinching), but very loose around the ankle.  I am petite and have average sized calves, so I don't understand why these are made so narrow at the top.  It's just really poor design, fitwise.  As much I love the look of these boots, I just cannot wear them and they are going back.  I'm really disappointed.
B001760K56 Really great boots! These boots are truly great.  I am a size 8.5, or 9 in most shoes, so I got these in a 9 and they fit perfectly right out of the box.  They are narrow on the top of the foot and in the ankle and shaft.  I have pretty slim legs and they fit perfectly, unlike most boots that gap.  The construction is solid, but not too heavy and the leather is soft without being slouchy.  I think they are very stylish and, being waterproof makes them practical, too.  I highly recommend them!
B001760K56 My goto winter boots . . . These boots are great.  When I first received them, I was going to return them.  They were too tight and I wanted something a bit looser at the top so as not to accentuate my calves.  I set them aside for a day and tried them on again and they had stretched just enough.  My calves measure 14.5 inches at the widest part and I ordered a size 7.  Now, I can comfortably wear these over all of my skinny jeans and even ones that aren't if I tuck them just right.  Anyway, if you are on the fence about these...order them.  They are a great pair of brown, casual boots that should last a while.
B001760K56 Best purchase I ever made Just got the boots in the mail.  I wear an 11 and I have a wide calf, so it's very difficult to find boots that fit my calf in my size.  These Timberland Lexiss boots fit the bill.  I tried them on and they fit perfectly around my calves, without me having to loosen the buckle on either boot. I also found that these boot are a little roomy around the foot so if you need a your size in a wide, you may be able to get away with the regular b/m size.  Overall, these boots are the best investment a woman with a large foot can make.  I plan on getting the EarthKeepers Bethel in whatever color they have left in an 11.
B001760K56 love them!!! comfortable, look great with leggings, jeans and a skirt. they do not sag in the ankle and fit around the calve snug but not too loose or too tight, which can be a problem for me, most boots fit way to tight at calve
B001760K56 love them! super comfy, water proof (been tested in NYC winters), look great with skinny jeans. I like timberland boots in general, and find they run true to size.
B001760K56 Great Boots! I Love these boots. They fit well, and I really like that the tops fit close to the calves -many tall boots are too wide at the top - thus allowing for more latitude in what I wear them with. I'm not limited to always having to wear "skinny jeans" that tuck inside, can wear with a boot leg over them. Versatile as they're utilitarian & casual or just simple enough to be worn with "dressier" looks.
B001760K56 It's All About The Calf Size First, the good points: The boot is made from good-quality, handsome leather and is well-made.It seems sturdy and durable. It is a bit clunky, with a heavy heel and sole, but has good traction.For me, the problem came with the way the foot and shaft are shaped. My foot is a 7.5 wide. Theshoebox was longer than it needed to be, and looked rather clumsy. By comparison, the shaft ofthe boot is quite narrow. Forget that review from the woman who said her 16" calves fitcomfortably. Mine are closer to 15", and there was no way--apart from some very serious boot-stretching--that the shaft could ever be zipped closed. If you have biggish feet and narrow calves, theboot could work for you. Also, if you want a workhorse leather boot for the winter, and nota sleeker dress boot, this type could be useful. But please pay attention to what I said about thecalf size. For me, it was a deal-breaker.P.S. I should add that Amazon did a good and VERY timely job of processing the return. I sent the boots back yesterday, and today received an email from Amazon informing me that the refund had taken place.
B001760K56 The shaft was not as advertised... These boots are shorter than I expected, since they are not knee high.  I've ordered boots on Amazon before with a 15&#34; inch shaft, and these boots are shorter than those by 1 inch!  The shaft on this pair measures at 14 inches, so it comes about halfway up my calf.  I am not please that they are being advertised as 15 inches.  If I measure outside the boot under the sole at the arch (with the sole being roughly a quarter inch) I measured 14.25 inches.  I put a tape measure inside the boot and the height of the boot measured a bit shy of 14 inches.  I feel this company is falsely advertising and misleading people on how tall the boots are.
B001760K56 I love these boots!! Sooo comfortable!  I ordered a 7 average width.  I have big calves yet I can tuck in my pants.  Just the right amount of accent buckles.  They seemed tight around my foot at first, but I can already feel them stretching.  I could have went with a 6 1/2, but I am not sending them back 'cause they are soooo comfortable and cute.  I am very happy and when they wear out...if ever...I will look to order another pair.
B001760K56 I have large calves and I'm very happy with this boot. I am normally a size 7.5 regular, and I have 14.5" muscular calves. Based on the 120 reviews I read of this boot before I ordered it, I ordered a 6.5 Wide--a major departure for me, and I was nervous. Turns out, the foot fits very well, and it's maybe even a half size still too large, but they feel great, and it may be the way they are designed to fit. As for my calves,it was a tight squeeze over my bare naked legs the first couple of times I wore them, but I was able to stuff a pair of skinny jeans in them and still get them zipped with a little shoe-horn action with my finger; they are tight but comfortable over these jeans, and they've definitely stretched out some as other reviewers have mentioned. Overall, a great boot: the footbed feels well made, the leather is very nice, the look is beautiful and classic, and I'm in love. Good luck.
B001760K56 Awesome boot Love these boots.  Beautiful leather (thick and creamy feeling).  A little snug the first day of wear, but loosened up, by the end of day.  I wore them with leggings and a thinner sock, my goal is to be able to wear with a straight leg jean tucked in.  The buckels on top are adjustable (elastic insert underneath the buckle).  I walk a lot a work and these are so comfortable. Looks great with leggings and skirts/dresses.  They do scuff easily but it can be rub out, I'll use a leather conditioner on them occasionally. I'm a pretty standard size 7 in everything I wear and this is my second pair of Timberlands.
B001760K56 Really comfortable but makes your feet look big! I walk a lot and typically, I wear sneakers. However, during those rainy or snowy days, sneakers really don't cut it. So I decided I needed boots but really comfortable ones so that I could walk at least 3 miles a day in. I decided on Timberlands because I remembered that, while they aren't the most attractive of boots, they were always very serviceable. Well, boy was I surprised that there are so many beautiful boots in their line up now!I decided on the Lexiss because they looked beautiful in the picture. I bought the brown one and I have to say that the color is much lighter than the image. It's more of a medium brown, not a dark brown. However, the fit is perfect. Very comfortable and I have been able to walk a lot in them. I can also stuff my boot leg jeans into them and not have the jeans bunch up; I'm quite comfortable!The one drawback is that they make my feet look huge!! Even the boots themselves look huge. My husband, with size 13 feet, even think they look really large. But they fit great and they are comfortable so I ended up buying another one in black :o)
B001760K56 Timberland Women's Lexiss Boot After reading all 17 reviews, I went ahead and ordered a size 8.5 Wide boots.  I loved the quality and style, but should have realized the calves would never fit into my bigger calves.  The zipper wouldn't go up except for two inches from the bottom.  They were a half size too long, but the width was perfect.  Wish they made them in 17 to 18 inches in diameter around the calves.  Oh well, will be returning them if they don't fit my sister or niece.
B001760K56 Finally, found my boots! Let me start by saying I've been looking for my perfect boots for months now, and I can say I've finally found them. What I was looking for was:- rugged, sturdy sole- good quality leather (waterproof)- style with practicalityLexiss boots fit the bill! But let me tell you, I had to order 5 pairs of these boots to find the right size and fit! I'm a pretty solid 10 but these boots in size 10 are more like 11.5! After trying on 10, 9.5, and 9 (all in Wide fit), I finally decided 9 fits me best. My calves are about 16 inches, and 9W was a bit hard to zip up at first but the leather does stretch, even after wearing the boots at home for a couple hours. Another thing I noticed is that the fit of the brown color is not the same (a bit tighter) as the leather is different (more like nubuck). P.S. Size 10 of these are EUR 42, and size 9 is EUR 40. I'm normally EUR 40.5-41 but these boots definitely do not have standard fit.UPDATE: I ended up returning these boots. The zipper kept damaging my sock (every time I zipped, it created a hole in the sock), and I just decided overall these boots are just too heavy-duty. I need something a bit more feminine.
B001760K56 Beautiful boots! a little loose in the heel, but I'd be wary of getting a smaller size. These are fantastic boots: rich color, real leather, TRACTION. They fit my calf without excess wrinkling, though the ankle does have some bunching that seems unavoidable in any riding boot. The heel is a little loose, but I'm glad I got my regular size. Highly recommend.
B001760K56 Great for slim calves and ankles! I sent these back because they were too short for my leg, but they fit SO nicely otherwise. I usually have big gaps in the shaft, but these fit nice and sleek in both the calf and ankle. The footbed was nice and cushy. I usually wear an 8.5 in shoes/pumps, and the 8 fit perfectly - size 1/2 size down unless you need monster socks. For reference my calves are 14" at the widest part, 13" just after the curve of the calf, and 9" around the ankles.
B001760K56 I wore them for 8 hours the first day and my feet didn't hurt a bit! I have been looking for a nice brown boot for awhile without much luck!  Ordered these after reading mostly amazing reviews and they were right.  They are a really nice leather that softens so nicely with wear, the look is classic with style and they so far seem like the quality one expects from the name &#34;Timberland.&#34;  The ankle area does have some room (but I found it perfect for wearing skinny jeans and thicker socks) and they don't look strange or fall down so I have no issue with that.  My one hesitation when I first got them was the toe area, I usually like a squarish toe and hate the generic rounded/pointed toe that is so common in shoes these days.  These actually almost have a cowboy boot shape (around the foot) and while I hesitated at first, I love the way they look!  They are comfy, stylish and have very quickly made it into my favorite boots category.  I ordered a 7.5 and my toes seem to hit the right spot but would be interested in trying a 7 only because there seems some room in the foot  area and I can't tell if its the shape I am not used to or if it could be slightly smaller.  Honestly I think it is just the shape makes them roomier and more comfortable!
B001760K56 Looks good but. I haven't returned these because i like the way the look even if they're a tad long in the front. The worst part of the boot is they're very tight to get on as with most Timberland boots. I dont think they measure any of their boots correctly. They're so tight around the ankle that when you try to put them on with socks; your socks get pulled tight and when your feet are in the boots it feels like they're choking (for lack of a better word)? i have medium feet with a high arch. Once inside the boot the footbed feels comfortable. Will make up my mind this weekend. If you have snall calves they will fit wonderfully. There are alots of +++ but the tight around the ankle is a major draw back.
B001760K56 Great Boots! These boots are awesome.  I wear them everywhere.  They fit true to size.  I love that the boot has an adjustable buckle on the top.  I can tighten or loosen based on what I am wearing - leggings or jeans.  As other reviewers have said, they are tight in the heel at first, but this softens with wear.  I definitely recommend these boots.
B001760K56 Perfect! I love these! Wore them with my pirate costume for Halloween - walked all over & they were super comfortable. The next week I wore them to work on a cold rainy day & my feet were the only part of me that stayed dry. Cute with jeans,  leggings, skirt, whatever. I normally wear a 9 in shoes or 91/2 in athletic shoes. I decided to go with 91/2 & they are perfect.  Enough room for thicker socks when it's cold. My athletic calves fit comfortably,  even with skinny jeans. Highly recommend these...wish I had a brown pair!
B001760K56 Great brown boot This is a great basic brown boot. I am really just happy that they fit around my calves.  I don't think my calves are freakishly large ~ they measure about 14 1/2 at their widest point.  The problem is that I am short (5'1") and where my calves are their widest does not always coincide with the widest part of the shaft of the boot.  I am a 6.5 in most shoes.  I ordered 6.5 and they better when I put an insole in the boot.  A lot of people mentioned in their reviews to order a half size smaller.  I'm really glad I didn't.  They are slightly narrow, but didn't seem to bother me.  I don't necessarily have narrow feet, but they are bony.The leather looked a little more nubuck in person than it does in the picture, but that doesn't bother me. I think the nap will wear down quickly and become smooth.They were definitely worth their price.
B001760K56 Classic Timberland's I love these boots, they are super comfortable and fit to size. The shaft is stretchy so they are great for those that have small calf's and are looking for a more fitted look than the wider look that is at all the stores. I bought a pair of Timberland's in brown about 2 years ago and I have been looking for this same style in black so I am extremely pleased with them.
B001760K56 Loved the boot...would be nice if I could ZIP IT!!! I absolutely loved the boot! I was excited because I seen some reviews that it fit a little bit big calves (which I think is average sized!) My calves are 15 inches and they would not zip up! The quality of the boot was amazing and so was the style. I really really wanted to have this boot fit. I think its ridiculous that the maker of all boots thinks that all women have chicken legs!! Needless to say I am returning the boot today.
B001760K56 Made for Small Legs/Calves I typically wear a size 7, 5.3 and very athletic - right calf measures bout 15 1/4". The reviews here are conflicting - esp w the Tae Kwan Do sparrer claiming she's got 17" calves and were able to fit into these shoes. I ordered the 6 C/D, and 6.5 B to not take any chances as the reviews for comfort (for walking) were astounding.Quality of the shoe is very good. Sturdy and robust, rugged leather (beautiful). If not for the fit, i would hv wanted to other the other color as well.Size 6 C/D - Shaft ends 2" under the knee cap. I could fit this after a tug, but couldn't zip up the shaft leaving bout 2" unzippable. This felt snug, comfortable.Size 6.5 B - Shaft ends 2" under the knee cap. I could fit this after a tug. On the first attempt i couldn't zip up at all (leaving bout 2" unzipped. Adjusted the strap to the widest configuration. Tried, no luck. After reading the description i retried zipping (more like forced zipping) and was able to zip up the entire way - however, it ate into the flesh of the calve. No way i could get jeans or leggings into this at all. After i zipped it up, i did notice what the other reviewers said that the bottom of the shaft (right above the ankles to mid calf section) 3 or 4" of flopping - ie i hv a feeling this happens to well defined calves & potentially shorter legs - ie shorter people)..I REALLY REALLY Wanted to keep these. I don't know if anyone else have the same calve tightness fit and was able to successfully stretch the leather out to finally fit jeans inside the boot ? (anyone has had any luck ?) I would love to keep them and wait it out as i think these boots are worth it. Otherwise, they are both going back to amazon. Sigh.
B001760K56 So comfortable and classy boots Love these boots. They are definitely made for walking. The size is perfect. Some reviews said that the opening of the boot is small for big calves. The details say that its good for 14.25'' calves. I have 14'' calves and they fit me perfect. I even wore them on top of slim fit jeans and they were bit snug on the calf but i was able to pull up the zipper. Leather stretches as you wear and I'm sure it'll get more comfortable with time. The leather is rugged looking and they look so cool. They are good to wear in snow as well since they have rubberized sole. I think they'll last for long time.
B001760K56 Calf too narrow for me I wear 7.5-8.  I have a 16&#34; calf.  I could not zip them up, so I had to return them.
B001760K56 I don't love it like I thought I would Some of the reviews were confusing as to whether or not the boot would be a slim fit or not. I have small ankles, small calves, and a normal size 7 in shoes. My other boots (just ankle tall work boots) are a 7 (USA) and they fit fine. I ordered these in a 7 after reading many of the comments. I would say that I agree with the buyers who said it fit SLIM or SMALL and that if you are a wider size in your ankle,calve, or foot that you may want to go a half size up from your regular size. If you have wide ankles or very muscular calves-this may not be the boot for you. I know that leather will stretch, so my husband said to just break them in and they will form to my foot better. I would not say you could wear thick woolly socks with these.Pros: Nice dark brown color. Real leather. Decent price. Thick rubber soles that have good traction. Comfortable arch support. very cute in person. Sleek and simple design. The heel isn't as tall as you would think from the pictures. It hits just below my knee bone, I am 5'4&#34;.Cons: Slim fit(for some people) Narrow at the toe(for me, my foot is wide from heel to toe) Has more of a slim Western style to it than I thought in the pictures.WARNING: It may just be me, but my box came in the mail absolutely demolished. I was worried that the boots were ruined it was so bad. The box had merely been slipped into a shipping bag and then my postal service put a &#34;rain protector&#34; bag over that. It was a severely poor packaging job. My boots have some water spots and wear marks on them, but I suspect that was from the seller. All in all, very bad mailing job.
B001760K56 Not right for me This boot was a bit too manly even for me. I bought this under the opinion that it would fit my 15-inch calves but it didn't. Overall I was unimpressed with the design and fit.
B001760K56 Tight around calves I love the boots but they are a little TIGHT around my bigger calves.  This surprised me as I measured my calves and there should have been a ittle room to spare. The only way I can zip them, is to lay on my back and put my legs in the air, THEN I can zip them. If I stand, I can NOT zip them, there is a sizable gap  If I keep them, I pray they stretch a little.  That being said, they are a quailty boot.  But if you measure your calf and think you have room to spare - think again.
B001760K56 Great boot, but. The Lexis Timberland boot was my latest Timberland boot purchase, a brand I stand by for fall boots.I live in Alaska and was looking for a lower heeled boot with a lug-ish type sole. I received these yesterday, and can say that I am over-all pleased. I did size up to a 9, I'm usually an 8.5. I did this as I was concerned about calf circumference. I have 15" calves, exactly and sizing up was a very good call. The leather is quality, buttery, will definitely give some over time. My only issue with ordering half-size up is that my foot looks a tad longer than I like, but it is something only I notice. The basic issue I have with the boot is that the shaft height is not where I would like it to be. On me, 5'7" with 32 inch inseam and shorter torso, the shaft ends three (3) inches below my knee. This is something I will correct fashion-wise with pretty knee socks. The boots have that kick-a**, rugged look I wanted. I'm wearing them around the house right now just to break-in a bit. They do run a tad narrow, but again, the leather is high-quality and will stretch. I got the black and it is supple, more of a dark charcoal than a true midnight-black. It is by all means "black", but for reference, I own a pair of Anne Klein high heeled boots that are a "shinier" black leather and they appear a little darker.  I am overall very happy with these new boots. I will be wearing mine with skinny jeans, cord skirts, jean skirts, and maxi dresses.
B001760K56 Nice boots, broken in quickly and just the right price! I'm cheap and hard to please (a sad combination when it comes to buying shoes/boots!!)--and happy to announce that these boots are great.  Ordered my regular shoe size which turned out a bit too large.  Returned them easily via UPS and reordered a half size smaller which were fine.  (As others have noted, the calf of the boot is narrow--I can only wear slim socks with them.  The buckle at the calf gives you a little "wiggle room" but not much, maybe an inch at the most.)I've been looking for reasonably priced well-fitting boots for a long time so I'm thrilled just to have something to pull on quickly which looks nice, works well and doesn't hurt my feet...oh, yeah and they break in immediately!  Fantastic. PS.  They are not really "knee-high"--more like "upper-calf" high!
B001760K56 A very slim fit; buy a half size large and a full size if you want to tuck your jeans These run very slim.  I am 5'2" and athletic with muscular but not large calves.  As someone else wrote, these do really fit like a sock unless you go up a bit in size.  I wear a 7.5 and bought a 7.5 and will not be able to tuck my jeans into these boots because they fit so snugly.  Won't be a problem under jeans, but over isn't going to happen.  Well constructed and comfortable though.
B001760K56 Excellent boot I could almost give this boot 5 stars, except that my ideal boot would be a bit less chunky, a bit more elegant looking, but wear as well as this one does. But it's hard to find a boot like that. So what does this boot have going for it? It fits really well (requires a bit of wearing in for the leather to stretch to your feet, the right boot was tighter for some reason, but stretched fine). The shank really supports the foot (I have high arches) and the outer sole and heel are sturdy rubber, so you can walk in it all day and not feel tired. The leather is natural and strong and resists rain pretty well (could probably treat it for more rain resistance if necessary). I have slender calves (about 13 inches) and there is plenty of room to fit pants inside the boots; people with medium calves should still be able to fit narrow pants into the boots too. I also wear the boots with skirts for a casual hip look. My college-age daughter loves the boots and wears the same size 7 boot in this style that I wear though she usually wears a 7 1/2 in other shoes (there is a little extra length in the foot that seems to accommodate this size range, though if your foot is wider, one should definitely buy the wider width).
B001760K56 Beautiful boot, but not meant for wide calves I purchased this boot based on a review from another buyer regarding the calf width.  Although it is advertised as a 15" calf, she stated she has 17" calves and they fit.  I did not find this to be the case, but will take it in to a shoe repair to have an elastic gusset added.CONS- I am shorter (5'3") and have 16" calves and these boots only zip half way up.- Although it looks as if there is an elastic gusset on the side, it is actually a cut piece of leather and doesn't stretch even when the buckle is adjusted at the top.- Footbed is narrowPROS- Beautiful leather- With a straight seam, a gusset can be added to the back to allow for a wider calf.  Check with local shoe repair on costs!- Ankle fit is great, not overly large.- Leather does expand for additional room in footbed.
B001760K56 Great boots, but consider ordering a half size down First off, I love these boots! They are nice and rugged without being sloppy, and look great with skirts AND jeans.  They are a little loose around the ankle, but that makes it easier for me to tuck in my jeans without them feeling bunched up.  They have been waterproof so far, but I think I'll spray them just in case.  They do run a little big though! I normally wear a 7.5, so that's what I ordered.  However, they were very long (more like an 8.5 or 9!), though the width wasn't bad.  Sent them back and got a 7 instead. They fit perfectly, and even have a little extra room for thick socks!
B001760K56 Love My Boots These boots arrived and I love them.  They solved all my problems.  Normally boots are too tall for my 5' self; but, these are just fine.  I have muscular dancer's calves (14 1/2") but these fit just fine.  Snug but fine.  I wanted a 2" comfortable heel that I can walk around New York City in and these fit the bill.  They're a pretty brown color and feel comfortable already, just need a little time for the leather to soften.  Highly recommended.  Cheaper and better than Frye IMHO.  Tomorrow our first Fall weather and I'm ready!
B001760K56 Love these boots! These boots are nice and comfy and look like they are made of durable material.  I'm glad I got these instead of those dressy boots which would have been impractical.  The footbed is soft and cushy, and is quite thick so it gives good support.  The leather is smooth and soft, and does look like it will withstand rain and snow.  The design is simple with nice buckles, and is neither too formal nor rugged.  I got the dark brown which is a nice color and looks as pictured.  The only problem was the sizing, which was way off, but I read all the reviews on this site before buying so I knew I had to size down.  I normally wear a 6.5 or 7 for running shoes, but these boots in size 5.5 fit me perfectly with enough room for socks.  I have fairly small calves and the boots fit them well with the buckle at the tightest setting.  My feet are fairly narrow and even though I got the boots with wider width, they fit quite snugly but without being tight.
B001760K56 My stylish MC Boots I absolutely love these boots!! I love their matte black look and they are comfortable; perfect fit, I received several compliments on them,I've been looking for boots like these for a while now. I'm please to say that I finally found them.worth every penny..I read a few derogatory things these people apparently didn't measure or know there measurements around their calf etc..because my calf is about a 14" and I'm 5'7" and curvy, athletic and I normally don't like how certain boots look however these fit like a glove..
B001760K56 I love these boots! After reading that these run narrow in the calf area, I was a little worried.  I am a normal sized woman, definitely not dainty (5'8", 150 lbs).  I got them last night and they are PERFECT.  They feel wonderful and fit well right out of the box.  They feel very true to size (I am a 9) and the calf is just right around my leg.  I can wear them with tights and they won't gap and today I have skinny jeans in them and they are fine also.  Heel height is good and these have nice tread on the bottom so they won't slide around.The only thing I would wish to be different is that I wish they were a little taller.  I would rather have them about 2 inches higher on my leg.  However, I am tall and have long legs so I'll be they are perfect if you are a little shorter.Note:  These boots are suede-type leather rather than distressed or nubuck.Did I say I love them??!!!!
B001760K56 Fits great! I was a bit hesitant to order boots online, as I have large calves. After reading the reviews, I decided to give it a try. I love these boots! They fit beautifully. No problems at all in the calf area. I am looking forward to wearing them with skirts and pants in the fall and winter. The leather is beautiful and the boots are well-made. Living in Michigan, I wanted to make sure that any boots that I purchased had good tread on the bottom. The tread on these boots is perfect. I would highly recommend them. I feel that they can be dressed up or dressed down, depending upon how you want to wear them.
B001760K56 Great practical all-weather boot I have worn these boots all day - both to work and on dog walks in deep snow - for about 4 days since I got them, and I love them! I have a narrow size 8.5 foot and the 8 is a perfect fit, maybe even a bit big. I also have muscular calves and, while the boot top is tight, I loosened the top strap and can wear jeans tucked into the boots. The sole is super grippy. The boots are not insulated but are lined, and they keep my feet and ankles warm enough even in sub-freezing weather. They look great with skirts or with pants. I got the brown color; within the first hour or two I had scuffed the top of one boot but now I can't even tell because the nap on the boots hides marks very well.
B001760K56 Liked the boot, shaft to big for skinny calf Liked this boot, leather and craftsmanship was nice, but in size 9 the shaft was too big for my 14 inch calf.
B001760K56 beautiful boots Very good quality leather, they are comfortable for a long day walk.  they are true size and yes if you have big calves don't buy, my calves are very curvy and they were a little tight but i loose the buckle and they were perfect, I can even tuck my jeans love this boots.
B001760K56 First Tall Boots, Cannot be More Satisfied. **DO NOT WORRY IF THE BOOT IS SLIGHTLY TOO TIGHT OR TOO TIGHT.  IT will loosen up in just weeks**.  I went through so much crap to get these boots, but in the end, can't be more satisfied.  Originally I purchased a pair of Blondo at the store but after looking on the internet and re-think it, i figured the calves were too big.  This is the first time I've ever purchased tall boots and I'm very indecisive.  Then when I tried to return it, they had these Timberland ones which looks so much better so i got at size 6.  When I got home and tried it on several times, I noticed more and more how the left size is smaller and much harder to get into.  I usually wear 6.5 to 7 but the size 6 is super tight with thick socks and narrow with tons of toe room, though still fits.  so i went back to the store and tried their 6.5 which fits ok, but it made my feet look like clown feet.  So I returned them completely and found on Amazon that they had wide sizes.  After reading the reviews, I was positive if I order a size 6C, it would be too big (as the reviews said).  So I order a size 5.5C and OMG they fit just right, it's tight but after a couple of weeks, the leather softens...now it's super comfortable, i can even wear thick socks and it's not loose at all in the heel.  Perfect toe room.  I dont like my shoes loose so I love these boots.  I wish they had more in stock in Tan color because I really want to buy them.  The calves on the boot are also not huge like others I've tried on.  I'm 5'2 and 110 lbs and these boots don't make my feet look huge.  Happy.
B001760K56 Fantastically Wonderful Boots!!! After agonizing over ordering these boots, I finally spent the money and got them in yesterday.  I'm sooooooo glad I did!!  They are so comfortable I don't want to take them off.  I wear a 6.5 (sometimes narrow) in all my shoes, but I ordered a 6 since Timberlands run long.  The fit is snug (but comfortable) on the sides with plenty of room in the toe for thicker socks.  I tried on a pair of Timberland boots at a department store just to be sure of the size before I ordered these.  The leather is so soft and I love the style.  I'm 5'2" and the boot hits about 1.5"-2" below my knee and fits perfectly around my calf (which is about 13") but still leaves room for skinny jeans.  The sole is very substantial which should come in handy for all the walking I do in Philly.  These boots will go with everything and I *almost* can't wait for it to get cold enough to wear them everday.  Most of the reviews seemed very accurate to me so if you're thinking about ordering them...do so...you'll be glad you did.*Update*  I've worn these boots all winter and love them even more now.  They are comfortable enough to wear all day no matter how much walking I'm doing.  You'll want them a little snug on the sides of your foot and the heel so the boot can mold to the shape of your foot.  The heavy sole is great for walking in snow and ice.  I sprayed them with a nubuck leather waterproofing spray and they did great and have stayed very clean.  These boots are still worth commenting about 4 months later :)
B001760K56 Love these boots! I took the advice from other reviewers and though I am always a true size 9, I ordered 8.5 and glad I did. The boots fit beautifully and are exceptionally comfortable. Yes they were slightly snug the first day but after that, fit perfectly. My calves are on the thin side and these are the first boots I have (finally!) found that are somewhat snug on my calves -- but that is exactly what I wanted. The leather is a nice quality. I am a die-hard Frye boot fan/wearer and am very pleased with the quality of these Timberlands. I have worn these with skirts/dresses and also with pants tucked in and not tucked in and love the way they look and feel.
B001760K56 Exceptional quality These are a great pair of boots, nice looking and well-made. There are three things I have an issue with though.* They are not exactly leather - more like a brushed suede. Not as fuzzy as regular suede, but not smooth like leather either. I don't mind that, in fact it's pretty nice. Just thought others might want to know before buying.*Timberland makes a great quality boot, however they are not proportioned for a woman's foot. It's not just Timberland, most shoe mfg. are doing the same thing. Women have a more narrow heel and are wider in the front of the foot then men. Our feet, like the rest of our bodies, are shaped differently then men are, and shoes should be made to fit us properly.*On the same note, the calves of boots should reflect the size of the foot bed. It seems like that would be a no-brainer, yet you see this in every boot on the market - 14-15 inch calves no matter the size. Hey, people, the bigger the foot, generally the bigger the leg.The fit is the main draw back as far as I'm concerned.These boots would not zip up at first for me. Like other reviewers said though, I gave them a couple tries and they did stretch out just fine. The buckle that you can supposedly adjust? Not too much. It'll give you about an extra 1/8th inch.They do require a little breaking in, but once softened up I found them comfortable enough to wear all day. They seem sturdy enough to last for years, but the leather is already showing smooth areas where the fuzzy is wearing off, getting shiny. That distressed look is fine with me.
B001760OQQ Gorgeous boot! Just purchaseed Tan boots from Amazon/Timberland. Very sharp/stylish boots and leather/color is beautiful. Yes, they are a little stiff at first but conform to foot after a few wearings (a little discomfort is the price for beauty!)  The shaft height is perfect for jeans, long or short skirts. I have this Timberland lace boot in several colors/heights. I ordered a 1/2 size down because the toe box is long.  Consequently, the instep is tight at first, but relaxes after few wearings. The compliments EVERY time I wear them make it all worth while!
B001760QX2 Great Boots; Beware of Calf These are really nice boots.  The leather is stiff, but I suspect it will break in and last forever.  Construction is solid, and they look great.Two things to note.  First, a number of people commented about the shoe size running small.  My wife was a 9.5, but with losing weight shrank to a 9.  Because of availability and comments about sizes running small, I bought the 9.5 and it fit her.Second, a number of people noted the large calf size.  My wife is 5'6" and has a large calf that starts low.  She could not close the boot, as the elastic top was above her bulge.  It was close, and she's always struggled with boots, but it did not fit.  We love the boot so much we are visiting a cobbler after the holidays to fix the problem.I had a small issue with Amazon sending it to the wrong address; I can accept part of the blame, but their response to my questions was long yet accepted none of their responsibility or an attempt to make things right (they suggested, lamely, that my issues were a UPS problem now and made no attempt to refund shipping or even offer any help in reordering should the product come back undeliverable).  That this all happened on the day before Xmas (I shipped 2-Day for this reason, and had nothing but a headache over those 48 hours) really made it a horrible experience.In the end, the boots are great.
B001BFMX30 GORGEOUS As usual, you can NEVER go wrong with boots from Timberland. The comfort is simply top-notch, and you can just tell that the construction is rock-solid.I guess the only thing you might wanna watch out for is that these boots are slightly narrower than the usuals. I usually wear a 10.5, and they always fit nicely with a little bit of spare room. For this it was actually kinda tight on the sides. But I figured at this unbelievable price ($61), incredibly quality and the fact that leather shoes will stretch out a little, I'm keeping it.Oh did I mention this boots look incredibly good? I really really like it.
B001EWFF30 fit great, but I purchased them 1/2 size large, wish they came in a wide E size though Great all around waterproof boot!  Very comfortable!  Well constructed and nice looking.  Thes boots were leather and suede.  I purchased a pair of Hi Tec boots of similar design at the sam price...they were not half as comfortable and were made of manmade suede rather than leather.  I returned the Hi Tecs.
B001EWFF30 very comfortable boot I knew the size would run a little small from past reviews ( I normally wear 11.5 w) so I got the 12 w. and I couldn't be happier with the fit or the feel of the boot. they are very comfortable!! they are now my go to boot when im going outside to do anything. they broke in very quickly and felt great. I did order a pair of insoles as I think stock insoles really suck. just coated the leather with some leather honey conditioner. helps waterproof and make leather more pliable ( not that it really needed it just had it on hand so I did it. they seemed well oiled out of the box) I know the leather conditioner will tend to darken the leather ,but I don't mind that. all in all I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!
B001SARJXC Well Made Boot I say they fit as expected when measuring against the 10.5. I've seen a lot of timberland boot reviews that say they typically run big so I went with the 10.5 (normally 11) and these are a little snug. I have a pair of Timberland Chelsea's of another style that are 10.5 and they fit perfect so I was hoping I would have the same luck. These are a little tight in the ankle and for the full width of my foot, but I figure once the leather loosens up a bit they will fit like a glove. My other Tim's required no break-in so I was expecting the same.I do find the upper of the boot a little tall as it sometimes rubs against my shin, it could probably be a 1/2 inch shorter. Otherwise these are very well made boots that I'm sure I'll be happy with once they break-in.
B001SARJXC More enjoyable every day These boots blew away all expectations I had after ready reviews from this site and others.  If the proper research is done, these boots will fit you perfectly.  Here is what you need to know to be completely satisfied with your purchase.  1. If you wear a 9.5 in shoes, order a 9 in these boots.  They fit a half size large.  2. Wear high top socks with these boots.  Reviews from other sites complained about how the leather rubbed their lower calves sore, but a boot of this type was not made to be worn with gym socks.  If they feel roomy, try buying thicker socks.  3.  Give these boots time to be broken in.  The leather is beautiful and sufficient quality, so allow them time to fully form to your feet.  Other reviews from different sites complained of comfort, but I imagine they didn't quite understand the satisfaction patience can give someone concerning well made boots.  4.  Personal tip: wearing a dark colored, boot cut style blue jean with these boots will leave you very impressed.On a final note, you will be skeptical at the first sight of them due to the elastic that is found on both sides.  If you are concerned with looks, wear a good fitting boot cut blue jean.  If you are concerned with them being waterproof, rest assured that you need not worry and the elastic holds up well.  An excellent boot, and best wishes to you all.
B001SARJXC Very High Quality Boot I was impressed with these boots right out of the box. The feel of the leather, the overall look, the design of the sole, and the Smart Comfort insole all combine to make for a great boot. These boots fit me perfect, they are true to size (13D) and are a snap to get on and off. They provide amazing support and walking in them is a joy . Be sure to wear a mid-calf sock with these. These boots are a winner!
B001SARJXC Nice, Comfy Boots I saw very similar boots at Nordstrom the other day, but couldn't find the right combination of size and color. Checked on Amazon and not only did they have multiple options, but they also had widths! I have a wider foot so I ordered the W version. I'm a 10E and the 10W fit me perfectly. When I tried on the ones at Nordstrom, I had to go to a 10.5 to get the width right (in the Medium), but then my heel was slipping up. With the W, my heel fits nicely and the width is perfect. Oh, and Amazon's price was better than Zappos or Nordstrom.I'm happy with the soles. I bought these as a casual winter boot that I can wear to work and still wear in the snow on weekends. The soles seem sufficiently grippy without looking like work boots.When I've tried other boots like this before, I've found the tops sometimes dig into my lower calf. Not these. The construction, with the elastic side goring and nicely finished top, makes them very comfy.If anything, the finish out of the box is a little more matte than in the picture online. I polish my shoes all the time, so they'll probably get a little shinier over time. If you like the weathered, beaten look, I suspect they would scuff up nicely.The tough pull tabs front and back make putting them on easy. If I have any complaint, it is that they didn't put much of a "shelf" on the top of the sole at the heel. This means I probably need to use my hands, rather than the other boot, to take them off.
B001U89NPO Gorgeous boots! I have wanted a pair of tall leather boots for a while now, but I was not interested in stiletto heels nor flats. I wanted something with some style, while still comfortable. These Timberlands are just what the doctor ordered. I wear a size 10M, and these are a perfect fit. Definitely snug, so I wouldn't recommend thick socks - trouser socks seem to work best. Also, I have skinny calves and these are just right for wearing with straight leg or skinny jeans - if you had thicker calves I think you'd have a problem getting your jeans into the boot as well. I'm 5'10 and these hit me about two inches below the knee, so they are on the high side. Overall, great product from Timberland - I'll update when I've worn them for a longer period to see how comfortable they are after several hours.
B001U89NPO Great looking and feeling boots!! I ordered these boots because I know I can trust Timberland. They feel great on and the leather looks just like  I expected and hoped. The fit is as expected. Only I am tall enough-5'10" and did not need the extra high heel. They felt like 3 inch heels and I was looking for under 2 inches for every day wear.Overall fit was as expected but I had to return them. Great looking if I only had some place to wear them. I did order a different Timberland lower heel boot.
B001UE714I Funky! These boots look like nice quality, and fit my daughter well. She has narrow feet, and the fit of these boots suit her. The top of them is quite wide, and don't adjust in much despite the velcro spots. I think I might get a boot maker to add a stitch to close them in a bit, as my fussy Miss is wanting to tuck in skinny jeans without the boots looking too bulky. The pink trim on chocolate looks great for winter.
B001VNCKJ4 Fantastic boot. Great looking, well made, good sole, doesn't scream Hipster Americana Workboot with Cuffed Jeans I have searched high and low for a well made boot that I can resole and keep for a long time. I want the leather to wear in and develop a nice patina, even with polishing (this requires a full grain leather, which costs more). I want comfort, especially living in the city and doing a lot of walking. I wanted a great look that I could wear both on the weekend and in the office.I did NOT want your hipster Americana cuff my selvedge denim and let my boots get all scuffed up so people think I make things in a machine shop look.This fit the bill on all fronts. High quality leather with the toe slightly burnished to give it some character out of the box. The leather has been breaking in very well and with some polish + care will last a while. I've polished it only once so far and it is looking good.It's comfortable. I can walk 3-4 miles a day in NYC and not have my feet feel tired at all. In fact, they feel great, especially compared to some other boots I've owned (John Varvatos, I'm looking at you... the name &#34;hipster chukka&#34; should've had me running, but I went against my better judgment). It's also breathable (thank you full grain leather) so your feet won't funk up.The Vibram sole is holding up surprisingly well. I went through the first set of combat boots with Vibram sole and those things disintegrated in no time at all. I was hesitant about the sole, but so far it has held up VERY well.Style is awesome. I can wear with chinos or dark jeans and it looks good. I wear it to the office no problem. I can wear more casually on the weekend and it also fits in. I get lots of compliments on these bad boys.The fit runs a bit large. I normally wear a 9.5 and the size 9 is perfect with slightly thicker dress socks.The only thing I have yet to figure out is how to put these on without a shoe horn. There are laces... there is a zipper... but somehow I have to undo all of it and use a shoe horn to get my foot in there, unless I want to wear out the heel leather by stomping on it. Anyway, small gripe. If you take your shoes on/off at the door you may want to think twice, but if you are on the move and keep your boots on all day this is not a big deal.If you are looking for a nicer, high quality boot that is extremely versatile and don't want to veer off into $300 Red Wing/Wolverine land, this is the boot to get.
B001VNCKJ4 Earthkeepers Great boots; usually i wear 10.5 3E. Ordered these also 10.5 but they only come in M. Length wise perfect - slightly tight around the widest part of my feet. Usually shoes stretch but this boot has the leather overlap exactly at that point - so will take a little longer to break in. I do get positive comments on these boots; they are very comfortable. Like them a lot.
B0034G54BM Exactly What I wanted So I searched for months to find the perfect boot and I finally bit the bullet and got these.  Luckily, they are exactly what I was looing for!  They go all the way up to my knee instead of 2 or 3 inches below.  They are a rich brown, not reddish-brown.  They are comfortable, and non-slippery.  Now, they do run a little snug around the calf, and I have regular calves, but I put the little button on the last notch to open the shaft and it is much better.  I went up a 1/2 size upon reading other reviews, and I should have stuck with my actual size.  I will have to wear extra thick socks because there is plenty of toe room, but for winter that will be fine.  Overall I am very happy with these boots!
B0034G54BM Very large I needed a pair of black knee-high boots and had tried a pair of Clarks that were just slightly too small on my calves.  I'm thin, but athletic, so I've got some calves on me.  Everyone said these are great because they are adjustable.  This part is true.  But they are still just a titch too big when on their smallest setting.Also, a bunch of people had said to order a half size larger and/or wider boots than usual.  I ordered a half size bigger and regret it.The boots are also really loose around my ankle, too.  There's an adjustable buckle, but I have that on the tightest setting and they just slide around a lot.I think I would have been happier with stiffer boots.  The leather in the middle is soft and slouches, so it looks kind of ridiculous when they're big because it's slouchy.They would be super cute if they fit the right person.  But I guess that person is not me.
B0034G54BM Nice boots, big circumference! As usual the boots looked awkward on my skinny calves, even with jeans. So I sent these back. The really are lovely boots and I wish they would have worked out for me. The fit was right on though for my size 10 foot.
B0034G54BM Comfortable, well-made, everyday boot Overall I'm pretty pleased with this purchase. The boot is comfortable in the foot bed and wide enough for my sometimes-too-wide-but-not-"wide" feet. The toe area is roomy even though it is a fairly narrow toe. They seem true to size. I'm almost 5'7" and the shaft comes to just under my knee - taller than most "knee" high boots. The three hole adjustment at the top only fits me on the middle hole, but allows me to wear the boot either under or over jeans. These boots have the thinner type lug sole and don't look as clunky as a thicker lug.My only complaint is that the nubuck on the shaft is thinner than the leather of the rest of the boot. What this means is that when worn without jeans tucked in it sags just a little. If not for the strip of leather up the back seam it would sag a lot more. Please note that nubuck is not water proof and a small area below the lower strap, on the foot, is also nubuck. You wouldn't want to stand in any ankle-high puddles in these. I also would have expected a slight price decrease because of the nubuck (and you'll see one if you want any color besides black).Despite the fact that I knew these were partially nubuck (though I didn't know that part was thinner than the rest) I bought and and am keeping the boots. There are products out there that say they waterproof nubuck. The quality of the workmanship is good and pretty sturdy. I've gotten several compliments on my new boots.
B0034G54BM Perfect Casual Boot This is the perfect casual boot.  The rugged sole and the lovely two toned suede/leather with brushed hardware are just what I was looking for to go with jeans or a skirt.Fit- I'm 5'9 and I wear an 11.  My feet are narrow and my ankles are slim while my calves are on the muscular side.  I have had some issues in the past getting some boots over my calves but I had no trouble with these, even with the calf adjustment tab at the tightest notch.  I tried them with skinny jeans and with bootcut jeans stuffed into them and still had no trouble with the fit.  The top of the boot comes to about two inches below my knee.  The footbed is very comfortable and cradles my (high arched) foot very well.Material and construction- These look as though they will last and wear beautifully.  The leather is sturdy and the sole is as well, with mega texture and grip.  I will use a waterproofing spray on them, as I do with all my leather footwear, but I expect it's probably unnecessary.  Unlike other reviewers, I had no trouble with the zipper at all.  As noted by some other reviewers, the suede is a thinner leather and thus the boot will not stand up on its own.  I think the slight scrunchiness of the boot's shaft makes it all the more appealing and relaxed looking.Shipping- I ordered this boot at 10:30 pm and selected two day shipping (prime) and had it the next afternoon at 3pm. No kidding.
B0034G54BM Gorgeous Boots just what I was looking for But they didn't fit my large calves so alas very very sadly they had to be returned. Great quality boots
B0034G54BM Fit is great The fit on these boots is right on.  I ordered my exact half size (9.5), and it is perfect.  The shaft is not tight at all, and I have an athletic calf  - not skinny (I have trouble with skinny jeans because of my calf).The middle part is not suede, but is actually a sort of rough leather - I like the look it gives the boot.  I have other Timberlands with this sole, and I love them in the winter, so I am sure I will love these too in snowy conditions.  Very comfortable, good casual boot with jeans or skirt.
B0034G54BM Great boot! Wasn't sure about these and debated buying them for weeks.  Thought they might too casual.  They are more casual than dressy, but they are super cute.  Also, they fit my 8 1/2 N foot well.  Timberland seems to run narrow in boots, which works well for me.  I bought the black and really like the sleek look of the suede and smooth leather together.  Very classy, even if not very dressy.  Will look great with skinny jeans or leggings tucked in or with a casual skirt or dress and tights.  Very comfortable fit.  Also, although the suede part is not stiff and does not maintain its shape on its own, it looks great on and stays up well.  This was a concern of mine, but I really like the look of this boot, and it is a quality boot.  I highly recommend this boot and am so glad that I finally bought it.
B0034G54BM Worth to Wait for the Perfect Boots Initally ordered burgandy color, but the boots' zippers either hard to zip or one of them is broken, so i returned them and gave it the last chance for black ones.  i'm glad i did, after waiting & previous disappointments, finally, i got the perfect ones.  zippers are smooth & easy to zip, no uneven spot or any scrathes, no used mark/sigh.  i even like the black more than burgandy ones. the leather quailty and craftmanship are great, which make them look elegant.  i like the suede's softness on the middle parts and they look very cool & fashionable.size: it's ture to size.  i normally wear size 8 or 8.5.  i ordered this size 8, and still have rooms wearing thin boot socks.  shaft lengh is perfect that 2 to 3 inches below my knees.  adjusted buckles are great for small calves like my 13" calves, although it's still have rooms after using  the last hole, it is not so big.Timberland Earthkeeper Bethel Knee-high boots rock, and it's comfy to wear / walk whole day.
B0034G54BM great all-round boots I debated between the Timberland Lexiss and the Bethel and finally, settled on the latter primarily for the style. The Lexiss is gorgeous but might be too harsh for everyday wear. The combination of suede and leather gives the Bethel a softer appearance. As far as fit, they were slightly snug around the broadest part of the foot but loosened up after wearing them around the house for a day. Now, they can be worn comfortably for hours. I have 13 1/2-14" calves and they are a bit loose, so the adjustable fastener at the top makes it okay for skinny calves--probably better with skinny jeans than tights! The only other issue  is that the suede sags a bit, so if you want a sleek look go for the Lexiss or an all-leather--not suede--style. Very well made, too!
B0034G54BM Lovely compo I love the combination of smooth leather and suede on these boots.  They are comfortable and true to size.  The calf opening is not too tight, with an option to tighten the fit.  They look best with leggings or skinny cut jeans.  I find the black allows a wider span of styling options.
B0034G54BM My go-to boot I have these in brown and loved them so much I bought a second pair in black. I love that they fit on my less than skinny calves. I bought a half size up from what I normally wear and they fit great. They slouch slightly around the ankle, but they are super cute and comfy with dresses or jeans, and last for years. Worth every penny!
B0034G54BM Great boots Excellent quality and perfect fit.  I have been searching for a comfy and casual black boot for a while and I'm in love with these!  I have small calves (about 12.5 inches) and these fit great over skinny jeans with an adjustable buckle on top.  Super cute....and so comfy!
B0034G54BM Great boot. I love these with jeans, they look great from  every angle.  They are extremely comfortable and not tight around the calf (I have muscular calves tho).  Skinny jeans fit into the top fine for me.  The combination of the suede and leather is beautiful.  I especially like them because I had ankle fracture surgery six months ago and it's still hard to get my foot comfortably in and out of a boot.  The side zips eliminates that and add a touch of sexy to them!  The overall look of this boot is really eye catching and the first night I wore them out, I had a woman ask me where I bought them.
B0034G54BM Read reviews before you order; boot is not as pictured First of all I love these boots. No other boot on the market is both leather, suede, lug soled with buckles.  These are stylish, casual boots that look great from Timberland, boot makers.  Thanks to the reviews, I knew exactly what I was getting. From sizing to fit. I was able to make a good choice and get it right the first time. I have an odd foot/leg.  My size 9 foot has a very high instep so I usually wear a 9 wide to accommodate this.  When a wide is not available, I will bump up to 9.5B or a 10B.  I ordered a 9.5C or wide based on the reviews I read about the boot being snug at the calf.But size is not the only important measure.  The boot fits a little big (my decision to size up to 9.5 to accommodate my high instep). The sole is slick so my foot slides forward and the heel raises when I walk.  Normally, I would wear thicker socks and problem solved. Not with these boots.  I have to wear thin trouser socks.  Once you get the leather foot part of the boot fit you then have the slouchy suede.  This boot appears tall and stiff. It is not. The boot slouches around my 9.5in ankles . I do not like this. It makes the boots SUPER casual looking.  Moving up the leg the boot switches back to leather.  The leather is heavily seemed as it transitions from suede to leather at the top and this seem is very unforgiving making the boot tight at this spot. The top leather includes elastic and an adjustable buckle. Wide calves, no problem.  BUT the seem of the cuff is fixed and not stretchable.  This hits at the largest part of my calf, which is 16.5in and is very, very tight.PROS:Great boots from reputable boot makerQuality leather and suede, well madeGreat casual look; get lots of 'cool boots' complementsWide fit optionSizing of the foot and ankle true to size and comfortableCONS:Sizing of calf - calf width AND your height are important due to the suede to leather seem and where that will hit on your leg. I think if I were an inch taller or more, this would not be an issueSlouching of the suede on the shaft of the boot - the tight seem allows the boots to stay up on me but may not do the same on your footNot for extreme winter weather, OK to get around with rain or snow on the ground. Not very warm.Cannot wear pants with boots due to tight seem; I wear jeggings or thin leggings in a capri lengthBottom line: I should have returned these boots because they just don't work well with my foot/ankle/calf/leg.  But I couldn't find anything remotely similar and of the same quality. I really liked the super casual look, especially with the lug sole.  I can wear them in the rainy Louisiana winters. So I am sitting here typing this review with the boots on....stretching out that leather seem.
B0034G54BM NICE BOOT BUT...... I love Timberline and these are no exception. Great quality and very stylish, however I have thick calves and these are a little to snug to be comfortable. To bad because they are beautiful boots.
B0034G54BM Eh... These are really cute boots but the ankle area is huge not the calf as stated in the description.  It looks ridiculous especially since they are a little slouchy. I returned mine because for this price I want boots that fit all parts of my leg.
B0034G54BM Pretty in picture but lacking in real life I wanted to love the boots as I have been waiting and waiting for them to go on sale well I found a good sale got them for 78 no shipping and was very disappointed. The ankle area was huge they slouched all over and when I walked they slipped. I would have sized down but the "suede" part was awful looking it was ruff and looked tortured, It was not nice like the picture. I have 15 in calves and I still had room and slack. There were also scuff marks and indents on the leather already I don't know if they sent me a pre owned pair or what but I was expecting better quality from the other reviews. Sad I might try the savin hill ones though. oh and I'm a size 10
B0034G54BM I believed the reviews (re: the calves) As a matter of fact, when I searched for riding boots on Amazon, I searched for "extended calf" which I guess means anything not 14 or 14.5. I was sooo excited for these. I haven't found a pair of riding boot that I have truly loved in years. I loved the look of these and I super-loved them when they arrived on my doorstep. The style is just as pictured. I ordered my normal size 7 and they fit true to size. The sole is rugged, but sleek at the same time. If that makes sense. I didn't feel like I was wearing a pair of the popular butter Timbs that I see a lot around here. I still felt like I could wear them to work on a casual Friday. Then I tried to zip them up. Got all the way to maybe two inches from the top and they would not budge. I tried adjusting the little extension flap and that apparently is for decoration only.  This was without jeans, leggings, or tights, so I knew I couldn't keep them. So heartbroken. Also, strange was that the ankle/lower calf area was so loose on me, but I was going to forgive that if I could zip them up. Alas, it was not meant to be. For look and style 4/5, but for the lack of being a truly extended calf boot...3/5
B0034G54BM Too small for my Calves The boots are beautiful & well made. I absolutley loved them, until I tried to zip them up. I do not have very large calves. I have never need wide calf boots. Even at the wides setting I could not get these to zip up. I even tried with out legging to see if I could stretch them out. I tried the next size up and the wide size. They still fit the same way. It broke my heart having to send them back.
B0034G54BM Compliments the first day I wore them They fit perfect. The opening  by the calf may be  a bit small for an athletic calf. They look like a cross between a motorcycle boot and a riding boot. The height on these boots  is perfect. I wear with pants/leggings/riding pants  tucked in but I think you could get away with wearing these with a long dress. I sized up just to have extra room but they are a bit large so just buy them true to size... They are made very well.
B0034G54BM Excellent quality, excellent grip, casual boot This is my 2nd pair  of Earthkeepers Bethel Boot.  I purchased a 2nd pair because I liked the style and fit of the first pair I purchased.  I have large calves and was pleased when I could actually do the zipper up.  I normally wear a size 7 but these fit a little small.  The 7 1/2 fits very well.  I love the rubber sole, it works pretty well in snow and icy conditions.  They're not an insulated winter boot but I wear them in the winter.  I wear thin socks because a thicker sock would make the boot quite tight.  I love the leather and suede and they are easy to clean.  The ONLY thing I was disappointed in was the finishing around the top of the boot.  There are a bunch of little white threads that stick up from the top seam and go around the total circumference of both boots.  I did not have this problem with the first pair (brown) that I purchased.  Other than that, they are of excellent quality and I would purchase them again and highly recommend the Timberland brand.
B0034G54BM Calf still too tight I bought these b/c they were supposed to have extended calf room. They really didn't work for me so I returned them. Too bad, they were cute otherwise.
B0034G54BM New boots, Timberland women's 20668 Earthkeepers I absolutely love my new boots!  I wear a size 8 and they fit just great. I so wanted a boot with buckles and trim all of which look awesome. The boots can also be scrunched down, as the suede leather is very flexible, for a new look. Side zipper makes putting on easy they also work with pants inside as well as dressed up with tights as stockings. I like the rugged sturdy sole, and a heel that is perfect. Couldn'dt be happier.
B0034G54BM Not as cute as the brown ones I received these boots today and they are very comfortable. I ordered a size 8. They are true to size. The shaft is adjustable but can only be worn with legging type pants. The shaft comes to the top of the calf just under the knee. The boots are as pictured. I like the brown ones better so I will be returning these.
B0034G54BM Perfect motircycle boot for me Fit is good, comfortable and adjustable tab at calf makes adjusting for calf size great. Love it would order again
B0034G54BM beautiful boots Got these for myself as a treat! They were delivered quickly and were packaged well, too. The fit is good, but tight on the calves, and I do not have big calves. I think other than a jegging or leggings I won't be able to tuck jeans into them.  They come up to directly below the bottom of my knee and I am 5'2&#34;. The boots look great and are of good quality, but I haven't worn them yet for any length of time. I did order my true size.
B0034G54BM Really Nice I ordered an 8.5 medium, and the calf fits!  I usually have trouble with tall boots because of my calf muscles - but these fit - even with leggings tucked inside.They have good traction also.
B0034G54BM Great boot! I really do like these boots! I've just worn them twice but they're comfortable and look great. I have average size, muscular calves and I'm 5'8. They're just a little snug with jeans tucked in but still feel great. I'm right at a 9-9.5 and might could've gone with the 9's but these are fine with thicker socks. Very pleased with the price too!
B0034G54BM Upsize for calves I read others reviews to get them up a size for calf purposes and that is a good idea. I work out a lot and my calves are really muscular. The 7 1/2 is a better fit than I am sure a 7 would be. They are pretty comfortable.
B0034G54BM FANTASTIC BOOTS! I wanted a pair of riding style boots to wear with skinny jeans, leggings and long skirts. I wanted a tall but somewhat slouchy style of boot.  Since I live in Phoenix, AZ I don't need winter boots.  These boots fit my needs perfectly!  I love the mix of leather and suede.  To me, the suede is soft and pliable, it will provide that bit of "slouchy" that I am looking for. I purchased these in 8.5 which is the size I have been ordering for the last year or two.  These boots will work perfectly for me with tights or light socks.  If you want room for heavy socks, just order your size in a wide width.  For me the length was perfect, just enough wiggle room. I chose the burgundy color which I find to be unique and I think it will work well with many colors. I'm thrilled I was able to get such a quality boot at such a fantastic price!
B0034G54BM returned them I returned these boots because they were too big in the calves and slouched funny.  Nice looking boots if they had fit.
B0034G54BM Slim fit I love the look of this boot, very stylish.  I need to return to get a larger size. I do not have a wide foot, but very muscular calves. The 9w was to snug for comfort. I reordered the 9.5 w, hoping this will work out better. I look forward to getting them and the size works out, I don't want to keep reordering.
B0034G54BM Great boots! I have a hard time finding boots that fit around my muscular calves and these were perfect. I love the lug soles too.
B0034G54BM Great boots, with a few flaws! I've been looking for a pair of boots like these for a while now, and for the most part, these boots are great.  I love the height of the shaft- not too high (not an over-the-knee fan), and the lugged sole, which has proved to be great walking around cobble stone streets in Europe.  The boots can also be adjusted around the ankle and the upper calf- a great feature when you're going from skinny jeans to leggings or tights!  HOWEVER, even with the ankle strap at its tightest, there's too much room.  I can literally slip my foot out of these boots without using the zipper.  If you've got big ankles, I imagine these boots would be perfect, but for skinny ankles, they're just too big!  I may add another notch on the ankle strap, but I'm worried the boots will then look too cynched.  We'll see...Still, I would recommend these boots.  I purchased them in Burgandy (Timberland calls the color bitter coffee, although there is a reddish tone to the boot, but they're more brown than burgandy in my opinion) and would buy the black if I had the extra $$!!  You can't beat the price!!
B0034G54BM NOT for really slim calves I bought these boots because so many reviews mentioned they fit very thin calves. Mine are about 13" circumference and while the top opening looked OK when cinched all the way down, the width of the boot shaft below was quite wide and the material, which is very thin, sagged even when I wore knee socks. It looked ridiculous. Otherwise, they are nice looking boots, and the foot fit very true to size (I ordered slightly large because many reviews said they run small, but the boots were loose on me. I should have ordered my actual size.)
B0034G54BM Great boot, fits small calves I read a ton of reviews on Amazon and other websites in regards to the fit of these boots before I purchased them. I have small, 13.5&#34; calves and most boots swim on me. Usually I go between a 7.5/8, but I went with the 7.5. I was surprised at how tight the top of the foot part of the boot was, it almost hurt to walk. I ordered a size 8 to compare, but the size 8's were extremely loose in the calf and my foot slipped out of the boot. I stuck with the 7.5's and am happy that I did. I wore them around the house and out for short trips, and the tightness of the foot has stretched out, and now they're extremely comfortable. I'm very happy with them. Would I pay $200 on the Timberland website? Probably not, but they're a nice boot, and well-worth $100.
B0034G54BM Ok for the price Ordered a half size up but it felt snug.  They were also a little bit too snug in the calf.
B0034G54BM overall a really nice boot for a wider calf. Love the boots.  They are knee high, something I usually cannot buy because I have bigger calves. These boots fit and are adjustable.  The leather will stretch a bit too--worth trying if you have trouble with high boots fitting.  Great soles that provide traction. Make sure to order "wide" option if this is an issue for you.  This doesn't seem to affect the actual foot width much as I don't usually get shoes in a wide width, but it does give more room for the calf.
B0034G54BM beautiful but small around the toes I'm very happy with my boots, but had to use a spray to widen the toes of the boot. I bought a 9.5 M which usually fits very well, but these were too tight. The boot fits great around my calves and looks very nice. I have wide calves due to a lot of biking and I was very happy to find a pair that fits. However it was uncomfortable to walk in the boots until I used a spray to stretch the leather around the toes. Now they fit great and I'm very happy with them.
B0034G54BM great price..but boots are too large The price was right but unfortunately, the boot was too baggy around my small calves.  It may be okay for those who want to wear them with jeans but I prefer to wear tights.  I am still shopping for a flat boot with a smaller circumference at the calf.
B0034G54BM Travel Boot for Europe Bought these boots for a 3 week trip to Europe in May.  I plan on only bringing a carry on, so only two shoes - boots and flats.  These are true to size and needed no break in period.  I've worn them three times (all day) and they have been accepted into my Europe travel wardrobe!  My criteria, in order are:  Comfort, Weight, Looks.I'm 5'3&#34; 140 lb with short legs and skinny calves (11 1/2 inches).  These boots go about 1 inch below my knee, so I can comfortably sit without the boot jamming me in the back of the leg. They fit very comfortably around my calf, and there is an adjuster strap for those with thicker calves.  I can wear them over leggings or underneath pants.  Couldn't be happier.I just hope the Europeans don't think I'm a nutcase for wearing boots in May! (I live in Florida, so 50 degrees is COLD for me)
B0034G54BM Great, versatile boot that fits wide calves These boots are great because they can be worn with jeans and even with casual skirts.  My calves are wide (~ 15 inches) and these boots (size 7) fit comfortably over skinny jeans, though the fit is too snug to tuck any other type of jeans.  The adjustable strap at the top does nothing for me because the seam where the leather and suede meet is fitted and can't be stretched.  Though the shoes have a rubber bottom, the traction isn't that great in the snow/ice, but these shoes aren't really insulated for cold weather anyway if you are going to be out for a length of time.
B0034G54BM Awkward Design Attractive boot, but awkward shaft design.  The shaft has an adjustment at the top, but if you tighten it, it makes the middle of the shaft pucker out.  That said, these boots are true-to-size...I wear an 8.5M in most boots, and an 8.5M fit me fine in these.  They are lightweight and comfortable boots.  Even though the shaft is flexible, they did not slouch on me.  Unfortunately, I had to return them because the shaft simply does not fit my calves properly due to a design flaw.
B0034G54BM Great looking boot. The boots look great on the outside, but I am a bit unhappy with the inside finish around the top. The stitching is too rough.  But with tights & a wool skirt or jeans they are fine.  I needed to find a boot in the larger size to wear heavy socks for winter.  These fit the bill.
B0034G54BM Fits great! I love these boots so much that I ordered them in brown too!  I wear 9 1/2, which is hard to fit right, but these 9 1/2 fit perfectly!  The only cons I have are 1.  The suede in the picture looks like typical suede (smooth and soft), but it is actually a rough, unfinished suede.  When I opened the box, I was disappointed by this.  But as I said, the fit was so good that I quickly got over it and ordered another pair.  2.  After wearing them all day, they slouch a little on me.  My calves are very small so that is probably why but thought I'd mention it.  Overall, I'm very satisfied!
B0034G54BM Not Very Impressed... I read all the raving review and was expecting to see the "WOW" boots. I was quite dissapointed when I was them with my own eyes and tried them on. First, the zippers were hard to close and my feeling was they would not last the lifespan of the boots. Second, and the most important - I did not like the look. The top shaft was not too tight and the middle, soft suede part slouched under the shafr weight creating this untidy, ill fitted, not very "cool" look. Also, the boots were not really knee high, coming at about 2 inches below my knees (I am 5'8" tall). The fit at the foot was very tight and might cause blisters (I ordered my usual size 10). I expected more from the boots with this price tag. Bottom line: I am returning them.
B0034G54BM Loved the Style, Didn't Fit My Calf I REALLY wanted these to fit. They looked great online and even better when they arrived, only problem is that they didn't fit my calf :( I was extremely let down and hated having to send them back.
B0034G54BM VERY CHEAP LOOKING These boots are VERY cheap looking and cheaply made for the Timberland name.  They are thin and do not look like leather at all.  Someone else wrote that in a review that they looked like plastic, but I ignored it since I saw so many positive comments too.  I sometimes wonder if staff members from the company are permitted to write reviews.  I cannot imagine anyone raving how wonderful these boots are.  They do look like plastic, and the other reviews that mentioned they are big around the foot and ankle area are also true.  They do not fit the ankle or foot area well, and they don't bend in that area like leather.  Do not waste your time ordering these boots.  I bought them in brown and black, and I got them on sale for less than $80 each, but I will not be keeping either of them, since they are not even worth $20.00.
B0034G54BM tight on the leg I ordered 5.5W. The shoes fit well to my feet. But I have athletic legs, the boots are tight for my legs. But after wearing a few times, it gets a bit better. Overall I like it.
B0034G54BM Nice sturdy boot with some style These come up to the top of the thigh, have adjustable closures at the top to accomodate both skinny and thick calves and just look good.  Dress them up or down and if you're green-conscious, you can feel good (better) about that, too!
B0034G54BM Looking forward to wearing these! The boots are well made and fit perfectly with plenty of room in the calf area.  The zipper is good quality and the workmanship make these boots seem like they'll last a long time.  I'm looking forward to cooler weather!
B0034G54BM More slouchy than pictured I bought these because the measurements made for a nice, slim fit on my 14" calves. The downside was that the ankles were not fitted and the shaft is rather thin leather (my ankles are 9" around) - this was made to be a slouchier boot. Sad, because there was great support for my narrow feet. I usually take a size 8 in boots because I don't need room for giant thick socks in California, and these ran true to size for me.
B0034G54BM Great boots These boots are very comfortable.  I love the low heel, because I don't do well in high heels.  I am extremely picky about comfort, but these boots I can wear walking around all day and my feet don't hurt at all.  I can feel the stiff leather part against my ankles, but it's not so harsh that it rubs or leaves blisters or anything, and it's just because it's new leather.  It will soften up with wearing.  I also love the good treads on the bottom of the boot - most women's boots that look fashionable have crappy soles with little to no treads, which often bothers me, especially in the winter when people tend to wear boots the most.  These are perfect.  I don't have to worry about slipping and falling at all.  I could go hiking in these boots and be just as comfortable and confident walking in them as I am walking around shopping.I have slightly bigger calves though than the 15" shaft allows apparently, because the boots won't zip all the way to the top when pulled up straight.  However, if I pull them down about 2 inches I can then zip them completely, it just makes the boot have more of a slouchy mid-calf look, which is fine, they still look fantastic.Sizing - I usually wear an 11 wide, but only because most women's shoes don't come in a 10.5. Size 11 shoes tend to be just a little loose, but 10's are too snug.  I got an 11 wide (c/d) in these and they fit perfectly, so I have to agree with other reviews that you probably just want to order a half size bigger than your normal size.I spent $100 on these, and I think it's well worth it.  They're super comfortable and good quality so they should last me a long time.  I would absolutely recommend these boots.
B0034G54BM Snug and interesting leather When I first got these out of the box, I was a bit disappointed. The leather was NOT what I originally expected. Looked like a flattened type of suede. I put them on and the fit was snug with my thicker socks. But, I wore them the first day with very thing trouser socks. A little snug but they have loosened up a lot. The best part for me is the calk fit, I have a 15 inch calf and these actually fit over my logs and jeans!!! I would suggest getting the boots if you like the style.
B0034G54BM Not what I expected... I normally wear size 8 and sometimes 8.5, typically I am fine getting regular width but if wide width is available then I get that because it does make it more comfortable for me. So when ordering, I ordered size 8.5 W thinking I would be completely safe with that. When I received it, it felt like a 7.5 narrow. I could squeeze my foot in but it was not comfortable. For the calf area, I would say I have average calves, I have never had a problem fitting them and I think it's around 14.5-15inches. For these shoes they would not zip up all the way because they were too tight. So overall it was a big disappointment. I still think they are pretty but the sizing is completely off so I had to say goodbye. One last thing, I do own a pair of Timberland boots, the construction style ones from back in the day when that was in style and they are in a size 8.
B0034G54BM Comfortable too clunky I do think they are comfortable and well made but I was wanting something a bit more refined...also too short on the calf as I am 5'9&#34; with quite long calves. They were just too clunky for the occassions I would wear them so I have returned them.
B0034G54BM Nice twist on the tall black boot I love these boots... they are beautiful and seem very well made.  I read several of the other reviews before I bought them and here is my take:-The leather of the shaft is quite thin, but I think that is the style of the boot... I really like the two toned leather/suede combo... it puts a unique twist on the tall black boot- which is a wardrobe staple.  I live near Santa Cruz, CA, so it gets cold and wet... but not snowy- these boots are perfect for me.  However, I could see how someone who lives in the snow might think the thin suede shaft of the boot as a downfall.-The top of the shaft does fit more snug than the rest of the shaft... again, I see this as the style of the boot.  I like how this allows the suede part of the shaft to slouch just a bit, making it very flexible and comfortable.  I have &#34;average&#34; sized calves and the top fits perfect if I move it to the largest adjustment (under jeans, tights, or bare legs).  These definitely wouldn't fit someone with larger calves and if you have thin calves, the suede would slouch more- the boots aren't made to stand up stiff and tall.  Timberland has other options if that is the style you are looking for.-The foot fits as a true riding boot should.  I am a solid 9- a bit on the wide side, so I thought about ordering the wide... I ended up getting a regular 9 and I am glad I did.  Yes, they were snug at first, but I believe a well made real leather boot should be.  I broke them in by wearing thick socks... only took a few wears and now they fit like a glove. They never gave me any blisters while breaking them in.  Now, I wear them teaching middle school when I am on my feet for 8+ hours a day.  These boots give me plenty of support and my feet are never sore by the end of the day.  In my opinion, that is a well made boot- what I would expect from Timberland.  They are super cute with skinny jeans/ leggings/ and skirts.  They are a nice alternative to the typical black tall boot.Overall, the boots were made for my legs and my taste- I love them!
B0034G54BM Sad day... I was so excited for these boots. When I finally got them in the mail they were so cute and exactly what I had been looking for. However, they were unwearable. I ordered a size 9M, which fit perfectly, the lower calf portion fit perfectly. However, the seam that connects the suede/nu-buck to the upper leather was so tight around my calf that it would cut off circulation. The odd thing being that I had PLENTY of room in the calf EVERYWHERE else. It's like the seam toward the top of the boot was MUCH SMALLER than the rest of the calf opening... since I was still able to cinch the top to the medium/smaller button (while wearing jeans and socks). I'm not sure if it was a flaw, or if that's just how they were made... but it was so uncomfortable to wear (even around the house) that I returned them.
B0034G54BM They work for me! After reading a bunch of reviews on this site and others, I took people's advice and ordered a half size larger than my normal size.  I already have dressy boots that are form fitting to use with a skirt and wanted a boot for wearing with jeans, and these are perfect!  They are rustic but with style and superb fit.  The foot bed and toe box are foot-shaped, well balanced, supportive and comfortable with plenty of room for a woolly sock.  The nubuck shank forms beautifully to the shape of your leg very quickly and fit like a glove without being at all constrictive.  They are a true riding boot style with leather top and calf adjustment button.  The zippers work great, seem heavy and well made and allow for easy on/off, which is a big plus for my high arches.  I wear a C width in shoes, so I got the wide width.  There is slight heel slippage but I am fine with that.  My calf measurement is 14&#34; and the boot top is ~ 15 and a half inches, which is plenty of room to tuck in jeans.  The leather quality is beautiful, I love the chunky heel, and the rubber lug sole is a must for walking on ice and snow.  They thought of everything with these boots - I can't say enough good things about them!  A lovely pair of boots for a great price that I highly recommend.
B0034G54BM Nice boots, but they are thin, short & delicate! I really do l like these boots. I am loyal to Timberland's brand. However these particular boots are shorter and thinner than I expected. The suede, especially is very very thin. When I grab the leather at the top of these to zip them up, little marks are left on the thin leather. I don't have a particuliarly large calf, but I've noticed that there really isn't any room to wear my pants inside of these boots. I've had them for about a week and a half now. The boots are nice looking, but so far I can only wear them with skirts/ dresses or no one will see them. Maybe I've been spoiled by the earlier versions of Timberland tall ladies boots or maybe I've gotton used to the quality of the UGGs that I've been wearing. Either way, the quality of the shaft of the boot was not what I was expecting.
B0034G54BM Skeptical at first, love them now I bought these boots in wheat before there were any reviews about them (but consider myself somewhat of a boot afficionado) and I was initially disappointed. I owned another pair of dressy Timberland boots that I love, and I was expecting a similar design, which these are not. That being said, I do love these boots now, and get dozens of compliments on them every time I wear them. Really -- people I don't know will come up to me on the street to tell me they love these boots.The cons (mentioned by many other reviews): very narrow - they do stretch out a bit, but they have a much smaller profile around the foot than, say, the lexus shaft boot; zipper is VERY hard to manipulate - this almost caused me to return them, but over time, it too has loosened up - there was a tendency for it to catch where the material changes texture; the suede is saggy - I was expecting a stand-up boot, and the suede is too thin a material to be strong enough to hold the leg portion upright.The pros: they really are a beautiful looking boot - I'm not sure about the leather not being up to Timberland's usual standard, as some reviewers have said . . .  the leather on the shoe portion and around the top is very solid, and the suede is soft; they are comfortable - once you get used to your foot being hugged a bit more than usual, it is fine, and the top fits well around "athletic" calves - you can cinch it in if you have skinnier calves - this keeps the boots from slipping down; aside from the narrowness, they are true-to-size in length; they are comfortable and sole has good traction - I am on my feet all day and never have problems when I've stood or walked for 8-10 hours in these boots.If you have feet that border at all on the wide side, I would suggest getting the wide width. Be prepared to see somewhat unusual boots when they arrive, and you too will love them.
B0034G54BM The perfect boot for narrower calves! Finally I have found the perfect boot. My feet are in between sizes 10 and 11, and my calves are about 14.5" around. I ordered several different brands of knee high boots, but the calves were always too big. Finally I ordered these in size 11M, and they fit perfectly! The top strap is adjustable, I have it on the smallest setting and there is very little gap around my calves in skinny jeans.My only complaint is that on the smallest strap setting at the top, the left shaft is narrower than the right one. Both fit my calves but the left is a smaller, better fit (for my leg) at the top. Weird.I don't have narrow feet, and my feet aren't particularly wide either so usually the regular shoe width is fine for me. That being said I noticed that with the average width of these boots they do feel slightly narrow in the body of the foot, so I'd suggest that if you sometimes require a wide shoe version, with these you might need it because the regular seems a bit narrow to me. (Not sure if that would make the shaft wider as well, so it's a bit of a toss up if you have wide feet and narrow calves.)Overall: great boot, good traction, relatively well-made.
B0034G54BM Calf Width not Timberland standard I have two pair of Timberland Lexxis boots that are the most comfortable, long-wearing boots I have ever worn.  I have walked (literally, not figuratively) hundreds of miles in those boots.I ordered the Earthkeepers Bethel boot because the sole and footbed looked identical to the Lexiss boot with a more stylish shaft and details.PROBLEM:  the shoe of the boot (in the same size as the Lexxis) DID fit the same; however, the top of the calf NARROWS where the suede meets the upper band of leather, making the boot too tight.  The "adjustable" tab is NOT adjustable; the triangular insert is NOT a flexible material.I am able to wear my Lexxis boots with stockings, or over leggings and jeans; I cannot wear the Bethel boot comfortably with hose.  If you have muscular calves, beware.The shipping and packaging were excellent on my order.
B0034G54BM Great Boots Love these boots.  Great fit (I have substantial calf muscles for 5'2" frame) and will allow for leggings, tights, or slim jeans.  True to size, comfortable, and well made.  Only one question--How does one care for these boots?  Thanks
B0034G54BM Wonderful! My sweet, generous, awesome husband splurged on these for my Christmas gift :) Per other reviews, he ordered them a half-size up from what I normally wear. I usually wear a 6, and the 6.5 is perfect for me. It should be noted that these are real leather and will stretch a bit with wear: the first time I tried them on they were almost too snug, but now (maybe a week later) they are much more comfortable.ALSO, the strap on the top of the calf is functional and does adjust. You can adjust the width of the calf opening a little bit. For the benefit of my fellow internet shoppers, I measured my calf... it is about 13.5 inches at the widest part. The size 6.5, when adjusted to the widest setting, fits me snugly but comfortably. I hope that helps somebody! :)The style is gorgeous... will go with everything, but with enough details to be interesting. I've gotten a ton of compliments already. The nubuck is not such a different color as it might seem from some of the pictures (it is not high-contrast.)In short, I highly recommend.UPDATE: Okay, after a few weeks I will say that the side zipper is not GREAT. It did get stuck really badly once (trying to put the boots back on after airport security line!) So now to avoid problems I only ever unzip them halfway and tug them on or off. That's what I usually do with boots anyway. Overall still 4.5 stars.
B0034G54BM Lovely boots, but a bit snug, might need to break in Just got these today and they are very stylish. I needed some black boots for the winter that can stand up to rain. Because the upper is mostly suede I will probably need to get a protective spray for moisture, but I think that the leather base will hold up great. The sole seems durable and supportive and the bottom looks like it grip great in case of city walking or in case I walk on any slipper ice/slush surface. I was also looking for a boot that can go with everything, casual or dressy.  I&#8217;ve tried them on with some outfits and they work with skinny jeans, boot cut jeans, and dresses. I am glad that they don&#8217;t look too faddish or too old lady. I&#8217;m 26 and just started an office type job, so I am trying acquire a mature, professional, but still casual wardrobe. Prior to this I would buy Roxy or Ugg type boots at $50 or less, but the quality was definitely lacking; they would get damaged after one season of wear. Plus I&#8217;m getting too old for boots with embellishments and the buckle here is minimalist enough while adding a little character. I would describe it as somewhere between a motorcycle and riding boot giving the wearer a sense that they are sophisticated but not pretentious. I also have wide feet so I ordered the wide and my foot fits comfortably in the bed of the boot. I'm 5'5 and was worried about them coming too high, but I have an inch of space from the boot top to my knee. I&#8217;m 135lbs with thick legs, so I was worried about the zipper not closing up. They are a bit snug in the calf region. I have to zip these boot up while my foot is not all the way in and then pull them up. I&#8217;ve heard Timberlands are a boot you have to break in, which I&#8217;m not happy about, but I think I&#8217;ll try to wear them around for a week and see if they stretch out. While they are new they will feel stiff but I have some toe wiggle room and they are very flexible. There is no way I can wear thick socks with these and tuck jeans in. I would recommend trying a half-size up if you need more calf room. I might exchange, but like I said they might stretch out.
B0034G54BM Ok boots for everyday These boots do run small. I ordered my true size 8,5 and it felt like 7,5-8. But after I wore them couple of times, they stretched and now fit perfect. But they are large in an ankle and calf area. so if your calves are not big as mine, these boots will sag. That's still ok with me. Overall the leather is thin and not shiny. These boots are average casual boots that you could wear for one season. I dont think they would last for long because of the leather quality. If not for the price, I wouldn't have bought them
B0034G54BM Black leather boots Did a lot of searching, comparing, and reading reviews.  Absolutely love these!  Leather around foot area is a little stiffer than I would have thought.  Overall very comfortable!  Would highly recommend!
B0034G558E Cute, sturdy, and SO comfortable! In the zombie apocalypse this will be my footwear of choice!  I bought these boots for a Lara Croft costume, and while this felt like a lot of money to spend on one pair of boots, I am SO happy that I got them!  Made of some eco-friendly leather material, the various kinds of leather in this boot offer a pliable, comfortable fit that needs no breaking in.  I thought I would only use these boots for special circumstances, like Lara Croft or steampunk costumes, or looking fashionable at the collapse of civilization.  But I really love how they feel on my feet, and it feels good to know that the leather is probably strong enough to resist most ankle bites by zombies.  I was skeptical about sizing, but the reviews here gave me an accurate idea of the size.  I wear 8.5-9, so I ordered a size 9.  At first when I tried on the boots, I felt like they were a little bit on the large side, but after adjusting the laces and buckle I was able to get a perfect fit!  The boot raises to about mid-calf, and because of the laces this is very adjustable for most calf sizes.  I also love the zipper feature, which makes these super easy to put on and take off.  I highly recommend this awesome boot!
B0034G558E Beautiful, but the zipper creates a problem. These are gorgeous boots with a comfortable footbed and nice leather, but zippers don't &#34;soften&#34; like leather does. It dug into my ankle as the ankles were already trying to break over, as they should. If you have skinny calves, you'll probably be fine, but if you have athletic calves, you could have a problem. The ankles in boots are supposed to wrinkle at least a little (or break over), so I never have understood zippers on boots for this exact problem. If they'd been fully lace-up, they would have been perfect.
B0034G558E Not Good For Curvier Women I love the look of these boots, but they aren't knee-high on me--mid calf at best, and I'm just under 5'6&#34;. I'm a larger, curvier woman, so they don't lace up all the way as much as I'd like, but I like the look of them.
B0034G558E Great boots! I bought them for my daughter for her 19th birthday and I thought they might run a little tight at first because her foot is sometimes an 11-1/2 and they did, but I also knew they were leather and the boot would stretch some.  It turns out they fit great now.  She loves them.
B0034G558E Great looking boot I bought these boots to wear when I ride my motorcycle. They started a bit snug but because they are leather they did give a little and are very comfortable. I bought the size I normally wear and they fit perfectly. The soles are tire tread-like and are great for motorcycle riders as they don't slip. These boots, however, do NOT come up to your knees, they are about mid-calf. Like others I wish the tongue was sewn in but all in all, I love my new boots.
B0034G558E Not KNEE-HIGH Just want you know that the boots look like they are in the picture, and are not knee-high as described in the heading. They are about mid-calf high. As many other reviewers said, they are pretty tight. So I usually wear 7.5 B, but here I have to order 7.5 C, which is still a little bit tight, but is ok. It was really tight to zip the boot all the way to the calf, but the good thing is we can adjust the shoelaces to make it tighter or looser. Overall, they look fine :) Hope this is helpful!
B0034G558E Shaft of boot very tight, unless you're very slender might not fit your calves I really loved these and they looked like very high-quality boots, but I couldn't get them to zip up at all, even with the laces loosened.  I am a avid cyclist and have large calves, but I'm otherwise slender, so I was surprised that these were so tight.  Again, very cute, but you'd have to be quite slender to wear these.
B0034G558E Fantastic boot! I saw these boots in a store and they did not have my size so I was absolutely delighted to find them here on Amazon. And I got them during the Cyber Monday deal for 40% off though I was prepared to pay the full price, which was still discounted.I bought the medium brown; the boots are GORGEOUS and the suede parts, including the tongue,are like butter. They've gotten a few scratches but they are of quality where the wear and tear doesn't take away from the look of the boot, in fact they look stylishly "worn." They run true to size; I wear an 11 and ordered the 11 and they fit perfectly. They were a tiny bit tight when I first put them on but being leather they stretched a bit and are very comfortable.They aren't super warm but a wool sock can take care of that and they are water resistant enough that getting caught in the rain didn't leave me with soaking wet feet although I wouldn't go sloshing around in the rain as they do have suede parts. All in all they are fabulous and I have worn them every day since I got them and have gotten many compliments.
B0034G558E very cool, functional, the fit is a little off I am really happy with these. After a long search for a pair of taller- mid-calf lace-ups that won't fall apart (like a lot of popular military style boots on the market), but aren't bulky and dated like Dr. Martens- I think I've found them! Finally!I especially like that they have narrow, adjustable shaft - I wouldn't recommend them to someone with a large calf.Also, I ordered a pair in my size- 11, but they were actually about a half size too long but the width was fine. So I ordered them in 10W- feels like the length of an 11 but the width of a 10... so they run long and narrow I guess.It's working out. I think it's good to have a snug boot, since they tend to stretch out over time. I just think of it like breaking in a pair of cowboy boots.They are pretty much everything I've been looking for all season! I work on my feet and I can already tell they will too :)
B0034G558E Comfy! I love these boots so much, I just ordered my second pair.  I already own the brown ones, and now I'm getting the black ones.  These boots run true to size.  I wear an 8 1/2 and I bought an 8 1/2.  The leather is so soft and since they have laces, you can adjust for calf size.  Be sure to get the ones with the zipper though, if you're going to wear them to fly.  I wear them to fly all the time and they're a breeze going through security, with the zipper.  The tongue is no big deal, it stays in place while wearing them. These are seriously comfortable.  I wear them for everything!  I wear these with skinny jeans, leggings and boot cut jeans.  I think they'd be really cute with a skirt and tights too.  I just love these boots!
B0034G558E NOT KNEE HIGH! There are two names for this boot.  26639 Bethel Buckle Knee-High Boot, and 20672 Bethel Mid-High.  It is the same boot!  Unless you are only 5 foot tall, THIS BOOT IS MID-CALF.  Both descriptions are the same.  Just know that the boot is 12.5 inches high.  I am between a 10 and 11 med.  Of course, no one makes a 10.5.  Why this is, is beyond me.  I usually find boots to be snug, so I ordered a 10 wide.  These are almost too roomy, but will try them with tights, and thick socks.  The length is just fine.  The zipper pokes into my leg, but hopefully this won't be an issue, once I'm wearing tights.  Nice leather.
B0034G558E Great boots for skinny calves! I have narrow feet and skinny calves, so most boots are too wide in the footbed or hanging down around my calves. These beauties are narrow enough for my feet (but can still adequately fit an orthotic) and the lace-up design allows me to adjust the fit around my ankles and calves. The toe box is nice and roomy so I can wear thick socks while still wiggling my little piggies, and they are extremely comfortable for all-day wear. Did I mention how cute they are too? I get compliments every time I wear them.
B0034G558E everything I expected These boots fit perfectly and I was able to wear them all day the first time I put them on. There is enough room for my weightlifter's calves, which is not always the case with high boots. I typically wear an 8 and the 8 fit as expected.
B0034G558E LOVE! I have been searching for motorcycle type lace up boots all season, and based on the reviews figured I've give them a shot. What a great decision!  I was a bit nervous about sizing considering most reviews noted they ran on the small side.  I typically wear a 6.5 for sandals/heels and 7 for boots/tennies. I ordered a 7, and they fit perfectly.  The boots are the most comfortable boots I've bought, ever.  They are cozy warm.  I even wear them hanging around the house, as they just are such a comfy fit.I am still having difficulty getting them to quite mesh with my wardrobe, but they look great with tights. (I even wear them with my boot leg jeans. They a little shorter on the heel than I'm used to, but they are so incredibly comfortable I don't care!)  They do hit my leg right under my calf, so they cut off the leg a bit when wearing jeans tucked into them.  But they can't be beat for cold, wet weather where you will be on your feet.
B0034G558E I had it in my hand. These boots were so awesome. First I usually wear a size 5 but in some brands I can wear a size 5.5. So when a lot of reviewers said this shoe runs small I thought it might work for me. But they were too big. I fully believe they run true to size. Which is such a bummer, if this came in size 5 you couldn't stop me from buying it!I ordered the black ones, and I loved that the leather was matte in appearance instead of shiny. Also the leather seemed to be high quality, it seemed thick and sturdy. I also tried a Harley Davidson boot and the leather in these Timberlands was much thicker. Some people complained that the shoelaces are too short, I didn't have any problem. My calves are 12.5in at the widest but these boots hit me about 1.5 inches below the widest part of my calf (I'm 5'4). Anyway, I tightened the shoelaces up quite a bit but even before there was enough shoe lace so unless your calves are rather large I think the shoelaces are fine. The whole design of the boot is really nice, the buckle detail and the top make it a bit classier than a traditional combat style boot.I did have one concern about them. The tongue is not sewed down in the shaft, so when you're sliding your leg in it has a tendency to bunch up and wrinkle. I feel like it's probably one of those tongues where no matter how much you straighten it out it just gets crooked again. Ultimately, I would definitely recommend the boots, I tried it with straight leg pants and it was cute. I think it would go with leggings and even tights and a dress if you're looking for that feminine with an edge look &lt;3
B0034G558E Great looking, great fitting boots I read the reviews but stuck to my size 8 and they fit perfectly..  Beautiful leather and quality workmanship that you would expect from Timberland's, I was not disappointed.  Because I do have a problem with tight fit in my big toe area, this was not a problem..  They are snug around my calf and it might be hard to get regular and jeans to fit in but not leggins or skinny jeans.  I would recommend them to my family and friends.
B0034G558E Bethel buckle boot Timberland boots, are great, they fit perfect and have a  good height.  Leather is soft and color contrast gives a very chic look. Boots that are really made for walking, insole has a well formed arch.  Love my Timberland Bethel buckle boot.
B0034G558E My go-to footwear I have worn these boots with everything from casual dresses to jeans.  I get compliments on them frequently.I feel the quality of the boot exceeded my expectations for the price.  They aren't the finest items ever made to grace the tender feet of the gods like the whisper of a thousand butterfly wings, but they're certainly very nice.I've seen many reviews complaining that the boots run small, but I don't find that to be the case at all.  I ordered my regular size and within a week or two of frequent wear, they were well broken-in and on their way to being the most comfortable footwear I own.  Perhaps those other reviewers are not familiar with breaking in leather footwear, or maybe I'm just lucky. Either way I'm glad I purchased my true size.  I will agree with reviewers who have stated these will not fit large-calved women.  If you carry a lot of weight/girth (including muscle) in your legs, these may not be a good fit.  I think my legs are slim-average, and I have only a small amount of room in the calf of these boots when I'm trying to accommodate heavy socks and jeans.  I don't see this as an issue, but it's worth mentioning for those who may be wondering.I now wear these boots almost everyday, even though we are heading into summer weather.  I originally purchased them as a fashion boot, but have evolved to wearing them both in the city and on long hiking/camping trips where mud, snakes, and jagged terrain are common. I prefer these to my hiking shoes now.
B0034G558E Love these boots!! These boots are great!  They are well made, stylish and comfortable.  Contrary to the item title, these boots are only mid-calf, but that is what I was looking for in an everyday boot.  The leather of the shaft is soft enough to fit snugly and allow plenty of flexibility for ease of walking.  The sole is also nicely flexible. Many reviewers have expressed concern about the width, but as my feet are rather narrow they fit very well.
B0034G558E My Favorite Boots! I had been searching all winter for a nice boot, but the ones I bought I had to keep returning; none of them fit with my muscular calves. I was about to give up when a friend recommended these to me. I was worried they wouldn't fit, but I was pleasantly surprised. The sizing was spot on and the lacing allows comfortable room, enough to fit leggings inside too! They look great, they really complete the outfit, and are comfy (nice, soft leather in the middle). I still wear them now, in the summer, when it rains or gets a bit chilly out. My favorite bad-girl boot so far!
B0034G558E Great versatile boots!  Could fit your "big" calves These are beautiful, flattering boots!  I ordered a half-size larger (which was recommended by several previous sellers)  I have long, narrow feet, small ankles and &#34;big-ish&#34; calves, 9.5 shoe- ordered a 10, fits perfect.My calf is about 15 inches around (measured from 11 inches off the floor which is where the boot hits my calf)  I tightened the ankle buckle and laces and loosened the top laces.  Admittedly there was not much lace to spare at the top, but you could get longer laces if you want.  I was able to comfortably wear skinny jeans inside of the boot as well.  I think you could definitely fit in these with calves that are at least 16&#34; or smaller.  Hope these specifications help!
B0034G558E Highly adjustable strap and laces make these a great fit. Elegant and a touch rugged - perfect combination for this season! I have legs/calves on the narrow side, thin ankles, narrow heels and slightly wide feet. These Timberland boots fit me well, look great, feel comfortable and are quite versatile. So exciting, because most boots simply look too frumpy being too wide at the ankles. I easily replaced the insoles with orthotics (green super feet and custom).  I ordered 1/2 size larger then I wear in dress shoes. These fit true to size, allowing room for thicker socks and about 1/2 inch space in front of the toes resulting in a comfortable fit for walking. On a cold day, I add an extra pair of long almost knee high socks underneath which is a suitable look this season. Otherwise, the boots are not particularly warm on their own, so they'll work for 50s.  Not waterproof, but I haven't had any leaks. The leather is not particularly soft around the sides of the foot, but they seem to be breaking in.
B0034G558E fab style but not as comfy as hoped (and some errors in the description) First, be aware that there are a few errors in the name and description of the boot. Rather than being knee-high, this is actually one of Timberland's mid-calf styles. The shaft is closer to 10&#34; than 12.5&#34;. Also, there is (thankfully) no &#34;faux fur snow cuff.&#34;On to the actual boot! The quality seemed good. The combination of different textures of leather really elevate this boot's style. No complaints there. The buckle's proportions and placement are perfect too.However, I was disappointed that the tongue of the boot wasn't connected to the shaft, and is only held in place by the laces in two places. In effect, it's just a long floppy piece of leather, and it can easily wind up bunched up or off to the side if you don't put the boot on carefully (especially if you're wearing them over leggings or pants).They also felt stiff when I put them on - not much give in the sole or around the ankle area. Maybe they just need to be broken in?The fit seemed narrow. I typically wear a B width, but I think I would need this boot in a C/D. The calf was also designed for someone with smaller legs. You can adjust the fit with the laces, but when I loosened the top enough to fit over my calf muscle, the boot started to look sloppy.So, it was back to Amazon! I'm sure these would be great boots for someone else...just not me.
B0034G558E Great boots! I have a hard time finding calf height boots that fit my calves. Though I am not overweight, apparently my calves are bulkier than the average woman! :) The fact that these lace up is great because it adds flexibility to loosen or tighten based on whether you have thicker socks or pants. The zipper up the side makes for easy on and off. They are also very comfortable boots.
B0034G558E very comfy and stylish, but not as high as I expected I read many reviews before purchasing this boot. I took the advice of ordering a size up because that's what other people recommended. I wear between a 10 and 11, so I went with an 11W. The fit is perfect. I was amazed at how comfortable these boots are! I would definitely give them a 5/5 on comfort level. The only negative aspect of the boot is the height. It says that it's a knee-high boot, (it could be my legs) but they hit more between mid-calf and the knee. I was somewhat disappointed about that. That was the only flaw I could find about them though.
B0034G558E Edgy, Beautiful and Comfy!! So it took me awhile to decide to keep these boots as they were a bit snug in the width, but not tight in length.  I walked around the house in them an hour or so for several days -and they loosened up perfectly, molding to my feet.  Ive worn these out about 3 times now, and today when I got home I didnt bother taking them off  - thats how comfortable they are.  For me they were true to size.  If foot width is an issue for you, Id suggest going with the wider width, tho mine did stretch out width-wise to perfection.  I can wear them with tights and skirts - or skinny jeans - both look great.  The ties make them totally adjustable to accommodate both.  I really like the bottom of the boot -they look like a hiking boot - making them great for all winter conditions, no slipping! But dont discount them because of the sole - these boots are beautiful enough for a night out on the town!  They are edgy combat boots with a feminine tailored feel!  I'm really happy I got them.  As far as quality goes - while they are not up to par with my expensive Frye boots, for the money, these are a deal!
B0034G558E Love these boots. I will wear these boots everyday!. The medium width is narrow. I border between medium and wide width depending on a certain styles of shoe. So if you are in between like me go with wide, length-wise they are true to size. I did not read the reviews before I purchased them because once I saw them I knew I wanted them. The style, the color blocking, and the accented stitching is perfect for me to dress up or down. In response to the reviews I did read today, it's true the laces are short if you don't tie them tight. I like to wear mine loose so I lace and tuck like the picture. I also thought about tying the boot but not lacing the top hole but that looks tacky. However, if you wear them tight then the laces are plenty long. Before I say this next few comments I would like to state that I am an Amazon Prime member and a true Amazon shopper. However, I would like to point out a few discrepancies I have with the Amazon description, 1. I'm 5'8&#34;, they are mid calf boots and NOT knee high unless you're under 5 ft, maybe. 2. Amazon product description says the laces are faux and the buckle is ornamental however they both function to loosen or tighten the boot. I saw them on other sites first and already expected mid-calf. I was excited to see them listed on Amazon as knee high. They are so stylish I was open to either. The color is great, just as vibrant as the picture. I just noticed I got a scuff on them already but because of the high quality of the leather it blends natural/well with the color. I love these boots!! I didn't even realize they were part of the Earthkeeper's collection that makes them even better.
B0034G558E Very comfortable! Very nice boots, comfortable and stylish!! Soft leather and I like being able to adjust the laces to fit my calves.
B0034G56L0 classic style and quality! I almost returned these boots because they were a little too narrow through the instep when I first tried them on. The next day I decided to wear them around the house a little before making a final decision. They quickly stretched and conformed to my foot. The leather and workmanship is very high quality and I love the beefy tread. These boots are equally suited to a day at the barn or dinner on the town; they are comfortable and stylish and the quality is outstanding. I am really glad I kept them. They are my winter boot of choice.
B0034G5IJA returned item I had to return them because the ankle part of the boots were too tight. I ordered my true size of 7 and they were perfect on the foot but the ankle and calf area, it was too tight. I don't have big calves and am not a big girl, so I think they just run small on the ankle and calf area.
B0034G5IJA Great boots I got these boots as a Valentine's day gift, my husband order them from Amazon.He ordered my true size.I love these boots!I like the full length zip down the inside I had no problems getting them on or off. The zipper was easy to get up. I have had trouble with other boots as I don't have skinny calves. The ankle seemed to bulge out a bit but I just tighten up the laces.I wore them today with some skinny jeans, they were very comfortable.
B0034G5J9E Very comfortable and classic This is a very comfortable, classic boot made of great quality leather.  It fit true to size for me (I'm a 9, regular width) though if it were tight, I would just buy some boot stretch spray and use that since these boots are all-leather.  The burgandy color is really more of an oxblood, not red, which I love.  The soles are rubber and have a non-raised lug sole, which offers excellent traction.  These boots mold to your feet after a few wearings and are incredibly comfortable.  I wish they came in black, too!
B0034G5J9E Wish it would have worked out... I loved these boots, rich dark brown color, the shape, the quality...I am usually a 6 1/2 to 7, and decided on the 7 in these boots.  They were too tight in the toes and killed my heel.  I know the leather would stretch some, but not enough to make them comfortable.  Also, I didn't realize how high the shaft was, and with my 5'2" body, it wasn't working with them going into my knees.  I am returning these and and will find another pair of Timberland Earthkeepers boots in a half size larger and shorter shaft height.So in conclusion, order a half size up and possibly go wide if you have an average width.
B0034G5J9E LOVE these boots! I have been searching for months for the perfect pair of brown boots- and I found them! These fit my wide calves great- I have 16 and a half inch calves and these boots fit with lots of room to spare even with jeans on. They were super comfortable from the first time I put them on, no break in time required. They seem to be really high quality and I hope I have them for years to come!
B0034G5J9E LOVED THEM! I loved these boots. they're really good quality leather, and the top half of the lining is also leather. The material is so thick that they can stand up op on their own, which is really impressive, since most boots are really thin, cheap leather. These do run small, so order a half size up. They have a nice sole as well, and they're super comfortable. The calves are really wide, and i have small calves, but they look really cute anyway. They do need a bit of wearing in before you wear them - they rubbed my heels a bit, but i have really senitive feet - so wear them around the house for a while before you wear them all day. i'm incrediably impressed with these!!
B0034G5JTE Obviously a display shoe One of mine came faded with about 10 scuffs along the toe box.  I am debating returning them because the difference is very obvious to me.  While I don't think they were a return, they have been tried on aggressively.  I don't care about the scratches as much as the different colors of the shaft. THe faded one looks greyish brown, while the other shoe is a very browny brown.As for the fit, they fit my calves a bit better than the other timberlands I just bought, and the shaft is taller.  I ordered a wide and it is barely a wide.They are a very adorable boot.  The lower heel, the subtly embroidered strap across the calf and the buckle all work.As for the quality of the leather, the suede is VERY nice and not slubby.  The leather piping is warmer than the rest of the brown, which looks cooler.  It looks like a good quality boot.So now I need to decide if the fading is a big enough issue to warrant a return.
B0034G5JTE cute, classic fall boots I've been looking for black riding boots for a while and finally found these.  I wear an 8.5 and they fit true to that size, but do have a fairly narrow footbed.  It's a bit of an effort to get my heels in, but once they are it fits fine.  A little tight maybe, but, I expect they will conform to my feet in time and are already comfortable.  The styling is very inoffensive, but with nice details so they aren't too boring.  Lovely, soft suede upper and the buckle is adorable.  The calf is a little less fitted than I would prefer, but they fit nicely over skinny jeans which is how I plan on wearing them.True to size in lengthNarrowThere is a break-in periodThe leather is qualityOverall quality, five starsClassics that will last more than one seasonBuckle at top allows for custom fitting around your calf
B0034G5KAC Love these boots! These boots fit great and the lining inside feels soft and comfortable. There is a durable side zipper and three holes to adjust fit to your calves. The rubber soles look nice and sturdy. I shouldn't have to worry about slipping around outside when wet or icy. Did I mention that they're cute too? I can't wait for it to get cool outside so I can wear my boots!
B0034G5KAC Well worth the money Love these boots. The leather is a lovely high quality considering the price. I usually wear a 9.5 but got these in 10 and they are very comfortable. The calf opening is roomy and works with all manner of jeans or leggings. Tread is awesome, seemingly non-slip!
B0034G5KAC BUY THESE What a beautiful boot. It looks sleek and low-profile on my size 10 foot. The tread is also impressive but does not detract from the boot's elegant look. The color is a wonderfully rich dark brown.The shaft fits my athletic 14-inch calf perfectly!
B0034G5KAC Perfect fall/winter boot for walkers I love this boot! I was considering a pair of Fryes and was thus doing a lot of research (given how pricey they are), when I came across Timberlands.  Based on the fact that reviews of their boots were awesome, I decided to order a pair just to try out, figuring that if I didn't like them, returns are free and I'd just send them back.  Well, I love them.  From the moment I put them on they were comfortable. I've worn them for the last 3 days straight for both sitting in my office and trekking across campus in 3 degree weather.  They are warm, they stay firmly in place over my jeans, and after the first day there was no heel slippage.  I have slightly narrow to average feet and they feel like they were made for me. There's even arch support! There really is no break in period necessary for this boot, which is some small miracle.  They look great, they're comfortable, they fit around my athlete's calves, and that adjustable button strap at the top is perfect if your'e wearing them over skinnies.  The heel is just the right height and the awesome tread got me across many icy parking lots with no problem.  I did waterproof mine, which will come in handy this winter.  If they get a little dirty (like from salt on the sidewalks), just wipe them off with your hand!  I can see myself wearing these non-stop for years to come, and I didn't even have to drop $400 or $500; they were on sale for more than half off.  Perfect!  Only tiny complaint? The suede part isn't quite the soft texture I'm used to.  It's hard to describe, but it still looks great.  I'm looking forward to wandering all over the UK and Paris in these; unlike on other walk-heavy trips, I can tell my feet won't bleed or blister!
B0034G5KAC The most stylish boot this year....if only it fit properly I am so sad I could not keep these! I LOVE this boot, it is EXACTLY what I wanted. It looked like good quality materials are used in this boot and it was eye catching even from afar. But the calf does not fit! I cannot express in words my disappointment! It was way too tight at the calf for me, although the left calf was slightly loser than the right. I tried adjusting the buckle at the top (you can see this buckle in the picture) but this makes no difference in the fit because it is purely for decoration. I also tried stretching the leather of the calf area to see if I could loosen it a little but this didn't help at all either. All I needed was another .5 inch to 1 inch and they would have fir perfectly. I was extremely disappointed with the fit of these beautiful shoes, if they would put as much thought into function as they did into style I would own them in every color! (FYI- they say on their website the calf circumference is 14.5 inches... don't know if this is accurate or not)
B0034G5KAC Love them but... I absolutely love these boots.  They are everything I was looking for, however, I'm debating on sending them back.  I do a lot of walking, and so my calves are larger.  These boots fit me, but they are quite tight and I don't think I will be able to wear jeans underneath them.  However, I love them so much that I might just wait it out and hope they stretch as I wear them.  If you have thinner calves, get these!  They really are beautiful.
B0034G5KAC Great Boots!! I absolutely love these boots ! They are comfortable right out of the box,  no need to have a break in period. They go well with jeans or a dress.  I have had lots of compliments  about them. They are not flimsy leather and the top part is adjustable so they fit my skinny legs!
B0034G5KAC Beware the fit of these beautiful boots Even after reading the very accurate reviews of others, I couldn't resist buying these boots. They are the style and color I have long wanted and I factored in the previous reviewer's input by selecting a half size larger than I'd normally wear (this advice was spot on). What I didn't want to believe was that the top of the boot would be tight around my calf and that the part of the boot around the ankle would be loose. However, the reviewers were absolutely right about these two aspects of the boot as well. I measured my calf before ordering the boot but I was still unable to close the zipper. And the looseness around the ankle gave the boot an unstable feeling and a slightly sloppy look. If you fall in love with the look of these boots please factor these details in before purchasing them. They seem to be durable, and they're certainly stylish but I had to return them.
B0034G5KAC Beautiful, comfortable boots. I am 5'4&#34; 115#, size 7.5 normally. I ordered a size 8 to accommodate heavy socks as I sit in an office that is rather coolish on the floor next to a large window and wanted warm footwear. They are beautifully made, deep rich brown, very comfortable and great tread. I love them! My calves are about 13&#34; so I can zip up over a pair of straight leg pants and even slightly flared so they are somewhat wide for thin calves & skinny jeans but I think if I wanted I can put that top tab on the tightest option and they would be fine with skinny jeans. There are 3 tab options at the top.
B0034G5KAC Great Purchase! I absolutely love these boots!  HOWEVER, I have small calves so they seem to fold a bit and are not as snug.  I have received lots of compliments on these boots.  I would recommend going a 1/2 size larger.  They fit my foot fine, but I can't wear thick socks or it gives it a tight feel.
B0034G5KAC FINALLY... a boot that fits! I've been looking for 2 years for tall boots that fit my skinny legs, and that didn't look like giant gunboats (I wear a size 10+). These are a great height, have a narrow enough calf circumference and fit well in the ankles too. I also really like the mix of suede and smooth leather. Oh and the color is great too, and is as pictured! I'm a fan!
B0034G5KAC Great everyday boots I purchased these about 2 weeks ago.  I ordered an 8.5 - I usually wear 8 - 8.5 so I think these were true to size.  I wanted to be able to wear boot socks with them.  They are so very comfortable - I wore them all day on my second day out and not a problem.  They are slightly rugged and look great with my skinny jeans.  Love them.
B0034G5KAC Timberland boots I LOVE these boots! They were exactly what I was looking for. I love the chocolate color - they go with so many things. They are extremely comfortable - I can wear them all day without a problem. They look great with skinny jeans, tights, skirts, and I even have a couple more casual dresses that I can wear them with. Very versatile! I wanted an all leather boot with a nice tread that I could wear in snowy weather. These will be perfect. And because they are Timberland brand, they are built extremely well.  I've had a lot of compliments and a friend who went and bought the exact same ones because she loved them so much.
B0034G5KAC Rugged Beauty I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the comfort of this boot right out of the box. I have a wide foot and I wore them to work then an all night outing with no discomfort. They look equally stunning with leggings or jeans! Now I have to say, I ordered a 7.5 and I  have 14in calves and the boots did not initially fit over them. I loved the boots so much I stretched them out myself with water and alcohol so I could zip them up.I gave them 4 stars b/c I don't think they should scuff so easily considering the price of the boots! I plan to use some polish to buff the marks out.Overall- LOVE THEM! Recommend
B0034G5KAC Great Boots I have been looking for a comfortable pair of tall boots without too tall of a heel for awhile now. These boots are wonderful! They are DARK brown - darker than what you would think from the photos. The leather is nice and not cheap-looking like other boots I've tried. I normally wear a 7.5 or 8 and ordered the 8 because other reviewers said they were a little tight. I don't think they are tight at all. There is plenty of room to wear thicker socks and tuck my jeans. There is an adjustable calf strap with three notches. On the middle one I have plenty of room (my calfs are 13&#34;). Overall I love these boots! They look great and are affordable.
B0034G5KAC Great looking, comfy boots These boots were, very nice, high quality, very comfortable. I read other comments and bought a 1/2 size up (a 9 instead of 8.5) and they fit perfect. I like the refined rugged look, I got several compliments on my first wearing. I have thicker ankles and calves but these boots zipped up comfortably, they have an adjustment button at the top, mine is at the widest setting. I like the idea of an adjustable top, for all shapes of calves!
B0034G5KAC A Great Boot Looks great with the different textures, fits well and is comfortable to walk in all day.  The brown is a wonderful shade.  Like 90% of the boots I've tried on, the calf circumference could be smaller, but it's not so big that your leg looks like a stick inside an umbrella stand.  I tried on brown boots from Lord and Taylor, Macys and Nordstroms but these were the winner.
B0034G5KAC Tall Brown Boots Fit is fine - they seem comfortable enough. I love the rich color! Calf area is tight - pants inside might be a problem for some - if that's whatyou want. 4 stars  - for the look - could be more comfy and more versatile if upper boot was a bit wider.
B0034G5KAC Loved my previous Timberland's but for some reason these are too tight&#8230; idk I bought these thinking they would be comparable to the last ones I bought but they are tighter and loose at my calf. When I tighten the little strap at the top it bulges out and I don't like the look. I do have very slender legs and it is hard to find boots that fit snug on my chicken legs :) I am sending these back and looking for something else. I still think Timberland's are well constructed and sturdy.
B0034G5KAC great boots! I really love these boots! Cute and comfortable...who could ask for more?  I normally wear a size 8.5 but prefer to wear thicker socks and size up to a 9 in most shoes because of this.  The only size available was a 9.5M and figured a would take a chance.  It worked out great as these boots do run a little small to begin with and with thick socks the fit is perfect. I am 5.5 and these boots come about 2 inches below my knees.  The fit around my slender calves is loose enough to wear regular jeans tucked into them but still stylish for wearing with skinny jeans.
B0034G5KAC not for skinny legs...no... my calf in widest is 13 inches, these were WAAAY TOO WIDE!! it seemed like 16-17 inch, not 15..i liked the quality very much. i can't rate low stars, because normal women dont have chicken legs. i returned them, will be looking for 14 inch calf circ.
B0034G5KAC Wonderful Boot This is a very well made leather boot. There is wiggle room for extra thick socks if you desire to wear with this boot. There is no need to consider a break-in period for these boots. You can order your regular size. You just take them out the box, and wear them. They are very comfy. I wore these about four times already, and got compliments each time I wore them. They look great with skirts, straight and skinny jeans. They also look wonderful with leggings. I am very pleased with this investment :)
B0034G5KAC Wonderful boots! These are wonderful boots and the fit is good though as expected a bit more generous through the calf. They are awesome and stylish and get many compliments. I had incorrectly thought the mid boot was suede but it is in fact a worn distressed looking type of leather which is better for the weather conditions where I live.
B0034G5KAC Beautiful! Beautiful boots, and well made.  Love these boots!  I wear them a lot in the winter, and they wear beautifully.  I've gotten many compliments on them too.  They look great with jeans, leggings, and skirts.  I bought them on sale, and would do it again, without hesitation!
B0034G5KAC Timberland Boots Very comfortable straight out of the box. Dressy enough for skirts but casual for everyday wear. Top is adjustable and stretches to fit my large calves.
B0034G5KAC Great boot Fit great and are even tight enough around the calf! I have smaller calves so I always look like I'm swimming in boots!
B0034G5KAC Great pair of boots! I saw these boots in the Timberland store but the sizes were limited.  I read a lot of the reviews on Amazon before deciding to order.  I wear an 8 & ordered the 8.  They fit perfectly and I'm wearing a thick winter sock.  They fit around my calf/leg perfectly.  They are extremely comfortable and look great.  I love the soft soles and arch supports.  The soles are made of rubber with good tread - I'd have no concerns about wearing these in the snow & ice. I will do my own waterproofing even though the description states they're waterproof.  I want to maintain their great look.  The inside of the boot is very soft and does not rub or hurt your feet/ankle where it bends when walking.  The leather is good quality and pliable, and the suede is soft and rich in color.Note:  If you've ever owned a boot with suede areas in the shaft, yes they all do slouch a bit.  I do not find that to be a sloppy look, but a bit of a rustic look.  The boots do NOT need to be broken in - they feel like you've been wearing them for years.  I highly recommend these great boots.Color:  BrownSize:  8
B0034G5KAC The perfect boot! After lots of searching online I bit the bullet and added these to my Christmas list.  I was very hesitant about the boots from the reviews that I had read.  "The calves are to tight, the tops are saggy, narrow toe box...etc" you get the point.  I have to admit I have the same issues with most boots that I purchase.  I am an average size woman with what I expect are average calves and I tend to find that most boots are hard to zip up because they are to tight.I found that this is not the case (for me anyway) with this pair.  They are made wonderfully and with the adjustment to add alittle extra room in the calf area I have had zero issues.They look wonderful and fit like they were made just for my feet alone.My street shoe is a 9 and I thought long and hard on if I should heed the warnings of others and order larger, but I stuck with my gut feeling and ordered a 9 like always.  I am happy I followed my instincts because if I had listened to others then I would be sending them back.It is hard to purchase shoes online and I feel that I am very lucky to have found such a wonderful fit.  These boots are gorgeous and if you are willing to take the chance, I highly suggest giving them a try.
B0034G5KAC Beautiful and comfortable, but slouchy around the ankle Thjis boot is well-made for the price I paid (around $107), but I would expect higher quality if I'd had to pay full price for it.  As many other reviewers have pointed out, the shaft is not lined, which makes it slouch somewhat around the ankles (because the shaft material is also thinner than the leather is around the foot and around the very top of the boot).  If you like that look, it is great -- very, very cute with jeans!  But I wanted also to wear this boot with casual dresses or skirts, and the slouchy look, combined with the fairly heavy-duty sole, wasn't going to work for that.  The boot is beautiful and very comfortable.  The dark brown is rich-looking and goes with many colors of clothing.  But the heel is very slightly &#34;cheap-looking&#34; (it does not look like a genuine stacked heel) and the soft distressed leather shaft (NOT suede, if that is what you are expecting) is a little cheaply made.
B0034G5KAC Perfect Boot, finally found! Found the perfect brown leather calf lenght boot with short heel, only after 5 yrs of searching.  As others indicated, the boot does run small.  I did order it a 1/2size larger than what I normally wear.  Toe area is fitted, but not to tight.  I am able to wear with thick socks, size 8M, but I do have a narrow foot/heel.  Really like the adjustable calf strap- legs& feet swelling currently r/t pregnancy.  Still able to wear this super comfortable boot despite swelling/tired legs& feet.  I am super pleased with this boot!
B0034G5KAC Wanted to love! I so wanted to love these boots!  However, the suede portion of the shaft just isn't sturdy enough... The shaft was too tight around my runner's calf and when I even just bent my leg they would slide down my calf and stay there...  Slouchy ankles never attractive in a boot... Sadly I need to return!
B0034G5KAC Now I look for outfits just to wear with my boots... These boots look great on (I receive compliments almost very time I wear them.); They are comfortable. They don't beat sneakers or walking shoes. However, if I could, I'd wear them every day.  Alas these are a little casual for pencil skirts and a blazer.  They are perfect for skinny jeans, leggings/jeggings, and some other skirts.I thought I'd have to get them stretched as they were a lttle snug near my smallest toes. But the leather gave some within the first few wears, so I didn't have to.  They slouch a little on my calves, but I expected that since mine are small. There is an adjustable strap at the top of each boot which keeps them from sliding down too far. The color is a deep brown and is perfect for all ranges of browns, blues and black themed clothing, not to mention the multitude of colors in the rainbow.I started to give it 4 stars, but I seriously attempt to wear them almost every day. Which deserves an &#34;I love it&#34; 5 stars.
B0034G5KAC Pretty good boots I have been looking for knee high boots for a very very long time and when I saw these I was immediately sold. I read all the other reviews and was aware that these boots can be saggy in the shaft part. Those comments were so true, but I didn't think it would be that bad,  but it is. So, if you are looking for a stiff boot, these aren't for you. The only other thing I would change about these boots is the height of the heel. I would make them a little taller. I do like several other things about this boot that override the bad things, such as the skinny and adjustable calf, the suede/leather combo, and the buckles don't look cheap. Overall, this is a great boot and if you are looking into buying these, keep in mind that the sizes to run small. I normally wear a 6 1/2 and ordered a 7. When I pulled the boot out of the box, it looked really big for my foot, but the boot is pretty narrow so it worked out. They fit perfectly.
B0034G5KAC Great boots I ordered these boots because we have snow.  My legs were getting cold.  Timberland is a good brand I remembered from my college years.  These are very pretty for riding boots and I ordered my regular size.  They are roomier than I expected but with thicker socks fit just fine.  They are a little snug on the calf and I am not a heavy person but I do tuck my jeans inside the boots.  All in all, great purchase and comfortable right out of the box.
B0034G5KAC Love these boots! I ordered a half size bigger than my usual and I'm glad I did. They fit perfect in length, they were just a tiny bit snug in the width of one foot ( nobodies two feet are exactly the same size) but it loosened up after just about a half hour of wearing them, same thing the next day, never actually made my foot sore, and by the third time wearing them they fit very comfortably! They are a beautiful very dark brown, good quality leather/craftsmanship,generous tread on the bottom, but not so much that they look clunky. They feel substantial on your feet, but I wouldn't say heavy. The adjustment at the calf comes in handy when wearing over a thicker denim, or layers. Now if I could just find a nice dark brown leather cross body bag/purse to match lol. Overall I'm very happy with these boots, and will be wearing them winter and summer for years to come!
B0035LD2II Great, except for one issue... So this boot looks and feels great.  I have a hard time finding stylish footwear that fits my feet comfortably.  Most of my older shoes and boots end up with my little toe forcefully working it's way through the sidewall.  I bought these in 14W, I usually go a size larger but these run a little big.  So anyway, the fit is great the look is fantastic.  However I didn't rate them higher because one of the pull straps partially tore when went to wear them.  I don't mind enough to send them back and have still worn them many times since.  But for a boot that is made to be pulled on, it should have a more substantial piece of leather for doing so.
B0038JCZ9Y Madison Heights boots These are very nice boots.  They do run tight.  I wear a 5.5 and the 5.5 boots that I ordered are perfect with a thin sock.  If you like more room, order one size up.  What I'm really disappointed about is that the calf circumference is too small.  There is no way that you can fit your pants in them. I can't even zip mine up, therefore I have to return them :(
B0038JCZ9Y Great boots!!! - These boots are extremely confortable.- I advice to get 1/2 a size bigger, i wear a 9 and i ordered a 9.5 and it fits perfect.- High quality leather,love the detailing.- These boots would not work if you have big calves.- Looks very stylish with skinny jeans & leggings- Would recommend this boots to anyone.- Shipment arrived as promised too :-)
B0038JCZ9Y High Quality Boot I really like these boots. They are great quality leather and the top detailing adds to the look. The only thing that wasn't mentioned is that they have an oily finish to the leather. Every scratch shows up, but you can mostly rub out the scratches. I usually wear an 8.5-9 and I purchased a size 9. I think I could have worn an 8.5. I have found them to be roomy. But, overall I think they're extremely stylish. Glad I purchased them at this great price.
B0038JCZ9Y beautiful boots I got these boots for Christmas, and the next day wore them for 4 hours in the mall.  They are very comfortable, and so pretty.  They are very well made.  The embossed leather at the top is a very nice touch.  I have owned Timberland boots before -- my last pair lasted for more than 5 years.  They always fit my foot well.  I do have skinny calves, so have plenty of room at the top of these boots to tuck in jeans.
B0038JCZ9Y Amazing Boots I ordered a 7.5 medium, usually wear a 7.5 and have a narrown heel.  These run small, and very narrow in the toe area.  I'm truly surprised as I often wear a AA.  I will have to return for a size 8 M.The boot are more beautiful in person than on the website and priced at $71.99 from Amazon's Warehouse Deals Inc were packaged well, shipped before the site date, although not in the two day Prime member timeline.  OK with me though at this great price!Very comfortable and definitely reordering.  I have smalled calves and plenty of room to tuck leggings, pants and wear knee highs on cold days.  Will be weather proofing these babies with all the wet nasty weather here in Wisconsin.They are beautiful boots.  Glad I waited a couple years and found these!  Oh, bought the dark brown ones, great with jeans, pants, skirts, leggings...and I have some old blacks boots for now.  Nice quality, you won't be disappointed.
B0038JCZ9Y Very happy with these boots I usually wear 7.5-8 so after reading the reviews I got an 8M and they fit fine, although with thicker socks they are pretty snug.At first the shoe part seemed very stiff and they have very high arch supports but I am wearing them today and have been walking around and they are very comfy and look beautiful! I have high arches though so they might not work for some people. I also have skinny calves and these are a good cut for me with jeans tucked in or with stockings.Minus one star for two reasons: one is that they scratch extremely easily (I got the medium brown) but I treated them with waterproofing stuff and the scratches rubbed out.The other thing has nothing to do with the boots but I was sent a pair that had clearly been returned and not repackaged properly. The boots were unzipped and unwrapped and the cardboard inserts were loose in the box. However I examined them very carefully and they were spotless and still brand new so I am happy with them.
B0038JCZ9Y The Perfect Boots I love these boots. I'd looked for brown riding style boots for months and was getting frustrated and I found these on amazon. Was I happy. They arrived on time and the boots were cutier in person then the web photo and very well made. The Leather is excellant quailty and the color is a beautiful dark chocolate brown. And are they comfortable. Honestly you could wear them all day and feel great. Also the boot calf isn't too big or small, there is a tab that allows the calf more room if needed. I've worn them several times and always get compliments on them and the pretty floral embossed design around the top. These boots are amazing and I'm now sold on timberland because of them.
B003ELOYEA Decent value for money, very warm! These are great boots! I have larger calves so I often have problems finding boots that fit well. The boots come with a zipper on the inside of the calf (which I did not realise until they arrived in the mail). This makes it easy to get in and out the boots quickly, while the laces allow you to fit the boots to your calves and ankles comfortably. The fleece in the boots looks cheap and doesn't feel soft to the touch but that doesn't matter so long as you wear socks and leggings, or pants. The boots are wonderfully warm and with a little water-proofing I'll be able to wear them in the snow! There's a membrane that prevents the zipper from touching your leg for the first few centimeters that aids in keeping water out, which helps. I bought them a half size larger than my usual, to leave a little space for roomier socks.
B003ELOYEA Look out... If you have bigger calves these boots wont fit at all. I had larger calves from being in marching band and playing soccer for years, and I couldnt get them to zip up without seriously readjusting the tension on the strings, even then they didnt fit right. The heel rubbed quite a bit. Otherwise they seem to be great... Their fit just isnt for someone with larger calves.
B003ELOYEA too tight in the calf I was hoping these would work but the calf was too tight while tucked into pants. I'm a biker and my calfs need wide width. Bummer. They were a little bulky looking too but they are winter boots afterall
B003ELOYEA Warm & Comfy! My hubby ended up buying me these boots for my trip to Michigan in December (and also since we'll be moving there next year). It's a good thing b/c my suede Nine West wedge boots would not have cut it! These boots are so warm & awesome! I love them! I'm typically a size 10 and have feet that are on the "skinny" side, but I'm not a narrow shoe size.  I ended up ordering my regular shoe size & they fit fine, a little snug, but not uncomfortable.  I can't wear anything bulk under though, and luckily, they have the laces & zipper, b/c they are definitely a little snug in the calf. I have been wearing them all over the place already & have not had to break them in.  Overall, great boots! Love them!
B003ELOYEA Wider Calves?  No Problem! I read several of the other reviews carefully and selected a 1/2 size up from my normal size since these run small. And because I have a somewhat wider calf and slightly wider feet (although I normally wear a medium shoe) I selected the wide.  These boots are a perfect fit. With socks and jeans, loosen up the laces a bit, unzip, step into the boot with your pants or jeans tucked, rezip, readjust laces. Voila! Want to wear them without jeans? Simply tighten the laces. Not only do the boots look terrific, they feel terrific. The arch gives great support, and the fit is so nice I've been wearing them for the past 2 hours. If you're looking for warm, comfortable, stylish boots at a reasonable price, these are for you.
B003ELOYEA Comfortable and Stylish I absolutely love these boots. I like the fact that they lace up but there's also a zipper. I have large calves so to be able to loosen the laces and still wear a zip up is great. I've gotten many compliments on these boots. They are well made and warm.
B003ELOYEA Gorgeous boot but didn't fit my calves I love the look of this boot, but I also have 'athletic calves'. After gathering information from multiple sources about the calf circumference, I thought I would try them. The calf circumference is large--about 17" at the largest--but at this point, the boots are tight and the tongue is barely covering the front opening behind the laces. It just looks funny/wrong. So, if your calves are 17" or bigger at the widest point, I don't believe you will like this boot. Also, about the sizing...I am generally an 11B and bought an 11B...while it is certainly snug, due to the lining, it was a great fit. Since I don't think you would ever need to wear very thick socks with this boot, you might stick with ordering your normal size and width.
B003ELOYEA So Happy So Far! View video at zappos.com - While i bought my boots via amazon and am happy I did because they were less expensive, i really found the video at this other site useful because I could see how the boot moved and fit on a person. I really debated about which boots I wanted to get this year and I chose these...smart choice so far. They arrived very quickly and in great condition. I am typically a size 7 1/2 - 8 depending on the shoe (although last year i had a pair of Bearpaw Pasador IIs that were a 9!) These in an 8 fit me perfectly. They come up to about an inch or two below my knee which i prefer to mid calf heights. They are warm, cozy and easy to adjust the laces to better fit the contour of my leg. I wear them with skinny jeans and they go over very easily, the laces could adjust if you have more of a straight leg pant to accommodate although because of the zipper you can only accommodate so much. LOVE the zipper cause it makes getting in and out of them easy. Been wearing them around the office today just to get used to them and so far they are breaking in comfortably. A little stiff in the toe but you can tell they will continue to break in with wear. I am going to add a layer of waterproofing just in case. Adore the chocolate brown it looks great with jeans and a black coat!
B003ELOYEA Very comfortable, high quality & great adjustable fit for people with wide calves. Very comfortable boots.  These, fleece lined, boots will definitely keep your feet warm.  The size is a true fit -I wear an 8 1/2 - 9 size shoe (boots a 9) and I purchased a 9 and they fit well.  A perfect fitting boot for my wide calves as I am able to adjust the fit with the lace-up front.  Good traction in rain.  Highly recommend the Timberland Earthkeepers Grandby boots. Excellent! 5 stars!
B003ELOYEA Not as amazing as I hoped for Some things look better on you than off. These boots were the opposite. They were so cute until I put them on. I think it may not be as bad for women with very small calves, but even then they would have to tighten up the laces and the tongue would get super scrunchy and may look weird. For me, I felt like it accentuated the fact that my calves are larger (maybe because the sides of the shoes are kind of thick). Also, even thought I got a wide after reading all the other reviews, they still seemed narrow and believe me I do not own ANY shoes that are for wide feet. So they were a bit snug....I'd recommend if you must get these AND don't have an complex with your calves, get a size bigger than you'd think.I will admit the pocket on the side is adorable and they are very well made and of high quality. But I had to return them because they weren't cheap and I was not satisfied with the comfort. It probably didn't help that I got some super comfortable awesome boots from another site and they came around the same time. These were not comparable to my other ones that were half the price.
B003ELOYEA Awesome boot, bought two different colors! I LOVE these boots.  I'm an 8-8.5 & because only the 8 was available in the Amazon Wharehouse Deals & it saved me about $50 I got the 8.  I could've use an 8.5 I suppose but it's not bad even with thin socks.  I'm 5'9" 135lbs, small but athletic frame & these boots zipped up easily over skinny & straight leg jeans.  As many reviewers said & IMO these are better than Uggs & at 39yrs old maybe a more serious option over the over-done college look of Uggs as well.  The toe box offers nice wiggle room & the only minor complaint I have is that with my high arches the top of my mid-foot gets a little sore after 5-6hrs of wearing so I may have them stretched a little to help that IF they don't stretch soon.  I took them out of the box & wore them all day...feet that are normally sensitive to cold felt nice & warm as did my legs.  Looking forward to many Chicago winter days in them.  Loved them so much I got them in black & dark brown via Amazon Wharehouse Deals. I've become a huge Timberland fan.
B003ELOYEA super cute, warm boot It took a few tries, but I found the perfect fit.  I ordered 8 1/2 Wide (usually wear 9 Med). The ties enable the boot to be worn under or over pants and fit nicely over my muscular calves.  Once they're tied, I can put them off and on easily by using the zipper.  The shearling lining makes them toasty, they look nice, not clunky like many cold weather boots, bottom tread give me sure footing, waterproof.
B003ELOYEA Timberland boots Loved the boots.  Look just like the picture. The fit can be a little snug if you put them on over a pair of jeans and I have smaller calves, so if you have larger calves and want to tuck jeans into them, I don't think this would be the boot for you.  They are super cute and really warm.
B003ELOYEA Quality, Style, & Comfort... When I laid eyes on these boots, it was love at first sight...and after reading the customer reviews, I was confident that they'd be just as good as I'd hoped, based on initial looks.  I do love these boots, but I gave them a 4-star rating because I think they could use a couple improvements.  I'll just post my review in list format:PROS* quality materials and workmanship* front laces for personalized fit and visual design detail, w/ zipper entry for ease* warm shearling lining* VERY comfy from first wearing...no need to break in bootsCONS (though very minor)* the flap of leather on the inside (adjacent to zipper) that crease-folds is a bit uncomfy...it doesn't chafe, so not enough to forsake the boots, but it's a generously thick fold of leather that you do feel on the inner side of the leg, just above the ankle* soles are a bit heavy, but not prohibitively so (look at the weight of the boots and judge for yourself)ADDITIONAL NOTE:* no need to order 1/2 size up (I'm a solid 8, and my heels slide out a bit in the 8 1/2), but DO go WIDE unless you have a narrow foot (Timberlands do run a bit narrow).  I did read from one reviewer who said that she DIDN'T order a 1/2 size up, while most did.  I strongly recommend going w/ your usual shoe length.
B003ELOYEA Gorgeous! These boots are amazing. I spent days reading review after review before settling on these. They are gorgeous and so cuddly warm! I have larger calves and they fit, no problem, even tucking my jeans in them. They are extremely well-made and durable, functional and attractive. My only negative comment is that they're so beautiful, I almost don't want to wear them outside!Other comments:I was a little nervous because one of the close-up pics of the toe of the boot makes the suede look almost faded/grey- they are not faded at all, it must be the photography lighting.Agree with getting 1/2 size up from what you usually wear.
B003ELOYEA Timberland Women's 21632 Earthkeepers I bought these as a gift for my daughter who is a size 10 (sometimes 10 1/2) who was having a problem fitting into a stylish winter boot. After reading  reviews about how fabulous these boots were, and that they were fitting a bit snug(which is typical of a lined winter boot) I ordered an 11- and they fit like a dream!! She absolutely loves them, and they are so stylish and comfortable- I wish I had gotten a pair as well!! What a great look, and the brown color is a perfect shade to show off the style that these boots exude. Great looking with skinny jeans!!!!!
B003ELOZSU Great HOT Boots! I've been searching for a pair of cute winter boots all winter, but can actually be worn in rain and snow for trips out of town.I seen these on the Timberland website and thought they where so cute! and weather proof!I later goggled pictures to see other girls wearing them and reviews.All good!I was torn between colours! Between the forest green and the all black, but better be safe than sorry and I picked the black, and Im very very glad I did! I may eventually get the wheat colour. (I just love that chestnut colour) But black has a more "hardcore" look to the boot, which fits my style perfectly!About the sizing of the boot in general. I ordered my normal size 6, and it fits perfect. I also have very high arched fit, but doesn't seem to be an issue. I could see if you have wider feet these boots may not be the best fit for you, because my narrow fit with normal socks are fine. Around the calf area, i also have muscular calves that normally cant fit into boots at all. But these are perfecto!!! =) hope this helps with your decision, these boots are adorablay!! Also ill 2nd that my fianc&eacute; said their super cute. Maybe not in those words, but he will defiantly say if something looks ridiculous or really good.Their 170 on the website, but I ordered mine right before Christmas and got them for 84$ total (Steal!!!!)Dang, with shipping and tax included on Timberlands website that's probably like almost 100$ off.I almost feel like I raped you Amazon. lol )
B003ELOZSU Ready for the snow! I am so glad I purchased these boots. I was a little hesitant as I have slim calves but wear a size 9 shoe. I thought they would make my foot look larger and my legs like beanpoles. That is not the case. These actually make my feet look smaller!! These boots are comfortable, warm and fit true to size. They provide a little extra support when walking. I cannot wait till it snows to really put these to good use. I bought them in the brown with green. Loved the color combination. Gives it a little stylist flare and makes them stand out in the crowd.
B003EV5KB6 Great little boot Bought a size 1.5 for my very small 10 year old (she's only 48" tall). They fit and look great. She loves them!I also bought a 5.5 for my 13 year old (she typically can wear my size 6.5/7 in woman's), but the boots were a bit too big for her (especially around her narrow heel and ankle); definitely big on me too. However, going down to a size 5, my daughter didn't feel like she had enough foot space. Since she's still growing and its early in the season, we decided to keep the 5.5 and just add inserts or heavier socks.Before returning the kids size 5, I decided to try them on myself (most of my other boots are a 6.5 women's). The kids 5 actually fits me quite well (even with a medium weight sock). I have several pairs of high end boots, but for under $40 (on sale and using a promo coupon), I have decided to keep them. They are great casual, rugged running around boot (winter sporting events, etc); which will spare my more expensive boots from harder wear and tear. I wore the Timberlands today; they were comfortable and actually really cute; not at all cheap looking! I have a feeling I will wear them more this season than my other boots, simply because they look nice and won't cost a fortune to replace.It's hard to find quality boots that don't cost a fortune. I will continue to look at Timberland boots for my kids (even for myself)! Thank you Amazon for offering the best prices!
B003EV5KB6 Great boots Just bought these for my 12 year old daughter in size 6 . Usually she wears 7 1/2 in women's sizes, so keep in mind this is a Youth size 6M, not women's. Still, they are a bit roomy, but not enough to exchange, and it is good for a boot to be able to accommodate a thicker sock. The good thing is the calf is adjustable with the buckles (fully operational, not fakes:), since she has thin calves, and it's a pain to find boots that fit her in that area. Very well made, real leather, warm, and they look great. For the price (below $50) they are a steal. Highly recommended.
B003EV5P0C Just what we were looking for My daughter is only 8 and has feet that fit women's sizes in length, but they are very narrow.  These boots are in a big enough youth size that they still fit her, and they lace up so we can make them snug on her feet.  Unlike most other boots, her heels don't slip and the calves are snug enough to fit comfortably.  The leather is good quality and, after searching in every store in town, I'm ecstatic to find these online.  Perfect.
B003TFEA5O VERY comfortable LOVE these boots... very comfortable to wear all day.  I read reviews and bought a size up, but I think I would have been fine sticking with my normal size (8.5).  I have small calves/ankles and they're a little slouchy (especially in the ankle area).  The comfort and quality more than makes up for it!
B003TFEA5O beautiful, but... the calf is so narrow!! I loved them right out of the box, beautiful color and well made, but I couldn't zip them up. Sad. You'd have to have a skinny leg (like no calf definition) to pull these off. Not for athletic calves.
B003TFEA5O Love them! I chose these boots because I live in Wyoming and wanted a pair of cute boots that I could wear in the snow. The tread is really nice on these and I received a lot of compliments on them! The two tones of the boot are a little more distinct in real life as compared to the picture on my computer. I think the boots are very comfortable, but they do have a harder insole. I was still able to make a couple 0.5-1 mi treks in them the first day I wore them. The leather around the bottom takes a little breaking in. Since the leather is not waterproof, I used a spray-on seal before I wore them. As far as sizing, I typically wear 9 (sometimes an 8.5). Based on other reviews, I went with a 9 and they fit just fine. There is some extra room that I filled up with thick socks, but I have narrow feet so that is probably most of the reason for the extra room. I didn't have any issue with the boots being too tight on my calves (that was a common complaint when I was reading). My calves are 14&#34;. Overall, I loveee these boots!!
B003TFEA5O Awesome boots!! I have never received as many compliments on boots as I have with these.  I thought the leather around the ankle was quite stiff when I tried them on but the style and color was so great, I kept them.  Very happy to report after wearing for about 1 hour, they feel likes boots I have worn for years.  Very comfortable, adequate cushion and support to wear for hours, solid walking surface in slush.  While they appear to be very well constructed and should last for many years with care, I do think the leather is a bit delicate so it will shows scuffs, scratches, etc., quickly but that will add to the vintage look.  I struggle to find boots that do not gape around my muscular but narrow calves and these are perfect over skinny jeans or thicker leggings.  If you have muscular calves, these will probably be too snug.  For reference, my calves are about 13.75 inches.  There is a bit of adjustment up on the top which will not take away for the great appearance.
B003TFEA5O Great looking boots! These boots are really nice looking but very uncomfortable, for my foot anyway.  The calf size was perfect.  Footbed too hard for my liking.  I am returning unfortunately.
B003TFEA5O Looks Great Once On... This boot fits right on the money for my size nine foot and is quite comfortable. Where it doesn't fit comfortably is around my size 13&#34; calf. It is tight and there is absolutely no give. Even my right calf that is a half inch smaller has to struggle. I do get them zipped, even over a pair of jeans, but it's a battle.  But I love Timberland boots, so I'll continue to battle then every time I wear them and hope they eventually stretch a bit.
B003TFEA5O Beautiful boot! I wear a size 9 1/2-10.  I bought the size 20. It's perfect. I can wear thin or thick socks. Very comfortable and not too tight on the calf. I have stafford Heights boots by Timberland and love them too. They wear well and only stretch a little.  Bought a pair of Frye boots and sent them back. Timberland looked better on my large foot and was more comfortable at a quarter of the price. I walk everywhere in these and are more comfortable than a cross trainer.
B003TFEA5O Love them! Super comfortable - I can wear them all day from the first time I put them on!For sizing - they fit me perfectly & for a comparison&#8230;  I am 5'0&#34;, 102 lbs., have a very narrow foot and slim calves.  There is no gaping at the top and no slipping forward of the foot causing toe jam - which happen with almost every other boot for me!
B003TFEA5O Love these boots! These are great boots. High-quality, super comfortable, and very cute. I like the way I feel wearing them. I purchased them  in brown and black (thinking I'd return one, but ended up liking them so much I kept both) a few months ago and I am increasingly more satisfied with them the longer I own them. I was hesitant to purchase based on other reviewer comments about the shaft size. I have 15 inch calves so I was worried these would be too tight. They fit perfectly, and I can wear them with tights, boot socks, leggings and thin jeans/ jeggings. With regular jeans they are too snug for my liking, although they still zip up. I recommend ordering up half a shoe size. I first ordered in my usual 6.5 and ended up exchanging for a 7.
B003TFEA5O Already my favorite boots! LOVE these!  I ordered the dark brown in 7.5 w and they fit perfectly. I usually wear 7 or 7.5m, but took the advice of other reviewers.  Also, I have 16in calves and was a little worried about not trying these on before buying, but they are fine. I will need to stretch them out to wear them with jeans tucked in. Other reviewers on other sites said the suede was "rough"...not true! Fabulous!
B003TFEA5O Beautiful boot, forgiving fit Beautiful style and materials.  Lots of compliments.  Lovely inner lining - and I like the way it mixes suede and regular leather.  Comfortable fit, even with bunions and athletic calves.
B003TFEA5O A nice boot, but the circumference is bigger than advertised. I don't know if we're now measuring calves in a way that flatters people (silently subtracting 1-2 inches), but this is def. not the circumference advertised. Closer to 15&#34;+ for sure. I am 13.5&#34; and I wore these with thick leggings and they practically slip right off.  When I adjust the top strappy thing to the smallest size, it fits better, but, two undesirable things happen: (1) the top is now pinched/cinched in, but the boot then triangles out along the sides, because the *whole* shaft is too wide and the inset is too short; (2) the strappy itself dangles out like funny wings. I am thinking of cutting them.The heel also slips, so if I don't wear super thick socks I end up with blisters on my heels.I will say that what I really like about this boot is the sole--very traction friendly.
B003TFEA5O Very comfortable I like these boots because of the comfort and the color. They are true to size I ordered a size 8. The shaft is narrow but can be adjusted to about 1/2 inch. Still, they can only be worn with legging type pants. The shaft sits just under the knee covering the calves.
B003TFEA5O Very happy Really like these boots, got compliments first time I wore them. I have narrow feet and small calves, but the foot fits great with wool socks and although the calf is wider than I need, it gives them a little slouch that works well with jeans.
B003TFEA5O Great, Comfortable Boots I ordered these in the brown. I ordered my usual size and these fit true to size. If you'd like to wear decently thick socks with these boots, I do suggest ordering a wide, or else they're way too snug. The calf fit perfectly on me, they have a nice side zipper which makes getting these boots on a breeze. The color is quite accurate to what you see on Timberland's site, the suede is lighter than on Amazon. The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the fact that these boots do wrinkle up a bit due to the suede lacking structure. It does kind of give it a natural boot look though. These are of great quality leather and suede. The suede texture on my boots are consistent with that of a suede western saddle seat. Mine were made in Vietnam for anyone looking for that, I did read another review stating theirs were made in China. The Timberland website just says "imported", most likely both places manufacture these. Call Timberland for more information I guess. Overall, I am very pleased, these are versatile and comfortable, however not knee high. For reference, I'm about 5'6 and they're about 2" below my knee, but I like the look. My calves are about 13-13.5" in diameter and I can wear these on the middle hole very comfortably. Don't forget to look for Amazon shoe specials to save some money on these boots or something else you have your eye one!
B003TFEA5O fantastic boots!! I LOVE these boots! They are super cute, I love all of the little details (buckle and stitching). The color was spot on. I ordered them in my normal size of 10 and they fit perfectly. The toe box is snug and at first I considered sending them back and getting the next size up but once I wore them for a little bit they got really comfortable. I'm wearing mine with a light Smart Wool sock and don't think I could wear a much thicker sock than that. They seem like a high quality boot. The zipper runs smoothly and they are easy to get on and off. I like the tread as I'm walking on snow packed streets a lot. I have very skinny calves and they fit perfectly, not much gaping but someone with a bit more calf would fit in these well too. They look great with skirts and with my skinny jeans. Thrilled with the price too, Amazon had them 60 dollars cheaper than Zappos. Now I want them in black!
B003TFEA5O So smart. These boots are rich. I love the color and style. Quality made. They are not too high and the top is adjustable according to the width of your calves. I have it on the narrowest and it is still a bit roomy.  The ankle is a bit snug though. I wish I had gone with the wider size, but I was afraid how it might look. I am still thrilled though. I know these boots will be my favorite for years to come.
B003TFEA5O comfortable, beautiful I was hesitant to order this boot after reading the reviews about issues with the width.  My size only came in regular and not wide.  Got the 10 regular width and it is fine.  Can get a pair of warm socks on with them!  I am 5'9&#34;, 130 lbs and the top of the boot comes about two inches below my knee.  No issues with room in the calf;  I can wear them easily over jeans and leggings.  The color (reddish/brown) is just as pictured.  Comfy foot bed, a little loose in the heel but no rubbing.  The price was great so I couldn't pass them up. Pretty, comfortable, and nice lug sole.
B003TFEA5O Excellent Boots but... Overall I'd give these boots about 4 or ever 4 1/2 stars.  The leather is rich, and they are definitely well made.  But they are described as "knee high boots"  and they do not come all the way up to my knees, unlike two other pairs of actual knee high boots that I have.  They actually stop a good 3 or 4 inches below the knee.  I really, really, like a TALL boot, and I am only average height 5.6', so for me these boots were a bit of a bummer.  I still like them and they are VERY comfy, and very good looking just a tad more casual/shorter than I was hoping for.  Also, I noticed that some reviewers said they are tight in the calf; that has not been my experience.  If anything they are a bit loose on me, I am a runner and fairly slim but even with the buckle adjusted to the smallest size at the top they are still a bit loose.  However, like I said they are really gorgeous, so if the height of the boot is not a problem for you then these are a great boot, which run true to size and look just like the picture.
B003TFEA5O Disappointed... I purchased these boots after reading all the reviews on Amazon and was very disappointed when I actually received them. The boots arrived all scratched, the leather is a very low quality and the calf size is very big. I had to tuck my jeans in make them look more or less ok. I haven't worn them once. I live in Australia, therefore it was not worth posting them back.
B003TFEA5O Great looking on the screen but a little slouchy These boots look beautiful in the picture and they are nice out of the box but upon wearing them, they kind of look a little slouchy.  The color is great though and they are true to size (I wear a 7.5 and rarely an 8 and the 7.5 was perfect).  Also, I should have paid more attention to the opening.  My calves are 15" and these boots are too narrow for me.
B003TFEA5O Wish it had fit my calves Beautiful boot, well made, not for large calves. I couldn't get the top leather band zipped around my 16.5&#34; muscular calves. Fit great everywhere else. I usually wear 9-9.5 in boots and have found 9 fits best in Timberlands. I bought the Timberland Apley Tall Boot to get the fit I needed in the calf.
B003TFEA5O Beautiful, high quality leather boots! These are an incredible pair of boots!  They fit perfectly right out of the box and I can hardly wait to wear them. I do have smaller calves so I appreciate the adjustable strap at the top of each boot. Timberland has become my favorite brand for high quality boots!
B003TFEA5O Abolutely Gorgeous Boot I so wanted to keep this boot.  I must have tried it on a dozen times but my calves are too large.  My calves are 15&#34;.  I can zip it up with thin sock but that is it.  It is tight with a thin sock.  If I had kept them and hoped they stretched I was afraid that the zipper would weaken and tear.  I hated to send these back.  Just loved them completely.
B003TFEA5O STRAIGHT TO THE POINT: Yes, worth buying. Skinny legs speaking here:(1) Very comfortable! (Very glad I have these for the upcoming winter waiting at the bus stop.)(2) My foot size is 5.5 and I have skinny ankles. Boots fit well, albeit a bit saggy at the ankle; do not worry, the sagginess is barely noticeable because the fittings all around the foot and calves are great.(3) Shipping: Asked for overnight and did not receive until two days later.Buy, buy on!
B003TFEA5O You will get tons of compliments Pros- Gorgeous boots.  I've worn them three times now and each time I've been stopped so the boots can be admired.  They are super comfortable to walk in, which is a must for me as I am on my feet all day.  Also, they are quiet.  Some shoes and boots make a racket on a hard floor.  These don't.Cons- The heal DOES seem a bit loose as other reviews have stated, but it's not too much of an issue.  If it was a shoe instead of a boot, it would be a problem.  Also, when I cross my legs, the side knob that controls the width digs into my other leg.  I'm only 5' 2", so this may not be an issue for you.Size- If I were to buy them again I'd size down half a size.  I bought the 8 C/D and wish I had the 7.5 C/D.  It's not a big enough issue to send them back, but you might want to try half a size smaller.  I also like that the calf can be adjusted to three sizes.  I have normal calves and keep it on the middle hole.  Finally, it's great to see boots in a C width for my wide toes.Overall, this was a good buy.  I hope they hold up for years to come because they sure are comfortable and pretty.
B003TFEA5O LOVE these boots! Happy happy happy!! These boots are soooo stylish - and I can't believe how comforatble they are - they feel like a pair of sneakers! I normally wear a 7.5, but based on other reviews I ordered an 8 - I probably could have gotten away with the 7.5 given that they've loosened up a bit after the first wear, but the 8 will be fine. I have a normal to wide foot, high arch, and these boots fit my foot great. I don't have super skinny calves - I'd say they are pretty regular, mabye leaning on the thin side, and the calf part of the boots fits nicely - not at all gaping like many other boots I tried on - but if you have a large calf it may be an issue. I also liked how there didn't seem to be a ton of extra leather/bunching at the ankle. The heel is a nice height -keeps it in the casual-but-can-still-dress-it-up-a-bit mode. I didn't have any issues with the finish or the color - I got these in the medium brown - it's maybe a little lighter than it appears online, but it's a nice color. To note the pair I received are made in China. And, the price on Amazon is much cheaper than I saw full price at Macys, and also cheaper than a well known discount shoe store in NH.
B003TFEA5O Happy happy happy! These boots are wonderful.  They were about a quarter inch to tight in the calves at first. I lacked about two inches being able to zip them up. I used the alcohol method and the freezer method both. (Found by googling how to stretch leather boots. ) Each method helped and now they fit perfectly.  Note: a boot repair shop or cobbler can also stretch boot feet or calves.  If your calves are just quarter inch or half inch over 15 inches I would think you could get these boots to fit if you have a little patience with them.  This is a great boot and I am very happy I sprung for them!
B003TFEA5O Awesome Boots! I ordered the medium brown and was a little worried because previous reviewers indicated that the suede part looks kind of greenish but mine did not look like that. I am usually a 7.5 in boots and shoes but I went ahead and ordered an 8 due to information provided by others. I also got the regular width because I have narrow feet. They fit great! They are very comfortable and well made. There are only 2 things that people may not like: these boots can easily get scuffed so you have to be careful when wearing them and the suede part slouches in at the bottom.
B003TFEA5O Beautiful boots but calf circumference too small. I got these today and was very excited that they would actually fit my 14.5 inch calves, as one of the reviewers stated that her 16 inch calves fit perfectly in a 7.5.  Not true for me.  I got them in size 8(M) and they do not zip up all the way.  I'm so sad that I have to return them because they are really beautiful!
B003TFEA5O Great boots - just not for me I've been drooling over these boots online since they were full-priced and waited until they came down to just over $100 to buy them.  They are beautiful in the photos and beautiful in reality as well.  However, they aren't exactly what I wanted.  Something about the change in material between the suede and the polished leather of the foot made my size 6 feet look huge and the area around the ankle buckle, which looked fitted in the picture, was actually baggy.  The topmost part was bulkier than I anticipated as well.  I'm a bit top-heavy and smaller in the calves, so these made me look even bulkier.  I bet for people who are smaller on top and bulkier in the legs these would actually be quite slimming.  They are well made and beautiful to look at.
B003TFEA5O Very comfortable I found these boots to be true to size (I wear a 7 and they fit perfectly) and the calf is attractively slender though I have very thin legs and could have had a thinner calf.  The smallest size on the top adjustment fits my legs but I feel like the material bulges out strangely if I tighten the straps fully.  I waterproofed them right away and I haven't had any scuffs or issues with the leather.  I love the suede shaft because it allows for ankle mobility and isn't as confining as other tall boots I've had.  The color is a gorgeous rich chestnut color.  Definitely worth it on sale!
B003TFEA5O Finally, a riding boot that fits! I wear a 10D, have high arches, and muscular calves, and had nearly given up hope of finding a riding boot that would fit. These fit the bill! They're comfortable and stylish and Amazon's price was far better than the other retailers I considered. These boots offer a helpful tab at the top, exterior side that enable you to adjust the fit on your calves.
B003TFEA5O Calf too narrow I wear 7.5, sometimes 8 with thick sock.  I have a 16&#34; calf and I could not zip them up, so I had to return them.  Otherwise, I liked them.
B003VN4MUC Not as good as the picture! I was dying to get these boots! I had visions of looking all chic and trendy this fall. When the product arrived, I realised that the feel of the non-leather material, which is the lighter colour on the boot, was not as I had imagined it. It's like a pant has been torn and the material is used for the boot. The colour looks exactly like the picture, but the fabric crinkles a lot around the calves and doesn't look chic. It's not a cheap boot, you know! Also, I feel the shoe is a little snug, better with leggings than jeans. I don't have fat legs. They measure 13". This boot is apparently 15.5" wide, so I thought it would fit just right. But not true. So unless you're skinny girl, do not expect to wear it with every pair of jeans you own :)The leather looks really good and it looks like great quality over all. It just didn't look as chic as I expected it to.
B003XTEGPU I Love Timberland I'm a plus size gal, and these being lace up boots gave me a good fit around the calves. They were a little too high for me, but the fit was right on. I usually wear a 9.5 to 10. I got these in 9.5 and wore them with trouser socks.
B003XTEGPU Sexy Timberland Boots! These boots are super sexy and very cute! I am a plus sized woman and have a hard time finding nice boots that fit over my calves. They have a side zipper as well as laces so you can adjust the fit perfectly. These fit me so well, I love them!
B004BHM3QC Love these boots! I love these boots!  They are so very comfortable and warm.  They look great with jeans tucked in or out.  I'm a runner with bigger calves and the lacing of the boot in the front helped so that the calf width can be wider or narrower as needed. They also fit true to size.  I ended up buying a pair for my mother and sister too.
B004K66PAE Timberland Womens rudston pull on boot I just received these today, the leather is beautiful and they are very stylish and comfortable so far. I would say one draw back is that there isn't a lot of room in the calf area for pants to slide under and I have very tiny calves. I also have very tiny ankles so there is an unusual about of space around he ankles however it evens out the look of the leg with pants so I like that. Overall a well made and stylish boot.
B004K66PAE Great boot and it is very comfortable I normally wear a size 8.5.  My feet are narrow and my calves are about average(not too thin or too muscular).  The 8.5M fit perfect for me.  The boots are cushioned and the rubber soles also add to the comfort.  These boots seem like they would do well in wet weather as the bottoms have a nice tread.The ankle area has a lot of room butI think it would be nicer if it was a bit more narrow.These are great mid-calf boots that lean towards the casual side and are very comfortable.I bought them while they were on sale at Amazon for $110.  Great price and the delivery was fast since I have prime.
B004K66PAE Perfect Go Anywhere Boots! I bought these boots in 8.5, my usual size. They were comfortable right out of the box and look great! They are not as dressy as smooth leather, but they wear very well. The leather is a more pebbled look. The heel is not too high, but high enough. There is plenty of room for leggings or jeans. They dont hurt my feet and I can wear them all day, walking and chasing kids, without any trouble.
B004K66PAE Petite and still looking I have been searching high and low for a pair of brown leather boots. I am 5 ft tall and 105 lbs so the problem lies in having to have a 12-14 inch shaft and 12-14 inch boot circumference.  Based on the reviews I thought I had found my boot.  I wear a 5 1/2 in most shoes but they sometimes pinch.  I ordered two boots: 5 1/2 c/d and 6 c/d.  The 5 1/2 fit my feet perfectly, with room to spare. I recommend ordering your normal size but in the c/d(wide). However, the boot swallowed my calves and ankles.  The leather on the Copper boot is smooth and rustic looking.  The leather on the Artisan Gold has a texture to it - pretty burnt orange with cream stitching.  I would have been happy with either color.  The boot would make a great everyday boot that could be dressed up or down.  Unfortunately, I'll keep searching.
B004K66PAE Beautiful boot, don't hesitate! I bought these in my usual size in the autumn harvest color.  They felt a tiny bit snug for a second but then I remembered that they're brand new leather boots and thus will stretch out with a couple wears.  I was worried that the midcalf height of the boot shaft would make my short legs look even shorter, but somehow they hit me in a way that makes my legs look longer.  My calves are 13.75" in circumference and I have room to tuck skinny jeans in.  If you have wide calves or wide feet, these probably won't work for you.  I'm in love with these boots and can't wait to wear the heck out of them.  These boots are very similar to FRYE's Jane Stitch boot, except they cost three times less and are more comfortable to wear.UPDATE:  I've had these boots for two years now and they're still in incredible shape.  I have worn them regularly in snow, rain, and salt and even though I polish and clean maaaaybe twice a year, they have not cracked, split, or discolored.  Only thing that needs to be fixed is the leather covering the heel, which is starting to rip (my fault, as I'm not very careful).  I have walked miles at a time in these boots, have sprinted down the street in them to catch a train, have spilled lots of beer on them, etc. etc. etc. and they show no signs of slowing down.  These are without doubt the best pair of shoes I have ever owned.
B004K66PAE Hot boots These are great. Would be good for people with thick ankles as they have an 80's, kinda slouchy look on me. I have average ankles and calves. Sturdy, well-made, beautiful leather. Bought them in black in a 9, I am an 8.5. I think I would have been ok at an 8.5, but I find these very comfortable. Heel is solid and easy to walk in. The black color is a slightly weathered black, like a velvet black, almost deep grey. Not a shiny, deep black, just so you know.
B004K66PAE Beautiful but a little weird The boot itself is really, really well-made - I can tell.  The heel is solid, the inside is gorgeous with floral fabric - a beautiful touch I wasn't expecting.  The color on the outside is great too. Everything about this boot was perfect until I put it on.  The shaft height was very strange - a bit lower than mid-calf, and for some reason there was a lot of extra space on the top of my foot, though the toes fit snug.  I ended up returning because though the boot itself was quite nice, it just looked very strange on me. Info: I am 5'1&#34; with average build.  Perhaps it might work on someone taller?
B004K66PAE Finally found the boot I was looking for! I have ordered and returned at least 4 pairs of boots (Frye boots) in the past few months because they either didn't fit properly or they didn't look right on me. My search is over with these boots. They were $66 through the Warehouse Deals, so I figured I would give them a shot. I'm happy I did. The fit is great. They fit great on the calf, allowing me to wear with jeans. Also, the shaft height is great for my 5'3" frame; they don't come up to my knee but more like a little over mid-calf. I ordered my usual 8, and I must say that the top of my toe area feels a little snug. I probably should have ordered an 8 Wide; however, I think they will stretch out a bit over time and with thinner socks they feel okay.
B004K66PAE Perfect! For $66 the Artisan Gold boots are perfect!  They are comfy and cute!  The only con would be that the leather color on the two boots is not exactly the same.  My left boot in the toe area is a bit darker than the right boot in the same area.  That may bother some people, but I plan to put these through a lot of use and they are going to get scuffed and everything else so no bother to me.  I ordered a 1/2 size up based on reviews, but I'm not sure that was necessary.  I think my exact size would have worked out just fine, but 1/2 does give me an option to wear thicker socks.  So happy I got these boots at such an amazing price.
B004K66PAE nice but leather loosens drastically Really loved these boots, tried them in my regular size, and 8.5, and my foot was pinched painfully. When I tried them in a size up, 9.5, they fit great! However, after 2-3 wears the leather loosened up in the ankle area considerably, so now they don't fit as well. Maybe I should have just ordered a 9, but can't send them back now! Oh well, I'll have to figure out a way to make them fit better, insoles or something.
B004K66PAE Just what I was looking for.... I was wanting something kind of cowgirl boot, kind of anytime boot with a heel and still look casual. These are great. Super comfortable to walk in. Nice color. Wish the shaft was just a little taller on the leg though. I have high heel boots for dressing up and now these are prefect for the "not quite dressed up" times that I still want a little heel.
B004K66PAE wacky sizing....still love the Timberland Rudston boot. I bought two pairs - black and brown.  I traveled to two other retail stores trying to get my 8.5B size in the black after buying brown 8.5B that fit fine.  Was on a mission because they were very affordable - $79.99.  Had the black ones on hold - got there and tried them on......no fit.  Couldn't even get my high instep into the boot.  Tried the 9B - fit fine.  Just wacky!!!  But I love them - very comfortable to walk in; the heel is high but not uncomfortable in any way.  The leather is more a casual feel but the profile of the boot makes it more dressy.  Will wear them with skirts in the winter, and jeans.
B004K66PAE Leather stretches. As of January 2012 I bought these on Timberland site for $79.00 on sale, what a steal! The price was $99.00 with addition 20% off, plus tax and shipping came to a just under a hundred. I am glad I waited and didn't buy them before holidays for a full price.I chose the Artisan Gold which is orangey/copper rich color, beautiful. For some reason on Amazon web is listed as white/black color.I wanted to try them on first in the store and they run big. I wear 8.5 and this size in M width felt like 9. The boot that people were trying on more often felt even bigger like solid 9.5 and there is no way I would purchase my size. I went with 8 and they felt snug in the toes are but the length was perfect. After wearing the boots with thicker socks they stretched and fit like a glove.If someone has a wide feet I'd definitely would go with the wider option. If someone lives in a cold area and will wear very thick or 2 socks I would buy actual size. Most reviews says that the boots run smaller and I am very surprised by my fitting. Usually I am trying to wear 8, but 99% have to go with 8.5 for sure.I hate high hills ( I can not walk in them) but these boots rocks. They comfortable, have a stable hill, waterproof and look cute. Very easy to put on and off.My only complait is that the ankle area is way to wide but once boot will slouch it will be ok. For me the boot is wide in a calf area and I am 5'6'' and around 130 lb, there is enough room not only for skinny jeans but regular also.
B004K66PAE excellent heeled boot I bought the Artisan Gold boots on super sale and am not disappointed. While I don't usually wear heels, I've been wearing these boots all day without any discomfort. That includes walking to the subway! The finish crackled into orange as soon as I creased any part of the boot. While initially that worried me, from eye level it looks just fine for that "broken in" look. These fit just right over skinny jeans and look super hot with tights and skirts. And I love not having to worry about puddles or slush! Highly recommend these for those who want a bit of height without throwing out their backs. I'm a 9/9.5 and went for the 9.5 for a perfect fit.
B004K66PAE Love them! Very comfortable and stylish.  The heel is just the right amount of height.  Looks great with leggings, skinny jeans, and casual dresses/skirts.  I would highly recommend.
B004K66PAE LOVE this boot Because of the many positive reviews, I thought I'd try these boots. The Artisan Gold color is what really caught my eye, but I've never tried a Timberland boot. They are incredibly comfortable. I wore them standing for hours cooking Thanksgiving dinner, and my feet never hurt. The heel is just the right height, and my dark skinny jeans fit into them perfectly. Had so many compliments on them! Love these boots, and I'm considering ordering more. A nice alternative to tall, stiletto-heeled boots. And they fit true to size.
B004K66PAE Comfortable, Versatile and Fashionable I have been debating about these boots since October, and I finally purchased them in the beginning of December.  Unfortunately I missed the most recent 50% off sale!  But I was able to get a deal around Thanksgiving (30% off) that allowed me to pay only $144.00 for them and I do not regret any penny that I spent.  I normally wear a size 7M but I tried these on at a Timberland store and found that 7M was too tight at the foot and 7.5M was too roomy.  So I ordered a 7W and they are perfect.  They will still take some time to break in completely but the first time I wore them I was in them for 12 hours and I was not in any pain (some pain in the foot with a bunion but that's expected and my fault) at the end of the night.  The calf area is fine too and the ankle area is wide enough for me to wear straight leg jeans (wider than skinny jeans/jeggings) and be comfortable with the extra fabric inside the boots.  The calf area is not tight (mine measure 12" around and the boots' opening claims to be 14"), although if one has calves more than 13.5" around and is wearing jeans it might be a little tight. In any case, they are beautiful and well-made and I am looking forward to see how they do in wet weather.  I got mine in Copper because of its scruffy, rugged raw look and love to look at them..I will get the dark brown if the prices lower again. What's great about Amazon is that you never have to buy anything at full price.  I was once stopped on the street by a woman who has also been thinking about getting them so I told her to go ahead and get them at Amazon. Stores don't carry the wide sizes and the Copper color was not on display. Go for these with confidence and try them on in a store first if you can!
B004K66PAE perfect .......at first Initially, I was thrilled to find nice looking, simple boots by Timberland - a brand I trust. I have three other pairs of shoes by timberland that I love. These boots had been parked in my "buy later" cart for a month so I snapped them up when the price dropped.I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 and my other timberland's are 9s so based on the suggestions from some of the other reviewers I went up in size and ordered a 9.OK , great looking boot for running around town or whatever. I planned to wear them year round and especially on the motorcycle this summer. I wore them around the house for an hour and they felt great, if anything, a little tight in the toes. So the next day I wore them out and they felt pretty loose in the heels. by the time I got home a couple hours later they were so loose I could kick them off without pulling and my heel was sore from the loose boot rubbing on my heel while I walked.I'm not sure if I can return them or will need to give them away but I'm pretty sure they're too loose for me to wear.Update:I really wanted these boots to work so I just throw on some thick socks and wear them when we're on the bike. Still wish I'd ordered an 8.5 and they would be perfect!
B004K66PAE high quality and stylish No complaints on these boots. I get compliments when I wear them and I like that the leather is protected (I live in the Snow Belt.) As others have said, these are not narrow around the ankle but I like the look. Great quality leather and the heel is easy to walk in.
B004K66PAE Beautiful! These boots are just gorgeous! The Artisan Gold color is unique and goes with almost everything. The boots come mid-calf, which was great for me because I am a runner and most boots cannot fit over the 'big part' of my calf. The leather is also high-quality. The only downside is that they are a little uncomfortable when you are in them all day. If you have a job where you stand all day, these are not the shoes to wear for casual Friday. Perfect for going out for a couple hours, though!
B004K66PAE love the artisan gold! i agonized over buying these boots.  i have had a pair of the timberland lexiss boots for a couple years now and LOVE them still!  i'll probably take them to a cobbler to be resoled long before the boots wear out.  Since those boots are a size 6 and fit wonderfully, i ordered a 6 in these as well, in spite of reviews that said they ran small.  They are a smaller 6 than my other timberlands (more narrow around the toes), but the length is fine. my lexiss boots were sooo hard to get on and off at first, but the leather stretched beautifully and they fit like a glove, so i'm sure that will happen with these.  if my toe was touching the end of the shoe, i wouldn't be so sure, and if your usual size is fitted or borderline, order a 1/2 size up.  but i think timberlands run longer anyway thru the toe box.  i'm almost always a 6.5 in other shoes. the color is gorgeous!!!  it's not as red as it looks in the pictures, but more of a rusty, rich, deep tan...simply gorgeous!!  i was mostly nervous about the color since i have a rather understated wardrobe, but i love the artisan gold and am so glad i took the chance.  they were comfortable right out of the box, but i know time will make them even more comfortable.  the heel height is perfect and easy to walk in...these are my "power" shoes...every woman needs a pair of authoritative shoes :)  i'm 5'2" and these are about mid-calf and very comfortable with skinny jeans, with a little room to spare.
B004K66PAE Great study waterproof yet stylish boot These boots are very durable. You wouldn't know they were waterproof without the symbol as with most leather waterproof boots tend to be of harder leather. The insole in the boot makes it very comfortable.  The heel height is just right for people that don't want a high heel but would like some height.  These can be worn with skinny jeans and a nice boho dress.  Very versatile.  You won't be disappointed. For a pull on boot for me, there is just enough room to get them on and off without a problem.  I could see if you have larger calf muscles you might have a problem as well as if you have smaller calf muscles.  I got the Artisan Gold which resembles a rust/orange color.  Looks just like the picture.
B004K6C6ZW great fit Very nice. My calves are strong and muscular so it is hard to find a boot this high that is still comfortable. Very comfortable.
B004K6C6ZW Love These Boots! They're true to size but quite tight when you first put them on; you'll have to force your foot all the way in and flex your feet and walk around for a few minutes-- then they  become super comfortable.They fit perfectly with just thin wool socks-- If you want thick socks, I recommend ordering a half size up. I normally cannot wear 3 inch heels, but these are very sturdy and my feet don't hurt at all. I can walk fast in perfect comfort without slipping in sleet or snow. They are big on top (I have 15.5 inch medium sized calves) but I punched another hole in the strap and tightened the buckle and now they slouch just  a bit when wearing them over straight cut jeans or thick tights. They'll probably be too slouchy with pantyhose..unless you have big calves.These boots are very comfortable AND look sexy!!!
B004K6C6ZW Possibly the best boots ever! So much to love about these boots!- the shipping was super fast- they are 'weatherproof', so the bottom part (vamp) is a thick leather that's been treated, and they're also lined with a silky, paisley printed fabric- they have rubber soles with tread- the shaft is a super soft suedeNow, on to some things that everyone may not love... The shaft is, as stated above, a soft suede, which makes it prone to slouching. If you don't like that look, beware! However, there are the straps and buckles at the top of the shaft that can be adjusted if you want to keep them up. For me, that didn't quite work, because I broke my right ankle a few years ago and my right calf us about .5" smaller than my left, so even with the strap as tight as it'd go, that boot still slouched more. Wah-wahhh. I don't mind, though! The slouch is cute, IMO.One more thing to note: people often didn't even notice that the vamp was leather at first. It kinda blends with the suede, and isn't noticeable, which I like! Overall, these are great, comfortable, CUTE and FUNCTIONAL boots - and you don't often find those two qualities together. Highly recommend!
B004K6C6ZW Very Stylish Boots!! These boots are really fun and stylish! I see what some other reviewers were talikng about though in regards to the boots staying up on the legs at the top where the buckle is. I guess depending on your calf size, you might have a little trouble keeping them up, but it actually is a cute look with them slouchy around the leg. Also, the color contrasr of the browns are cool looking. Fits true to size.
B004K6C6ZW Not exactly as described but still a great buy These boots are made very well with high quality leather and suede. The heel is just high enough to make the boots fashionable and still remain comfortable. The subtle buckle detail is just the right amount to dress them up. The only downsideI have found is that the shaft of the boot is unlined and very flimsy, the bootsclaim to be knee high but I have found they tend to slouch. And because of my height (5'11") the boots only reach mid-calf. I also wear a woman's size11 and for some reason the shaft width grows exponentially with every increase in size. The assumption that larger feet come from very large calf's  is an irritating myth that nearly every boot manufacturer believes. I had expected an slim fit but the shaft is several inches to large in circumference. The buckle is functual and when tightened and with socks and perhaps pulled on over skinny jeans may help the overall fit improve. The boots are comfortable, well-constructed with high quality materials and priced very reasonably. I like the boots very much and would recommend them for anyone that wants genuine leather and suede at a great price and doesn't mind a bit of slouch.
B004K6C6ZW well spent Well I'm really not one for buying boots online but since I saw them in the store already but they didn't have my sizeI decided to go online to see if they had them. Amazon to the rescue! they had them in this beautiful brown( originally the color in store was green)they are gorgeous, suede from the ankle up leather around the foot.Last time I wore a pair of timberland was in High school the classic constructions.( I was a bit of a tomboy) but these are sexy, sleek, just a wonderful fit true to size. This boot is definitely a fall/spring boot not for those snowy daysor rainy its suede from the ankle up. you can wear these over skinny jeans, with a nice skit or dress its that dressy. enjoy  ladies.
B004KQ0VXG Stop looking, these are the perfect boots These are the boots that I have spent years looking for.  Comfortable. waterproof and stylish with great soles.  Despite the heel when I wear these it literally feels like I have tennis shoes on! From the first day I put them on I wore them all day with no issues.  They are so great that I bought in Black and in Brown and bought a pair for my sister too.  I should also mention that my calves are not the most slender and the stretch panel in the back was enough to accommodate.  Usually wear 8 and bought in 9 to accumulate thicker socks for winter.
B004KQ0VXG Wish I could get them in black, too I concur with other reviewers. These boots are extremely comfortable for 3" heels. They are beautifully made and look expensive. The leather is soft, without the boot getting floppy and wrinkled around the calves and ankles. They are definitely a casual boot, but that was what I wanted for everyday wear, and the rubber details on the sole and heel also give the boot some subtly funky style. The only (small) flaw I've had so far is that I got a small scuff on the toe of the boot the first day I wore them, and some of the colour came off. (I'm going to try to find some polish to match.)I usually take an 8 1/2, but I have another pair of Timberlands (the Grandby, which I also love) and I needed a 9 in those, so I decided to go with that for these, thinking I could add an insole if they were too big. The size turned out to be just right without any insole. I also usually have problems with the calves of boots being too big (I'm 5'5", and my calves are 13.5"). These have some room to spare, but not too much, so when I wear tights, the boot sits nice and close to my leg. However, it's also possible to tuck in jeans.All in all I'm thrilled with these and will definitely keep checking out what Timberland has to offer.
B004KQ0VXG Classic, Comfortable Boots I received the black boots today and am thoroughly impressed. Craftsmanship is top quality and well executed, the liner inside the shoes is incredibly soft, and the cut of these are classic (the slightly pointy/slightly rounded toe shape is particularly nice.) I noticed that a number of people had issues with the calf size, however these fit well to the contour of my leg and leave plenty of room to wear over jeans or thick socks. I tend to shy away from heels because I find them too uncomfortable to wear all day, however these are an exception. Great quality, classic boots.
B004KQ0VXG Gorgeous leather boot I am thrilled with these boots. I had a pair of black boots that were my go-to and after a few years they are looking kind of beat up. I have been on a hunt for the holy grail of black boots and while these have not yet been test driven significantly, I am feeling pretty good about the idea that I have found them. First of all, the leather is beautiful. Soft and textured, but thick and durable looking at the same time. The leg of the boot is lined with a soft, velvety material. The heel is 3", but there is a 3/4 inch platform that takes some of the pressure off of the ball of my foot. They say that the footbed is specially constructed to reduce foot fatigue. I cannot yet speak to this, but I notice that the heel has a curve at the back, with extra rubber padding extending about 3/4" up the back of the heel. I don't know if this reduces wear or increases shock absorbancy. I do know that my old fave boots wore out on the heel and one of the big problems was that I was scraping the pavement in the back, which was not a good sound or feeling.I am 5'4" and I did not have any problems with the length of the shaft. As a matter of fact, I would not mind if it came up about an inch or so higher. I measure at a 7.5 medium but generally like to go up a half size so I can add a cushioned insole, especially on heels. The 8 was not available in black so I rolled the dice and got the 7.5. These are very snug on me - through the foot, ankle and even up the calf. If these were made of a man-made material, I would have to send them back. However, the feel of the leather is so supple, I am confident that these will adjust to my feet over the next few wearings. Since I am not very tall, I don't like to tuck boots into pants because it is not flattering. Good thing, because these are very fitted to my calves - one would have to have very slender legs to wear these tucked. Leggings will work for me, though.The toe of this boot is just pointy enough to look fashionable without cruelty to the toes, the shaft is fitted enough to work under pants of any leg width. I spent more on these boots than I like to spend, but I am ever so happy with them.**UPDATE** After several weeks of wearing these boots, they have broken in like a dream. I have never been so happy with a pair of boots, ever. The other day I wore them all day long at work, then came home and cleaned my house. Wearing 3" heels. I kept meaning to change to sneakers or something, but they weren't bothering me enough to stop and change. For me that is unreal. I can hardly go to a party wearing heels! So, I bought a backup pair in the exact size and color for who knows when, since these boots are very high quality and not likely to wear out any time soon. Plus I bought a pair of the ankle height Stratham booties in brown. Now that I practically need to be featured on an episode of "Hoarders" I decided it was safe to post my love of these boots for all the world to see! If you are thinking about getting some, do it, because I have all I need!!!!!
B004KQ0VXG Great boots but.... These boots appear to be very well made, and are quite comfortable. Unfortunately, they're very wide around the top. I'm thin but not extremely thin (5'6" 120lbs) and these boots are quite loose through the shaft and have about a 1 inch gap around the top. Very sad, because I wanted to be able to wear them with skirts in the winter. I haven't decided yet if I'll keep them just to wear with pants or not.
B004KQ4IWG Not quite what I expected. I had expected a comfortable boot.  I usually buy Timberland's and always have found them comfortable.  The heel on the boot is comfortable and its cushiony inside as well.  The ankle area is too wide which makes it look a little awkward in skinny jeans or tights.  The zipper for some reason is uncomfortable, I could feel it rubbing against the inside of my ankle.  Felt as if the stitching was rubbing.  I tried different socks and it still made no difference.  I am most likely going to return these.
B004L36UN8 Very nice mid height Chukka boot I love Amazon and it is my preferred method of shopping. Because of a 40% off sale I ordered my chukkas direct from Timberland.  I'm a Prime user and am used to 2 day delivery.  These took a bit longer.  I usually wear an 11.5 wide and have two other Timberland hiker bootsTimberland Mens Chocorua Trail Gore-Tex Mid Hiking Bootin that size that are some of my favorites.  These did not come in a wide size so I ordered the medium.  It is plenty wide.  Be aware that the leather is very nice quality but is easily marked.  Just flexing the toe will produce light colored crease marks.  Not an issue for me though as these are meant for kickin' around.  I was not initially impressed with the fit as it seemed a bit sloppy on the foot and the bed liner was somewhat thin.  As usual I replaced the bed liner with Sof Sole Men's Airr Lightweight Insole Shoe.  This made a world of difference.  My new chukkas went from "just so so" to "could be my new faves".  The laces, as usual for Timberland, were lightweight after-thoughts that were about 10" too long.  I immediately replaced them with shorter and a bit heavier ones.  I also treated the leather with Leather HoneyLeather Honey Leather Conditioner, the Best Leather Conditioner 8oz Bottle.  LH is the best leather treatment around.  It will darken the leather a full shade or more but in my opinion this enhanced the look dramatically.  The treatment also helped to make the leather more water resistant (not waterproof).  The creases are now minimized as the leather is deep down moisturized.  You should also know that the boot does not fit tight around the ankle which is not a problem unless you like it that way.  After my modifications these boots took just a few hours on the feet to feel like I have been wearing them for years.  I think that they will be great, comfortable boots for years to come.  They'll have to earn a 5, so for now I rate them a 4.
B004L8P6HO Gorgeous Boots!  Happy, Happy! Just received my boots and I couldn't be happier! I was a little hesitant since most of the reviews seem to be that the width of the calf of the boot runs large, which is really a good thing in my case since my calves are a little on the chunky side (my calf measures roughly 15.5" in circumference) and most boots are too tight in the calves to be able to wear skinny jeans tucked in. So, I threw on a pair of skinny jeans and slipped my foot into the boot and had no problem zipping them up. They fit like a glove over my skinny jeans with still a little bit of wiggle room for comfort. The boot most definitely comes up just a little past my knee and looks HOT, HOT, HOT! As far as sizing in the foot area, I ordered the wide width since I have a slightly wider foot than a regular width, but really not a C/D width, but like to wear a little chunkier sock with my boots. Glad I ordered the wide width as it fits just right with a chunky sock and my toes still have some wiggle room. What I am most pleased with is that the toe box area does not look overly wide like some wide width shoes do...they actually look just like a regular width! I am certain that I will be able to walk a mile in these boots and my feet will be comfortable. To sum it up, the boot is gorgeous, the leather divine and the look is spot on trend right now. BTW, I got the brown boots and the color is to die for...am ordering the black ones now too! At this price, how can I resist! Hope this helps those of you that are confused about the width of the calf.
B004L8P6HO Gorgeous Boots BUT too BIG for small calves *crying* I was so excited when I opened the box today and even more excited to try them on and then I got a little  disappointed :(They feel great to walk in, they are light weight, the brown color is gorgeous and yes, the upper leather goes beautifully over the knees, they look great from the front, but don't get me wrong when I say that they do look a little akward from the side. Let me explain why: these boots are not made for people with small calves ( I am not sure about my calf size but I am 5'10" and weigh 130 lbs, Dress size 4). I was wearing them with skinny jeans and there was too much room between my calves and the boots. The pictures of the boots are a little misleading as they do look smaller in the calf area. Well, I was really excited about these boots but now I am a little disappointed. I am already thinking about  returning them, that alone makes me wonder if is the right shoe for me. BUT they are so gorgeous and exceptionally well made. Sigh, I still wouldn't wear them with leggings though :D I might only keep them for one reason, cause I got a great deal on them ($100) here on Amazon on Cyber Monday :D
B004L8P6HO Great boots! I had trepidation about ordering these as I have muscular calves (aka wide calves, about 16.5 inches) but they are great! No problems zipping them up and I have jeans tucked in them. They stay up, not too saggy at the ankle either. Just really good looking, comfortable, well constructed boots. I'm happy I ordered them. The foot size is spot on as well. I'm a 9.5 and they fit perfectly. If you wear really heavy, winter socks, I would order a half-size up.
B004L8TAKS i love them Very comfy, good fit fr a medium width foot and thick calf. They are a little stiff but are VERY water proof. All in all, very satisfied.
B004LL1ELS Soft and comfortable These boots are soft and comfortable. I was concerned about the fit since I have wider calves but they fit perfectly. I can hardly wait for winter!
B004LLSV5U So cute!  Fit pretty well!  May provide warm feet this winter! UPDATE>>>>> I wore these boots today in pretty cold conditions.  We were in the teens and twentys today. I was outside for several hours and my feet got COLD! Grant it I was standing on ice and snow those hours, but my feet were cold and took a long time to get warmed up after going inside.  I thought these would be the great perfect boot when I have to be outdoors for hours at a time each weekend but I don't know now.Previous reviewI am so happy with these boots.  They are tall, actually very tall, they really do come almost up to my knee.  I was not actually expecting them to be that close to knee high!  I love that, they keep my lets warm not just my feet!In one Review I read they were asking for longer laces, I agree, by the time you get them tight and laced they have just enough lace to tie a bow.  I wish they had more length so that you can double know them better.The bottom of the boot feels to narrow.  That is the removable insole!  If you take that out you will find that the footbed is actually perfect for a regular with foot!  What is happening is that they insole is cut just a tad narrow and then the stitching around the insole makes it feel to narrow and also rather bothersome on the bottom of your foot.  You can easily fix that with wearing a nice pair of comfy fluffy socks.  And maybe with time the insole will flatten out and feel better.I agree a zipper would be nice, but the review where they said the laces don't do much except style is not quite right.  I love the laces.  I can lace the boot tight around my ankle so that they fit snug and done move around and rub! I hate boots that rub so I love that I can lace tight where I need it and looser where I need them to be as well.  I like the snug fit you can make with the laces, just wish they were longer.The boot fit me about true to size.  I am a 9.5 and they fit almost perfect.  I can go with no socks if wanted, but because of the insole no way!  And I can also wear a regular weight sock with them.  I have not tried a thick sock as they are toasty warm without thick socks, but I would think the boot would get a little tight then.My only disappointment with these boots is I wish the traction were better, you really slip and slide on the ice and here I stand and walk in a lot of ice all day long.  The tread could also be a little thicker with more padding int he boot to keep the foot bottom warmer, if my feet get cold it will be from the bottom not from the upper of the boot.I am very pleased with these boots and people keep stopping me asking where did you get those boots!  In a small community they are drawing a lot of attention and questions!  You know they are cool when people in a mountain town want to know where you got them!
B004LLSV5U overall love them but... I have to admit I bought these boots spontaneously because of the Black Friday deal. I love the color, style, warmth, the way that they look. But what I am struggling with is that they seem to slouch down some around the ankle and start to rub more than I really like. I did try tightening them around the ankle more but then it was just too tight.I don't know if it is just me in that I am only 5'2" and I have slightly chubby calves... the foot size is great 9 wide, I have a bone spur and for once my shoes don't rub against it, hurray! So hmm, I would always be curious to know if others have the same issues as me with the boots slipping and rubbing. Or maybe it will just work itself out as I break them in.
B004LLSV5U Light but hard to pull off with no side zipper - order 1 size up I bought these boots because I wanted a really tall boot... for some reason a lot of "tall" boots only go mid calf while these go right under the knee.  They are light but hard to pull off - a side zipper would be nice in next years version.  I typically wear a 7 but went up to 7.5 to take into consideration thick winter socks - almost wish I went to an 8 because I tried these on without anything and my foot fit perfect - may be a little scrunched with a thick winter sock.
B004LLSV5U They are tight fit but make my calves look hugh The boots in person don't have the same look as in the picture.  They are big shaft shoes!!  They are made by two layers of thick fabric.  So if you want a pair of casual, very casual, boots what is very very warm, they may be what you want.  It's because the way it's constructed, the shafts are narrow and very very hard to put on.  I tried to adjust with the shoe laces. It ended up not able to maintain the look.
B004LQMYQC Super cute AND waterproof! If you are one of those girls (I am not) who have larger calves and can't wear taller boots these are for you! They are bigger in the calf area and that is the only thing I don't like about them (or I'd give it 5 stars). The bottom of the shoe has a tighter fit through the the ankle area then gets wider so it's a bit weird feeling that it's not fit all the way up (hence if you have bigger calves you'd have no problems). The bottom of the shoe seems very supportive since I have to wear orthotics(ugh) but they seem like they would be comfy to wear all day. I haven't had a chance to wear them yet but can't wait for Fall/Winter now!!! I could never wear my other cute tall boots because it always rains where I'm at. Now I feel confident I'll be able to wear these rain, shine or snow!
B004NRUZQ0 Love These Boots! I love these boots and I've received so many complements since I started wearing them about a month ago. I bought them because I was looking for a casual boot that I could wear when I walk my son to school as well as dress up with a cute casual dress. Comfort was key. These fit the bill on both accounts! I agree that they look a little funny folded over because the part that folds does not lay flat. I wear them with the flap up and they look great! It's hard to tell from the picture, but they are a little slouchy and aren't as stiff as they appear to be in the photo. I sometimes wear a 10 and sometimes an 11 and I got these in an 11. I have narrow feet and have no issues with comfort. In fact, they are the most comfortable boots that I own. I really like the rubber sole.
B004NRUZQ0 Don't look at the negative reviews I ordered these boots thinking that I would probably have to send them back after looking at the other reviews.  I'm glad I decided to order them.  What a great boot!  I have bigger than normal calves since I lift a lot of weights.  I have an average size foot width not a wide foot but not a real narrow foot.  I was beyond happy when I tried these on.  These fit a lot like cowboy boots.  I'm going to order another pair since the price can't be beat and they will last a lifetime.  Really... what are you waiting for?  Order a pair they are beautiful.
B004NRUZQ0 Beautiful, warm boots! I've gone back and forth over whether to buy these boots since I saw them in the Athleta catalogue some four months ago.  I read the many disappointed reviews these boots have received and decided to follow the petulant 'but I want them' voice in my head instead.  I love them and they are exactly what I hoped they would be.  I was concerned for their width both in the foot and in the calf.  I have a size 10 wider than average foot and I bought the size 10 wide.  While I have no aspirations to wear super chunky socks with these boots, they fit just fine.  The arch support probably isn't enough for someone who'll wear these out in the rugged wilderness, but for my shallow needs of driving to an office, looking cool in said office, and driving home, they're just perfect.
B004NRUZQ0 Nice Boots I purchsed thses boots at considerable discount in a size 11, which is my typical size.  I am 6' tall, size 12 in clothing with long legs.  My feet are not wide, but on the wider side of a medium width.  The boots are a good height and look good with the top flap up or rolled down.  The leather is excellent quality and there is more than enough room to tuck in jeans without the boot being too tight around the calves or looking funny.  The sole is nicely non-slip and the heel height very comfortable.  The only minor criticism I have is that they are a bit difficult to get my feet into and a little more narrow than I expected. I have worn them twice with some discomfort to my pinky toes, but think that the leather will give enough for them to break in nicely.  Love the way they look and have received may compliments on the grey (which is exactly as pictured).
B004NS0SBG Good boot I saw these boots and instantly loved the way the looked, well they are even better in person. I ordered the Olive, very nice subtle color. The suede is very soft, will definitely have to treat before first wear. The boot fits true to size, I'm a true 5.5 and these fit like a 5.5. Little room for a sock but not so much that my foot is slipping. Would recommend to anyone looking for a casual, comfortable pair of boots.
B004Q01HZM Love these These boots look great! I wear them with skinny jeans so that most of the boot shows. They look just a little different than most peoples boots. That tan/dark-brown gradient really defines the show. Low-key but different. I get complimented on them often.
B00591UN48 Too Much Heel (and Not "Knee High") These looked great online and I went with the reviews that they were comfortable despite the heel height when I ordered.  I have another pair of Timberland Earthkeepers I love, but these did not work for me.  The heel was way too high, making the boot over the top of the foot very tight and uncomfortable.  Plus they go up about 2/3 of the way up your shin (for me at 5'8"), definitely nowhere near being knee high.
B00591UN48 not tight enough on the calf These looked great online but they just weren't tight enought on my calf. The quality and color were great! I am 5'4&#34; and weigh 122 lbs.
B005ARVLMY Worth your money I love these boots! I'm between the age of 16-20 and I wanted to get a pair of boots so I could use them in the wintertime, when there's slush (not snow) and its all watery and wet, and of course when it rains. I wear a 10.5-11 or about 9.5/10 W. I was worried that these wouldn't feet my huge feet, but I ordered a ten and they feel true to my size! Not too big, but just enough room. I saw other reviews about the smell, it depends how sensitive you are and I like the smell of new things :) I ordered the GREEN ONE AND I RECOMMEND YOU DO SO :) its so different, and original and that's why I ordered this instead of the golden/black one or some hunter boots or chooka that everyone has. The faux laces doesn't bother me, I like them and that will keep the rain out. The laces are cute, its like red and black. I didn't find the calf size a problem. I'm really sporty so my calves are really toned and I guess "larger" than smaller people. The boots would look GREAT with skinny jeans, or any fitted style. Boot cut might work, but the boots look very very nice with fitted pants. The delivery was true to date (6 days) and I am very happy with my purchase.
B005ARVLMY Handsome Waterproof Boot I usually wear a 7.5-8 in women's boots (to accommodate heavy socks if necessary), so I bought an 8 and it fits well.  I have quite narrow feet.This is a very good looking boot.  It's slip-on, and I have average sized calves.  There is a little wiggle room around the calf opening but not too bad, although you'll have to be aware if you drive stick because when I let off the clutch sometimes the back of the boot catches on the underside of the seat.The tread is great!
B005GT0ROO LOOK GREAT These look really good with jeans or pants.  The quality is there.  They are a little tight but the leather will stretch.
B006ZGV4C6 Beautiful I bought these in the light brown. When I got these in the mail I immediately tried them on. They are extremely comfortable! I had on long flared jeans and they looked awesome underneath. I then rolled my pants up to my knees to see how they would look with a skirt or capri's... and they looked sort of stupid. I mean, they are mid-calf height boots... and those never look good on me with skirts or shorts. I then tried them on with skinny jeans and they looked amazing! They are slightly wide at the opening, so they don't hug your calf. I think they would look super cute with some light wash shinny jeans and a plaid button-up. Very wintry looking. I have a few pairs of Frye boots and they don't compare to these as far as comfort goes. These boots have some cushion in the heel area. Definitely a nice boot!
B006ZGV4GC Comfort driven with a fashionable look I bought these boots in taupe. They do not have the greenish hue that most taupe boots have. I'm 5'8" tall, have 15.5" calves and buy size 11w for more sock room. They are true to size, room for leggings/jeggings with trouser socks. Put them on, wore them all day while Christmas shopping, in and out of the car and standing in long lines. No pain or foot fatigue at the end of the day. Fit like they were made for my feet. The foot bed is very cushioned. Got lots of compliments and requests for what brand and where to purchase. I wish they came in black because I want another pair. I'd buy them in the brown but I already have too many pairs of brown now. The wooden heel makes them very unique. Doesn't scruff or scratch easily. Well worth the purchase price.
B006ZGV9LM Weird I should have expected that something was wrong when these were offered so cheap. They are not made properly. The footbed  is too short in length from toe to heel. I needed to take a half size larger.The arch of your foot does not rest on the arch of the boot. I kept them anyway because they are gorgeous, waterproof and fit great around my skinny little calves( very narrow). I put an insole inside so they are a bit better.
B006ZGV9LM Comfy heels They were a tad small on the calf. I usually fit into any size 6-6.5 pretty well and never really have problems with it being too tight, however these I couldn't get zipped up all the way, so I leave about an inch unzipped. (Still looks fine)  That being said, even with that problem, I still think they're great boots! I can walk in them the entire day because they're so comfy!
B006ZGV9LM Sexy and Practical I been searching for weeks for a sexy and  practical boot that will fit my athletic calve. Today, These boots shut that exhausting process down! Perfect fit and look, actually helps give a slender look to my calves. The leather/suede is rich and blackest black. Thank you Timberland,  don't change a thing about the fit and look of these boots!
B006ZGV9LM Love these boots! I've bought Timberland boots many times and know to size up as they run a little small.  These are amazing boots, well made, great leather.  Can't say enough about them. FYI the leg fit is average so if you usually prefer a wider calf width these boots may not fit.
B006ZGV9LM Cool and feminine These boots are exactly what I was looking for, casual and cool but still feminine (due to the heels).  They do run small.  Normally I am a size 5, a bit on the narrow side, but I ordered size 6 based on other reviews and glad I did.  These size 6 boots fit me perfectly.  They are well-made.  The leather is thick so they feel a little stiff on the shaft but should soften up after a few wears.  I've worn them once and feel that they are already a little less stiff at the end of the day.  The shaft height and circumference are perfect.  I am a little under 5' and have athletic calves.
B006ZGV9LM Fits great; nice and tight! (Get a W!!) These boots are great, I love them so much! I was afraid to order them at first because of all reviews that they fight too small and that they are too tight on the calves. I have pretty muscular calves: 15.5". Order the W, unless you have narrow feet. I ordered an 11W, and it fits my foot perfectly. I was able to zip the boots up, even with skinny jeans on. They just fit pretty snug. Not a problem though, because I can already feel them stretching to my leg as the day goes on. Order them, you won't regret it.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE the boots! The quality of and texture of leather is awesome!  It is a little snug in the calf area, which has never been a problem before; however, it should stretch some since it is leather.  I LOVE THE BOOTS!
B006ZGV9LM Manufacturer's Sizing Defect? Normally I am a true 8.5 with normal to slightly wide feet and calves on the &#34;athletic&#34; side.  I bought these boots 3 years ago; they fit beautifully in my normal size, even with jeans tucked in.  The sizing on this year's style is so far off that I've got to think its a manufacturer's defect.They're beautiful and the leather is nice, just like earlier years, but the fit is terrible.  The narrowness of the footbed as well as the boot shaft made them impossible to zip, even without thin jeans tucked in.I am taking other reviewer's advice by trying again with size 9 C/D because the boots are gorgeous and I've had luck with Timberland boots before. But if returns and shipping weren't free I wouldn't bother because I have my doubts they'll work.  But still - fingers crossed!
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful Boots, but Run Small My boots are beautiful and exactly what I expected, based on the reviews left by others (thank you).  Yes, they do run about a half size small, but keeping this in mind, I ordered up in both length and width, so the boots I received fit perfectly, even with a pair of fleece socks.  Yes, they are waterproof: I have tested them in the Ohio snow and they passed with flying colors. The boots are fully lined and have a very comfortable removable insole, plus the heel height is perfect.  The calves are not inches too big, the way they are on most boots I have tried in recent years, but I would NOT recommend these for women with fuller, more muscular calves.  For slender to average calved women like me, they are a welcome relief.  I suggest that before you order, measure your calves at the fullest point.  If they are larger than 12.5 inches, order womething else, especially if you want to wear your pants or jeans tucked in.  My calves are 12.5 inches in circumference and I can wear skinny jeans tucked in with no problem.  The boots are also very flattering when worn with skirts and dresses.  These Timberland boots were made to last a lifetime and I will be enjoying them for many years to come, making them an excellent investment in my winter wardrobe.
B006ZGV9LM Very comfortable, but may want to go up a half-size I've had these boots for about a month, and really do love them.  I have smaller calves, and this fit fairly close to my legs, but still have enough room to tuck skinny jeans in.The pitch on the heel is not quite as comfortable on these boots as it is on other shoes I own, but I can still wear these to work (I teach), stand on my feet all day, and walk long distances in them, without any pain or sore feet.I ordered my typical 7.5 in these, and, while they fit well with tights, they're a bit snug if I wear even thin socks with them. I'd recommend going up a half-size if you're planning on wearing socks of any kind with them.They're a very substantial boot, and it's nice that they're waterproof and warm.  We don't get a lot of inclement weather in San Diego, but these do keep my feet nice and toasty when I wear them.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE!!!!!!!!!! I'm normally a size 8 but on the advice of many others I ordered half a size up. They were spot on. I'm 5ft and find most knee high boots to be too wide. Not these, they fit perfectly with enough room for skinny jeans. They fit slender to average size legs I would say. If your calves are substantial these are going to be too tight. These boots are even better in person, they're gorgeous and a bonus that they are weatherproof!
B006ZGV9LM Stylish boots The black boots look great, leather is hard, and it does't look like suede (like in brown boots). I usually wear 7.5 in Timberland, but after reading previous reviews ordered 8, it fitted good, not tight. I did not have any issues with the calves, I'm able to get into calves in underpants and skinny jeans without any problems (my jeans size is 4-6). But I understand that girls with bigger sizes may have problem, as these boots does not have any wideness-extender (like boots in Europe). I even tried 8 W size - they are little bit wider, good for a thick sock, but the upper part of the boot is still the same. One thing I did not like is the insoles - they are not soft, slick, and I felt tired after walking for couple hours, so planning to change them.
B006ZGV9LM BLACK BOOT IS NOT A WEDGE!!! Like someone else mentioned, the black boot is not a wedge as pictured...! (The only other Timberland wedge available on Amazon right now is not the one pictured, but there's a similar style.) However, I kept this pair anyway because they are hands-down the most versatile and comfortable boot I've ever owned. And I've owned a lot of boots. They're true to size; I wear size 10 (my right foot is more like a 10.5), the 10 fit perfectly. If you have large calves, skip these, you'll probably think they're too tight. If you're like me, you're sick of only being able to find boots that are cut so wide that you look like you're wading in leather. These do not look like that! They're not too narrow but they fit nicely around a pair of skinny jeans without making me look like I'm going fishing.
B006ZGV9LM very nice Just got these and I love them, I am glad I listened to other reviews, I am usually between 8 1/2 and 9 and my fee are somewhat wider, I can usually fit into medium or b,  these are narrow and I ordered 9 wide and they fit perfect, I love the fit and they are more fitted in the calves, I have average calves and they look awesome, they are a little stiff, but very happy overall, much better than pictured!!!!  Got them for a great price from amazon.
B006ZGV9LM Nice! I love love love these boots!I got them in black.  The fit is narrow, as many have mentioned, so I'm glad I took their advice to order a half size larger.  Normally I wear a 7.5 medium, so I got these in 8 medium.The shafts of the boots are still a bit stiff, which will loosen up as I break them in.  The openings at the top of the boots are narrow so they fit my slim-to-medium calves snugly (which is exactly as I wanted - but they are too snug on me to tuck in jeans - only tights or leggings work.)  They are also fully lined.The shoe part of the boot fits very comfortably - it has a roundish toe and plenty of toe room - there is enough room to wear thicker socks.  The 3.5 inch rubber heels give them a very stylish look (along with the cool braiding in back and the seam design,) but they are also very forgiving to stand and walk in for hours.I love them so much, I am thinking to get another pair in brown.
B006ZGV9LM One snazzy, casual, beautiful boot! Better than expected! Beautiful, comfortable boot! Due to the well designed, woven elastic in the calf area, they fit comfortably snug around the calf, no gaps! I highly recommend
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful & Comfortable boots - black, size 7M I bought these boots from Amazon for an upcoming trip to England in October of this year. This is my first pair of Timberland footwear. I am pretty impressed. I have not yet worn these outside (worn them around the house to break them in) for a full day as I live on a tropical island (the neighbors will point and laugh). Since I'll be leaving my warm, sunny island to visit COLD, wet England I will need boots that are:1. Warm2. Waterproof3.  Very comfortable as I expect to do a lot of walking4. Narrow in the shaft as I have skinny calves5. Stylish6. Value for money.So far this pair fits the bill.I am glad I took the advice of previous reviewers and bought a size up. I wear size 6 in Crocs (open toe slippers), size 6M in Hush Puppies (sandals), size 6.5M in Clarks (booties) and so I bought size 7M in these Timberlands. With my bare feet they're a bit loose and rub uncomfortably against my ankles and instep. I guess that should change once they're broken in. Also, my skin can be annoyingly sensitive sometimes. This is not an issue that will affect me as they fit snugly and comfortably with socks (will be wearing them with Angelina Angora Wool-Top French Terry Thermal Knee High Socks. No hard, lumpy seams to rub on toes).The heel height in the description is correct. I was a bit worried when I saw the actual 3.25&#34; heels, but these boots feel really sturdy. I actually don't feel the discomfort of high heels. The rubber soles are bendable and have a really nice grip. No false advertising here, the heels & soles are truly shock absorbing. One slight issue, I wish there was greater arch support. I could fix this with an insole I suppose. I think I have high arches. Apart from that, these things are ridiculously comfortable and as others mentioned, I can run in them.I measured the shaft circumference at the inside top of the elastic panel at the back of the boot, it is 13&#8221; on this pair (probably 13 &#8221; at the very top of the boots as listed in the item description).  My calf circumference is 11 &#8221; (skinny girl with skinny calves). I can comfortably wear warm fleece leggings, thick socks and jeans inside the boots to keep warm and those actually fill the gap at the top of the shaft.I love the clean and simple lines of these boots. I think I can dress these up or down. They are absolutely beautiful. Amazon&#8217;s pictures are not doing them justice so I have uploaded some of my own. The leather is a really, really rich black. Looks like something between leather and suede.I got these for a good price I think. They were selling for $79.99 in January 2014. This is a classic style; I expect it to be wearable for years to come.For those of us living outside of the USA, shipping weight matters. It is listed here as 2lbs, however the package actually weighed about 6lbs.Maybe I will update after this the trip.
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful boots Really nice boot I get alot of compliments! I'm usually a size 5 1/2 so I ordered size 6 after reading other reviews and they fit perfect Especially with my skinny calves
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful Boot! These are very well made, beautifully fitting boots.  Leather is waterproof but still soft and the fit is snug but comfortable.  I wore them most of the day and while my feet were a bit sore, it was well worth it.  The boot is a slim fit through the foot and up the calf so ordering a half size up is advised.  I did and the fit was great.  Great value for a stunning boot.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE these! I own lots of boots and this is instantly a favorite!  It is beautiful.  My favorite thing is that they are not loose and bulky around my calf.  They are more fitted to my legs.  I have been looking for a boot that does this for a long time.  I guess most boots now days are made for larger calves.  Perfect fit and very comfortable.
B006ZGV9LM beautiful boots, great quality. Shaft is a little narrower than most boots, and I have thin calves to begin with. Shaft is a little narrower than most boots, and I have thin calves to begin with.  They give a nice slim line, and look great with skirts! Very warm,  and surprisingly comfortable, given the heel height.  I wore them through a 14 hour day on Day one.  Timberland brand  has delivered as expected.
B006ZGV9LM Love these boots! I like the boot. I have wanted these for years. Yes I has been wanting too buy these for two years now. I also like how quiet they are. Nice to wear a heel that makes no sound. But the calf area is tight. And the sizing is off. I had to go up a half a size. But after all that is straitened out with refunds and returns I am happy with the boots. And Amazon does make it pretty easy to do returns.
B006ZGV9LM Great boots! I love these boots!  Very attractive and very comfortable from the first wearing. I wear an 8.5 and these were true to size.  The braided area in the calf area is stretchy and gives extra space to tuck your jeans or pants inside.  I stepped in a big puddle the first day I wore them and no water made it's way inside.  The tread on the bottom makes walking on slippery surfaces easy.  I bought the brown color, but will be back for the black ones!
B006ZGV9LM Great looking boots. After reading earlier reviews, I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and the fit was perfect for wearing warm socks with the boots.  The boots were a little stiff but have loosened with use.  I don't normally wear heels this high so I prefer not to wear the boots for long periods of time or extended walking.  I have thin legs so I have plenty of room to tuck in the legs of my pants.
B006ZGV9LM Tight on the ankles These boots are beautiful looking, but so far, the fit is terrible. I usually don't have a problem with my calves fitting in boots, but with these, I could barely zip them up! Additionally, there is this little fold towards the bottom that digs in to your ankles and causes some pain.On the bright side, they are very sturdy.
B006ZGZ9RM very comfortable and very good quality These are beautiful boots and are true to size.  One possible negative is that the boot has a zipper on the side that goes from below the ankle to about half way up the calf (the boot has no zipper at the opening). This might be a problem if someone wanted to fit pants in the boots because they could only adjust them through the side opening. Other than that, the leather is beautiful and they are very comfortable.  The wedge seems to be made of wood.
B006ZGZ9RM Look great on and comfortable! My hairdresser had the cognac-colorded boots, which looked like a dream. I really needed black ones. The shaft is narrow, which I  needed for my thin calves. The wedge makes them more comfortable than a regular heel. Love them!
B006ZGZ9RM My Go To Boots for Winter I got these boots a year or two ago, and they are still great looking, versatile, waterproof, sturdy yet delicate enough for office wear due to the cute wedge heel, sexy, and by far the most comfortable boots I own.  The only others that are this comfortable are my Naya's with a set in heel, but I don't think they make them anymore (luckily I bought two pairs!).  I am thinking about buying a second one of these, just so I have them if mine ever wear out.  They fit true to size - I'm an 8.5 M, slightly on the narrow side, and these fit great with thin cotton socks or tights.  The zipper is well made, the insole is cushy and supportive, the calf is not sloppy but fits over jeggings or thick tights (wouldn't fit over straight legged jeans, but is sleek enough to fit inside straight legs if that's the look you wanted).  In all, these are great boots!
B006ZGZ9RM Almost exactly what I expected. I just received these so I haven't worn them yet, but I'm pretty sure I'll keep them.  I was worried they'd be a little darker than pictured (like I've seen on other sites) but the color is exactly as it appears in the picture.  I was also worried that the calf width would be too wide but there's just a little bit of room between my slightly smaller than average calf and the plush, warm lining of the boot.  I can't wait to make these my NYC commute boot, my feet are very comfortable in them and they're waterproof!  The ankle is slightly roomier than I thought it'd be and I wish the shaft was an inch taller but they're great quality and I got a great deal on them.
B006ZGZ9RM Wonderful boot; long break-in period I purchased this pair of boots in order to have dress winter boots that I could wear from the NY snow right into the office without having to deal with carrying the obligatory extra pair of shoes.  They definitely fit that bill.  They're waterproof and they have a very nice tread on the bottom.This is a very nice looking boot!  They're fully leather, with a beautiful shape.  They look awesome with a skirt or with leggings and a sweater.  Please note:  THEY RUN SMALL.  I am a size 10 shoe.  I fit very comfortably in a size 11.  I was quite happy that I had tried on Timberland boots in the store before and knew that they tended to run small.Here are the reasons they didn't get five starts from me -1) The zipper does not go all the way up the side.  It goes from the ankle to the mid calf.  This makes putting them on and taking them off more difficult than it needs to be.2) The front of the shin and ankle is quite stiff.  I have worn them several times and they are slowly breaking in.  But, I'm not sure the stiffness will leave entirely.  I assume that it will, since they're leather.I would feel very good about recommending this boot.
B006ZGZ9RM Brilliantly-Styled This boot is by far one of the most thought out designs I've seen in a while. The leather was  designed to stretch and fit any calf size such as mine. This wedged heel style boot is great for rocking legging or legging jeans.
B006ZGZ9RM Good Quality but..... These boots are of excellent quality leather and construction.  Unfortunately, that's where my love for them ends.  The zipper does not extend the entire length of the shaft; the zipper opens only in the middle of the shaft.  This deficiency makes it difficult to tuck in your jeans, as you have to literally pull your jeans through by grabbing the bottom hem.  Given that, it's impossible to tuck in your jeans smoothly.  Moreover, these boots are very uncomfortable to wear.  I had assumed that the wedge heel would make them wearable, but the footbed is hard, and it does not cradle the foot.  Additionally, the upper boot shaft is very wide; there is no adjustment to make it smaller.  So if you are planning to wear these with skinny jeans or leggings, they may not look as sleek as you'd like.  It's a good-looking boot, but just not that "wearable".  I returned them.
B006ZGZ9RM I Really Wanted These to Work... ...but just couldn't justify keeping them. The leather is fabulous quality, as is the rest of the construction. The heel is high, but comfortable, and very stable. I typically wear a 7.5N/AA, with a 9&#34; circumference ankle and about 14.75&#34; around the calf. I ordered the 7. When I tried them on, I found they were a bit wide, and the arch support didn't hit me in quite the right place; I also felt the ankle was a bit bulky as well. The circumference of the shaft was excellent, accommodating my calf muscles and pant legs with ease, yet wasn't overly wide when tried with only stockings. Overall, a gorgeous boot, but just not the right one for me. Probably would work better for someone with a wider foot, lesser arch, and better proportion between ankle and calf.
B006ZIGRXA yay! after reading reviews that this boot...sadly, unlike what seems like most other timberland boots...fit larger legs, i ordered and i am so glad i did!  they are beautiful.  i have 15.5&#34; calves and there is a little wiggle room for them.  i love the loose ankle fit.  the heel is kindov weird...seems to be made of wood.  wasn't expecting that.  i hope walking in snow and rain won't hurt them.  but they're comfortable and look really cool.
B006ZIGRXA A little disappointed I ordered these because they are waterproof and had a larger calf opening.  I love the dark brown color, and the style.  The leather at the top of the boot is nice and soft, and they have a hard, structured toe box.  I am disappointed at how sloppy they feel on my feet.  I ordered these in 9W, am normally an 8.5/9.  My other Timberland boots are 9.5 W and are a tad too long, but I don't like having my toes smashed.  Also, I always order half to full size larger and wides so I can put my own insoles in them for more comfort and to accomodate for a small bunion.  These, with 3/4 length insoles in them, squish the top of my foot just a tad, but have way too much room in the ankle area. I'm hoping that since they are leather they will stretch around the top of my foot.  Adding the insoles helped a little with how sloppy they are, but still slip on my foot when I walk.  They have very minimal padding in the bottom, definitely wouldn't attempt standing or walking long distances without my own insoles in them.  But, they are one of the very few cute, waterproof, and wide width boots that also fit my muscular 16" calves. They fit very well around my calves and would easily accomodate wider calves because of the elastic panel that goes from about 2 inches above my ankle to the top of the boot. I will be able to wear these over leggings or skinny jeans with no problems.  So I'll keep them since I do live in a climate where we have wet springs and falls and get snow as early as October and stays as late as April, and need some fashionable waterproof boots that don't hinder my driving while running around town. I really wanted them to be the perfect boot so I could order them in the light brown color too, but the sloppy, non fitted ankle has told me to hold off, break these in, and see how much it really bothers me.
B006ZIGRXA Ladies with large calves, rejoice! It's hard to shop for boots when your calves are the size of a linebacker's and it's even harder when you're doing it blindly online without the ability to try them on first. This was my first online boot purchase and it turned out to be positive!These boots are QUALITY and they feel like they'll last for a while. I've only had them for two weeks but have worn them almost every day since. The material is nice and the little heel gives me a nice lift too. I feel a bit more confident because of them.The side zippers and stretchy material around the calf help out a lot with large calves. My calf circumference is close to 17&#34; and I can fit them into these boots with jeans/tights on perfectly. Like other Timberlands you just need to break them in. I definitely recommend these!
B006ZIGRXA Love Them I have very high arches which makes getting slip-on boots on extremely difficult.  I am able to slide my feet into these without an effort.  I am 5'8"1/2 and these come to just below my knee.  I also have very large calf muscles from years of running, soccer, and gymnastics and have problems finding boots that aren't too snug to slip tight jeans or leggings into.  These are actually loose on my calves when worn with socks or tights and I don't have a problem tucking my pants into them at all.  I have only worn them a few times, but they are comfortable, warm, and exactly what I was looking for in an all around boot to wear with jeans, skirts, and dress.
B006ZIGRXA ruggedly dressy These boots are perfect in every way. The half-zip on the outside prevents that sad zip-up boot look, and there's plenty of room to tuck your jeans in, without the dreaded "Cossack knees" effect. The insole is rather hard, but because I ordered a half-size larger, I have room for my comfy Orthaheel insoles. (ALWAYS size up by half in an outdoor boot! You need room for those wool socks.)If I could change one thing about these boots, I would have made the heel a bit lower. Otherwise, fabulous!
B006ZIGRXA Love the boots, quality was great-well constructed. I loved the boots and was impressed again with the quality of the Timberland boot. Size was spot on and the calf size allows for a16&#34; calf to comfortably wear the boot.
B006ZIGRXA sturdy waterproof boots I like Timberland boots for their quality. These are no exception. The foot bed is narrow, even in a wide. Fortunately I don't have very wide feet. They do take some breaking in for the leather to stretch a bit and be more comfortable. For me the shaft being wider than most tall boots is nice because I have large muscular calves (16.5&#34;) and these are the only boots I've found that I can tuck jeans into. If you have thin legs you won't like these and will swim in them. They have been great for keeping my feet dry with our snowy Ohio winter!
B006ZIGRXA Nice! The only complaint i have about these boots is how loose they are around the calf. I have an athletic build, with slightly above average calf muscles, and I still feel like these have too much room in the back. The quality is undeniable however, exquisite leather, heel, details and coloring. Nice antil slip rubber on the bottom as well.
B006ZIGRXA well made great boot I ordered these based on others feedback & I wasn't disappointed. They really do fit an18" calf. They are a bit generous around the ankle, but are very comfortable. Mary
B006ZIGRXA Kinda taller than expected Fit comfortably. I have fuller calves so they fit nicely but for someone with thinner legs this would probably be too loose and if you're on the shorter side (less than 5' 2&#34;) these would be too tall for you. The foot bed is really comfortable and they have a kind of dusty lived in look to them which I really like. Happy with these AND arrived on time.
B006ZIGRXA Great boot for ladies with larger calves I have been eying these boots for over a year and finally bought them after not being able to find a great wide calf boot. I am so glad that I did. They fit like a glove in the calf and the leather is amazing. I love that they are waterproof for the long MN winters. I would recommend these to anyone.
B006ZIGRXA Comfortable I wore my new boots for the first time to a wedding that was held in a barn, we had to park in the field and walk a ways. These boots are very comfortable. There were a little small in the width, but used some shoe stretch and they fir perfect. Also the calf part was a little tight, but I am a big girl and was expecting that. But I got them to fit and they are comfortable even spending 3 hours in them for the first time I wore them. The price was good as is the quality! Love them!
B006ZIGRXA Quality leather, fits wider calf and stylish I have wide calves (16.5 inches) and I never find good quality, stylist boots that fit my calves. I have ordered other timberland boots in the past but they never seem to fit me until these boots :) I love them so much and u can't wait for the winter to come so that I can rock them. I ordered the size 9 wide but I usually wear 8-8.5 in regular shoes but these fit perfectly (I do have wide feet though). I would have enough room for my skinny jeans and leggings. Also remember the larger the shoe size the wider the calf circumference and vise versa. These are the best casual boots I have :) for ladies who have trouble finding boots that fit their calves give these a try what do you have to loose amazon has free return shipping. Oh and sorry if it seems like I am ranting, I am just so happy. And I hate writing reviews but this I had to share :)
B006ZIGRXA Loooooove these boots! I have HUGE calf muscles and these fit perfectly! Genuine leather that is easy to care for. I would definitely recommend purchasing these and they are perfect timing going into the Fall.
B006ZIGRXA My wife loves them. I bought these for my beloveds birthday. I had purchased a pair of Clarks boots that were too tight on her feet, returned them and bought these.These are a great combo; stylish yet a little rugged. My wife tells me they are the most comfortable boots she has ever worn and she has worn a ton of them.The leather is soft and beautiful, the soles are rugged but not chunky. Being Timberland I know they will last.My wife has an average size calf and these are slightly loose around her legs, which she likes so that she can put her jeans into them.One thing I have noticed is that around the ankle and top of the foot is a little large but again she tells me this allows her to put on very thick socks.
B006ZIGRXA Comfortable, versatile, and very cute! After reading reviews on hundreds of boots I decided to order these and I absolutely love them! They are amazingly comfortable and accommodate a larger calf nicely (mine are 15") leaving plenty of room for leggings and skinny jeans. I also love that these boots are waterproof so I won't feel guilty wearing them in wet weather!
B006ZIGRXA Stylish alternative to rubber rain boots Love this boot. Great alternative to rubber rain boot. Good if you have large calves. May be floppy if you have thin calves. These are not tight around the ankle and have plenty of room for liners if you want them. They fit like a rain boot. Not much difference between B width and W width. I ordered 1/2 size bigger than I normally wear to leave room for thick socks in cold weather. I  get lots of compliments on these. Looks great with jeans or with casual dress for work. I also bought the wax from Timberland to condition the leather and give extra protection to boot. These are waterproof.
B006ZIGRXA Not wide enough for my calf I thought they were cute boots but, sadly, didn't zip over my thick calf.  I had to return them :(
B006ZIGS34 shaft too wide I really like these boots, however, I'm returning them because I don't like how they look on me for how I want to wear them. My feet are long (size 10) and I (this is funny) have scrawny "chicken" calves, so the ample cut of the shaft has more of a look of a rainboot on me.  Since I'd like to be able to wear them with knee-length skirts or jeans (not tucked into boots), these just won't work for me.  However, for people who want to tuck their pant-legs and/or like a larger shaft, these are great.  Also, the length of the boot is accurate in my opinion for a size 10m.  Initially, I thought maybe I just needed a size smaller, but when I tried on the 9.5m, I found they were too snug in the toes and still had a larger shaft than what I'm looking for.  I am bummed to send them back as I love the color, especially as I wanted something light-colored so it wouldn't soak up heat from the sun when motorcycle riding and I like the color-variation at the toe, partly since it makes my big feet look somewhat more in proportion to the rest of me. I also really like the heel height and the boot height.
B006ZIGT4C Timberland boots These boots are half perfect and half problematic. I did return them. The overall foot bed and size of toe area was perfect, beautiful. It was a nice suede. The one problem was the part around the calf/shin, it was so stiff with no give, it bulged out my jeans too much.
B006ZIJ0PW Beautiful but not as expected These are very nice looking boots but they do not fit well. I usually wear a 7.5 and have an average foot (not narrow or wide and no high rise). However, these boots in 7.5 were difficult to get on and were very tight on top of my foot. I have never had problems like this with shoes before so I was surprised that they fit this way. The boots do not come up to the knee but rather hit somewhere between mid-calf and knee (I am about 5'6&#34;). Also, the boots are not a very true dark black but somewhat grey-ish but that is probably because of the type of suede they are made of. I am hoping to exchange these for size 8 for a better fit.
B006ZIJ0PW Feeding my addiction once again! I admit that my love affair with footwear borders on unnatural. I have tried to stop, honestly. These boots have not helped to quell my problem as they are fantastic. Fit is perfect, and no problem zipping them on my slightly larger than average calves. Zipper on the outside of the boot brings a different look to a sturdy, casual boot. These look fantastic with skinny jeans or leggings! Love them, and would definitely recommend them!
B006ZJ2ZUI Way Too Narrow All Around !!! I have large calves, so there isn't any room for a drop of water to get inside.  Not even to tuck pants inside.  True to Timberland boots, they are very narrow, making it quite difficult feet insdide. In fact, I can't wear a sock with these because the lining of the boots pulls at and sticks to the socks as I'm trying to squeeze them on.  Would probably work better with a very silky sock.  Have to go barefoot.  I probably need to go up a size. However, once I get them on, they are not too short in the toe area.  Again, I have large calves.  By the time I got home from the first day of wearing them I had 2 inch cuts on the outside of each calf.  All day long I felt the boot scratching my legs, but had no idea the degree to which they were damaging my skin -- which, by the way, is now scarred.  That being said, they did keep my feet dry.  I'm, now trying to sell them. Short of that, I'll have to eat the $92 I paid (although they are now $65) and off to the thrift shop they'll go !!!
B006ZJ2ZUI Attractive and rugged These boots are just what I wanted. Worked out great for an October trip to the coast and I slip them on easily on rainy days when I need to walk out to the bus stop to pick up/drop off my kid. I think they are very cute without being girly or consciously fashion forward. Great fit. Just enough room to wear two pairs of socks if I need to but my foot isn't sliding around inside the shoe either. I do wish that the top of the boot was a little closer fit. They are wide at the top and when I wear them a long time I get some chafing on my calf from friction. On the plus side, they are easy to put on.
B006ZTTV1O Great Scott this boot Rock! I'm going to go ahead and give this fives stars considering the boot and price.  I haven't owned a pair of Timberlands before, and need to replace my side buckle ankle moto boot.  I was able to pick these up on Amazon for $68 which is an outstanding price for these.  Right out of the box several things jump out at me, the quality of the leather, the sewn on lower, and the overall solid construction.  You can't often find a sewn on sole at this price, and they make all the difference in a boot's lifespan when compared with cheaper glued-on soles.  These are constructed in the typical narrow chelsea style that seems to be dominant in men's style boots now.  I have wide feet and ordered the 10.5 wide.  It appears just a bit longer than most 10.5 boots I've owned, but not enough to size-down to 10.  As stated, the leather is a good thick near matte finish quality.  The pull tabs are of the same quality leather, very solid.  These boots were made to last.  The stretch fabric around the ankle (a more accurate detail in a true chelsea) is tough with a tight weave.  The laces leave something to be desired in the aesthetics department (I replaced them with some black flat athletic laces for a more casual/city look), but the thinner build of them is fine given you'll tie them only once given these are pull on boots.  The inner sole is cushioned with a nice tech looking insole that has a padded arch for all-day wear.  They pretty much tricked this out from inside and out finishing it with quality stitching.  With the sale price of $68 (marked down from $190) your going to get something far superior to other brands of boots at this price (i.e. steve maddens/sketcher/etc).  To go a true step up in the chelsea boot, you'd have to go up to Fryes.
B006ZUFL30 Great Look but Snug A bit stiff (not unexpected) but also a bit snug (not what I expected). Plan to wearthem around the house with a good pair of wool  hiking socks before I decide to keep them or return them. Love the look and the support but not sure I can handle the snug fit across the foot. Trying to imagine a full day of wear starting with a snug fit.
B00712KA3C Quality well made boot The brown leather is rich and suede is soft/durable. Seams are really well sewn. I normally wear a 7, 7.5, or 8 in women's. I like my boots to fit with a little room with thick socks. I ordered the size 6. This is a EUR 39, so it was a little big on me. I returned product because I would like to exchange it for a 5.5. The white fleece only extends down to about an inch from the top. I like that there is a velcro tab to secure the zipper closure. The brown boot has orange stitching. It is lined and soft. Definitely recommend.
B0077H7MD2 Beautiful Great boot, great price-calf and foot a little snug but workable. Color gorgeous. Just wish timberland made wider calf areas.
B0077H7MD2 Beautiful boots! Ashame they had to be returned I was always concered with the foot comfort of knee-high boots, but with this particular item, it was an issue with the shaft/opening (I am 5'3&#34; with semi-muscular calves). I figured based upon the provided dimensions, and that it looks like it could stretch, it would work for me. I was very wrong. First off, these are very beautiful boots! They are quality made leather boots. While you can buy faux or man-made materials for about a 1/3 less than a boot like this, you ultimate get what you pay for. Plus, it's worth the investment to just spend a little more for a quality product that may last you a really long time.  I love the traction sole, the soft interior and sturdiness of the boot. The color is accurate in the picture and it does go up to the knee.  I'm just a little disappointed it couldn't stretch just the 1/2 inch I needed. It looked like my calf had muffin top! lol!  Anyways, sending these back and actually getting a different timberland boot--- specifially one that is designed for wide calves.
B007EFDGJQ Very snug When properly laced and on my feet they are VERY comfortable.  A qualifier for the rest of the review, I've only been able to wear a few times in the last two weeks, so maybe I have not fully broken in.  I say too small because most zipper boots of this type you: Put on; zip up; lace comfortably.  To remove normally all you need to do is unzip.  This would be good but it doesn't work for me because the leather behind the zipper area leather is very limited.  To get my foot out of the boot, I must unlace a bit as well.
B007TGA2JM Comfy - fits well and tie up handles my "athletic calves" I just like dthe look of them - flet the brown was more feminine than black, Was worried about the height but they are greta - was worried about my large calves but the lace up works really well. Usua;lly have trouble with any kind of boot past my shin but not with these now if High heels had same options!
B007TGA2JM Very Beautiful, Comfortable and Interesting Boots! First impression: These boots are amazing, they look even better than the picture. I don't normally shop online (especially shoes) so I was a bit worried but they were fantastic.Size:* Fits perfect to size (especially since the calf area is fully adjustable).Appearance:* They look even better than the picture, they are very interesting.* They look and feel like very good quality material and seem highly durable.Comfort:* They are very comfortable.* They are even very comfortable with thin socks due to good quality lining (very soft).I would definitely recommend this product.
B007TGA2JM I love the laces The laces let me adjust the width so my 13&#34; calves are snug against the boot, which is difficult for me to do in most boots.  It's comfortable and roomy with the 6w.  I just wish there wasn't that black panel on the brown boots.  They were never going to look like dressy boots, but the black panel makes it more obviously related to their original yellow work boot.
B008VPU0GK Soft leather I love the fit of these boots but the only problem I have found is the leather is very soft and scuffs very easy.
B00AQLQ05W So Cute! These boots are absolutely gorgeous on my one year daughter! They fit perfect and are easy to put on (Zipper on the side just like adult women boots) . I love that you can adjust the buckle strap to tighten or loosen the around the ankle. The laces are long enough to double knot them and adjust the size you want around your child's calf.
B00AW7M97S Stylish boots - Just what I wanted First off, these boots are amazing quality. I've never tried on/looked at Timberland boots in my life so maybe it wasn't the smartest idea for me to order these boots without ever seeing them and knowing how they fit, but I did... and I LOVE them. They fit to the &#34;T.&#34; I usually wear a 7 and these are a true 7. I thought they were a little snug (but I was determined to make them fit) and because of the material, they have stretched out a bit and they fit me perfectly now. I've worn them maybe 3 or 4 times before they stretched a little to fit me. The only thing to be cautious of is the calf area. I have calf muscles (not huge by any mean), but I do have them. The upper area of the boot is snug, but I was able to loosed the belt and shoe laces a bit to make it work with my skinny jeans and a thin pair of tall socks on. If you have large calves, I would not recommend these boots unless you get a size larger than what you normally wear. All in all, I LOVE these boots and will most def. buy another Timberland pair again!
B00AW7M97S I get so many compliments This was a christmas gift i bought myself from my fiance.When i first put them on i was a little disappointed because they didn't seem to fit right. Then after tightening the laces it looked much better. It's probably one of the best features that you can decide how tight or loose you want the boot to fit. I have large calves so this is a major bonus. .I'm still waiting for the leather to soften up a bit, as it's a little stiff. But i still love them!
B00AW7M97S Beautiful, just not my style This boot was really awesome- amazing quality, beautiful leather, and even prettier in person. But I had to send it back- I didn't like the way it kind of pinched my ankles sometimes (and it does run a little narrow, though mostly true to size). I think they would stop pinching if I got used to them. I also didn't like the mid-high style boot on me. I'm 5'2&#34;, and it makes me look really short. I think these boots would look great on a tall, thin person. They're absolutely gorgeous- it was really hard to send them back.
B00AW7M97S lace up boot, flat black better laces, nice boot overall though . little big around calf for me....size around calf could've been given in description
B00AW7M97S Boots are nice The boots were a little tight around my calf. They have loosen with wearing them. Really like the way they look on.
B00AW7M97S Nice boot, comfortable but must have thinner calves Despite saving it is for wider calves....that is relative.  For me it was not even close...I could not close it at all. Otherwise I liked the boot and would have kept them.
B00AW7M97S A bit snug but gorgeous I love the look of these boots.  I ordered a wide width, and they still ran a bit tight.  I'm hoping the leather will stretch a bit.  With the laces and buckle, the calf width is slightly adjustable which is great for those of us with calf muscles...
B00AW7M97S Not quite it The boots were a little bit tight through calves, even with lace adjustments...I have athletic calves and hit me at a point on the shin where it just wasn't flattering for my petite frame. Wish they would have worked, super cute boot and great quality!
B00AW7M97S Little tight in calf. Loved the boots online but ended up a little tight on my wide calves.  Had to send back cause of fit but runs true to size on footbed.
B00AW7M97S love these boots! I wanted to buy something different in boots instead of the knee high boots everyone is wearing. These mid-calf lace up boots were just perfect! I ordered the same size I always do when ordering boots and they fit exactly the way I wanted them to. I always order a half size larger than regular shoes so I can wear socks or tuck my jeans into the boots. They have that unique look that people notice and like. Since they are made of leather, they will last me a long time. I read reviews about ordering in wide since they run narrow, but I just ordered 9 1/2 m not wide. They fit just fine in the foot and calf. Adjusting the laces just a bit made them feel so comfortable. This boot was well worth the money and I highly recommend them. I ordered dark brown to go with everything. This was one of my best purchases online with Amazon. Thank you!
B00AW7M97S Super Comfortable, Fits Well, Waterproof! At first I was afraid these would be too snug, as they squished my toes. But I've worn them with thin socks for a couple days and now that they've stretched and molded to my feet, they fit like a dream. I'd say they run true to size. The soles are bouncy and supportive and I love that I can change the fit using the laces and the strap at the top. If I wear leggings, I can lace the boots up tight; if I wear jeans, I can loosen the boots up a bit. No matter what I wear, these boots are the perfect size. Quality is awesome. The leather is soft and I like that they are water repellant so I can wear them even if it's raining.
B00AW7M97S timberland always makes a great boot! LOVE THESE BOOTS. THE LEATHER IS PLIABLE. THE BOOT IS WELL MADE AND SINCE MY CALVES ARE A BIT LARGER I WAS ABLE TO FIT THEM INTO THESE. THEY LOOK AND FEEL GREAT.
B00AW7M97S Nice boots! Fit and color were as expected--a very nice looking pair of boots! The sole is sturdy, and they do well in rain, though I'm not sure they're 100% waterproof. The laces give them a nice, slightly old-fashioned look, so they're a little more refined looking than your average rain/winter boot. I ordered them a half-size up from my foot size, so I could take out the cushion they come with and add orthotic inserts, and it's a good fit--plenty of room in the toes, even with my inserts. They're a bit snug at the calf, but can be loosened with the laces. They look great over leggings and skinny jeans or under boot-cut jeans.
B00AW7M97S High Quality Boot I bought this boot in black.  Of the variety of black shades, it is a nice dark black.  It is now one of my favorite boots:  stylish, comfortable, and durable.  I wear it with skinny jeans, leggings, a skirt or a dress.  I find them very versatile.  The detailing is exquisite. The laces and buckle allow adjustment, and the contrast between the leather (grain is smooth) and the suede give it additional character.  The leather panel sizes, lace spacing, and ribbon design are well made and proportioned. All materials are high quality.  My feet are a little wide so the C/D that I purchased fits well, and I can walk all day in these boots without any discomfort.  The bottom tread makes it slip resistant in the rain (I live in California so there really isn't any ice or snow to test them under more severe conditions).  I would definitely recommend. I wish they made other colors like red, olive, or blue as I would definitely purchase a second pair.
B00AW7M97S My new favorite boots. I have worn these boots every day since they showed up on my doorstep and I love them. LOVE THEM. I ordered the Black in 8.5W since a lot of people had commented that these boots run narrow and I have always had a wide foot (though I rarely buy wide width shoes). These boots fit like a dream. WHen I first put them on, I had a few issues with heel slippage but after wearing them for a few hours the leather around the ankles started to relax a little bit and I was able to better adjust the laces. Now my heel doesn't slip at all. I can easily wear the boot with a wool/acrylic blend &#34;boot sock&#34; with no constriction of movement for my toes. I've mainly been wearing them with straight cut jeans but am looking forward to pairing them with some patterned tights and skirts once it gets a little warmer outside!
B00AW7M97S Gorgeous, High quality boot Love these boots!!!!I am a size 8 1/2 to 9, and purchased the 9.  There is a little extra room in the toe, but they are perfect when worn with my wool socks.  I was concerned about fit after so many reviewers said they purchased a wide, but the normal width fit just fine.  I think this may be a case of people not being used to the skinny look of this style of boot, so people feel the need to order a wide to compensate for that.  Its also great that the laces and buckle are fully adjustable so I can get the right fit and then just zip on and off.This boot is very comfortable.  I wore them right out of the box to go shopping all day and they felt great.  I almost didn't want to take them off!  I wanted a shorter boot than I normally wear and these are a great height - just tall enough that my pant legs will stay tucked in them and short enough that they feel really casual and unfussy.
B00AW7M97S Cool boots I usually wear a 9.5 and my feet are on the wide side.  Based on reviews about these running small I ordered the 10C/D.  I probably would have been just fine with the 9.5 C/D though.  The 10's aren't so big they bug me though and I am so used to wearing clogs I enjoy the extra room anyway so I'm keeping these.  Love that the laces adjust but you still have zipper for easy on and off.  Some have noted that the tongue is not sewn all the way up and this is true but I don't see how it is a problem as the laces secure the tongue in two places, it really doesn't go anywhere.  The insoles in these are super cushy but are removable if you need to put your own in. I did have plenty of room in the shaft of the boot and tightened the laces to compensate, great to have that adjustment available.  Very stylish comfy boot and seems well made.
B00AW7M97S Perfect Like so many, it was difficult to guess about sizing based on reviews. I am almost always 5.5 M and that size actually fit perfectly and comfortably both in length and width. I completely agree with a previous reviewer in that they definitely seem too small/tight on first impression because they come incredibly tightly laced. The nice thing is that they would likely suit many calf sizes since they are fully adjustable, and then the zipper makes it so easy once you have adjusted the laces to your comfort level. Was hoping for the Tobacco color but received Brown forty (also nice though!)...not a big deal to me. Very comfortable cushioned foot bed in particular. They are a surprisingly slim and feminine looking boot, absolutely love them!
B00AW7M97S Best boots ever! I have always wanted to wear knee length boots, however I have calves which are too big for most boots, but too small for boots which fit larger sized calves.  So I decided to try these mid-height boot instead and absolutely love them.  They fit perfectly since the laces make them completely adjustable.  Once I got the laces right, they simply zip on and off without needing to re-adjust.  And the size 7 fit perfectly on my foot - not too narrow or too wide.
B00AW7M97S Quality boot Love the look! I wanted to invest in a quality boot with timeless style.  They look great and I get lots of compliments.  I like having the style of the laces, but the ease of a zipper. They are true to size.  I wear 8.5 w and they fit perfect.  Snug in the calf and my calves are not big, so u can really only wear a medium thick wool sock with jeans or jeggings...unless you have skinny calves.  They are stiff at first because they are real leather, but they are already broken in after 3 good wears.  glad I spent a little more for what I really wanted.
B00AW7M97S Love them, but they take some breaking in! I got these on sale in my normal size and width, and thought at first that they would be too small- they were extremely tight, and gave me horrendous blisters. However, after about a week of wear, they're finally starting to loosen and become much more comfortable. Looks-wise, they're quite cool- they're taller than the average combat boot, and the laces add a lot of interest. Edgy, but not so much that they look too 'trendy'. They have a bit of a vintage look. The leather is thick and high quality, the zipper hefty, and the buckle is adjustable and doesn't cut in or chafe. All in all, they're great to wear with any outfit, in just about any weather condition, for years to come! Just be prepared to deal with aching feet before they're properly broken in.
B00AW7M97S Great Boots Love these boots, I was looking for boots that either had buckles or laced up and these have both! They are tight on my calf BUT its not the boot, I just have big calves :( Luckily you can adjust because they lace. After about wearing for 4 hours, they broke in nicely.
B00AW7M97S Exceeded Expectations I am a 10 1/2, so I had to select size 11, but unlike some footwear, the sizing did not make my foot look terribly larger and/or clunky. In fact, it makes it nicer if I want to wear thicker socks, so sizing up a 1/2 isn't so bad! It is snug around the mid-section of my foot, but I think that's how a boot is supposed to fit. You would probably get blisters, otherwise.The overall quality and construction is solid. The way the back of the heel is stitched disallows complete flexibility, but that may soften over time. This is relevant during driving/sitting in a reclined position where you need to swivel your ankle. I noticed that one of my heels rubs just a little.After adjusting the laces specifically to your foot, the zipper makes it to have an easy on-and-off, which is really nice.I was a little concerned with the suede aspect of the boot, especially since there is a lot of salt on the roads due to snow, but with minimal maintenance, the suede has suffered no ill effects. I haven't treated the boot with anything, but I probably will to help preserve them longer.They're not even broken in and I have already danced in them, I have walked on concrete comfortably, and trudged through deep snow drifts without any blisters or soreness. I have gotten many compliments on them and I think they look very stylish, while also being very functional.
B00AW7M97S Very cute and sturdy, but a little snug This is my second try with Timberland boots. I chose these after another pair didn't quite fit in the calf area, so with these, I shaved a bit of the calf off. These boots look very nice in person. The leather is gorgeous and rich in color. I ordered the Brown and they would be the perfect neutral boot. I ordered my normal size 7 and they fit a bit too snug. When I tried them on (no sock), they fit fine, but when I wore a sock, not even a thick one, I was kicking myself for not ordering a 1/2 larger. They were so tight, my toes on my left foot went numb. So if you get these, my advice would be to go up at least 1/2 in size.
B00AW7M97S high-quality combat boots I wasn't a fan of combat boots at first, because I always thought you had to be certain person to match them, but when I saw them on the AE website, I knew I had to get them. Unfortunately, the price on AE.com was the original price of the boots on Timberland's website, so I looked on amazon and -voila!- they were much cheaper with an extra discount for selected boots during this time! I've always loved Timberland shoes -- been wearing them since I was little (those hiking shoes were my sneakers when I was little).I love that these boots are weather-proof for any kind of weather, rain or shine or snow or ice. The bottom of the shoe is fit for any activity and is thick to last. As other reviewers have said, the shoes do run tight, so if you want to wear thick socks with it, order a half size up or order in a wider size. The shoe, as you can see from the picture, also makes your feet lean more on the heel because of the curve of the toes. It's not a problem walking, it's nice and smooth, but when you're just standing, I feel like my toes were hovering off the ground. I love the adjustable laces and the buckle at the top, so if you have bigger calves, no worries, cause you can loosen them to your comfort. These boots have a high-quality look to them, with hard and thick leather, thick soles, and an overall more expensive look (much better than those Steve Madden boots I see in the stores with red zippers).I ordered in brown and got them in Tobacco Forty Leather, which was what I wanted. I was thinking about the Brown Forty Leather cause it looked fancy, but I heard that the woven leather was actually a red color, so a plain brown boot would be easier to match. The color in the picture is accurate, just imagine it without a spotlight, so there's a dark brush to it, but all in all, it is accurate.The seller is awesome! An extra box comes over top the shoe box, so you're guaranteed protection, and the shoes still have the paper stuffing inside and IT CAME SO EARLY!!! I ordered Friday night and got it Monday afternoon. It was almost like Prime even though I ordered regular shipping, so horray for that. I am very pleased with this product and the service provided.
B00AW7M97S They are a bit tight in the arch and toes I like the boot and I debated returning them, but I have worn them around the house to see if I can stretch the leather. They tend to be tight on the top of my foot and a bit narrow in the toe. Which I have never had a problem with shoes before, they usually don't fit around my calf comfortably. These are great around the calf due to the adjustment of laces, but I am hoping that I can get the top to adjust to my foot. I love the style of them and each time I put them on they do get a little more comfortable. I am not wearing them outside yet just in case they need to be returned.
B00AW7M97S Just what I wanted My boots arrived 2 days after I ordered them, always a plus.  They fit just as I expected, I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear to allow for heavy socks and they fit just perfect.  They are very good looking with jeans and I think will be equally great with skinny jeans or leggings.  I love that they not only zip up the side, but also you can adjust the fit with the laces.  Definitely a great boot.
B00AW7M97S Perfect boots! These boots fit like a glove and are very comfortable.  I wear size 7 and that's what I ordered.  Perfection!  Beautiful black leather.  I have small calves and I think might be tight around the calves if you have larger calves.  I love them!
B00AW7M97S High quality, stylish.. I just received these Timberland Savin Hill Mid Boots - size 8.5 in brown - a few days ago (earlier than expected).  They are exactly what I hoped they would be!  They were INSTANTLY comfortable, no break-in period needed.Material:  The leather is durable, but soft to the touch and easily conforms to your feet/legs.  The colour is quite similar to the picture - a rich red/brown with subtle natural leather markings.  The soles are rubber and provide lots of traction (but not for snow or ice).  These are very well-made boots, with obvious attention to detail.  I have no doubt they will last a very long time.Size/Fit:  True to size.  I am a very consistant 8.5 and these boots fit PERFECTLY in 8.5 regular width.  An 8 or 9 would definately not fit, but if I had to choose a full size it would be 8.  9's would look like skis since they already elongate the look of your feet a little.  NOTE - these are not made for wide feet.  My feet are average, maybe slightly on the narrow side and the boots fit very snuggly on the sides.  They do stretch a bit as I already have a little extra room and have only worn them for two full days.  At the widest point, the bottom sole measures 3 3/4 inches (reg width).  Order wide if you've ever needed wide width.I have rather thick, muscular calves (14.5" where the top of the boots rest, 16" at the widest point) and didn't have any issue fitting into them.  The laces and top buckle are fully adjustable and could be opened another inch without looking odd.  The top of the boots rest just below my thickest calf muscle.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone who is self-concious about their calves, since they will emphasize any lack of muscle tone ;)Style:  I usually dress more conservative/girly and prefer knee-high boots so I was worried that these were a little too 'combat' looking, however they can easily be dressed up or down.  They look great with skinny jeans, and I've already gotten quite a few compliments.  Will probably work with skirts and tall socks too.They are not waterproof, and not meant for cold tempuratures.  Good for daily wear and walking.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these to anyone.... but I hope they don't get too popular and lose their uniqueness :)  Overall, they are excellent quality, extremely comfortable, and very trendy!Hope this review helps.
B00AW7M97S Wonderful boots IF you have the right width! Based on other reviews about these boots running narrow, I purchased this boot in dark brown, 9.5 C/D, thinking it'd be fine, as I have other Timberlands in a 9.5M. No luck. While I could fit them, I wouldnt be able to wear it with anything but a thin sock - not what I want in a boot. I returned them for a 10 C/D, with much better results. The boots in wide fit like a medium, which is what I am 99.9% of the time. I imagine a medium in this boot would be extremely narrow.The color is a gorgeous, dark chocolate brown, and is kind in regard to scuffing. I have worn them out a few times already, they have adjusted to my feet nicely - not that it really needed it - they were comfy right from the get go. I am confident that they will age well, and that I will get my money's worth out of these boots. I am 5'7, and they stop right at my shin - not too short, not tall at all. I love the fact that I am able to adjust the laces and buckle to my personal preference, and the footbed is absolutely wonderful - I walked a couple miles on cobblestone, gravel, pavement and dirt paths (I am overseas) with no issues whatsoever.If you are looking for a boot in this style that is comfortable, beautiful, of excellent quality, AND backed by a reputable company, these are it. They are classic, and can be dressed in a variety of ways. Just be sure to  order the correct width for your feet. Happy walking!
B00AW7M97S Great Store I have no conplaints about the vendor.  The product was beautiful and Timberland is a great quality brand. I have tp return them cause they don't fit around the calf area.  I have 15 inch calves the opening is about 13 1/2.  I did try tp loosen them because ypu can...but it would be uncomfortable for me around calf area.  Sad to send them back.
B00AW7M97S Normal calves and these fit waaaaaay tooooo tiiiiight........ I ordered these boots from Amazon since Zappos didn't have my size 7B in stock and I was impatient.  How I wish I had waited!!  They arrived and are cute boots (I love the side zip for quick on & off).  HOWEVER, I put them on and they were snug in the footbed and TIGHT around my calves.  I loosened both the laces and the top strap but they were still tight enough to feel uncomfortable and pinch-y when I walked.  I've never had any problem with calf fit before, at their widest mine are 14.5&#34;.  Maybe all the cycling the past two seasons has made my calves more robust, but they don't look bigger to me.  So ladies--save yourself the trouble and if your calves aren't smaller than 14&#34; at their fullest....pick another style.  There is NO WAY you're tucking pants into these either, unless you have very thin legs.  Because of my impatience, I now get to pay return shipping to send these back to Amazon as well.  Sad.
B00AW7M97S Stylish and Well Made! I love thIs boot!  I had bought a pair for my daughter and when they arrived I was impressed with the quality and style.  Unfortunately they do not fit wide calves and do we had to return them.  The only reason I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I for the style of boot, there should be a way to adjust the calf room.
B00AW7RBGC Great boot in both Black & reddish Brown Bought the black boots and was surprised to find they fit perfectly and the quality is great, inside and out.  Super pleased.  But FYI, I then bought this exact same boot in Brown and it fit way too snugly across the top of my foot above the instep area. I'm a size 10 and a bit broad in this area so it wouldn't have been a big surprise except that I'd already bought its twin in Black.  I thought I'd need to return them but I walked around the house for 30 minutes and they improved a lot.  Decided to risk keeping them and so I went out and ran some errands and now they fit great. Still somewhat snug but no blisters or sore spots.  However I'm wearing them with nylon trouser knee-hi's. This works wonderfully because the inside of this boot is all lined with a tightly woven nylon mesh material. I wear my black boots with thin cotton ankle socks and that works great too. I fully expect my brown boots to fit as well as the black ones after a few wears.  Another key difference I noticed between the 2 is the outside finish.  The leather of the black ones crease in the usual way with wear.  But the creases don't show up and so the boots stay a bit dressy casual as they look in the photo.  The Brown ones, which are the more reddish brown version rather than the Dark Brown ones that actually look more light-medium brown to me, do crease.  A Lot and immediately.  I've never seen a boot do this before.  It almost seems like there's a coating on the surface specifically intended to make them look well-worn right away.  So if you want boots that within one day's wear will look like you've been mucking out horse stalls for a month like a real Western Gal, this is the boot for you. I almost feel like I now have to go buy a thick leather belt with a big silver buckle complete with a rock-sized piece of turquoise.  I kind of like that these 2 colors are the way they are. I was feeling guilty for buying the same boot in 2 colors but now they give me 2 totally different looks so I feel like I got a bonus.
B00AW7RBGC Comfortable platform , but... This shoe looked great out of the box and it fit my 10 narrow foot with orthotics in place. The construction seemed in line with typical Timberline quality.  But two things disappointed me:(1) the leg opening is HUGE.  I know that designers must allow for women with larger calves/ankles, but I could've fit both of my (average) lower calves/ankles in this boot. It gave a loose &#34;sloshing around&#34; effect, even though the foot part fit well.  It looks sloppy and I suspect you will not be warm in these boots. Even so, I MIGHT have considered keeping them, if not for the second defect:(2) the finish on the brown boots was defective. After a two-minute try-on there were huge pale creases over the vamp. It's clear that the boots will look trashed after a week of wear. Any boot that has been tried on once will look like this: used. I wonder what they will do to fix up returned boots for resale?Anyway, I was sorry to have to return a boot that fit.
B00AW8HF9Y Fit well aside from ankles. J I have small calves which is why I chose this boot. The calves are true to size which was great. However, the ankles were big- so they are going back.
B00AW8HF9Y Good boots These are what I expected. Easily worn with skinny jeans or tights. Also if you wear boot cut jeans, they will fit over them with no problem. I wanted a pair that I could wear through the rain/slush without wearing wellies or snow boots, so I think these will do just fine!I don't have big legs, but they are a little snug. So if you have a bigger more muscular leg, you may need a different boot.
B00AW8HF9Y Leather awfully stiff As other reviewers had mentioned, the leather is extremely stiff, especially in the ankle section of the boot.  I imagine it might have broken in over several wears but I actually found a different Timberland boot I liked better that didn't cause pain on my achilles and front of my ankle.  Very beautiful leather, great fit for narrow feet and thinner calves.  I think they might be uncomfortable for those ladies with more muscular calves or wide feet.  Fit was very true to size in length.  Quality construction, especially since they are waterproof.  Dark chocolate brown with nice burnished appearance to the toes and heels.  Just can't justify having several pairs of boots, even though I wanted to...
B00AW8HF9Y nice fit I was reluctant to buy these because of some negative reviews but they fit very nicely and I don't understand why people were complaining about the ankles.  Most boots are way too big around my calves - these were the smallest I could find without spending upwards of $500.  They are still a little too wide but okay with a thicker jean and very comfortable. I love that they are waterproof.
B00AW8HF9Y Couldn't zip them up comfortably I ordered them online and was SO excited when I opened them. They looked so cute and well made! My excitement quickly faded when I tried them on. I own 10+ pairs of boots and have tried on countless others and have never had any difficulty zipping them up/fitting my calf into them. I do not have big calves my any means but could barely zip them up. When I did finally get them zippered they were so tight the circulation was getting cut off in my lower leg. Then there was a ton of room in my ankle/foot yet my ankle bones were uncomfortably rubbing against the sides. These were the right "size" but not the right fit.Unless you have super skinny legs I would say try them on in a store first before ordering them. I love these boots but I don't think they can be broken in to be more comfortable so I will have to send them back :(
B00AW8HF9Y Quite stiff causing discomfort when new, but otherwise excellent quality These Timberland boots are very good quality brown suede leather, but have some inconveniences.  I have only worn them once (they are new) and found that they are quite stiff with extra leather (around the zipper) that folds in around ankle when you zip up the boots. I found that I need to wear heavy socks around the ankle to prevent the stiff leather from rubbing against my ankle and hurting me when I walk. Even with the socks, I feel the stiffness when I walk and by the end of the day, my ankles were aching.  They are form-fitted around the foot and ankle (correctly sized, not too small) with the zipper opening ending just at the ankle.  This stiffness and form-fitting/zipper construction make them difficult to put on, and especially to take off.  I have to sit down and pull hard to get them off.  I am hopeful that these inconveniences will lessen as the boots soften up with wear.On the positive side, they are good looking, very well made, and very sturdy.  They look like they will wear well.
B00AW8HF9Y Love this! I love this boot! It needs alittle breaking in, they are pretty stiff when you first put them on but after 3 or 4 wears they feel better already! So warm I didn't even need wool socks. Trudge through the snow or mud. The classic look goes with everything, dress them up or down! I have very thin calves so the fit is great, people with wider calves might want to go up a half size. The quality and stitching is beautiful! Definitely worth the money.
B00AW8HF9Y Too small in the calf I am not a large person. I'm 5'4&#34; and 118 lbs, I have never had an issue with boots not fitting my calves, but I could barely zip these up. They seem like very nice quality, but unfortunately I had to send them back. I am looking for something I can wear over skinny jeans on an upcoming trip to Ireland, and these are definitley not going to work. You can probably only wear these if you have smaller than normal calves.
B00AW8HF9Y The best i could find for small calves I have 12.5inch calf circumference. So it's hard for me to find boots that don't look like i'm wearing mommies galoshes. I got my actual size(8.5) and the calf was still about 1.5in too big(in skinny jeans). These won't work if you have large calves or wide feet(the heel is a little tight getting into the boot but once on is fine. However, i won't be able to wear thick socks or inserts. It looks like a quality boot, great tread and a little stiff(didn't want saggy boot) I like the look, just wish the calf was a little smaller but this is about as good as it gets for me so I'm keeping it.
B00AW8HF9Y Beautiful boot, unfortunately... I loved the color of this boot, the inside lining is cute. I really wanted to like these. The foot was fine, thankfully I heeded the advice of the other reviewers and ordered a half-size larger. BUT the opening was too tight and pinched at the opening. I don't consider my calves big or thick, either. When I've tried other boots on, the openings always fit well, but not these boots. Even with the gusset at the back, there is not much wiggle room for me.  Timberland had skinny-legged people in mind when they made these boots. Alas, I am returning these beauties for a different pair I can walk around in. I give it three stars because they are beautiful and quality-made.
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect for Small Calves I have very small calves and have trouble finding boots that actually fit them. These, gloriously, fit perfectly. My calves are 12.5&#34; with jeans so if you have larger calves I imagine that these would be too narrow. The foot bed is a little tighter than other boots that I have in the same size, but they are breaking in nicely. The lugged sole and waterproof leather make these perfect for the imminent upper Midwest winter.
B00AW8HF9Y Timberland Putnam knee high boots Love the boots they are very comfortable but alittle tight in the calf. If you have big calfs they will NOT zip up.
B00AW8HF9Y tall tight calf The overall comfort of the insole was not up to par.  It was hard and firm.  The shaft of the boot was tall and narrow, far less than enough for my 15.5&#34; calf, even with the rear elastic gusset.  The look of the boot was OK, but not as luxurious as I expected.
B00AW8HF9Y Putnam Boot This is a great boot! It has a classic styling which can be worn with casual clothes, such as jeans or leggings or it can be dressed up with a skirts, both short and long.The calf is definitely snug. I have 14&#34; calves and I just barely get them zipped up. I like the tread on the bottom, also. It's lug but not real bulky or clunky.I have received lots of compliments on them. These boots were really a good purchase.
B00AW8HF9Y Great fit that I can wear with anything Fits my calves well without any gaps. Comfortable while wearing tights, leggings and jeans. Versatile style, appropriate with dresses or jeans. Rubber soles are great for icy Chicago sidewalks.
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect winter boots that balance style and function I've been searching for the perfect winter boots forever. These are very high quality in my opinion. On the function side, I love that they are waterproof with a sturdy rubber sole that can handle icy pavement and cold snowy days in north idaho. I love the style which is a classic riding boot silhouette with just the right amount of rugged western vibe. The leather has an oiled finish so it is not shiny and will probably wear well with scuffs over time. They fit perfectly for me with skinny jeans or tights, and go with just about everything.they are not dressy but they are ideal for my casual lifestyle. The lack of ornamentation and trendy extras makes them a classic that I will wear for years. In terms of fit I followed other reviews saying they run small, so I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly with normal boot socks. They are a little stiff in the ankle area, but are overall quite comfortable. I can't feel the cold through the ground like I can through other boots. If I could own just one pair of fall/winter boots, these are the ones I would pick.
B00AW8HF9Y A practical buy. Good for the dog park and nice enough for work. I like these boots a lot so far. I can see why someone with a larger calf may have found them snug, but this is not an issue for me. In fact, I appreciate that they're a little snugger, but not too snug so that I can still wear them over pants. I like the grip but they're not quite warm enough for snow, as there's no insulation, which is not necessarily a bad thing since they can be worn when it's a little warmer out. I wore them to the muddy, wet dog park today, and after wiping them with a towel they're clean again. That's a major plus.I suppose the only minor disappointment I have is that the leather looks almost like suede, which is not a look I personally adore. Still a nice boot though. They are definitely more of the practical ilk, rather than dressy.
B00AW8HF9Y Happy x2!! Originally ordered this boot for my daughter who needed a weather-proof but stylish boot for school. She is 5'4&#34; and very slinder and always had trouble with boots being way too big around the calf. These are not tight on her but are definitely not floppy at the calf. They hit her just at the bottom of her knee. She wears a size 7.5 to 8 and we ordered the 8 after reading reviews. She can wear a heavy weight sock comfortably in them. She absolutely loved them and wore them out of the box with no issues with stiffness or discomfort. She was so happy that I then ordered a pair for myself. I am 5'7&#34; and have a much more athletic build than my daughter. The boots are snug around the calf but not tight, and I can wear them comfortably with leggings or skinny jeans (anything bulkier would be difficult). They hit about 2 inches below the bottom of my knee. I wear a size 10 almost without exception and ordered a size 10 with some worry they would be small. But I am thrilled - they fit perfectly, even with an athletic sock. I have had no issues with stiffness or discomfort around the ankle. The boot is warm and weather proof - just as advertised, and the color is exactly as pictured online... a somewhat suede finish with a slightly &#34;shinier&#34; finish around the toe. I have worn with skinny jeans and with tights and a skirt and love them with both.
B00AW8HF9Y Great boots! I went back and forth trying to decide whether to buy these boots for weeks. Finally I went ahead and ordered the brown pair. They are beautiful! Casual looking but very classic. I don't like boots with a lot of frills and buckles on them so these were perfect. And yes, they are narrow in the ankle and calf area, but most boots I tried on this winter were way too loose in the calf and looked like waders on me. The heel height is just right and the material is great....They don't make a clicking sound with every step you take.The sizing does run a little small so I did order a half size up and they fit just fine. Most leather boots need to be &#34;broken in&#34; to be really comfortable anyway.I can forsee getting a lot of wear out of these boots next year, and if the black ones are still available in my size, I may just snap them up too.
B00AW8HF9Y Love these boots! I wear an 81/2 with skinny ankles and calves. A lot of boots are way too wide in the leg for me but these are perfect! Very comfortable for all day wear and very well made!
B00AW8HF9Y Finiky I am going to give these another shot. The leather is amazing and the boot seems structurally sound, but the fit is weird. I am usually a 7.5-8 with a 14.5&#34; calf, so from reading the other posts I ordered an 8. The 8 foot was way to big, but the calf just barely fit. I am going to exchange for a 7.5 and am going to attempt to stretch out the calf. Since it's real leather, stretching it should not be an issue, as this will also happen by itself with time.Would not recommend for a wide calf, otherwise I'm hopeful for the next time around/
B00AW8HF9Y The calf circumference was too large I saw online at Nordstrom that these were 13 3/4 inch circumference around the calf, so I thought I had found the perfect boot. WRONG! I was so disappointed because I loved the way they looked, but the circumference on my size 8.5 boot was 15 inches. Way too big for my 13 inch calf. I'm not really sure why people complained about the ankle being stiff, unless they just didn't take the cardboard insert out (which I didn't see at first). Anyways, it was a cute plain boot, but just too big around the calf for me so they had to go back. In addition, I thought that the zipper felt really cheap. It did not zip up easy at all.
B00AW8HF9Y Very narrow. I love Timberland's and was really excited about this purchase. Unfortunately I am unable to wear these. The boots are very tall and there isn't any stretch around the calf area. I am a runner and I am unable to zip the boots over my calves. Boo!
B00AW8HF9Y Great quality, price and fit! I have been on the hunt all Fall & Winter for real leather boots that didn't cost a fortune. I wanted them to be simple, dark and versatile&#8230;I found all of that in these!As for sizing, I wear either a 9 or 9 1/2 depending on the style. Given the previous reviews I went with the 9 1/2 and they fit perfectly! The calves are snug, not tight. I like that because it prevents ankle sagging/bunching. To put the &#34;snug&#34; in perspective: I wear a size 10 in clothes, run and CrossFit 3-4 times a week so I am not skinny but I definitely have muscular calves. They fit over skinny jeans no problem. In fact there is a 2&#34; elastic at the top to accommodate our calves, jeans and socks.The boot is stiff, which again I like because it prevents the dreaded ankle bunching. You will need to wear thick socks the first few times to break them in. I wore a thin pair the third time and they did chafe the skin at my ankle bones. I don't ever wear boots (until now) so this may have happened no matter what boots I purchased.I have only worn them for 4-6 hour stretches so I can't say for sure if I would wear them all day to work if I was on my feet the entire time. Other than the ankle rubbing, my feet haven't been sore.I would buy these again in a heartbeat! You won't be able to find another real leather boot for under $100 that looks this good.
B00AW8HF9Y Love but... I couldn't get the zipper up on my calves...n I don't have large ones! so this is definitely for those who have small calves...but my foot fit perfectly...sending back unfortunately
B00AW8HF9Y Skinny calve girls rejoice! I have always had a hard time finding tall boots that fit my skinny legs. I have bought numerous pairs of different brands and styles and always had to send them back because the opening  at the top was huge and looked funny. After literally months of looking my search has finally ended. I LOVE these boots!! They look great with everything and they feel great on. I have only owned them for three days but I don't want to take them off. I can see why others have written about breaking them in - I get the sense they'll get better after you break them in a bit. I would definitely recommend them and the price is amazing.
B00AW8J5RE I love these boots and get many compliments on them.  I like the fit however, the right boot seems a bit wider than the left. I typically where a 7 1/2 or an 8.  I chose an 8 because I was told they fit a bit snug at first and the 8 gives me a little more wiggle room and I can wear heavier socks if i choose.
B00AW8J5RE Great Fit, Comfort and Style I love this boot -- just moved to NYC from San Francisco and needed a boot I could wear from the snow into my office and still look good. This boot does the trick. Based on other reviews, I ordered both the size I typically wear and another 1/2 larger. It fit true to size and even allowed room for my custom inserts. The oiled leather keeps the elements out and allows for the boots to stretch to my foot and ankle. I like that it comes with two sets of laces (green and brown) to provide different styling options. These are my go-to boots whether I'm wearing my rolled-cuff boyfriend jeans or a skirt with tights and get compliments all the time.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful,  Rich,  Classy These boots are beautifully made, classy looking and leather is rich.  Truth is, I purchased these and a pair of Fryes.  Kept these.  Leather was richer looking.  Fit was better.  For 200 dollars more I could not justify the cost of the Frye brand.  They were nice but fit was not as good and comfort did not equal these.  Didn't really want a zipper boot but these do have a brass zipper and it is really nice when tucking in regular leg jeans.  Fit is pretty snug at first but after wearing an hour started forming to foot.  Length right on for sizing.
B00AW8JG9G Love these already!! I just received these today and they are absolutely beautiful!! Such a good deal, under $105 with shipping,  for amazing, well made leather boots! They are comfortable also. They will take a little time to get softer and worn in but that is fine with me. One thing to consider when ordering is that they do fit snug on the calf, although they have 3 snaps to loosen or tighten the calf area, if you have big calfs these probably won't work for you. Other than that they are absolutely perfect!
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful boot that's just a tad too small I've swapped out 7.5 for a size 8 and now it's perfect. It's true to size for the rest like shaft circumference, leather's soft and stretches as expected. Sole does have texture, but appears smooth from the side as the texture is recessed. There is a piece of hard cardboard that sits in the very toe of the boot that I almost missed taking out when first trying them on, and I wonder if some of the complaints about it being hard to get your foot in might relate to that?The only thing I do wish is that it'd be more snug between the ankle and calf so you get that nice curve in profile, but considering I've spent the past 2 years trying to find a nice pair of boots this a small aesthetic issue I can deal with.
B00AW8JG9G Runs narrow I love the look and feel of this boot!!!!! They really appeared beautiful and exactly what I wanted.So I ordered a 6.5 and a sizes 7 since I want to wear a heavier sock and use a partial orthodtc. My shoe size is typically  6 or 6.5 . I wear a Dansko size 36 or a 37 if I want to wear a heavier sock.The shaft fit well even with skinny jeans tucked in. I am 5' 3" and have 14.5" athletic calves. Unfortunately the boots run quite narrow!!! The length fit me well in the 6.5 and the 7. But due to my high arch there was not enough room and I found them too uncomfortably narrow at the top of my arch.  I also did not like the boot sole.  I wanted a more aggressive vibram/ lugged sole since I live in a mountain town with  5 months of winter weather. So sadly I had to return them. I found the Timberlake Earthkeeper to fit  my needs. I love the boot since it has the vibram sole and I can get my skinny jean inside. I ordered a 7 and a 7.5. I kept the size 7 . It is quite roomy. I probably should have tried the 6.5 I think it would have worked well since this boots seems to be wider. I love the suede  shank and have had numerous compliments.I used the Amazon Prime and  both pair arrived in 2 days :-)).  Amazon credited back my account the same day I returned them. Thank you Amazon for being such a great company,
B00AW8JG9G Amazing price for this quality I had a plainer version of this boot that I completely wore out after 5 yrs, so when looking to replace them I found this style with the attractive details up the back and across the strap. The leather on the Timberland boots is thick but very soft, and the boots felt comfortable from the moment I put them on. They are not dainty; they have a chunky heel, but aren't heavy clod-hoppers. I don't find them baggy at the ankles; they are nicely shaped but not form fitted.  I'm 5'9&#34;, 140 lbs, and they come to the top of my calf, not really my knee... and are roomy without being too big.
B00AW8JG9G These Timberland Boots are VERY Comfortable and Stylish to Boot... Pun intended! :) I LOVE these boots!! After trying them on in Nordstrom's (where they were priced at $220) I searched for them on Amazon and was SO happy that they had them!  They are beautifully constructed, comfortable and very warm!  I have a wide calf and was happy that I was able to adjust the tab on the side to the last hole and they fit comfortably on my calves.  The brown leather is beautiful and natural looking, not shiny!  The rubber sole adds to the comfort and they are quiet when I walk on hardwood floors.  The only &#34;Con&#34; that I found is that the first 2-3 times that I wore them the leather did rub and aggravate my lower shins.  Because it's not a cheap thin leather but a nice thick quality leather.  But now that I've broken them in they no longer hurt my lower legs.  I loved these boots so much that I ordered them in black as well!  I received the black ones today and I'm hoping they are as comfortable as the brown ones.  THANK YOU AMAZON!!!
B00AW8JG9G timberland boots The shaft is so tight not expected but otherwise so good quality and perfect made but with using the. Leather of the shaft become loose
B00AW8JG9G Love this boot! Holy hell - I love my new boots! At first I was slightly concerned with how they fit in the calf (a wee bit tight) but as I've been wearing them they have started to mold to my shapely calf and I now can't wear them enough! I've already worn them around the office (and gotten many compliments) as well as around the city and these babies just keep getting better! Solid, solid, pair of boots. Timberland just does it so right.
B00AW8JG9G love the boot very nice boot, doesnt fit me, its too tight in the calves, even with the buckle loosened. my calves are 16 in in diameter.
B00AW8JG9G Narrow calf I would have loved it had it fit my calves a little better and being shorter it was large around the ankles and too tight in the calves.  I wanted to wear with thicker socks and skinny jeans and needed more wiggle room.  Nice leather and cute looking but just too tight.  Wish they had a wide calf version and it would have been perfect.
B00AW8JG9G On the more casual side, but the black color does dress it up a bit I have a decent sized toe area, high arch, smaller ish ankle, and athletic calf (15&#34;).  These fit quite nicely.  I can wear skinny type jeans or leggings underneath without a problem.  I love the detail up the back.  They are definitely on the more casual side of dressy casual, but the black color puts them in a category much different than the brown IMO.  Brown looks like a riding boot - cowboy ish.  These you can pull off with something a bit dressy, just not super sleek.  I hope this helps someone who's shopping.  The detailing makes them look unlike what every other person is sporting around, while still having the interest up the back that some styles accomplish with zippers and whatnot.  They are a solid choice for a go-to boot for many different scenarios.  If you're getting dressed up, you'd probably want a higher heal, anyway.  I'm the pickiest person alive, just about, and I love them!  Leather seems like a great quality.  Comfortable out of the box.  And, they even fit my sometimes hard-to-fit self.  For reference, I'm 5' 3&#34;.  They are not HIGH type style, either.  Just high enough.
B00AW8JG9G Love this boot I haven't worn them yet, but only tried them on home. Felt very comfortable. Ordered half size up (8.5 vs 8 as usual), and comfortable with a bit space inside that may accommodate thick socks or additional insole when needed. Good quality of the leather and shoe make. It would be ideal if the shaft could be a bit longer (closer to the knee as claimed). Nevertheless, as I love this boot (brown one), will keep it.
B00AW8JG9G Nice walking or riding boot. Very comfortable boot. All Timberland shoes/ boots run a half size large. That just means I don't have to break them in.Or perhaps they fit right! The leather is quality. The sole is very sturdy. If it ever wears out it could very easily be fixed by a shoemaker. The buckle on the side has 3 holes for a comfortable size/fit. The side zipper makes it easy to pull the boots on and off. I wear a size 10 (9 1/2) and this boot still fits my calves.
B00AW8JG9G Best boots, Best fit, Best service I love these boots. I was hesitant to order because I have a high instep and thought these boots would be too tight. But, I was wrong. The boots fit perfect. I wore them right out of the box for over 10 hours and they never hurt my feet. I am 5'3" and the top of the boot hits right below my knee. Perfect fit. I wear a size 6B and that is what I ordered. I can wear them under jeans or with jeans tucked in, it does not matter, the shaft hugs my leg either way. And, if you are unsure of the shaft fit, you can adjust the closure on the top of the shaft. It has three holes for sizing. The color I ordered was the dark brown and it is a beautiful reddish brown. These boots have a rich leather that is soft to the touch. There is detail up the back seam of the shaft, suede leather braid look...this is also across the front of the boot with the buckle. Just beautiful. The buckle across the front is adjustable with three holes. The zipper is tarnished gold metal, again just beautiful. I cannot brag enough about this boot. And even at Christmas time, it took less than a week for Amazon to ship them to me. Thank you Amazon for your amazing shipping and customer service. I give Amazon 10 Stars **********!!!
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot!! I have a pair in brown and never had  to break them in Very comfortable I wear a size 6 1/2 butbought a 7 and they are a good fit allowing a little thicker sock in winter. A little tight in the calfbut stretch out after being worn a couple of times. Love these boots!!
B00AW8JG9G Finally!!! Finally a boot that fits my 15&#34; athletic calves!!  I have always had trouble finding boots that fit around my calves and based on one of the reviews from another guest with large calves, I figured I would give it a try.  I normally wear an 8 1/2, but in running shoes I wear a 9, so I decided to go with the 9 in the boots, they were perfect, not tight anywhere on the foot, no slippage on the heel.  Wore it all day and it was pure comfort.  I could actually wear skinny jeans and boots now!  It is so nice to have the zipper, makes it so much easier for jeans!! The leather is beautiful--doesn't look cheap!!
B00AW8JG9G Excellent These boots were great. I really loved them! Super comfy, great price. The boot shaft wasn't too big, I have slim calves so these were perfect for me.
B00AW8JG9G Timberland never fails to meet expectations! These boots fit like a glove!  I needed a 10 and they are a fabulous fit.  They look like quality and the color is just as it appears in the picture.  I don't think you could find a better quality boot.  There is no break-in period, even though they are a heavy leather.  You  won't be disappointed with these boots!!
B00AW8JG9G Great matte leather boots Very comfortable matte leather boots. I wear a size 9.5 but had mixed feelings based on some of the reviews I read so I got a size 10 as well. The 9.5 fit perfectly. My foot is narrow and they fit well. The rubber heel is very comfortable and quiet. After wearing them for almost 2 weeks non stop, I didn't have any blisters or pain. The leather did stretched so now they feel a bit loose. I simply added a foam insert which fixed the problem. I'm not sure if the size 9 would have been better. The piece around the calf is adjustable which allowed me to tighten it.  Inside the boot there is a pretty satin lining in a dark blue and white floral pattern, it gives it a feminine touch. The only reproach I would make is that they aren't quite knee high boots. But overall, these are great and durable boots!
B00AW8JG9G Not for very slim calves Despite the reviews, these boots are ridiculously large for my slim calves (huge gap). If you're very slim like me (ie size 0) these boots are not for you. They are also too stiff for my liking and I don't find them comfortable to walk in-- it crinkles a lot around the ankles, which looks ugly.
B00AW8JG9G Not knee high These boots are not knee high as described unless I was shipped the wrong boot.  I am 5'5&#34; and these boots only came to the top of my calf which is fine if that's what you like, I wanted knee high so I will be returning them.
B00AW8JG9G Not for me The fit was not comfortable for me.  The boots were very stiff and cut into the area around my ankle.  Because they are cut to stop in an odd place around the calf, it makes the calves look big.  Not something I want.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful boot but just not for me Let me start by saying that this boot is beautiful! The leather and style are great! However, I found this boot to fit a little larger than other Timberland boots--in the foot and calf. I usually always wear an 8 in most brands, but the sizing for Timberland seems to be all over the place. I have two pairs of the Timberland Rudston boots and wear an 8 in those. They were a little snug in the foot at first but now they are fine. I have also tried on the Timberland Stratham Heights boots. I ordered an 8.5 in those, but they were way too tight!Also, it says they are 14-inch circumference, but I think they are a little bigger--even on the tightest/smallest setting. They seemed to be bulky even with jeans and thicker knee high socks--and my calves are 13.5 inches.
B00AW8JG9G Love  . . . The color of these boots is not as rich as they look in the photo, if they were I would have kept them. They are a little narrow in the toe area, I have skinny feet and think I should have ordered a 7.5 instead of a 7. The calf fit my leg perfect, I have 12.5&#34; calfs.
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot Even For My Problem Feet! I ordered these 1/2 size up, and the fit is great.  Since these did not come in a wide width, I ordered an 8 1/2, and the fit is good.  It is not tight on my bunion, the calf is perfect, and the heel slides a little as with most good boots.  If you do not have foot problems, such as bunions, you can probably order your normal size.  Amazon has the best price on these with the 25% off!  Everyone else has them for $220.  Get them while you can.  For reference, I am 5'5&#34;, 120 lbs., and I found the calves to be fine on me.  I can even tuck in skinny jeans.  I work out every day, but apparently do not have thick, muscular calves!  If your calves are very muscular, these may be snug.  Worth a try.
B00AW8JG9G Gorgeous boot, but calf size is a little off Purchased this boot for my teenage daughter who has small calves, about 12.75".  I had a heck of a time trying to find tall real leather riding boots that were brown, had some kind of decorative appeal (buckle), and didn't cost over $200.  Even though these boots are still a little big in the calf with skinny jeans on, she decided it wasn't too much slack to return them.What I liked about these boots is that the strap at the top of the boot allows for some adjustment.  When they arrived they were at the loosest setting, but I changed it over to the tightest (3 holes).  Overall, the quality and design of the boots I give 5 stars.  The reason for 4 is because it is advertised for a 13" calf and I didn't think that was really accurate.  (Since time of purchase, it appears the advertising has been changed to 14" opening, but it doesn't say which notch level.  I assume it is the loosest notch since that's how it arrived to us.)
B00AW8JG9G GREAT BOOT!!!! Nice leather.... A beautiful and very well constructed boot and very nice leather. Having said that it is a it snug but I believe after a few days they will ease up.  They are sized perfect but I ride motorcycles and like to wear long socks with solid structure and somehow boot feel snug in foot...but not too tight for me to return.  These boots are beautiful.
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots!!!! I received these in the mail today and I love them!!! They're very high quality leather and fit true to size. I wear a size 11 and ordered the regular width and the calf is perfect. I was worried after reading some reviews that the calves were going to be narrow but they fit my 16" calves just fine over skinny jeans, leggings, and tights. I would definitely recommend these boots!!
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful boot! I have skinny calves, and finding boots that fit at the calf proves to be quite difficult.  These boots have a buckle/button which when placed on the last notch were perfect...not too loose and not too tight!  I ordered my typical size.The style and color are outstanding!  The tobacco color is just what I was looking for, and the buckle detailing add just enough "wow" factor.Lastly, they are comfortable.  Typically, a person can tell from the get go whether a boot/shoe will be comfortable.  These felt great from the moment I slipped them on.  These are well worth the sale price!
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot for the $ Love this boot.  I am usually a 9 - 9.5 in shoes.  I ordered this in a 9.5-10. The 9.5 is a little small so I am keeping the 10s.  I would say I have average sized calves - I work out, but I don't play soccer type of average.  There is room for thin jeans or leggings.  There is not an excessive amount of room though.
B00AW8JG9G The measurements are off, but its still a great boot. This is a very comfortable boot, the soles are fantastic.  I bought them in both the black and the tobacco. I decided to keep the black ones only, as while the tobacco are a nice color, they are more of a distressed leather look, and I happened to like the glossy black ones better-they looked much sleeker.  They both fit exactly the same, however, note that the measurements on amazon are misleading!  When I tried them on, they fit snugly at the calf which was surprising because I bought them knowing I can usually fit into a 14" opening with no problems with some room for skinny jeans.  These boots however were a bit tight, and I do not have a very athletic calf.  Turns out the opening is 13" not 14", which makes a big difference! I am still going to keep them, and hope that the leather stretches a little with wear.10/25/13 Update:  I changed my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  I love these boots.  The first couple times they were very stiff and I thought I had made a mistake buying them, but after going on vacation and wearing them all week long, they have finally broken in and now they fit perfectly! It was totally worth it,  I am even considering getting rid of my older pair of black boots.  One note, I think these sole are comfortable, but I am also used to only wearing ballet flats which have absolutely no support.  If you are used to a lot of support, I think adding an insole to these boots would be a good idea.
B00AW8JG9G Finally a boot that fits my skinny legs!!! I've been searching for boots that fit my narrow calves for the better part of three years! These fit well for two reasons: the calf circumference is adjustable with a highly functional button flat at top opening; the boots are made of a stiff, high quality leather similar to Frye boots. WhileThe boots are more on the casual chic side, they can still be paired with a skirt and tights. Only issue with Amazon, was that one boot was folded over and slightly damaged upon
B00AW8JG9G So cute! These boots are comfortable and fit great.  They have a little tab at the top to let you adjust how snug you want the tops to be.  I have bigger calves so it worked great for me.  They are a more casual boot and look great with more dresses, jeans or skirts.
B00AW8JG9G ANOTHER GREAT TIMBERLAND BOOT These felt great as soon as I put them on.  No blisters, felt like I have had them forever.  I wear them all the time, they are my new go to boots.  I still have room to tuck in my jeans , but just barely,  They are pretty tight fitting around the calf.  These say they are leather in Amazon description, but there is nothing on the box or boot that says they are.  However they are very nice looking high quality boots.  They fit true to size.  They look like FRYE without the big price tag.
B00AW8JG9G Sent it back Boots fit the foot area, but could not fit my calves. Sent boot back. I love that Amazon makes it easy to do returns.
B00AW8JG9G Love the boots!! I can't believe how well these boots fit me.  They are very comfortable.  I like the cushioned insoles.  Leather is soft.  Boot shafts are just the right height for me.  I am 62&#34; tall.  I like the way that I can adjust the calf circumference to make them fit better.  They are not too chunky.  Fit me like gloves.
B00AW8JG9G Nice boot Beautiful, quality boot. Looks great with jeans and dresses. I would give it a 5 if the calf circumference were about an inch less, but they do at least have the buckle at the top to tighten it. With the buckle on the smallest setting, they work nicely for my 13in calf. The foot part of the boot is true to size. I ordered an 8.
B00AW8JG9G Very comfortable and a great fit Love these boots.  They're comfortable to walk around in all day.  Unless you have really skinny calves, then you would most likely have to wear with skinny or straight jeans, otherwise would not fit.  I have an athletic type build and these boots fit well with skinny jeans.  Very little break in time and great color.  I've only had mine for about 2 months, so can't say how well they'll hold up, but the quality seems good.  Would definitely recommend!
B00AW8JG9G I have muscular calves so I bought the wide width I do not think the width was sufficient on the foot either because that fit snug as well. When you get older your feet get wider we need a fit that's more comfortable.  The boots are very nice though so I am contemplating keeping them. Just trying to figure out a way to thin my calves and feet!
B00AW8JG9G Love these!!! Great boots!  True to size!  I was nervous with all the mention of tight on calf.  They are fine on me.  I dont have skinny calves, I have a muscular calf and I can wear with jeans tucked in.  Definitely a quality boot!  Really nicely made!  I am so happy with my purchase!  Thanks Amazon!  They were at my doorstep in a few days!  :  )
B00AW8JG9G Bought a 1/2 size larger than Normally wear I just got my first pair of BOOTS for fashion,  (but practical too)!  I love them. Comfortable, stylish, and did I say comfortable? I got 1/2 size larger because of two previous foot surgeries and the toe box is perfect which was a must for me. I am only 5' but the height of the boot is not too tall.  Love the adjustable tab b/c I have small legs so I could snug them up. Beautiful leather and details up the back of the boot with the buckle on the side finish the 5 star rating!  Getting compliments too!! : )
B00AW8JG9G Fantastic These boots are everything that I've been looking for...finally!  Nice quality leather.  I particularly like the adjustable straps at the top of the calf since I have somewhat thin calves.
B00AW8JG9G Great Boots! I purchased these boots after I purchased/returned the Timberland Earthkeeper Bethel boots- the shaft was too saggy and I was looking for a sturdier pair.  After combing through hundreds of pairs, I decided to take the plunge and purchase these.  I just received them today and I love them!  They fit true to size, the shaft is made of leather so it doesn't sag, and the shaft fits my calves well, and the color is exactly like shown in the pictures.  I have somewhat athletic legs- 15&#34; calves- and they fit fine.  I could stand the shaft to be a tad bit smaller, but the buckle at the top allows for some adjustment.  The color is beautiful and the leather is very nice quality- much better than many of the other boots I've seen.  I've not worn them for a long period of time, but feel that they would be fairly comfortable to wear all day.  I came across these boots on an earlier search, but hated to pay $140.  Ultimately I sucked it up because I  know that if I want high quality boots it's going to cost, and I hadn't found any that I liked as much.  This is my 3rd pair of Timberlands, and because of the comfort and quality of their products, I always look to this brand for new boots.
B00AW8JG9G WORTH THE SEARCH! I have been on a exhaustive search for the perfect boots and I have found them!  They are lovely from the moment you open the box.  They fit true to size.  As this means different things to different people I will explain.  I wear a size 8 in every shoe I have yet a size 7 in Ariat boots and a 7.5 in Ralph Laurens.  Yes, I do have a good collection :)  Timberland Savin boot are the perfect size 8 fit for me.  They are good quality leather that is soft and expensive looking. I wore these boots for 8 hours the first day and they felt like slippers. No rubbing, no stiffness.  They are the first pair of boots I have owned that are great in the calf with jeans or tights as you can adjust the sides. The detailing is done in a classy way and adds, rather than distracts, to the quality of the boot.I will order a brown pair of this same boot the second I can find them!  Well Done Timberland. The year long search was worth the wait!
B00AW8JG9G Ok boots The boots look great, however they are a little loose in the heel (and tight in the toes). Hoping they will break in/stretch in the toe section with a little wear....Still a nice boot.
B00AW8JG9G Great value...beautiful leather Great value and the leather is beautiful. Looked at buying Fryes and liked these more. So happy with my purchase. They were a little snug in the calves at first but quickly the leather softened and fit awesome.
B00AW8JG9G Great buy! I love these boots, I would recommend them if you are looking for a high quality leather boot. Fits true to size.
B00AW8JG9G Great quality boot, will not find a better price! Love these boots! I have bigger calfs and feel these fit well. Top is adjustable for a tighter, looser fit. Very nice leather, better quality than many I've seen at stores. Can dress up or down very versatile. Cheaper than other websites, thanks Amazon. Super fast shipping, 2 days really!
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots! I am petite and have been looking long and hard for a great pair of boots that fit me well! These are so well made and have very nice detailing that doesn't show online. There are adjustments for the calf but if you have smaller calves I think you will relly like these. So glad I invested a little more to get a well made, versatile boot! Can't wait to start wearing them!
B00AW8JG9G Great looking boot but didn't fit I was disappointed that neither the 8.5 nor 8 fit.  In both sizes I had a lot of slippage in the heel.  I have a narrow heel, so knee high boots may not work for me.  The 8.5 did fit better than the 8 in the calf.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful boots but Loved the quality of the boots.  Based on other reviews thought I could wear these as I have bigger calves.  Would not even begin to zip up.  Had to send back.
B00AW8JG9G Love it! So after doing a ton of research and reading virtually every review (on multiple websites) for similar boots, I decided to order the Timberland Savin Hill's. Let me preface this by saying that I did measure my calves (15"), but I loved the look so much I decided to take a gamble, knowing I could return them at no cost via Amazon Prime. So, here's my feedback based on now having worn the boots for several days. First, the boots were not stiff at all in the ankles. Like others suggested, I can only imagine some people were not aware of the stiff cardboard insert and therefore, failed to remove them. Second, while they were snug around my calves at first, they quickly stretched enough to allow me to comfortably tuck jeans, as opposed to just thinner leggings. Third, the boots are true to size. I typically wear 8-8.5. I decided to go with an 8.5W, because of some reports about the boot being narrow. While I probably should have ordered a 9W to allow for thicker socks, the boots are so warm, its not an issue at all....and I live in Wisconsin, where the temperature is currently near 0, and the wind chill is much lower. Finally, the boots are so incredibly comfortable. They're perfect for walking around and get more comfy with each wear. My Timberlands will not be going back!
B00AW8JG9G pricey but worth it I read a lot of reviews before ordering these. I was looking for a fashionable yet functional tall LEATHER boot. These fit the bill. They fit correctly and are comfortable.
B00AW8JG9G Good Looking Boot I really like the leather and the detailing on this boot. I bought it in the Tobacco. They did fit a bit snug around my calves when I first tried them on with jeans so I wore them with leggings the first time out for the day and they fit well.  I'm size 7M with 14.5 in calves, for reference. By the end of the day, they seem to have stretched a bit. I can wear them with jeans but they're snug, just before being uncomfortable. Hopefully, they will stretch a bit more.All-in-all, I'm glad I purchased these, they're a nice addition to my wardrobe.
B00AW8JG9G Adorable! I have small 13" calves but these fit great, and they're adjustable! They're not snug, but it works with the look, and they definitely don't swim on me like most boots do. The buckle, the way the boot goes up higher on one side, and the back stitching are adorable. You can definitely wear these with dressy clothes, or jeans or leggings. I own the EarthKeeper boots also, and I dare say these are more comfortable and cuter!
B00AW8JG9G Great boot! This boot sells for $220 on Zappos- it was a great buy here for $133!! It has character, and felt comfortable out of the box.  I like the wood stacked heel, and soft, quality feel and look of the leather. I usually wear a 9 to 9.5 and the 9.5 fit just fine with medium socks. I have medium  muscular calves, and the fit was perfect. The strap at the calf allows a little adjustment. The height- they come a couple inches shy of the knee, allowing a pair of high knee highs to be rolled or worn up to the knee; or tuck skinny jeans or leggings in.
B00AW8JG9G Very happy with Fits perfectly, only took wearing them once to stretch out the top enough to zip all the way up. My calf size is 14'. Very comfortable.
B00AW8JG9G Best everyday boots I love these boots. They are tremendously comfortable. I have athletic calves and the adjustements allow for a perfect fit. If you have very thin calves, they may be roomy.
B00AW8JG9G Overall, a good pair of boots, but a bit over-priced! These aren't the most comfortable boots I've ever worn. There isn't much in the way of arch support, so if you need that as I do, plan on using shoe inserts. They are a bit on the stiff side, but as a result they don't droop around the ankle. The black is somewhat shiny, but not a lot. They are closer to having a matte or eggshell shine. The calf size can be adjusted slightly. The tab was originally adjusted to the middle position (2nd of 3), so I was able to tighten the boots to fit my calves. I don't know how big the largest calf size would be, but the smallest for these boots is about 14 1/2.&#34; The zipper is full-length and not a &#34;for-looks-only&#34; zipper (which I just don't get)! The outer side of the boots are slightly higher than the inner (inner-thigh side vs. outer-thigh side).  These are over-priced in my opinion, but I'm just so tired of looking! Overall, I like the looks of the boots and they fit most of the wants I had for a pair of casual, low-heeled, black boots, even though I think they are somewhat over-priced and offer NO arch support whatsoever!
B00AW8JG9G Great looking boots! As with every Timberland product I own, these boots are top-shelf quality! They fit a little snug at first, but that's to be expected with leather sometimes. They are true to size and I would recommend them to a friend. If you can get these on sale, it's even better!
B00AW8JG9G I ADORE MY BOOTS!!!! I seriously wear these with everything - at least 2-4 days / week. I got them in November and its now January.... I dance in them.... a LOT sometimes on mud and dirt and they are holding up fabulously. A few scuffs never hurt anyone....I think they just make them look more &#34;lived in&#34; I WOULD recommend treating them with leather oil before you wear them and then periodically afterwards just to keep them supple and healthy. They are comfortable (once you break them in of course) and give my calves plenty of room (granted.... I'm not a runner so I don't have super great calves). I usually wear an 8.5 so that's what I ordered and they fit as expected. I am able to wear thick wool socks with them, so that's nice. My feet don't get too sweaty or smelly in these, compared to other boots I've had in the past (although a little moisture is to be expected if you're active in them all day) The only other pair of semi-expensive leather boots I've ever bought were from Macy's or Nordstrom or something and they pooped out after about 2 years, so I'm hoping these will last me a little longer. Will keep ya'll posted on how they hold up! So far....THESE BOOTS ROCK!
B00AW8JG9G Nice boots I'm glad I got these boots. I find they fit true to size, just slightly loose in the heel area.They have just the right amount of embellishment without being too busy. Look dressed and bad-ass at the same time. Love the tab in the calf area. I don't need to adjust them, but it's a nice feature.I do want to echo some other reviews and point out these are not to-the-knee boots.  I am 5-5, they hit about 3 inches below the knee. So more of a Western boot silhouette.Docking one star because not made in USA.
B00AW8JG9G Quality boots I am pleased with the quality as well as a nice tobacco color of the boots. It never goes wrong with Timberland standard. However, the calf opening was too wide for my legs that made them look bigger. I ended up getting them returned. Thankfully, Amazon has have a wonderful service and quick refund process.
B00AW8JG9G good boots i am 4'11'', 105 lbs,normally wear wide size 5. these boots do not carry size 5. the regular size 5.5 is fine to me, cause tall boots will not fall out like ballet flats. the lowest parts of the boots hit at about one and half inches below my knees. the highest parts(which are the sides of the boots) reach right below my knees..i am satisfied with the height. the black color is beautiful and classic. the leather is sturdy and warm. feet feel very comfortable on the sole.i have normally size calves, not thin, not thick in my proportion. the shafts snugly hug the thickest part of my legs when i wear leggings and use the first button hole..i can adjust the shafts to the second button hole,then the top of the shafts kind of leave my legs too far away. so i keep it in the first button hole.one of the ankle parts will dig a little bit to the back of my leg when walking,  though not severely,all in all, these are good boots to me. especially for the price($99 was what i eventually paid after discount)
B00AW8JG9G I am so glad I bought these beautiful boots! These are very unique and stylish boots with a somewhat rugged look. A cross between western and biker, I totally love them! They are super comfortable, and look so good with tunics or long shirts, worn over skinny jeans or leggings. I have a somewhat wider foot, so if you have a narrow foot, they may be too loose..otherwise, they are true to size. I have a 13 in calf, and even though these are 15 1/2 inch calf..they are still comfortable and not too big, at all! SUPER LOVE them!
B00AW8JG9G Love them! LOVE THESE BOOTS.  They are a nice dressy/casual boot.  The leather is nice and they fit great!  I have athletic calves (I'm 5'6&#34; and 142 lbs) and often have trouble fitting into tall boots.  These were no problem.  The great thing was the price!  I saw them in a Timberland catalog that got sent to my house over the holidays listed for $225.  I got them for 1/2 that, delivered!
B00AW8JG9G Great Casual Boot! These boots are a favorite for weekends and going to work.  It isn't dressy for going out to dinner, etc but perfect for skinny jeans and leggings with a tunic sweater!  So comfortable!
B00AW8JG9G Nice looking boot - Too short I love TImberland boots.  I find the leather and craftsmanship to be of very high quality.  However, I returned these boots.  They fit nice but they were very short.  About a little higher than mid calf for me.  I am 5'6 and don't have particularly long calves (although they are skinny so I did button them to the tightest button which was a good fit and needed).  I just was looking for a true Knee-High boot and these were not it.  Better for people with shorter legs or who don't mind that awkward length (about 4-5 inches below knee).  As with all Timbs - size up a half size if your foot is any wider than narrow.  I am usually a 7.5 with a medium width foot and i wear 8 in all Timbs.
B00AW8JG9G Now I know what it means to sacrifice for beauty Ouch, these boots hurt. The shafts are very snug with skinny jeans and socks on and I felt like I'd have that pins and needles feeling along my calves. The zippers are stiff and they hurt my ankles when they bend/sag inward against my legs.The upside is, they seem to slim my legs down and look fantastic. I might eventually wear them with skirts/dresses, which I've never done before due to all the awkward wide-shafts boots I've owned previously. It is suggested online that if you apply leather conditioner religiously your Timberland boots will break in faster. So I guess I'll keep them and give them spa treatment everyday until they reciprocate.
B00AW8JG9G I only got to try them on. These boots are one of the christmas gifts I requested. I only got to try them on when they arrived to be sure they fit. As with my other Timberland purchases the fit is true to size, the leather is good soft quality and I really like the style. Mostly they are comfortable from the start.
B00AW8JG9G tight calf I have other Timberlands that fit fine in the calf, these are too tight, otherwise a great quality boot. Had to return.
B00AW8JG9G Perfect for my daughter! I got these for my daughter, and she loved them!  They fit her perfectly, and I worried because she is slim and I thought the calf area might be too big, but they were fine! Good quality!
B00AW8JG9G love them. xoxo I wear a size 9 in most all shoes. These are true to size as the 9 fit me perfect. I wear wides occasionally as I sort of have wide feet but they aren't extremely wide. When I stand on a ruler my foot measures at about 3 and 5/8th inches at the widest point.  I first tried these in the regular width and they would have worked but I like to have more than enough room for my toes so I had to opt for the wider width. They fit nice on my calf. My calf is 14 inches around at the widest and these fit nice over jeggings and skinny jeans. They are adjustable as well so if needed they can be tightened or loosened a bit.These boots are very comfortable. I could wear them all day and everyday. They are easy to slip on and run out the door. This is the first and only boot that I have been able to actually wear after trying on several! The more I wear these the better they feel and the better they look. The leather is conforming to my foot. They look broken in now and I absolutely LOVE them.I live in COLD and SNOW. My toes freeze off in these boots even in a good thick sock. I could tolerate wearing these in the snow when it is above zero but they do not have any insulation whatsoever so be warned. I got some snoseal to waterproof them because I want these lovelies to last forever.
B00AW8JG9G great style and quality Very nice boot.  A little tight in the calf.  It should stretch with wear since it's leather.  Love the style and quality. Bought one for my daughter and she loves it.
B00AW8JG9G I love, but probably not for everyone. I love these boots. So much, I got them in both colors. Fantastic price as well. They are very comfortable (more so than some Fryes I also ordered, and will likely be returning). I agree with some other reviewers that they're probably narrow in the toe area, but I have a narrow foot, so it isn't a problem for me. But perhaps not the best boot if you have a wide foot. I wear an 8.5, so I ordered an 8.5. Sometimes I size up to 9 in boots, but didn't need to in these. (You may decide you need the extra toe room, but it may be a backfire to order up because you'll also get extra heel room...but yay free returns!). I wouldn't consider them to have a narrow calf, but definitely aren't for wide calves. I feel like my calf is pretty average, somewhat athletic, and they fit me pretty snuggly, but I can still wear leggings and skinny jeans under them (and will probably get some stretch out of them with wear). I like the detail up the back (more obvious in the pictures of the brown than the black). Very sturdy leather it seems like too. Super comfortable to walk in. Quality craftsmanship. Really happy with this purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Best boots ever! I have been looking for a pair of boots for a while and I'm glad I found these!  They fit true to size and there is plenty of room in the toe box, which I have trouble with in some shoes.  The craftsmanship is awesome and everything is top quality.  I have smallish calves and I still have enough room for thick socks and jeans to fit with an easy zip up.  Good buy and reasonable price, couldn't  even happier!  Oh,  almost forgot,  very comfortable too,  with good traction!
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot I really like these boots.  The leather is beautiful, they are a great fit over skinny jeans, leggings, or tights.  They aren't too high, so they look great with a tall sock peaking out the top too.  Would buy them again.  My only negative on these is that they are a little too roomy in the ankle/low calf area.  I think it would look better if they curved inward closer to the leg in this region.  With that said, I still like them a lot!
B00AW8JG9G Savin Hill Boot I love the leather of this boot.  Another reviewer referred to it as &#34;buttery&#34; and I agree.  It is smooth, sleek, but not shiny.  I normally wear a size 8 in shoes, but seem to always fit a 7.5 in Timberland boots.  I have a narrow foot and 12.5 inch calf and the 7.5 size fit fine.  The opening was a little wide. What I did not like was the asymmetrical top of the boot.  Its hard to see in the picture but the outside of the boot is higher than the inside.  It was not flattering on my leg and just looked odd.  The sole of the boot is fine for walking but not as thick as other Timberland boots made more for snow and ice.  I had to return this one due to not liking the asymmetrical style.
B00AW8JG9G Quality and Affordable The price was great for these quality boots. The leather is beautiful and fits comfortably. And for once in so many other boot fittings they actually fit my calf well and aren't too sloppy with extra movement when walking.
B00AW8JG9G Looks great, but .. I love those boots and wear them most of the time. It goes well with both dresses and pants. I have narrow feet and they fit perfectly fine. I don't think they would be that comfortable for people with wide feet.My only issue with it is that it's rather stiff. It hasn't broken in even after using it for a couple of months. The leather is not that soft, as in you would never need boot stands/holders.
B00AW8JG9G Nice Quality Casual Boots These boots are made of good quality leather. They have a casual look. I like the ribbon-look at the back which adds a little something extra but is not too obvious. The fit is as one would expect so I would not size up or down. They fit comfortably in the foot and shaft. I have muscular calves and the shaft is not tight. The soles seem fine but not ultra sturdy. The toe comes up very slightly
B00AW8JG9G Love them! Beautiful!  I have large calves & they are snug, but work great.  I have never found any that fit before.
B00AW8JG9G Great boots, right out of the box I'm not sure how or why people are complaining that these boots have a narrow calf, first off, they're adjustable, second of all, I'm 5'6, 135 and a size 6/8 and these fit me perfectly without adjusting them, and I don't think I have particularly skinny calves.  I do agree that they're not quite knee height, maybe for a shorter person, but I don't care, they still look great.I was nervous wearing brand new shoes to work for a whole day, if they started rubbing or whatnot I would have a problem, but the leather is good quality, softened within an hour or so of wearing them and they were extremely comfortable. I have recently been having a lot of problems with one of my feet due to running and wearing high heels most of my adult life, and was told by my physical therapist that I had to give up the heels, so I bought these boots after hearing good reviews and found them to be true.  My feet are on the cusp of being wide, but these shoes in regular width still are comfortable with socks.I didn't notice on the website the suede detailing on the ankle strap. it wouldn't have prevented me from buying them, and I'm certainly not going to send back something that fits so well over such a minor thing, but it's sort of unnecessary and I'd rather it be plain.  That said, I still love them and have gotten several compliments from just a single day of wear.
B00AW8JG9G First Riding Boots - Fantastic. I've been searching for the perfect riding boot for...years, these are fantastic. Real leather. Very high quality. Beautiful and unique details. Nice color. Comfortable. Stylish. I'm usually a 6.5/7, and a 7 in these is perfect. I have thin calves and these work nicely for that.  I like that you can cinch the tab to fit your leg a bit. Years ago a dutch girl recommended Timberland as a brand for boots, how right she was! I could personally use a little more arch support, but that is easily solved with an inexpensive shoe insert.Even better when they are on sale and/or you have an amazon promotion!
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful Boot If you have wide calves you might be able to squeeze into these by pushing the boot shaft down then zipping them.  They will stretch over time but the zipper will dig into your calf.  I didn't send them back because I loved the look of them so much so I suffered while I stretched them out.Leather is great quality, soft and supple.
B00AW8JG9G They look cute but ran too big and also the leather is thick and tough. I ordered these for myself and when they arrived they looked really good. I put them on and i felt that they were stiff for a boot of that style. It ran a bit bigger for me so I returned them for that reason and also for the fact that the leather was a bit rough and the stiffness was too much for me. I think these are great but for the right foot. and also I would recommend these for a colder weather - they have a nice insulation that maybe causing a bit of stiffness. You just have to try these out for yourself. Great thing about amazon is that you can always return them if you don't like them.
B00AW8JG9G So disappointed I was thrilled to receive these boots, they are so well crafted and made from recycled materials.  I loved the thickness and quality of the leather they were made with.  That said, they were insanely small around my calves! I could not even zip them all the way up.  I ordered a 6.5, my standard size, and they fit perfectly in the foot area.  This is very unusual, I have pretty small and slender calves.  I have never faced this issue before, in fact, I typically feel that some boots look odd on me because they are too baggy around my calves.  After reading all the positive reviews, only a few of which mention how narrow the calf area is, I have decided I might have gotten a defective pair.  So I am exchanging them for a 7 in the vain hope that there is some extra room in the calf region. Truly a well made, sturdy, beautiful boot. There 7s better fit!Update: The 7s came and were still super tight! Shocked, really just so shocked.  I managed to zip them all the way up though, with pants on, so I am going to keep them and hope the give with time and wear. They are a little bigger in the foot, as expected, but not overly huge so it is manageable. Really such a beautiful boot.
B00AW8JG9G Love them more the more I wear them. A true leather boot gets better with age. I can already tell that these boots will break in just right. I wear an 8.5 to 9 shoe. I originally purchased a 9 and returned them for the 8.5 and I can wear them with a boot sock. The shaft of boot fit very tight at first, but stretched after a couple wears. I left them overnight in the cold car and the leather shrunk. After they warmed up, I was able to get the zipper up again.
B00AW8JG9G Great, comfortable boot - don't give up too quickly if the fit is a little tight at first I read through lots of reviews before purchasing these boots and was a little confused at first by the vary accounts of the calf width. Some said it&#8217;s too narrow for a 14&#8221; calf, others say that they had lots of room for their 15&#8221; calf. As I have a 14&#8221; calf I was concerned by fit, particularly as I am based in Australia so shipping back a return is a real pain. After much reading of reviews and now receiving my boots I suspect that the calf circumference of these boots actually increases with the foot size &#8211; makes no sense but there you go.I have a size 7 foot and found the initial calf circumference to be about 14&#8221; if not a little smaller but (and here is the important thing) the leather stretches really well. When the boots arrived I put them straight on over a thin pair of socks and ouchy was it tight but within 20 minutes of wearing them they had stretched enough to be very comfortable. The next day I wore these boots over a pair of jeans without any trouble. When I put them on now there is no struggle at all getting the zip up. My advices is, if you purchase them, love the look but are concerned by the initial fit, give them 20 minutes. You&#8217;ll be glad you did.As for the rest of the boots, I have a size 7 foot &#8211; neither particularly wide nor narrow &#8211; and the 7M is a great fit. The foot bed is nice and comfortable and spending the whole day in these boots is no chore at all. The leather quality is nice and, as others have mentioned, these boots don&#8217;t slouch down. Overall these are a great boot &#8211; good looking and comfortable, what more could a girl want?
B00AW8JG9G Great boots but calf lots bigger in my size than description I ordered these boots because of the hard to find 14&#34; calf circumference (stated in the description), but when they arrived - at least for my large size 11, the calf was 16&#34;.  I love these boots - so much that I took them to a bootmaker to see if he could take the calf in, but they were so ridiculously big on me he didn't think it would look good and lay flat with that much taken out...  The leather is amazingly soft and sturdy, the details are gorgeous, and they are so comfy - I want to cry sending these back, but they are just too big on my tiny 13&#34; calf.  I think if you have average calves though these are the perfect boot.
B00AW8JG9G Fit is all wrong I was a little hesitant buying these boots due to all of the varying size problems, but I really love the way they look so I gave them a try. I have never owned leather boots before so I wasn't really sure what to expect.  They are well made and beautiful.  The fit is terrible. Maybe I should have sized up since it's a boot, I don't know.  I ordered a 7.5 which is my normal size. With regular socks on, I couldn't even get my foot into the boot. I had to remove my sock and even then I could barely squeeze it in. Maybe the ones I received have a defect in the opening size since I haven't heard anyone else mention this problem. I have normal width feet and these boots were tight. There seemed to be enough room on the toe box but what does that matter if your feet feel like they are getting crushed from the sides. I am sending these back and ordering a size 8 wide. Hopefully these will fit better and I will adjust my review if they are. I had no issues with the calf area so at least there is that. As far as the height, I am 5'3 and these were just below my knees which is fine for me.
B00AW8JG9G Bruised my ankles I really wanted to love these boots.  They were very stiff coming out of the box, but I knew leather would stretch.  Unfortunately, I just can't keep wearing them, and after wearing them around my house for a day I am returning them.  The zipper indents right at my ankles when I walk, and it has literally bruised my ankles.  I even tried putting cotton balls in my socks to try and push the zipper out and allow the leather to form to my legs more, but it was just too painful.  I don't have large ankles- there's actually a lot of extra room in the ankles, so maybe that's part of the problem.  Other than that the boots look great.  I always wear an 8 and the 8 seemed perfect, maybe a little big in the calves.  I would have kept them (and worn them all the time) if the zippers hadn't bruised my ankles so much.
B00AW8JG9G Wanted to love it and have it fit (size 11) It was roomy enough, but one boot was rubbing against my heel. I might have brought it to my shoemaker to stretch, but I wasn't thrilled with the look; it was soft (appearing) for my taste, and too low- the heel looks higher in the photo and as it's claimed. It does not kick butt. I much prefer the Timberland Lexiss boots (I have them in both colors) for fit, height and look (harder with a sense of swagger; the leather is suede or suedish in brown)Personally it's 3 stars, but it's that great Timberland quality so I give it 4 stars. Either way, it rounds up to 4. Plus it's not about me, it's about what you like and look good in.
B00AW8JG9G LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the boots! I have been looking a very LONG time for boots. I refuse to pay full price for most things and Amazon had the priced just right with the $30 off 100 coupon - which made them just under $100 - other online shoe stores had them for as high as $240 and the local shoe store had them for $204 .They fit nicely with a little extra room for a thick sock. They have a rubber sole with a small grip. I didn't want a leather sole, knowing I will be wearing them in the winter. I will add a waterproof coating to them. The calves are a little wide but I was able to ruck my wide leg jeans in them with it feeling to tight.I got my hair cut the same day as I first wore the boots and everyone noticed my great boots and not my cut!
B00AW8JG9G Foot fits but calf a little on the snug side The foot fits true to size but the calf a little on the snug side even with the adjustable side strap let out
B00AW8JG9G beautiful boots but...... The boots were beautiful and a great value.  I have a chubby foot and actually, the boots fit great except in the calf.  I could barely get the boots zipped up and when I did-they were uncomfortably tight.  I could have kept the boot and possibly stretched them out a bit but I was afraid the zipper would break so back they went.  In defense of the boot, I did have the boots on over straight leg jeans.
B00AW8JG9G Pleasantly surprised Leather quality was very nice.  Calf size fit as well. I've been searching for boots for over a year and these fit perfectly.  So glad I found these online.
B00AW8JG9G Love the boots! I have been searching for good pair of versatile boots for some time now and have found them! I wanted a boot that I could go out in the garden in, and then wear out shopping. The sole is rubber, so it doesn't click/clack on every hard surface and it makes it way more comfortable. I can wear these all day and my feet don't hurt. The leather is a classic brown color, just gorgeous. The tread is not deep which has pros and cons: it won't pick up a bunch of dirt, but it will slip more easily. They felt a little stiff at first, but after wearing them for the past week, they're breaking in nicely. They're so warm!As far as the size, I wear a 9.5M normally and ordered a 9.5M in the boot and it fits great. They fit best with boot socks, something on the thicker size. I find the calf area to be very adequate, almost a little large so I adjusted the button to make it smaller. I'm average size with average calves.There's some subtle detail in these boots that just rock. I think they're the best purchase I've made in a while and don't really want to take them off!
B00AW8JG9G The perfect boot for a petite girl. These are such excellent beautiful boots! I have gotten so many compliments on them, especially while at the mall. People shopping for boots kept asking me where I got them.  The leather is rugged and thick, very quality!They fit snuggly through the foot and calf, if you have wide feet/ calves, this would NOT be the boot for you.  I am thin and petite 5'-1&#34; and they come up to about an inch or two from my kneecap. They are the perfect height. I guess what I'm saying is if you are also thin and petite, these boots will feel like they are made for you, if you aren't, they won't fit.The details make the boots look unique and very expensive. I love them!!!!!
B00AW8JG9G Wasn't as flattering as I had hoped SUCH a cute idea, the slanted top&#8230; but made my calves look fat:-(  Plus, really big in the ankle, which can work for certain styles, but add the calf to it and I was out.  Returned.
B00AW8JG9G Great for short girls I'm 5'9 and these hit me right in the middle of my calf, which looked weird. I have very thin/narrow calves and these were too big. I'm sad these didn't work out, they looked so cute online
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots! They are beautiful and comfortable!  I normally wear a 9 and bought a 8.5 (tried them on at Nordstrom - which was selling these same boots for $220!) - went online and found them SO much cheaper at Amazon (thank you, Amazon!).  The 8.5 fit great - even w/ a thicker boot sock.  The heel did slip a little, but I was able to fix that with a thicker sock.  I have really skinny calves and have such a hard time finding boots to fit.  The adjustable buckle on top gives me an almost perfect fit!  I can wear them with tights and have already worn them w/ skinny jeans.  They are comfortable, although a little stiff at first - but they seem to be breaking in nicely.  My only concern is that the brown seems to scuff easily - not sure if there's something to treat the boots with to help them look as beautiful as they do now.**I liked them so much that I did something I rarely do - bought another pair in black.
B00AW8JG9G Couldn't be happier!!!!! I ordered these boots to have some casual flat boots to wear with leggings, etc.  I have never had a pair of Timberland shoes, and wasn't sure what to expect.  These boots could not be more perfect!! They fit like they were made for me and the longer I wear them the better they fit and more comfortable they get.  The leather is gorgeous! They do show wear pretty quickly, giving them a more distressed look the more you wear them so if you are looking for them to stay the same as they come out of the box, they won't.  I personally love the look! It just gives the gorgeous leather more character.  If you have been debating about getting these boots, don't.  Just get them! You will not be disappointed!
B00AW8JG9G My new favorite boot What a nice looking boot. It is quite well made and comfy right out of the box. My calves are pretty full but they fit great with jeans tucked in and lots of compliments on their looks. I will wear with skirts too and am sure they will look great!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots I got these for my daughter after a long search for the perfect knee-high boot. These are narrower than most, and fit and feel great. Nice thick leather, slightly rugged look, but not too much, you can dress them up and down. She asked for a half size up so she can wear them for more than one season, this is how much she liked them. I would recommend.
B00AW8JG9G High Quality, High Fashion I am a leather snob, having purchased hand-made leather goods from experts all over Central and South America, and am always a little wary of purchasing leather in the US (especially online!). Straight out of the box, I knew they were quality. The grain of the leather, the feel under my fingers; it all felt right! The buckle and the suede details are fabulous, and the heel/sole fit the style of the boot perfectly.The zipper is easy to operate, and the stiffness of the leather makes it zip with no pulls or hitches. The calf sizing option at the top is a little hard to do at first, but you don't want it to change too easily so that's good! It's easier to adjust if the boot is unzipped.The ONLY reason this isn't a 5 star review is because the boots are a bit small. I am a solid 9M, and they were tight when I put them on with NO socks. I was concerned that I was going to have to return them. But, I put on my thickest wool socks under the boots and walked around my house for an hour to see if they would loosen a bit. They did, and I wore them comfortably the rest of the day with thinner socks. I'm in love!
B00AW8JG9G Absolutely Gorgeous Love these boots!  Purchased the black pair too!  Leather is high quality. The brown is a very rich color.  I have slim calves and the adjustable strap at the top works well & doesn't just snug the boot up in a unkempt fashion.  Hope they last for years!
B00AW8JG9G Good style and quality for the price I searched high and low for a stylish boot that I could wear with skirts or jeans, to work and on the weekends. I thought I'd end up spending $300+ for a pair from La Canadienne, but I didn't want to! Then I happened upon these (after what seemed like hours of research). The photo was nice, and I saw some models in the Athleta catalogue with these on (wearing them with sporty dresses, etc.), so I gave them a shot. The price on Amazon was very good in comparison with the prices I saw on shoe retailer sites.I am not disappointed. They are sleek enough and don't have that galoshes look. I feel like I could wear these with all but my dressiest everyday outfits. They're as close to an all-purpose boot as I could find. Also, the calf is adjustable and so I would imagine it will fit a lot of people (you don't find that much).  Very nice for the price. Anything comparable or better will be $100+ more.
B00AW8JG9G Runs a little small I purchased an 8.5 even though I normally wear an 8 because I wanted extra room for wearing thicker socks during the winter.  The boots were still a little tight in the foot and in the calf area. I will be keeping them though, they are very nice.
B00AW8JG9G Real leather! Beautiful, matte leather boot for a great price! I'm hoping they don't stretch out too much, because I got my size and they are perfect. Boot seems wide, so probably not good for narrow feet. The calf adjusters are really hard to move, but I think the leather just needs to be worked a bit.
B00AW8JG9G Timberland tall riding boots I loved these boots!!! Very nice quality leather and beautiful!!! However I had to return because they were very small around my calves (I went to Macy's before hand and tried on several pairs of other brands of boots and they fit my calves, so I think timberland runs small) if timberland sold wide calf in this boot I would buy, but they don't...had to return :(
B00AW8JG9G Good boots Nice black boots - I didn't expect them to be so rigid. I've only worn once though so we'll see how they losen up. Don't buy if you have large calves.
B00AW8JG9G Timberland Savin Hill Kne-high Boots Nice boots. I would recommend them. They were a little small around my calf, but overall a good fit and quality.
B00AW8JG9G Extremely comfortable I originally purchased the size 9, but had to swap out for the 8.5. For me, I'm never sure if I wear an 8.5 or 9, since its so brand specific.I spent all day cooking while wearing these boots (why I was wearing boots and cooking is a different issue). I literally stood for 6 hours straight, and my feet were just fine. I've also walked around San Francisco in these all day, and had no issues. The only time I could (maybe) complain about how they feel would be when I had to run across the airport dragging two roll-ons; however, since this is not a common use for these boots, I see no reason to deduct stars for my aching shins.These boots are perfect for me with tights/leggings. I have yet to try to wear them with jeans tucked in, but do not think it would go well. As mentioned in previous reviews, these boots do not have a lot of room around the calves. They fit mine perfectly in tights, but I also am 5'3&#34; and don't have very big calves. I actually like this, because a lot of boots are far too big for me around the calves and I feel like a kid in my dad's shoes. But, for anyone with bigger calves, be warned!The buckle is nice, but also is bronze. But, no one can tell from afar unless you draw their attention to it.
B00AW8JG9G classic riding boot Lovely riding boot for somewhat narrow calf and fussy feet!  My calf circumference is 14 inches, and the smallest hole on the 3-hole buckle fits great with jeans. My size 10.5-11 foot fits well in the size 10. I also have some heel slippage, as others have noted, so an insert and thick socks will help.  FYI, the included insole is easily removed if you wear orthotics. The leather is a little stiffer than some other boots, but it does keep the boot fairly straight, not a lot of ankle slouching. My moderate bunions aren't bothered.
B00AW8JG9G I love the details! This boot has wonderful and stylish detailing that sets it apart from the rest.  I especially like the design that runs along the back seam. I was worried about the fit; the sizing at the top to accommodate large calves worked out fine.  There is an extension tab which allows you to increase/decrease the opening at the top.  I had to extend it to its widest to accommodate my 14&#34; calves and it is very comfortable.  Very happy with my purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Pleasantly surprised Love this boot. It was tough and solid colored when I received it. When I wore them around the house, I could tell after only an hour they started to mold and show some wear (in a good way). Rich color and very comfy. Highly recommend. The only reason I don't give a 5 star is because although the calf stretched; it's still a little bug around jeans. ( I do not have large calves by no means). Either way, they are flattering and comfortable.
B00AW8JG9G Nice boot! Calf too big and short for me . I like the boots, but don't love them. They are definitely comfortable with nice leather. The fit is not great. I have long skinny legs, the calf is a little big and short. The calf curves out, but is short for my legs, which doesn't follow the curve in my legs. I think only I notice that. And the adjustment strap on the sides sticks out a little, which I don't like. I am keeping them though!
B00AW8JG9G Adjustable uppers allow them to fit smaller calves..size based on shoe size.( 7.5 shoe size calf can be made to fit a 13.5 calf) I bought these because I have a difficult time finding boots small enough to fit my calves. My calves are between 13.25&#34; to 14&#34;. I ordered the 7.5m even though I usually wear a ladies size 8. I am on the smaller size 8, if that helps and with leather, it always gives a little, as I feel these did for me. Great leather, good zipper. The uppers have a brass rivot that you pull the leather strap over to tighten. A little difficult at first when they are new but they break in well with use. The only problem I seem to notice is that because I have them so tight, the excess leather curls. I thought of cutting it off but since I wear them casually I just let the leather curl. Not really a big deal.Lower heels, which for me are great for my back but I would have liked a more padded footbed.Ironically my sister had the black pair on recently and I laughed since I had the tobacco color. She also has small calves and bought hers directly at Timberland (paid more!) because she was thrilled they could tighten to fit her calves. She loves them for work. She ended up ordering the tobacco color as well. Please note that the leather does mark as it bends and twists. I like it since it reminds me of a pair of old, worn boots but others might not. Not sure about the black color doing that but I wanted to mention it.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful and unique boots! I just received these boots yesterday and I am really impressed!  Husband was too!  I ordered my usual size 6 and they fit perfect so they are true to size.  The shaft is nice and stiff like it should be and they are comfortable too.  I am like 5 '2, and they actually reach about an inch or two below my knees, so they aren't that tall.  I actually wanted some taller boots that would reach right under my knee, but these are beautiful so I'm keeping them.  The ankle part is a little big but I have never found a boot where the ankle isn't a little big.  It doesn't affect the wear of this beautiful boot.  They fit perfect with skinny jeans.
B00AW8JG9G amazing boots These boots are utterly gorgeous. Sometimes I open my closet just to look at them, and even though I've treated them so they should be waterproof, I don't want to wear them when there's snow on the ground because I'm afraid of ruining in them - I like them that much! I can't say emphatically enough how lovely they are--and comfortable, too. I was a bit concerned that my athletic calves would be too big for them, but they're fine to wear with skinny jeans (although adding boot socks would be pushing it). These are completely worth the money.
B00AW8JGGE Didn't fit like expected I love this boot!  I had to send it back though because it was a little snug on my calves and loose around the ankles.  I wanted them to work but had to return them.
B00AW8JL0A Great professional-looking waterproof boot The shoes were stiff the first time I tried them on, but they softened up with more wear. They are on the narrow side and a bit tight at the top of my foot, but not so much that I'd consider returning them. I've worn them 4 or 5 times so far, including 2 11-hour work days, with no blisters. They look great with either jeans or dress pants (but the heel is only 1.5 inches, so be careful with long pants). The sole tread isn't very noticeable when I'm wearing them, which I like because it looks more professional. They might be too tight for insole inserts, so these would not be good if you need extra insole support.
B00AW8JL0A Waterproof Sturdy boots that is casual and versatile I needed a pair of boots for rainy days and that's why I decided to give these boots a try. And today was the day 1 I wore these outside, and it was pouring rain. Yes, it's waterproof - the water just beaded up on the leather, and the boots stayed dry, so did my feet.  The boot feels sturdy, and with its round toe it has nice casual feel that would work with jeans or skirts. The leather is matte, not glossy.Size: I wear mostly size 8.5M (except for Frye Harness boots: size 8M 'cause they run a little large) so I ordered 8.5M. The size felt just right. WIth a pair of cotton socks I still have some wiggle room around my toes, but not loose at all, feels right and very comfortable. The ankle area felt a little stiff and tight at first, so I actually wore it slightly unzipped about 1/2 inch from the top. While this helps and is a good solution, I may not have to do this again... after 12 hrs of wearing it the leather around the ankle already has become much softer now. Inside the zip, there's a gusset that unfolds which some may find a little bulky. It doesn't bother me because it's fine for what it is - all-weather-boots that is. With this structure I could unzip a little and make adjustment to accommodate a thicker pair of wool socks or to tuck in jeans if I wanted to.Rubber outsole: I walked and even ran in the rain today very comfortably. No slipping at all. No blister or pain so far. The heel height is perfect. You don't even feel the heel when wearing, but it's visually, subtly there.Overall I'm very happy with my purchase.
B00AW8JL0A Like These Boots! I wanted a pair of ankle-length black boots to wear in snow that would not be too bulky and would look dressy enough to wear at any time.  These caught my eye.  They were also on sale so that helped me decide to give them a try.  I read all of the reviews and decided to purchase them in my normal shoe size.  I'll have to admit that they are a bit snug, but I don't think I would want them any larger.  I like the zipper closure which makes them a breeze to get on and off.  The leather has a nice feel to it, and it's a bit different than I expected.  The toe box and the upper heel area are a smooth leather with a &#34;slightly&#34; shiny look, while the rest of the boot is more of a brushed-leather or suede.  I'm glad I purchased these boots.  My only warning is to be cautious about the size.  If you tend to like a wider toe box and ankle, you might consider a half-size larger.
B00AW8JL0A Satisfactory I wanted a low heel boot that I could wear to work with a suit in winter and not look too out of place. This looks dressy enough but has the lug sole and waterproof leather. If you want a real no-slip lug sole, get a real outdoor boot. It still slips on ice. I agree that the leather is stiff and it was difficult to put on the first time, but the loops on the back of the boot help and it has gotten easier over time. The leather is still stiff but seems to have become slightly more supple with wear. The stiff leather does not poke my ankle, but  I always wear it with long socks anyway. My foot is 8 wide so I ordered 8.5 and it fits fine. This winter, they are my favorite work shoes.
B00AW8K0WI But just a bit tight in toe box I got the tall version of this boot in black too and the fit was perfect.  These are a bit tight across my toes but will stretch.  Fit my narrow heel and skinny calves great - it's hard for me to find boots that aren't too wide.
B00AW8K0WI Nice style but not for athletic calves I wanted to love this boot because the style is exactly what I was looking for (including waterproof feature). However, despite it being a midboot, it is not for athletic calves requiring at least 16'' circumference. It was also extremely stiff and rubbed uncomfortably in the ankle area (may need some additional break-in). Otherwise, it is a well-made boot that goes with everything.
B00AZPO90W Nice Dress Chukka Boot First and foremost, this is a dress boot and not a boot to plod around in the fields all day. That said, I love the soft leather on this boot. The workmanship appears to be very good. Very comfortable shoe, looks great with chinos, jeans or what-have-you. The sole is a bit on the thin side, but if it was any thicker it would really change the look. The only down side is the laces. They are very thin like a dress shoe, but when I say thin, I mean real thin, such that I am looking for a waxed round brown lace 45-48 inches long. Not an easy find.Fit wise, I usually take an 11 but reading the reviews here and other places indicated you may want to go down 1/2 size. I did and they fit perfect. Going down a half size also worked with my Timberland work boots too..
B00AZPPEQ0 Very comfortable I got these for mostly walking outdoors and for standing and walking around downtown Chicago. These are very comfortable and have great arch support. Based on the reviews, I ordered a whole size down (normally wear a 9 so I got an 8) and they fit ever so slightly tight, but I think to most this would be called a "perfect fit". I think I would have preferred 8.5 but I already started wearing them and didn't feel like going through a return process. I am sure they will break in and stretch out a little bit. Love the comfort and the waterproof feature. Can't beat the price anywhere.----- EDIT -----After 5 months, these have held up great! They have broken in and the fit is perfect now. Was great for the Chicago winter of '13 with all the snow and slush. One thing I have noticed is that on really cold, frigid temp days, your feet will be cold. You might be thinking "well then I will wear thicker socks" ... You can do that but just make sure you order a half size up (after taking into account what I stated above in the initial review) to accommodate the extra padding of the socks. The waterproof feature definitely is as it states. Also, the black version is more of a matte finish and not a shiny leather looking dress shoe. I will look into getting a brown pair in the future. Well done Timberland!
B00AZPQV6C Almost Perfect This is a review from the perspective of someone who cares about details way to much.Ok, first off these are awesome boots, definitely five star worthy.The minimalistic branding, and style is awesome.However there were a couple of very tiny flaws.So I got the brown pair, and in the picture it looks like the leather upper is a different shade than the lower, however in person it doesn't look like that at all. It's the same shade of leather all around the boot.In terms of tiny flaws, my specific pair did have a few. I spotted a small scratch and two or three small flaws throughout both shoes on the leather, however the rubber is flawless on both shoes.A couple other reviewers said these run long and narrow, which is true. I ordered a size 12 because of this and they fit very well lengthwise, but are just a very tad bit narrow. However they are still the best fitting boots I've ever worn. Another thing is the tongue is just a little bit tilted to the outside, and is attached at the sides around an inch down the tongue. (I'll add a photo)Some people might like that, but I don't really think it's necessary, and that it just adds a little bunched up material, that some people might think would be annoying.These boots were made for cold weather, and I've had the chance to test them out in some light snow. They are stated to be waterproof and live up to it. After some 30 minutes walking through snow, they were still warm, and not wet at all.I really love these boots, even with all these minor flaws they are still 5 star worthy.
B00B02THKQ i love these boots. i got 5.5 so that i could wear big socks and put in insoles, but even then they are pretty roomy, esp around the ankle. regardless they are beautiful, sturdy, well made, comfortable, fit snugly enough on my little calves and I LOVE THEM.
B00B02THKQ Beautiful boot and exact dark brown color.. They are a great boot, read reviews on different sites. The circumference ranged from 13.25 to 15.  went ahead with the order, they are a bit snug in the calf (14.25) going to assume they are 14.00, going to see if they cannot be stretched in the calf, if not they will have to go back.. they are otherwise comfortable and fit well in the foot and ankle area (size 7.5M).  Beautiful boot for any age.
B00B02THKQ Wide in the ankle. I wish these had a little more definition in the ankle - great if you have cankles, but don't really flatter the leg if you don't.  The laces will tighten it a bit, but that just creates a pucker at that point in the shaft.  Still, the fit through the calves is narrow, which I was looking for.  (My calves are 12.75 at their widest point and the fit is snug, but not too tight, even with jeans tucked in.  There is also a small elastic panel along the back for the top 4-5 inches, which would give a little extra stretch if you need it.)  Measuring around the outside, the narrowest part of the ankle diameter is 11.5", widest part around the calf is 13, and the top is 14" (for a size 5.5).  I've had to return several other brands/styles that fit more like galoshes, so I'm going to keep these even though they're not exactly what I was looking for.  The workmanship looks good, and they are fairly comfortable so far.
B00B02THKQ I recommend ordering a  size bigger than your normal size. Really cute boots however, I&#8217;m really glad that I read the comments on what people had to say with how they run small in the calf. I&#8217;m 5&#8217;6&#8221; 125lbs and these boots are extremely tight in the calf. I&#8217;m usually an 8  in boots, but decided to order a 9 with all the comments in regards to them running small. I&#8217;m hoping with more wear they will loosen up a little bit, and if not they won&#8217;t be a pair I wear over skinny jeans.So I recommend ordering a  size bigger if you don&#8217;t have super skinny calves!! They fit great other then that!! This is the reason I would rate them a 4 and not a 5.
B00B02THKQ Nice boot, stylish yet comfy and waterproof! Got these in a 10 c/d and they fit my daughter pretty well except for in the ankle...it was huge!  Not sure if this was because of the wide c/d size or not.... But they are so cute that we decided to keep them and after a few days the leather softened and &#34;bent in&#34;at the ankles a bit so she doesn't look like she has cankles anymore:)  there is a stretchy part at the back to help with fit around the calf so it will  accommodate larger calves...and if you wear them around the house with a few layers of thick socks for a day they will stretch out also.....the color is not as rich and dark as the photos but still very nice,  and go with everything! I may have to get myself a pair,
B00B02THKQ Very Comfortable, Perfect for small calves Most of my shoes are a size 7, but since this boot fits small, the 7.5 fit my size 7-foot well. I don't have big calves, but this boot fits them like a glove. I have just enough space for a pair of skinny jeans. Though there is a heel on the boot, it's actually comfortable. There's a gel-like insole included which cushions the bottom of my foot. I've had a different pair of Timberland knee-high boots before that were extrememly comfortable (they were flat, however, and I wanted something I could dress up even more), so I knew I'd get good quality with this pair.
B00B02THKQ I really wanted to love them! I have another pair of Timberlands, that are a slouch style boot, that I absolutely love! These were the same great quality leather, beautifully crafted, and the perfect look to go with some dresses I have, but sadly I had to return them! Timberlands,in my opinion, run a little snug in the calf, and very bulky or boxy in the ankle, with the slouch style I just scrunch them down and it's not as noticeable. But with a stiff leather boot, as these are, with them being snug at the top of the shaft and boxy around the ankle they give the effect that you have thick legs, and they don't create that feminine silhouette that I was expecting from such a pretty and feminine style boot. On a side note, it cost $12.95 to return them to ShoeMall, I usually only buy Prime eligible items but I really wanted these, so that only added to my disappointment!
B00B02THKQ Cute, edgy, quality boot but too young for me I'm an over-50 punk but just can't carry off certain styles anymore. These boots borrow from motorcycle and combat boots but are high, fitted and heeled, so I thought they might be that ever-elusive perfect boot.. The heel is not too high but gives you some lift, The leather is high quality and the boots are made well. I chose them for the style, quality and also the narrow calf, which is so difficult to find. Enjoy, you pretty young things.
B00BF9PSUC great for walking These fit a little tight I would not recommend a different size the natural leather will stretch so they will give after some wear.
