B000073TM3 best shoe I really like this boot it looks great. The color I like the most. The soft brown earth tone color is awesome.
B000073TM3 Love these I brought these for my mother, she wanted a darker color boot. These were perfect for any look casual or not
B00009WM7J Great boots, great color Love these boots.  Have this style in about 7 colors.  These are my favorite for work as the grey is a beautiful color and goes with my black work cargo pants.  I brush them clean when they get dusty and they still look good as new.  Very comfortable for all day on my feet and I have a high arch.  Good support.
B00009WM7J Perfect shape, and color is like a dark green that could be taken as black. I am glad with the product and good size specification.the more i liked of it is its color, i was waiting a black but instead it is a really spectacular dark green.no regrets about them, i am thinking to buy one more pair for my cousin.
B00009WMIH Very good Comfotable and waterproof.but the paint peeled, so I think it would be best if it had no paint, just natural color.
B0000AFSYY Luv them!! Got them for my active 5 yo son and he was aborable in them. He wore them with dark jeans and a cable sweater in the same color of the boots.
B0000AT8CK its rather deceiving I bought this pair of timberland boots, fully expecting to receive the one shown on the picture (with black padding at the top and the brownish color bottom), but somehow, this seller sent me a different pair of boots. After I have emailed the seller about this issue, the seller didn't reply and instead, added the picture of the boots (no black padding).  Maybe they were going to change the picture, and I ordered it right before they changed it, but, I am rather dissatisfied about this purchase.
B0000DFAXV My daughters timberland boots They fit perfect look great and are comfy.They also shipped sooner than we thought. She is also going to buy another pair in a different color.
B0000DFAXV Awesome shoes with adorable color! They are as good as the picture showed.Fast delivery!But 6 1/2 is a little bit larger for me.
B0000DFAXV love them They look great on my feet I bought wide but there stil tight need to break in .nice color.it took  a while to get them that ok am enjoying them
B0000DFAXV Timberland shoes bought for my wife hiking, looks better than in the pictures, beautiful color, fits perfectly, perfectly holds the ankle, size 8.5, ideal for mountain hikes
B0002RDYMC Carter Received product in a timely manner. Grandson was so excited that he tried them on immediately.Fit was perfect,sole will be stiff until broken in. The red and black color really popped. Highly recommended.
B0009FCEX2 ####### EMERGENCY REVIEW FOR ALL PEOPLE CONSIDERING THIS ITEM! ######### Amazon WILL NOT send you the wheat color.The ONLY color available is a olive green which is the color they send you.The jacket is VERY VERY big, btw
B000AKVBCQ boots great steel toed work boots, oxford brown is nice color to hide any dirt I get on my shoes. will buy again and again from this seller
B000B2G1MI Nice Kid Hiker Shoes These were a great purchase. They seem comfortable for my little one's little feet.So far so good. Like the color.
B000BB15ZC send the right ones 80 bucks, waiting and theyre black as black. Noir is very dark brown but these are black I ordered noir. look at the picture. they even went so far as to put them in a box with noir on it, but theyre black black black. Im not going to accept this deception. I put my smelly foot in it an send it back for Noir color. at least the size was right. if you don't have it, don't stick another color in there an think we wont send it back. I have prime an amazon eats the shipping cost. so they should regulate deceptive resellers like you guys. AMAZON? get em it costs you. Im not accepting a different color from these jerks-SENDING BACK AT COST TO YOU&#62; TRY AGAIN&#62;NOIR THIS TIME.
B000BB15ZC Very Light, Very Comfortable Their quality seems quite good.  I won't know how they do in snow or wet conditions until I wear them in those conditions. I also won't have an opinion on durability until I've had them for awhile.  I surely would rate them with 5 stars if they prove durable and waterproof. It took two days of wearing them for the uppermost section to become comfortable on my shins. They are so light and comfortable that I don't know I'm wearing them. I wear a size 10 and bought a size 10 and the sizing was accurate for me. Color-choice-wise I do wish that they were available in a solid brown color - I went with the black, and they are very black in color. At this point I would say that they were a very good choice, and over time I may decide that they were a most excellent choice.
B000BB15ZC Admittedly Admittedly, I was looking for style rather than function, but just know that it DOES NOT look AT ALL like it does in the picture. Notice there being "Green" in the description and there not being any green on the shoe except for the little tab at the top of the shoe. No, I'm not color blind, the photo-shop artist changed the shade of the picture and well, they did a good job.
B000BB15ZC Timberland Men's 18193 Hiker A very comfortable shoe which was easy to break in.  I have another pair in a different color, I already was familiar with the product.
B000BB15ZC that is ok that is ok,i like it,and i will buy it,color is ok,but somewhat lage,this is very good,i like this color and
B000BB15ZC nice looking boots saw great amount of reviews for these hiking/casual boots so i got them. i love them but 4 star i wish other colors were avalible in my size but im fine with noir color. i wore them out for walking but not hiking yet seemed to be comfortable so far. it might get hot tho since there are no vents on the boots but im not going to cry about it. i also checked timberland web site and didnt have any color either so is this discountinued?
B000BFIHVS Timberland's do not disappoint ! This is a very light pair of boots. The tread on the bottom is pretty inventive. They shed dirt quickly. The leather has a nice chocolate color while new.
B000BFIHVS Timberlands Actually wanted the lighter tan, orange color, but the boot is the same and if they wear as well as the pair they replaced I will be very happy.
B000BFIHVS The best boots for men Great shoes, I love the color and design, the store is professional is recommended. They are very comfortable, they have very good ergonomics.
B000BFIHVS Great boot Boots are very comfortable.  Ordered the color Gaucho, but received Brown.  Contacted Foot Paths (seller).  They said there is no Gaucho color only Brown.  After talking with their representative seems I am not the first to be misinformed.  Others have questioned their orders as well. Why does Amazon show two distinct color choices if only one is available?  Very misleading.  Needs to be corrected.
B000BFIHVS Brown a little more beautiful. It's my reason,too large.Overall, a good.ok.I want to buy next time.Brown a little more beautiful... ... ... ... ... ..
B000G23DQK Positive They are a beautiful color, and appear to be well made.  The size seemed a little large, but we will keep the boots.
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots!!! I ordered this boots because they where the  new version of timberland with waterprooof leather and a better confort insole, and they started to lose color!!! from the wheat color to a light brown. the outsole it appears to be incorrectly finish.
B000G23DQK love it becuz everything was exactly how i read it. Great shoe and even better price honestly. The color was dead on.
B000G23DQK Not What I ordered. The product that I thought I was buying was a certain color and double soled like the picture shows. Unfortunately that isn't what they sent, as I received a single soled boot that wasn't even the same style as the one I ordered. Make sure you check what you are buying as I thought I was getting a deal and then realized I could have gotten them cheaper somewhere else.
B000G23DQK timberland premium good value for the buck.  Leather is very nice indeed.  However, not sure why it is labelled premium. I hope they last as long as my Dunham boot.  I like the cognac color as opposed  to their normal color. Leather laces could be improved.
B000G23DQK Great The boot looks really great with perfect quality. The color is like what appears in the picture. My boy friend loves it.
B000G23DQK nice boots I like Boot's to be soft & flexible, Timberland provide me THAT with this Boots also the color is very niceThe price was good.
B000G23DQK Did NOT receive clor/style I ordered. I orderded these boots, but received a different stlye and color. I then found out that the stlye I want/ordered was OUT OF STOCK. Dissappointed.
B000G23DQK I didn't open and try it. I didn't open and try it cause I didn't  confident of hold this color.May be next time I will try.
B000G23DQK Birthday Gift. My boy friend, loved them. He was extremely happy to get them.  They were a gift for his birthday. He had a pair of dark grey and cleaned them with the suede brush and the color changed to the color of this boot and he said he wished he could get a pair in this color, because he liked the way the old boot looked after cleaning them.  Now he wants a pair in the dark grey, so please order some dark grey in 7.5 and notify me before XMAS..L.D. Hunter/New York
B000G23DQK Wrong color Edit: Right color, midsole just looks darker in person At first I was mad cause I thought you sent me the wrong color but you guys sent me the right one Midsole just a bit darker.
B000G23DQK good color The boot arrived on time as promise, I love the color, and it fits great. I have had the boot for over two months now and I have no complains.
B000G23DQK They were what he wanted These came in a timely manner. The price I got on here was much better than the manufacturers price. They fit my son like his original pair of Timberland boots, which is a half size smaller than his regular show size. He wanted the darker color so they wouldn't get as dirty looking as the lighter color of wheat. He wore his first pair of Timberlands just about everyday,except for summers, for the last 4+ yrs; which included slogging around college campus and college night life in the rain, sleet and snow. Other than being very dirty the old ones are still holding up great and expect these to hold up just as well. Before ordering, I had a question about the "rust" color because different web sites the rust looked anywhere from a brown to an orange shade of rust; it is more of a brownish rust.
B000G23DQK Tims The most comfortable boots ever made, If I could buy them in every color I would, not as scuff-proof as advertised
B000G23DQK quality boots the quality of the boots is great, but it hurts my inner ankle when I tighten it up. I love the color also.
B000G23DQK very satisfied The boots were exactly as I expected.  They are a bit hard to get on and off at first like any boots, but once worn-in, they are supremely comfortable.  I was skeptical at first choosing the red color ones because if the picture was inaccurate I would end up with some bright red tacky boots, but when I got them they looked just like the picture (a very nice brick tone color) so I was very satisfied with my order.  The order took as usual about a week.
B000G23X74 Great Dock Siders My husband has a hard time finding just the right color for his boat shoes/dock siders. These are fabulous. The front of the shoe isn't too long like some can be made. The color is a rich brown but not too dark and the fit was true to size. I would buy again.
B000G2419S timbs just used it yesterday loved it .i could run and stomp love it. Just want another color next time I buy one.
B000G24LJS Burgundy looks different in hand Loved the shoe but burgundy color on the actual product looks different from the display picture so had to return.
B000G24LJS Good shoes I thank you to the merchant who had delivered this boat shoes from Timberland with good packaging, condition and in proper delivery time as stated previously in the delivery info to Jakarta, Indonesia.When I look for the shoes I have to look at:1. The model --> I like boat (3 or 2 eyes) and oxford model for daily office use.2. The color --> I like dark color (black or dark chocolate/brown).3. The size --> I wear 44 EU/10.5  with wide 3E (mostly for Asian/Indonesian will fit 2 or 3 E)4. If there is a money in my pocket, I start looking the price, then --> Shipping cost is one of my biggest concern, because it will increase very much amount compared to the item's price itself.Btw, I wish the merchant can maintain good work by sending the right stuff and competitive price!!I wish Timberland still make the "boat shoes type" in their production line, cause this is one of customer's favorite and elegant/timeless model!I wish, between me and amazon.com (and their all good merchants) can construct inter-trust building for the good online dealing, cause this is not face to face transaction.Thank you,AnggoroIndonesia
B000G24LJS Timberland makes a great shoe I have worn these hard for several years now and they still are holing up.  I use a oiled show pong to clean them up.  It darkens them a little but they look like new with just a light buffing.  I have had brown and the reddish color.  Not crazy about the more red finish but the quality cant be beat.
B000G24LJS Timberland 3 Eye Classic Lug Mens Hey, i need help!!I wanna find this shoes in black color.Do you know if i can find this in amazon??
B000G24LJS Great buy! I wanted to buy these shoes for a while. The size fits perfect. The color was as expected. Comfortable to walk in and wear for hours together. Happy with my buy. Would consider buying again in another color!
B000HGZRUK Timberland Street Chukka 2 I love chukka boots! This one goes great with my collection, and wardrobe. The fit is great too. Highly recommend this wheat color, it accents many wardrobes.
B000QW02F0 Well built...tough to break in. I like the construction and the color-tone, but the padding at the top is a little thin. This causes a bit of irritation around the ankles at first, but it slowly gets better with time.
B000VW69IY best think that happen to my feet. Love them super comfortable. If your like me your not super confinable with have your toes exposed. I was very skeptical when I 1st consider purchasing sandals.  I am more of a sneaker head myself. I practical live in a pair of air force ones. They seamed like a good compromise between the two.  After the 1st time weaning them my position was changed. They work real well with a pair of jeans or shorts.  Would have give in 5 stars but the color was a little off.  Its little darker then in picture, but the comfort level makes up for it.
B000VW69IY I'm not happy Unfortunately, I got a completely different color shoes gray dark brown instead of light brown, nearly orange.But size is approached))
B000VW69IY Very nice pair of sandals. Unexpectedly, I received the sandals in another color than the color I ordered. The funny thing is the color I received was actually the color I wanted, but when I was ordering them they were showing to be out-of-stock. So things worked out great. The shoes are very nice looking and very comfortable. Shipping time was very good.
B000VW69IY Wrong Color These shoes are quite comfortable and I like the way they look in jeans or in shorts.  The only down side is I was sent the wrong color shoes.  I was on the fence as to which color I wanted and chose the one in my review but I got the tan oil color shoes instead which was my second choice.
B000VW69IY Not quite right I usually wear a size 7 and this fits a bit big. The color of the leather is a bit darker than the tan color shown in the picture.
B000VW69IY I don't like shoes the color wasn't the one I was paying for These shoes are not the color i got.  I wanted the color in the picture but the color I got is a tan brown
B000VW69IY Nice shoe. Was as I expected.Only the size was somewhat large, but still it fits.The color was not completely as on the picture.I can live with that.
B000VW69IY Color different Shoes are great, but the color is quite different than shown, more tan, less like the brown shown in the ad
B000VW69IY Very good Timberland 1) Timberland is the brand I love best.2) Right size 11W for me.3) Comfortable.4) I like the color.
B000VW69IY So comfortable! My husband like it very much and want another more color,  maybe black one is well if I choose for him.
B000VW69IY Fit well, look good color darker Look good, fit well but the color is darker than shown. I previously had a pair with color shown and loved them.
B000VW69IY Picture is off in color Tan is is not really color showed,a lighter brown however, suitable. Timberland should reconsider and not discontinue.Two pairs should last a few seasons
B000VWAB7Y Gorgeous...yes that's the right word even for men's shoes! It's more brown and less orangy as the online picture appears. Hubby was truly happy though he's VERY hard to please usually. and this is not even his usual style! color, texture, fit, all GORGEOUS! and at such a discount (more than half off) for Timberland shoes this was a great buy!!
B000VWAB7Y Love this shoe I love this style of shoe. I think Timberland did a great job with these. I should have bought all the colors available when they came out, or at least two pairs of the same. Wish I could have gotten some black ones. Still looking. I had another pair, they weren't the two tone ones like these (these have a leather bottom, and a nubuck top, and thus have two slightly different color tones), they are a dark brown. Loved those shoes, so I decided to get another pair before I really can't find them anymore. I like how they are basic, yet you can wear them to casual events, or everyday wear (oops, I think that's the definition of casual. HA HA). I mostly wear them with jeans. I like boat shoes, but most look too serious, or just bland. These still have that "air" of the boat shoe, but the sole makes it look and feel more modern. I wear a size 10 and these are labeled size 9-9.5 but having a previous pair I know they fit perfect, so yes, they run a little large. God I wish Timberland would get with the program and bring these back!!! In all flavors!!
B000VX01MS regular SHOES ARE TOO HOT. color match, size is correct, good quality, very nice item, color match, , color match, size is correct, good quality, very nice item, color match,
B000VX01V4 Great value for money Timberland is slightly cheaper than equivalent Sperry Topsiders but definitely is of similar quality. Really sturdy shoe and great color scheme goes with multiple different clothes and colors.
B000VX01V4 gorgeous classic Shoes are replacement for 20 YOA pair. New shoes are beautiful, I like the root beer color better than the older darker hue. Too new to rate for durability / longevity.
B000VX01V4 good This Timberland is very nice. It came the same size and the same color as i expected. i like it very much.
B000VX01V4 First pair of boat shoes and Timberlands The color is much darker than pictured, which I liked more. (Dark glazed wood)The fit is true to size.The quality is amazing for the price I paid.Would definitely purchase another pair in the future.
B000VX01V4 Like it anyway Actual color doesn't match amazon, but still ok. (mine is much darker)I think it's ok for timberlands boat shoes, but they aren't lighweight :)Look very good, needed some time for them to fit comfort.
B000VX01V4 Bad quality I have purchased the Beer/brown color model and it's broken since the second I used it. The insole comes off and it's disappointing not able to wear it anymore.
B000VX01V4 Great Fit This shoe arrived on the scheduled day.  The color was a little darker than I expected, but not a problem.  The fit was perfect.  I will enjoy these for years to come.
B000VX01V4 Not the color I expected I received these shoes today and I was disappointed to open the box and realize that the color of the shoes is not the one depicted online. The box says ROOTBEER/BRN which stands for the advertised color (Root Beer/ Brown). However, the shoes are much darker than the color shown in the picture online. I really wanted to avoid such a dark color for spring/summer. I would have definitely returned the pair if I had the time to look for another alternative and wait for it to be delivered.Other than that, this pair is my first pair of boat shoes. They are quite comfortable from day one and I believe that soon enough the leather will be come even softer.
B000VX01V4 disappointed doesnt fit my feetvery heavyand  it seem like another color with it`s on the screen. wont buy this anymore
B000VX01V4 Wrong color The color in your picture shows a typical Timberland boat shoe color.  The one you sent was very dark brown.
B000VX03GC Just what I wanted Because they are fantastic.Design, comfort, color like that.For all who like a pair of shoes of this style that it can be used in much of our daily lives
B000VX04DO Timberland 6inch premium-Black nubuck Classic boot. Classic color. Great price. Have been wearing Timberlands since the late 90's. These boots do run large, so size down half.
B000VX061O Fits perfectly When I first ordered it I thought it was a fake since back in Manila the price was almost doubled. To my surprise it wasn't and it fit perfectly and color was better in actuality.. Will buy again from dealer , maybe a different color . These are my staple shoes I use everyday.Thanks,Bob
B000VX1BUO Just outright amazing. + good price. color Brown/Brown,size 13 M. Fantastic Boots! They are very comfortable. I like to wear them almost 24/7(includes sleeping with them on). I felt so grateful for the quality of my boots I decided to do a review. Haha.
B000X46MOQ Timberland Pro Love this boot. Fits perfectly. Was comfortable right out of the box. Needed no break in time. The color and style was exactly as described.
B000XEAPDA Pick an half size smaller, if you plan on ordering on-line. The boot it self is great. Confortable, broke in easy. But, brown color , shows scuffs real easy, but really worth it.
B000XEH2JA A comfortable and well made boot ... Immediately the fit and comfort was appreciated on the job. Beware of shoes/boots that have stitching around the bending toes area,because overtime they always open up. This I imagine is a cost saving practice using smaller pieces of leather. Right out of the box these feel like they are broken in already. If there were anything to improve, I would say the laces need to be thicker, though they appear to be of some strong synthetic construction, and I wish these boots were available in a light brown/tan color. Oh and I did see the need after the first day working to purchase some color matching glue on boot tip protectors from Amazon.
B000XEIZ7S Wrong color shoes sent The shoes were great, but you sent Dark Mocha, instead of Brown/Brown. I don't know how this happen, since the packing list says Brown/Brown.
B000XEKHOC Not what i expected Is not that comfortable. The quality of the boots is fine. They are a little bit heavy also. I think i better had purchased the brown color boots.
B000XEKK94 Timberrrrrr! a great boot at a great price. My grandson asked that I  buy these, I thought, for winter snow use. But the kid wears them to his high school class and with dress pants. I dunno, I guess that's style, but he claims they're comfortable, looking great (not his word!) and maybe he'll even tie the laces. He wanted bright yellow but there was a good buy on the wheat color--and now his friends think this wheat tone  is THE color to buy. Anyway, price was right, Prime as my back up, and all is well. Boots with dress pants--waddai know.
B000XEKK94 Nice and comfortable however I received yellow instead of wheat color I ordered these shoes in wheat color and received them in yellow however, the shoes are very comfortable and would definitely buy them again.
B000XEKK94 Mechanic man These boots fit like a glove, they are very comfortable the first day that they were woren. They have soften up and are very comfortable to wear. The color could have been a little darker but the darker colored ones were more money
B000XEKK94 To light of color.. Don't like the color.. It's to light!!! I wanted a wheat color an this is what was sent to me...
B000XELF3O Very Nice Sturdy Shoes When I first tried them on, they are lighter than expected and fit well. I first didn't like that scratches are too noticeable; however, over time, the scratch getting lighter in color (mine is brown) and it looks even cooler with the scratches look like fine marble pattern.
B000XELF3O comfort boots I choose high rating because boots are very comfortable, like the dark color and are easy to put on, thanks
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Pitboss 6 "Boot acero-dedo del pie de los hombres, de trigo, 11,5 M good shipping box is extremely large as I charge the shipping to my country by volume I get another expensive part is that last time my boots pedi color and I came from a different color so that as I am sold and other country as I do the debolucion ..
B000XELF3O i like well i bought it from china&#65292;i like the color and fit well &#65281;just too slow from US to china.
B000XELF3O The right size These shoes are comfortable and was given a great price on them. Tried to find the half size in the wheat color but when i checked amazon for them i not only found they had half size but they also had them in black. Wow! I tried several stores for these shoes and only color was wheat or dark brown. So i'm very happy with this purchase.
B000XELF3O Good tim Perfect fit, nice color, very confortable, i wish it was little lighter. In general, I love my new tim shoes!
B000XELF3O Good quality boots & color My husband lives this brand and you can't go wrong buying any of their items.. Colo was perfect and style!
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Boot This boot is of good quality for the money. It fits well on the interior. I like the brown color and with a bit of waterproofing the leather repels the water nicely. The Amazon price of 90 dollars beat the local deparment store price by 20 dollars !!
B000XETJU0 jordaan received very good but the color was not sent to me and pedi brown wheat color I did not want that color
B000XETJU0 Very nice fit. Good fit, and very rugged. Darker color hides marks better. (I work in a warehouse.) I wear these more often than I expected to.
B000XETJU0 I like it Good product timberland proJust fine for a heavy duty work5 stars on the packing,I love the color
B000XETJU0 a liitle bit difference in color with respect to the picture compared with the picture, the boot is not as good-looking as what has been seen in the picture. But after all, it is a good one.
B000XETU1I Order 1 size down and beware of color Just received these boots.  I ordered just a half size down and my feet are pretty loose in boot.  I'm a solid size 10 and in these boots I probably could wear a 9.  The leather is soft and the boot is immediately comfortable.I liked the colors as shown in the description of the boot here on Amazon.  It looks like a subtle medium brown with gray laces.  The actual boot I received is an ugly reddish color.  The typical sort of cheap work boot color.  The laces are the typical yellow and brown striped as you would find on most typical cheap work boot.  Think of the boots you would see at KMart or other discount stores.I wanted to wear these as casual knock-around yet sort of stylish boots.  However, the color shipped look too much like your everyday cheapo work boot.  Fugly.  Shipping these back as soon as I get a few free minutes to go through the process. Yet again, Amazon wastes my time by showing the wrong picture in the product description.
B000XETU1I poor sizing, misrepresented color These boots run about 1 full size too large, the color is misrepresented in the photo, the boots are more red than shown. Most of the leather is soft, but the toe and heel are more rigid and have hard nodes that are uncomfortable. However, they are cheap and get the job done.
B000XEVM8W Timberland PRO Men's 40008 Mudsill Low Steel-Toe Lace-Up,Black,8.5 M the lace is not black color as advertised but blue-grey in color, misleading as advertised on the photo.no doubt it is light, fast to running-in after wearing for nearing 2 weeks. great stylish.will get another pair in the future provided it is as advertised black in the lace.
B000XF04LM Great shoe! Had the natural leather color before.  These are very comfortable, and the upper heal area doesn't wear out in these as many other brands do.  Got replacement insoles for my old pair, and now I have two pairs of these.
B000XF04LM Good Safety shoes Shoes appear to be of good quality and were worn for an 8 hour first day with minimal break-in time.  They also carry a satisfaction guarantee return policy from the company which is a comfort when purchasing.  The only problem is that Amazon can not come up with a uniform name for the brown color they use, one size will call it trail brown or coffee brown...but they are all the same when they arrive.
B000XF04LM Great Shoe... Maybe there are better alternative out there, but for the price I really like these. Fits well, no fatigued feet, well constructed but not too heavy, non-metal safety toe. This is my second pair in a different color. Make sure you order the correct size/color.
B000XF4D1Y nice shoes, comfortable M size is narrower than 2e size. the real color is slightly lighter than the ones shown in the image.
B000XR2GN4 Excellent Fit and comfort Just got these boots and have been wearing them for about an hour. I have to say these are the most comfortable work boots I have ever put on. Right out of the box. I will update this revue as they wear in a little.The only negative I have is that the boots received are a much darker brown than what is in the picture. As dark as the dark brown version sold on this sight. I'm ok with that as I was leaning toward the darker ones when I ordered but the wife thought I should go with the lighter ones. Just something to note when ordering. They will be darker in person. IMO the picture should reflect what you are getting.
B000XR2GN4 This pair of boots is quite satisfactory. This pair of boots a little too large, but also have a little difference in color and picture, the others are fairly satisfied.
B000XR30FM Great Boots at a Great Price I've always been partial to Timberland, and these are boots did not disappoint.  They're well constructed, sturdy and comfortable.  Loved the color too!  A nice rich color, not a dull brown.
B000XXGMRO Decent Boot I like this boot a lot.  They fit great, though the color was lighter in real life than the pictures - at least the brown ones I purchased were.
B000XXGMRO wonderful color and style,l'm loving it good shape and comfortable for my foot,i would rather to buy another one,i like it very much!!haha,suggest u to buy it !
B000XXGMRO Slightly too large Consider the size of this boot to be a tad bit too large. But wonderful color and style. You may have to send them back.
B000XXGMRO Order at least half a size smaller then usual My fiance ordered these boots in a 10.5 Wide, his usual shoe size.  After receiving them and trying them on it was very evident that they run large but are true to width.  He ended up getting a size 10 Wide and they fit much better, still having room to wear thicker socks with them.  These boots look great with a pair of jeans and can be worn casually or even be dressed up.  My fiance loves these boots and raves about how comfortable they are.  The color did vary a little from the picture, they were a lighter brown than was shown but he ended up liking them more than the dark brown pictured. He ordered them in the burnished brown color.
B000XXGMRO Love Timberland The Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 6" Lace-Up Boot are just beautiful. I dont know what else to say. The Burnished Brown color of this boot is perfect. This are really comfortable boots.
B000XXGMRO Wrong color They sent me the wrong color boot. It was too late to send them back because I had worn them already.
B000XXGMRO Perfect Casual Boot I have no complaints here, loved these boots. I'm ordering another pair in a different color. It definitely exceeded my expectations.
B000XXGMRO Color is different from the one on the picture The color is different from the picture (I ordered Burnished Brown and it is not as in this picture, but it is like on Timberland website if you check) and also are bigger than my standard number (I need at least one number smaller than usually).
B000XXGMRO Wrong color ? Or sun faded Nice boots but they sent me the wrong color ! I ordered dark brown and I received light sun faded boots . The boots look like they were in a store front window for several months being faded by the sun. .
B000XXGMRO Really, really nice boots. These are the first pair of boots I ever buy, and at the beginning I was a little unsure... then when I opened the box... I like them a lot, and after a few hours... definitely the most confortable shoe I've wore in the last 3 years. I like them a lot, unfortunately geting my size is quite hard so that constraints the color options. Anyway I got the burnished oil dark brown, they look a little different from what the picture portraits, but for sure they are a good looking pair of boots. Looking forward to the more boots from timberland.
B000XXGMRO Good boot but color???? Hey Folks, this boot really look good and comfortable when you wear. I ordered dark brown.But the product I received is faded brown. Looks like product was on display for long time.I contact amazon and they sent me replacement. Its still the same. So if you order dark brown,expect to receive sun faded brown. Its not smooth brown as shown in the picture.
B000XXGMRO To Large. I really like it. I just had a little 3 little problems.1- I read the reviews and decide pick 1/2 size smaller, but in the same way it still was too large. I exchange for 1 size smaller and it was fine. Amazon worked well and help me exchange for the correct size.2 - The color, my order was Dark Brown Burnished Oiled, but came to me a boot with just a spot of the real color in the front and the rest of the boot was different brown (clearer). The boot should be a whole same color. I decided keep it because I liked that diference of color but somebody could not like that.3 - I could see some risk in the leather.
B000XXGMRO Not same color The color is completely different as showed in the picture, is lightly brown. When I requested my exchange I remarked the color issue but no body read it. Amazon is a great company but needs to be more efficient than fast.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots, Poor advertisement These boots are fantastic, I love the style and the fit, but the actual color is much closer to that of the brown option, not really a dark brown like in the picture provided.
B000XXGMRO Cool!I like it!a little large ,whatever! Very nice,I like it!Cool and beautiful.The color is shane,but a little large.If u want it,suggest smaller than u want.whatever,I just like it!
B000XXGMRO Great comfy boots! Be wary of leg rub I have an injury which caused my gait to be somewhat awkward and with the boots cinched up, I had some rubbing on the outer side of one leg, very obnoxious as it's the tendon and it will make you want to hate the boots.  I don't cinch that tight or as high up and the boots feel like walking on marshmallow clouds! These are worth the money and the concious factor is great with the recycled products that go into this boot.  The weight is great on the foot to where the legs don't tire, unless you're doing major hill climbing, but break them in and you'll be alright.  I would suggest hitting them with some coating of wax to keep the leather from losing anymore color.  I would describe the color to be almost a tan brown close to a desert sand color.  You can add some shoe shine to buff them but I want to get the cherry color and compare.
B000XXGMRO Great boot I own a pair of Timberland shoes that are similar; unfortunately, they are coming apart and needed to be replaced.These are the same color, material, and have a similar design, except they come above the ankle. These are very comfortable and most likely they will become the ones I wear most often.
B000XXGMRO all wrong boots showed up damaged with hot glue on the back.wrong color also,terrible.
B000XXGMRO OH MY GOODNESS I had been looking for a nice pair of every day boots for a while and even went as far as looking on youtube for reviews. After much thought and debate i went with these and...HOLY POOP i am soooo glad i chose these. They fit amazing ( be sure to order a half size smaller than what you wear, they do run a tad big), the color was is great too. i got the dark brown oiled ones and they are a little richer looking in person vs the pic, but i like that look. After i applied some obenauf's they got a little darker but nothing to worry about, give it a day and they will be back to normal color. They feel broken in from day one and don't hurt your feet at all, they have good toe room and arch support. They come with an anti-microbile spray pre applied from the factory too. i will update with any new developments i.e. wear, welt or stitch problems, etc
B000XXGMRO good boot&#65292;very like it! it's very classics,but don't like some one say must choose small one,I think it's a little narrow.but the length it&#8216;s ok.the burn color i very like it!
B000XXGMRO fit good Hand shoes color and image color differences, please pay more attention to carefully observe&#12290;Hand shoes color and image color differences, please pay more attention to carefully observe.&#35828;&#23454;&#35805;&#65292;&#36825;&#20010;&#38795;&#23376;&#30340;&#39068;&#33394;&#21644;&#22270;&#29255;&#19978;&#30340;&#24046;&#36317;&#26377;&#28857;&#22823;&#21834;&#65281;
B0010L9KDQ GREAT Love my new women's Timberland boots, the color and the style. Greatfit, feel comfortable, and very stylish. Would like them in other colors
B001707XTI Cute but not resll]y black boots I love Timberlands and these boots were alittle disapointing.  The color of the boot is like a faded black and the briight red shoe strings do not really complement the  boots. On the other hand they are different and comfort is not  an issue.
B001760K56 Different Colors, Different Sizes Reading the other reviews I was a little wary about how the boot was going to fit. I own a custom made pair of Timberland Boots, but have never actually bought a pair from a store.  For the price, I couldn't decide over one color or the other, so I ordered both -the brown and the tan.  I normally wear a ten in shoes, but prefer to buy an 11 in boots.  The brown and the tan, although, the same size, did not fit exactly the same.  The brown pair feels like an 11 and the tan, a 10.  The color in both is rich.  The leather is smooth and soft to the touch, but rugged enough for the elements.  I wore the tan boots in the rain and my feet were warm and dry the entire day.  The boots are extremely comfortable and needed no breaking-in time.  My only disappointment would be the heel of the tan boots.  I drive a standard transmission vehicle, and I noticed, especially with the left boot (the clutch foot), that the heel was quite loose -not when I walked, only when I was shifting gears.
B001760K56 Nice boots I like these boots, the color and style are great, however they run large - I take a 7.5 and they are too large even with heavy socks - returning and maybe trying a 7
B001760PQA I found it! I got these shoes when they first came out and I loved them.  I wanted to get them in every color available.  They are so comfy and lasted forever.  I've been looking for these shoes for the longest time and couldn't find them anywhere.  I found them here but they don't come in my size in the color I want them.
B001760QX2 Gotta get 'em!! I bought these boots on a whim... of course my whim lasted about 2 weeks while I debated the wisdom of spending $200 bucks on a pair of boots that I really didn't have much to match with.  But let me tell you these boots are the best things in my closet now.. they are way past comfy, they really sexy and light brown color is hot... I keep getting compliments when I wear them and they are worth every penny... I'm thinking about getting the black or the dark brown.. u won't regret getting them :)
B0017T1LOC Great Price For A Name Brand I paid $11 for these timberland shorts.  They look pretty good on and I like the color. When washed they tend to wrinkle a little more than I would like, but you can't beat the price.
B00189QZBU the backend of two shoes are not the same height I bought this shoe for my brother&#65292; he's 6ES and the size fit him well&#65292;but the backend height of the two shoes are not equal...and the color is not quite the same with the picture in amazon
B0019R1F1G Great I got these for my mom for Christmas, she absolutely loved them.  She most liked that they're a different color than what is normally seen.
B001ABO2FC Great Boots Great deal.  I wanted the black ones but cognac color was the better deal.  No regrets everybody ask where I got them.  I send them to Amazon.
B001ABO2FC Another hit from Timberland This is one good looking,well made boot. When I first opened the box I wasn't sure of the colorcontrast (the toe,eyelet color is light) but after putting them on with a pair of jeans it's notso bad,keeping them clean will be tough though. The fit was true to size and they are very comfortable. All in all ,a great purchase.
B001ABTE7S GOOD LOOKING , AMERICAN SIZED BUT HARD AS ROCKS THESE ARE NICE AND SPACIOUS BOOTS AND THE BURGANDY IS A HARD COLOR TO FIND BUT MY GOD THEY COME WITH NO INTERIOR CUSHIONING SO BEWARE.....IT TOOK 2 SETS OF INNER CUSHIONS TO RENDER THESE WEARABLE.  IF IT WERE NOT FOR THE COLOR THEY WOULD HAVE GONE RIGHT BACK.THEY ARE DRESSY ENOUGH FOR WORK ON IN CLEMENT DAYS BUT THAT HARD FOOT BASE ALMOST GOT THESE A 1 STAR RATING.
B001AQRVH8 Wrong Color I bought them go with my jacket for a party, but I received them in wrong color.
B001AQU1DO The Right Fit I LIKE THE SHOE BUT THE COLOR I THOUGHT WAS A MIDNIGHT BLACK, BUT I DO LIKE THE CHOCOLATE COLOR OF THIS ONE ALSO
B001AQU9S6 Footlocker sent me a black boot instead of the Burgundy boot What would I have wanted to know before I purchased this product? I would have wanted to know if they didn't have the color they showed in the picture, which was Burgundy. If I had known that I would have never ordered it. I am a female and I don't want a black timberland boot. The burgundy was a really pretty color and more suitable for a lady. I am very disappointed and will have to now search elsewhere for what I want. I thought I was going to get what was shown in the picture, but it didn't work out. You live and learn - and I learned really well this time around. I am hoping for a refund as soon as possible.
B001AV2TRA Very good shoes I bought this Timberland Men's Earthkeepers lace-up for men.When i got it had darker color than brown, but still it was very nice.Shoe has high quality leather material with it's rubber sole.It was an item that i expected! Just Super!
B001AV2TRA color, model, making - all good I just ordered the wrong size and I gave it to my brother who has larger Everything looks good but foots.
B001AV2TRA True to size, not true to color, and a bit clunky I own several pairs of Timberland boots, and I needed a new pair of Oxfords to replace my Dockers Shelter oxfords. In less than 3 months of use the Dockers' soles are close to wearing out at the front. According to the reviews left by others I am not in the minority, and for this reason alone I decided to skip the Dockers and try a different brand. After searching for a few minutes I came across the Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Oxford. I figured they had to be as good as their boots; I was wrong. As a few others already pointed out the color is more dark chocolate (wenge). This alone was not the deal breaker though. The soles are heavy and and somewhat rigid which makes walking in them a bit cumbersome.**** Edit 10-18-12 ****Anyone considering the Eartkeeper Oxford's should consider the Madison Summit's instead. They have none of the issues I listed above.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001KOMB8E/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_9?ie=UTF8&smid;=A1HHNK9O9KHPAW
B001AV2TRA Wow... um not the same shoe! One of the major downfalls of buying online. I recieved these and they are a great shoe but the color depicted is way off. The shoe I received was a dark chocolate - almost black. Brown is definitely not the color so just a warning.
B001B7FP8I Better than expected The bottom color is a dark and rich brown; the top is a little lighter than I would like but by applying some water protectant, it turned to a great brown. The sole is certainly made to grip on the ice. The lining is not a pure white, nothing like what you would find on an UGG shoe; I like this. The lining does its job very well and it provides a secondary level of cushion. I ordered to size and it fits great. Overall great shoe.[...]
B001EWFF30 it's very good! Timberland Men's 18128 Flume Boot,Dark Brown,it's very good and  perfect fit,  Comfortable also nice color  fast  transper is it .
B001FA1IGY perfect Just like the photo, good buy. Measurements are good and the tone color is like photo thank you.thr package was neat too
B001FA1IGY Picture is different from what you think you are receiving. I thought I found the perfect boat shoe to replace my Dexter's, but when I received them you notice the brown/brown does not match the picture which appears to be an oily look but really has a suede look.
B001FA1IGY I wouldn't suggest them... leave much to be desired Given the brand I was thinking I was going to be getting a great product, and it is an ok shoe but it wasn't nearly as good as anticipated.  The shoe fit a bit small and while it isn't really uncomfortable I wouldn't say that it was comfortable either.  Also as many other people have reported in previous reviews, the Brown/Brown color is much lighter than what it looks like in the picture and the laces don't look like the picture at all (they are the shoe lace bow looking kind, not the strain across X look that they are showing in the picture).  I read these things in the reviews and decided for myself that I was ok with those things for the price (I got them for around $30 at the time) but honestly even despite the great price I wish I hadn't have gotten them, they sit in my closet and I almost never wear them.Bottom line, I wouldn't buy them again and wouldn't suggest them to others.
B001FXZU92 different color received. I ORDER FOR BRIAR COLOR BUT RECEIVED BROWN GRAIN LEATHER. NOT SURE WHETHER CAN BE REPLACE OR NOT. HOPE THEY CAN REPLY MY COMMENT.
B001N0KLKU Timberlands Best I bought these boots and they run true to size. Very comfortable and stylish.  The color makes it easy to go with anything you wear. The price was less than expected, they usually cost a few dollars more at other sites. I wish I had bought another pair for my daughter, because I can no longer find them.
B001PBK87I Very comfortable Just got these boots 4 days ago.  Wore them for the first time today; walked about 3 miles, mostly in 4 inches of snow.  Traction is good.  Boots are very comfortable right out of the box.  Wear size 9 Medium; ordered size 9 Medium; fit is perfect.  Seem to be well constructed.  Personal preference, I like the dark brown color.  I will update the review if problems do occur.
B001SARJXC comfortably fit The boots fit comfortably and are surprisingly light. They are suitable for everyday wear.  May want to buy another pair of those in brown color.
B001SARJXC Brown oiled color is much darker Having just received these boots, I can't comment too much on the comfort and wear. I will say I was surprised that the brown oiled boots were much darker, browner than I expected. From the picture, it appears as though they have a reddish brown tint to them. They are however just "brown". None of the red tint that I hoped for. They are quite sharp though and the fit is quite true.
B001SARJXC i would like to change the color by mistake i ordered two pairs in the same color and i woud prefer to change the color, i still have one of them brand newis it possible?
B001VNCKJ4 Color not as described The shoes are great but the color I received was not the color that was described or the color that I saw in stores that I had visited when looking at the product.
B001VNCKJ4 Color a little different, fantastic shoe! I ordered these on Sunday, and they arrived on Thursday! The actual color is a little redder than in the pictures, and like everybody else says, size down. My feet are fairly wide, and I usually wear a 10.5 US, so I ordered a 10 instead of sizing down a full size and they fit perfectly.
B001VNCKJ4 Convenient, very beautiful, practical. I very much liked these boots. Very stylish look, color very well looks with jeans. Convenient, the size fits true.
B00261CDYW I am so happy with them the color is great
B00295RHNM Great boots - stylish and not that heavy I like these boots. Fit as expected - I can wear them the whole day. Color is also really nice one.
B00295RIW2 Love these! I recommend these shoes to anyone who is on their feet a lot. VERY good cushion Better than any other work clogs I have tried. I like the blue/brown combo as its still stylish but not flashy. I have problems with my heels and when I wear these I feel no pain at all. Sadly these are sometimes hard so if you find your size and color, snatch them up. You won't regret.
B002CVUSY8 Timberland rocks. Great support, super comfortable shoe.  But...I sent these back.  BUT only because my BF prefers black shoes.  He's weird, I know but I wasn't going to spend $$ if they would sit in the closet.  He DOES own these in black & LOVES them.  The color of this pair is is a beautiful tan/brown & for normal people most men would love them.  If you don't own a pair of Timberland you're missing out.  They will last forever & your feet, knees & back will thank you for buying quality shoes.
B002NEGCC6 WRONG COLOR - WRONG BROWN PHOTO POSTING.....,  A 2 SHADE LIGHTER BROWN SHOE COLOR POSTED***** The Photo That Is Showing The Color Of This Shoe Is The Color I Presumed I Was Purchasing And Were Looking Forward To Owning But When I Received The Shoes, They Fit Nice But Was The Wrong Color.... The Color In The Photo Is A Much Much Lighter Brown Than What Was Received, The Shoes I Received Were Dark Brown But Not The Dark Brown In The Photo, Which Was Very Disappointing, The Shoes I Received Were About 3 Shades Of A Darker Brown, The Shoes In The Photo Are Lighter Caramel Color, The Shoes I Received Are A Chocolate Brown.... I Really Would Like To Own The Shoes That Were Advertised In The Photo....
B002NEGCC6 Timberlaned Men's City Adventure-Front Country Slip-On, Dark Brown Suded, 9.5 Love the color. I have three other pairs just like that. I love the way it looks and how comfortable it feels
B002NEGCC6 Great Shoe It looks good and feels great. The sizing is true to form. Definitely interested in purchasing one in another color.
B002PMURGI Price increase the color brown / brown increase in 5 days $ 30 seems an exaggeration I had them in my car and suddenly nearly 100 dollars
B002PMURGI GREAT shoes These are incredible and worth every dollar. the material is true leather and soft, it smells great and the color is exactly as pictured. Very soft to the feet, comfortable, highly recommended.
B002PMURGI As seen on the web. It fit exactly as expected and the shoe (color, design) is exactly as seen on the picture on the website.
B002WJHCVC Color bleed These socks look ok, but there is serious color bleed. so do not wear them with white-lining shoes, otherwise you will have a pair of black-inner shoes and a pair of black nasty feet.
B002WJHD20 Not as pictured The socks I received do not have the logo, do not have different-colored toe and heel, and are lighter color than pictured.  They are thin and the elastic is very tight, leaving rib marks on my shins.
B002WJHD5M Great buy! Good size, color, and fit. Great boot socks. Shipped next day and made it in time for Valentine's Day. Highly recommend.
B002YOMJPY The best possible price for the quality I had bought a pair before in another color, quality can not be discussed, and the price even better, if you buy a boot for everyday use and very durable, these are indicated.Only agrable must choose a color for you and now this.
B002YOMJPY Great buy ! Right out of the box they were everything I expected from the color to the thickness of the soles,I will definitely be ordering another pair real soon.Thanks.
B002YOMJPY Great boots. Wore them out of the box for a weekend disc golf tournament in hilly conditions, they were comfortable the whole day.  they fit as expected, don't seem to run large at all.I'll be buying another pair soon, in a different color.
B0034G54BM Fits snug at first, but breaks in well Love these, ordered them in another color as well. They take awhile to break in, and I was considering ordering the next pair a half size larger -- but then after about 2 months of continuous wear, they fit great. I do with there were more holes for tightening the upper leg and ankle after the break-in period, but I suppose I could just add that myself with a leather punch...
B0034G558E Perfect fit.  Timerland's last for ever, true picture of color and style too.  No need to have to go through the wearing in process - as comfortable as anything!
B0034G558E Lovely! Sometimes it's tough to tell what an online shoe purchase will look like; these photos are very true to color and thank goodness Timberland offers half-sizes.
B0034G558E comfy and pretty! The foot bed is so comfortable and the leather is so thick and supple!  They are nice and snug on my skinny ankles, but the laces are functional for anyone who has thicker legs.  The color is a rich mahogany, I love these!!
B0034G558E Constant compliments True to size, great color, require some breaking in. I get compliments every time I wear them. They work with most anything in your wardrobe.
B0034G558E Great fit - Nice loooking! I just bought these but so far they've been very comfortable even with a pair of light weight socks on. I found them true to size and they're really easy to adjust if they're tight around your calves. The lace up is functional. I wish I'd waited a week when they were $20 cheaper, but all in all I'm satisfied and will probably buy them in another color.
B0034G558E Great Boots, Best fit, Best price, Color just as described . Love Amazon ! , I love casual boots and I have been looking at these Timberlands for a long time. All I can say is thank you Amazon :) after reading some of the reviews that said they ran narrow or color was different than pictured I decided to go with my own feelings. I wear a 7 m and love the dark brown. So that's what I ordered.....Fit like a great feeling glove, color ....PERFECT :)  Price is not beaten anywhere else.  (GREAT PRICE TOO).  Thank you so much Amazon
B0034G5KAC Great quality boots I have been searching for 2 winters for good quality boots in this color.  I finally decided to try on amazon and was glad I found these.  Very well made and can be casual or dressed-up.  The only negative is the brown leather in the  middle.  I thought it was suede, but it's more like an oiled leather.  Still, you won't find better made for the price.  I hope to enjoy them for several years to come.
B0034G5KAC Timberland Women's 23699 Earthkeepers Bethel Boot,Brown ,7.5 M US they are comfortable, the heel lifted somewhat, instead of sending back i bought a heel insert and works great,  This is a definite keeper of a boot and love the dark brown color vs the black (which I returned.  Love Timberland quality and Amazon return policy.
B0034G5KAC Classic and comfortable Nice color, well made, true to size fit.  I've only worn them once, but have no complaints.  I have slender calves and they fit well .
B0034G5KAC It was gorgeous !! Timberland Women Boots was so gorgeous. It was looking slim.The size was perfect. The brown color was litte dark.
B0034G5KAC Timberland Strikes with Fashion I absolutely LOVE my boots! They are so fashionable. I spit shine the toe and which enhances the beauty and style of them. The color is is deep and rich.
B0034XS2WS mens shoes great price just what i wanted in size and fit with super fast delievery. also i got the right color i wanted.
B0034XS48K the color sucks the color in the amazon website and the real color when you get the shoes is different of course i got them because the color in the amazon website, the actual color is darker,
B0034XS4OY Comfortable and Durable This is my second pair in a different color. I am hard on shoes and the Timberland Men's City Adventure is a incredibly durable shoe. The soles do not wear and have great traction in slippery conditions. They are very comfy also.
B0035LD0WQ EXCELLENT color match, Good quality, very nice item, color match, , color match, size is correct, good quality, very nice item, color match,  color match, Good quality, very nice item, color match, , color match, size is correct, good quality, very nice item, color match,
B0035LD3ZA Nice boots, watch out size! These are very nice boots. I like gray color, it is like a neutral color, and I can use with any color of shirt or jeans. Take care the size of these boots. I wear 9D, or 9E in most of the brands; but, I have to change to 8E because 8.5 and 9 were biggers! It was easy and fast the procedure to return, refund, and buy new ones in different size.
B0037CW26I It's okay however I think I got a different color I ordered the Brown one but It's very dark compared to how it shows in all the pics online. I think they sent me by mistake the Dark Brown. Otherwise it's nice.
B0038JCZ9Y My Most Comfortable & Stylish Boot Ever!!! When I received this boot and then tried it on, I was absolutely, overwhelmed with the comfort and so delighted with the style. This is my first Timberland boot and I was uncertain about size, but I ordered a 9M and to my surprise it was a perfect fit! Adore the beautiful, dark brown color and the feel of oiled leather. Quality of workmanship and leather is superior. Very generous width in the shaft, so easily accommodates leggings or jeans. As they are so comfortable, I can wear them all day. Have worn them shopping and they don't tend to scuff easily. Dress them up or down for so many great looks. I would love to buy the lighter brown color, when it is available. Would definitely recommend this boot as it's very comfortable, versatile and extremely stylish. A fantastic price from Amazon Germany and the service was excellent.
B003AZZLCO Great boots! I love these boots!  When I first tried them on they were a half size too big, but after I put insole in, they fit perfectly!  The color(tan) is great.  The leather is soft and comfortable.  We'll see how long the white bottoms last, but I really like the look.  I'm gonna buy the brown/plum ones as soon as I can afford them.
B003BLP4EC Excellent! These boots adorable, sturdy and comfortable for my 4 year old daughter.  I bought the dark brown color in my daughter's normal size so they run tts for us.  Also, they look more like a utility boot in the picture than they do in person.  They're great with jeans, dresses and skirts!  I highly recommend them.
B003ELOZSU Barely true to size...pretty snug...but would have still give 5 stars... In heels I'm usually a 5.5 but in a boot I wear a 6 and that's what I got.  I wanted a really good snow boot and I'm not at all disappointed with these.  I have already worn these over jeans and under wide leg pants.  They go with everything in color and with casual or professional wear.  My feet stay warm and my butt stays off the icy floor.  Due to picture I was expecting a lighter bone color and got a more diriter bone color which still works for me.  In fact, I like the way they look like my husbands military boots so now I have my own too.  I would have given these a 5 star rating if it wasn't for my VERY BAD AMAZON EXPERIENCE!I bought these with 2 other snow boots during Cyber Monday and got them 2 days later with Prime shipping which I think is great and always on time. However, instead of getting a total of 3 boots that I originally ordered I got 6. For some reason, this boot was ordered an additional time and charged on the default credit card saved on my profile. An other boot I ordered was charged 2x and shipped also. When I called Amazon, the rep I got couldn't understand me and I could barely understand her. Then they had UPS pick up only 2 of the boxes not three and I have yet to get a credit or hear back. I would have loved to give a 5 star rating but I am not very happy with the addtional $300 charged on my credit card! It seems as though there might have been a computer glitch because my account is not compromised for any other reason. Amazon has never let me down in the past, I just wish this would be resolved already!
B003EO8PDS Love Em This boot arrived earlier than expected and while I've tried them on briefly I haven't yet taken them out of the box for any extended duration since I've simply been staring at them in the box for a few days...however I'm positive I will finally get up enough nerve to wear them out of the house. Please note that the color of the fabric running down the side of the brown version of this boot is green as the picture on this site doesnt show clearly.
B003EO8S7G good looking shoe and looks to be well made Picked these up on sale from amazon. For the price I am very happy (orange/brown color). They look great and seem to be very well made. I picked up a pair of Reebok zigs at the same time (which I also like) and these timberlands are easily superior for the build quality of the upper. They also seem to run true to size (I wear a size 12 and they fit perfectly). Good pair of shoes for both casual wear and light hiking/trail running.
B003F24A6U Good fit. I'm happy that this pair of size 7.5 Timberland's fit just like the pair they replaced.  I was disappointed in the color.  I wanted a darker shoe and the color read that way on my monitor, but the lighter shade is really a true light beige and the blue is also a very light shade.  They remind me of a bowling style of shoe, but what the heck they fit, so I kept them.
B003FQL0D2 WRONG PICTURE! I bought this ones as a gift to my brother that was visiting me from other country. And we were really disappointed when they came home. Beware because this is not the real image of the item that you'll be purchasing, the actual ones are gray with a lense that has a realy soft tint, it feels almost like if you are using the prescription ones. I love the shape but hate the color on the lenses.
B003TFEA5O Nice Boot I already have the tan color boots and love this color too. very comfortable.The price was excellent as well
B003TFEA5O Timberland Women's Bethel Buckle Boot I got these for my daughter and she absolutely loves them! I was hesitant to get them since I thought the color looked a bit orange but in fact they are a nice color of brown. The fit is perfect and these boots will only look better with age as the leather is beautiful!
B003TFEA5O Top pick boots I have had the camel color Bethel boots for 3 years and receive compliments EVERY time I wear them, so I decided since they are high quality, COMFORTABLE, stylish boots, why not get a 2nd pair???  My requirements for comfort are very high, so when I find a brand that is extremely comfortable, I stick with it.  The color of these burnished brown is very versatile and will go with almost anything!
B003TFEA5O Beautiful color boots Very comfortable and true to size. My wife loved these boots! I am glad that he had purchased them)) .
B003UFJCP6 Disappointed Just received my order. But I am disappointed in the color. I ordered the black boots shown in the picture. When I opened the box, they were not as shown in the picture. They were all solid black "suede". NO patent leather AT ALL. I will probably end up keeping them but will not wear them as planned. Thought the patent leather gave it more of an upscale look but they are just above average without it. Still up in the air on returning but will probably just keep them.
B003UFJCP6 MyTwoCents I freaking love Timberlands. On girls, on boys, on kids, on old people....Whoever, whenever. My issue though, was that I didn't necessarily think that the regular "Construction," style would work with my every-day wardobe.A few years ago, I got these same "moccasin," type Tims in the regular nubuck color. Loved them and wore them throughout the year. Next year, I saw them in the dark brown with green trim. Got them. Love them. Then those both started to wear down after multiple use, rain storms, a little child's play, and regular wear and tear. Those became my play shoes, and I bought these "Grey," (but I consider them black)Tims.I picked up my box and immediately knew.My heart got caught in my through, my hands started to tremble,s I began breathing hard....I LOVE THEM. Soo versatile, girly but still tough, maximum comfort, compliments galore, durable and even more so because I sprayed them with a water resistant spray.I have no complaints about these beauties. Buy them quick so that you can gloat about being one of the first to have them because honestly, these are considered originals among the other trendy combat boots and leather-sued combos. I just need to figure out my next color! I think that a lighter grey would be fabulous!
B003VMVXDW Love the Velcro straps!! I bought these sandals because I like the brand and I liked the design.  They have held together pretty well and they seem pretty durable for the time being.  I recommend these to others for sure.  I guess the only thing that could be different would be different color selection, but that is not really a big issue to me.
B003VQNE12 Love this sneaker! Great sneaker, comfy. I purchased them for the color and it was well worth it. My friends couldnt believe that they were timberlands. Get them!!
B0040MYY74 just good the color of the lens is too light. but quality is fine and fit for my face, i like this style
B0040UDP6C slow shipping, great price Pros:Great price, I got this pair with less than 40 bucks.The shoes is really comfortable and good quality.Cons:Slow shipping. It took more than one week to arrive.Pay attention! The color is a lot different from the picture. The real one is much darker.
B0041FWVV6 Eco-conscious, comfy, stylish (but "gray" is taupe) There were two reasons to buy these sandals: 1) They were available in hard-to-find size (5.5 W); and 2) they were offered in gray (preferred cool/light neutral).FEATURES/COMFORT: As other reviewers mentioned, these sandals are really comfy and sturdy without being clunky. Fits true to size. Cute, subtle embroidery on the outer leather strap matches the mesh fabric. The straps are padded inside. Hook-and-loop ankle strap sits lower on the ankle. Ankle strap features grosgain ribbon detail, is velcro-adjustable, and features a pull tab in the back.The mesh upper adds a stylish breathability (50% recycled PET). Contoured anti-fatigue footbed is covered in sturdy, breathable fabric-like material (50% recycled PET). Firm but supportive, as is the flexible rubber outsole (42% recycled rubber). Low-profile" translates to a ~13/16" heel.COLOR: Purchased the "gray/blue." Picture is more accurate than the color description. Leather upper is really taupe (grayish-brown), not gray. Mesh fabric upper is really periwinkle (bluish-purple), not blue. Reluctantly deducting one star for the inaccurate color description.However, taupe is still a workable summer neutral. With the periwinkle fabric upper, should match or complement many summer outfits. Well-made and comfy (so I'm keeping them!).The Pinkham Notch ankle-strap is a great alternative to flip-flops and can be worn with shorts, skirts, capris, or cargos/jeans.
B0041FX750 Timberland Richtor Oxford I received these today and immediately put them on.  The are very comfortable and true to size but make my feet look smaller.  They are a slip on type, which makes them more comfortable to me, to don't be fooled by the shoe strings.  I would recommend them. Headed back to the sight to order a different color now.
B0043QGPKQ good leather shoes satisfied! I recommend good stuff classic color and size request was that the shoe can be used for day to day is quite comfortable and comfortable particularly to my taste I buy shoes usually prefer no cord and dark brown colors
B0044KN0PO Beautiful Timberland boot and color. Love my new Timberland boots. Perfect fit, beautiful color and I love wearing them. Many comments when I wore them.
B0049MODHQ Very nice sweater. High quality. After buying one of these Timberland pullover sweaters real cheap at Costco, I wanted and bought more of them.  Gotta match the color to your pants!  Unfortunately, in my opinion, they are quite pricey when not bought at Costco.  However, their fit is great.  They wash without losing their shape or color.  That little mp3 pocket is incredibly convenient.  The material is absolutely perfect, just the right thickness and softness.  My only complaint (besides the price), is that the material can be a magnet for lint, but if you have a clean house, that's not really that big a problem. For me, I should wear a size Large, but I like a loose fit, so I bough the XL.  It looks perfect and slim on me.  No one complained that my clothes looked to loose. This is a high-quality and worthwhile item.
B004FESCK2 I love these shoes and this color... These are comfortable, warm and stylish.  They stopped making this color, so I had to buy a pair a half size too big, but they are so great I didn't care.  :)
B004FHCKDE great shoes my favorite pairs of shoes over the years, so was excited to find them. However, please note that the color is Copper; which is a lot lighter than I expected - not the typically brown color
B004FHCKDE Beware of the color on the picture I bought these shoes thinking they were dark brown. Instad what I got were a pa&iacute;r of very light brown shoes and I don't lime them.
B004H4WSBE was hoping for nicer It is the Pique type of knit which is rather rough.  It is not the soft, smooth jersey type of cotton.  The Antique white color is more nearly beige. Stitching around the pocket and collar is a contrast color of thread, a darker beige.I didn't take it out of it's clear plastic wrapper since the color, and knit were not what I wanted so I don't have a clue about the fit or the quality of the make.
B004J2HSIC Not satisfied Boots are good, as it is price. But:1. They arrived 1 day after the maximum predicted by Amazon, 6 days after the minimum predicted. Too many.2. Box was neither nice nor distinctive. I expected it to be better from a top brand like Timberland. Was it the original?3. No inside box description of the boots specs-features. Nothing about gore-tex, leather care, properties... Just the boots.4. And most important, color shown is not real. Brown leather, latte nylon in picture; brown leather, green nylon in boots. Other customers did complain about it. I told it to Amazon some days before ordering, they answered color shown was fine, it was not true.Before this, I was a satisfied Amazon customer. Now, I'm not. I don't want return the boots. They are good. But I'm not satisfied.
B004K22U84 Timberland Earthkeepers a good bang for your buck Timberland's Men's Earthkeeper City Zip Lace-Up Boots are the first pair of boots I've owned in a long time, and the first pair of zip-ups I've ever had. Since receiving them in December, I've worn them pretty much every day to work and sometimes to go out and/or bike around the city. They are perfect everyday shoes, quite comfortable, and extremely easy to slip on and off because of the zipper on the inside of each boot. The two-tone color is pretty eye-catching and will provide you many opportunities to be complimented, though I must admit it what they call grey is definitely more of a chocolate brown color. My only complaint is the laces, which are thin, unwaxed multi-strand strings rather than the cords one might expect to come with a good pair of boots. Though they match the chocolate color of the upper part of the boot, they are less than desirable. However, the zipper prevents them from being used regularly. Finally, the boots themselves are quite sturdy, with a one-inch 'Green Rubber' sole which has held up quite well. Aside from the regular and expected scuffing, mostly at the toe, from general wear and tear, my boots are as good as new and I still receive compliments from people assuming they're new. They were definitely a good purchase, especially for the Amazon Gold Box Special price they were being offered at.
B004K66PAE Dark Olive...Sharp looking! Hi ordered two pairs because I truly was looking for the black and the brown.  I found the brown at a great price but the black was not available in my size. With much hesitation, I decided to buy the dark olive, I figured that if I didn't like it I could always send it back.  I just got them yesterday and when I opened the box and tried them, I was happy.  These are beautiful, quality made boots.  The best part was that the dark olive looks black and I really had to take take them around the house under different lights to make sure that they were olive.  I even thought that Timberland might have made a mistake and sent me the blacks instead.  I then placed them next to a black pair of pants, and I can see a bit of the dark green, but for the most part they really look black, maybe a lighter shade of black, nevertheless, black! I asked my daugther and husband and both of them said black of course! I took them outside during daylight and they look like a lighter black, not gray!  Bottom line, the brown is beautiful, the olive can almost be a black.  I like them and I am keeping them. In terms of size, they really are true to size if you have a regular type foot. I was initially thinking about ordering 1/2 size bigger but I am glad I didn't because they are perfect!  They would have been too big otherwise! I hope this helps!
B004K66PAE Great boot I read all the reviews prior to purchase. I do not usually buy shoes online but this was a grat deal and the reviews were very helpful. I love these boots they are light and feel great. I did buy 1 size larger than my regular but I feel that 1/2 size Larger would have been sufficient but these were on sale and that was my only option so i went a little big and wearing thick socks seems to work fine. The color seems true to picture a cinnamon orange-ish color. I put mink oil on them to darken them up and that worked for me. I love the height not too tall or too short. Love them!
B004K66PAE LOVE LOVE LOVE if i could afford to buy another pair in a different color i would. they are comfy, fit me perfect. a size 9. they seem waterproof too, havent had an issue with the leather getting wet. The boot looks great. many compliments when i wear them. i got the "copper" color i think its called. like a saddle color. just a great boot!
B004K66PAE My new favorite boots These boots took a while to break in, but now I absolutely love them. They are super durable - I bought them because of the thick sole and they are waterproof. They are also easy to clean. I am considering buying the same style in a different color.
B004K66PAE Nice but too small and dark I plan on reordering these boots in the next size up in a different color; the olive is too dark and looks more gray than green.
B004K66PAE Good Item It is a good item with bright color and shape. However, I am not sure is that a design with so many winkles on it.
B004K66PAE awesome boots I've already had it in dark olive, so I purchased ones in burgundy. Great color! it's just like it is on the images but there is a little difference between shades of color of the right and left sides of both boots on ankles.that doesn't make them worsecan be hard to pull on for those who have a high rise(just like I do ;)generally size fits. the boots have thick insoles. so you'd better order half size lageranyway I like this boots, comfortable and stylish and durable!
B004K66PAE I would give these boots 4.9 stars if I could. These boots are the PERFECT in between boot-casual, without being TOO casual and they still have a heel, so I don't look stumpy.  Plus they are SO comfortable.  I am normally a size 6 but went 1/2 size up because some reviewers said it was helpful but, more importantly, because they did not have the color I wanted in a 6.  The 6.5 fits well with thick socks, which is what I wanted anyway, so I am happy with the sizing, but I mention just to say that a 6 would have probably worked as well (but I might have had to stick with thinner socks).The ONLY reason that I don't give these a perfect 5 stars is something that might only apply to the artisan gold color (and maybe the copper as well).  Overall the color is GORGEOUS, but as part of the rugged patina, the color is inconsistent over the boot, which you can see in the photo here.  For the most part, I really like that, but the toe section of one boot is noticeably lighter than the other.  I don't think it is too bad, and a little shoe polish/leather conditioner will probably correct it in no time.  I love the boots so much I am not sending them back for this, but I just wanted to point it out in case it might bother someone else.
B004K66PAE Artisan-Gold-Beautiful Boots!! Ok, first I gave 4 stars because the right shoe is a little more narrow than the left but I think with wear it will be fine. second,the color is not what I expected, it is much more subdued and I LOVE it! I was worried they would be too orange but not at all. They seem really comfortable, but so far have only worn them at home. The heel is the perfect height to wear out or to run errands. I wear a 6 1/2 usually so due to the mixed reviews I went to the Timberland store and tried them on and they only had a 7 which was much too big but I don't like roomy shoes, with that said, the 6 1/2 is the perfect fit with the exception of the width on the right one- again should be fine (they apparently don't make the wide in a 6 1/2).They really are gorgeous and I am glad I took the plunge and got them. Now I have to decide on my next color....hmmmmm!!
B004K66PAE They look GREAT! These are comfortable and great looking. I tried many others before settling on this color and brand. I will continue to look for Timberland products.
B004K66PAE Exactly what I was looking for The fit is perfect. Sized well. I wasn't sure about purchasing shoes without trying them on. The color is beautiful, very comfortable boots. I will buy in other colors.
B004K66PAE Impressed with Timberland I had never really tried Timberland in the past, thinking that they were just too "outdoorsy" but their latest boot offerings are stylish and functional.  I ordered the dark brown color of these boots and the leather is nice, and the color is beautiful...so rich and deep.  I had to send them back, however, as I have really thin ankles and these are not as fitted at the ankle area as I would like so it throws off the proportion of my leg.  They fit TTS and seemed comfortable.
B004K66PAE Artisan Gold - lovely! These boots are great! They are true to size, and so comfortable that I have a hard time not wearing them every day. The Artisan Gold shade is gorgeous, and perfect for fall. I was a little worried by how bright it showed up on my monitor, but it is more muted in real life.All in all, a great purchase. I may go back for another color soon...
B004K66PAE Stylish & comfy Great for a casual look. They look good with my Jeans & poncho. Love he color and texture of the boot.
B004K66PAE Awesome looking Very difficult to pull on!The suede is beautiful, the color is exactly what you see online.There is no zipper which makes them hard to put on.
B004K66PAE My favorite boots These are by far the most comfortable and good looking boots I own. I get compliments on them all the time.I bought them in my size, 6, and they fit perfectly with a thin sock. I will definitely buy another pair of similar style, or maybe even the same one in different color.Highly recommend!
B004K66PAE Cute and comfortable These boots are great. I was a little nervous about the color, which looks rather bright on the screen, but decided to trust another reviewer who said the actual color was a little more muted in real life. Well, it is! The boots are a beautiful dark orange trending on light brown. A very attractive color. The boots themselves are quite comfortable- the heel area, especially, was a pleasant surprise. I suffer from plantar fasciitis and have to be careful what kind of shoes I wear and especially whether there is adequate padding in the heel, and these totally provide plenty of support. The only slight complaint I have (and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5) is that the boot is a little narrow in the front; I hope they expand with use and become more comfortable. Personally I think they would be a lot cuter if the toe area was rectangular rather than pointy (and this would solve the narrowness issue as well), but then I am not too fond of cowboy-type wear. All in all, though, a good buy, especially with the 20% discount from Amazon this fall!
B004K66PAE BEAUTIFUL boot! Super Comfortable! I bought these boots in black a year ago catching a GREAT sale!  I've received countless compliments on them and so have debated on getting them in other colors for full price.... HURRAY!! I caught another sale!! I promptly bought two pairs; this color and the Aztec Gold.... I've worn the Plum color twice and have received so many compliments I've worn a constant smile both times! I'm still waiting on the Aztec Gold to arrive....As for comfort/sizing: very, very comfortable boot!  I read all the reviews advising to buy a half size larger, but that hasn't been my experience.  I normally wear a 7.5 in boots and have slightly wide feet, I bought a 7.5 wide the first time and never even had a 'break in' period to worry about... this pair was not available in Wide so I got medium.... they were a little snug at first, but I walked around the house in them with thick socks to break them in and it only took about 30 mins.... wore them to work the next day and worked a 15 hour day no problem! My feet felt GREAT!The color is labeled 'plum' , the picture looks like a Taupe color and that's exactly what it is!  I wore tham with a deep maroon sweater once and the sweater seemed to bring out the plum in them, then I wore them with a pumpkin colored sweater and black leggins and the boots looked an earthy khaki color... weird how they do that but I love it!
B004K66PAE It's very very comfortable I am not usually used to high heels especially wearing them all day long but this one is really comfortable. I can spend the whole day at university and not feel bothered at all. Even if they become wet from rain, they easily get dry and the color doesn't change.The price was also a good deal (I got them for $127). I would have preferred to get the Plum color but it was never on sale ($220)!I highly recommend these boots!
B004K66PAE A little distressed looking, but a great boot I am a boot nut and have recently been working to get used to different height heels again. The other reviews that state this is a comfy, stable boot are correct. I bought the golden whatever color, and the leather is really thick, but looked a little mottled and has lighter spots, some creases etc. If I had bought these in a dark brown or black, the color difference would not have been acceptable, but since I was going for really casual, with jeans or cords, it's not a problem. I bought 1/2 size up, but I always do for boots, have a wide foot (got the wide width) and a high arch and instep and these worked out great. Not even the hardest to pull on boots I have, just a little tugging to get on and off. I will be back for other colors!
B004K66PAE Comfort driven with a fashionable look I bought these in the Burgundy wide width size 11 from another site. Sorry Amazon, had a coupon. I normally wear a 10.5 m/w but always order my boots in 11 for that extra toe wiggle room. I' have 15.5" calves. Well, they were so wide my foot was sliding around in them in such a way if I stepped wrong I'd fall. Now this was my mistake because I have the Timberland Nevali boots and they fit perfect in the wide. I contacted the company & asked if I could exchange them if the 11m were available but they don't do that because stock changes daily, understandable. So I asked if I could return them and have my coupon refunded since it was earned from purchase points and buy them in the medium but they don't do that either for above reason.  So, I came back to Amazon and bought the Burgundy and Artisan Gold in 11m for a little more than I paid for the one pair at the other company.  So, I'm sending back the first pair to the other company. So, ladies, unless you have really wide feet and/or very high arches, stay with the medium.Now, for the positive, the foot bed is very comfortable. Almost like wearing sneakers. The Burgundy color is very rich. The picture doesn't do it justice. The heel is a comfortable height. I'm looking forward to receiving the 11m and will update my review as soon as I do.Update: 1/11/13 Received the Artisan Gold ones today in 11m. Slightly snug but I'm sure they'll break in with no problem. The color is outstanding. Thanks to another reviewer I knew not to touch my clothes because they are oiled. I'm going to set mine out of the box and hopefully the oil will soak in. I'm really looking forward to receiving the Burgundy ones.1/12/13 received the Burgundy pair. The picture doesn't do the color justice. Can't decide which color I like best. Just as comfortable as my Artisan Gold. I did leave them out over night and the areas where the oil seem darker did soak in and evened out. So I'm leaving the Burgundy ones out tonight. I see they have Plum now. If anyone has them please let me know how the color looks.I've now ordered the Copper and Black. I've discovered that not only is this brand comfortable, you can bling them out and have a whole different wardrobe. I'm going to buy one pair in every color as I can afford them. With Amazon's prices it won't take long.
B004K66PAE Got a smoking deal, the fit is a little weird..... I really like the boot in terms of the style and the color (artisan gold) but it is weirdly wide around the ankle and calf. I went 1/2 size up and I am glad I did.
B004K66PAE These boots ARE MADE for walking ! These boots are SO comfortable and the weight of them is perfect for California.  The suede is soft and very pliable, not too stiff in the top of the bend of the ankle/foot.  The color is rick and true to its description. AND they are quiet when you walk down a long empty hall !  LOVE THEM !
B004K66PAE Foxy Boots! If I could, I would order a pair in every color!I decided on the copper. Beautiful rustic looking brown. The leather had a nice distressed patina. very happy with my choice.Here is the list of all the reasons I LOVE them-classic vintage style, goes with everything-comfortable heel-quality leather-great tread on the sole. (excellent for not so graceful gal like myself)-cute lining inside-comfy insert-eco friendlySo Happy. I will definitely buy timberland again and again!
B004K6A758 The best clogs ! I bought burgundy once in store and felt in love with them, then I bought the same but in brown color. These clogs are fantastically comfortable. I can walk whole day in them and never feel any pain or discomfort.
B004K6A758 Modern but Classy The Shoes are great. They have a classic style but with a modern and edgy style. They have a solid construction, but are very comfortable because of the rubber sole....You will look great wearing them with any type of classic pants but also with khakis, chinos or jeans.I wore them today at the office and everyone noticedDefinetly my best choice..I wish I could get another pair in a different color
B004K6E5V0 A+ Comfort and STYLE I bought these boots in a wide size, taupe color, opened the box and immediately put them on and walked and stood in the house for about 30 minutes (I have an usually wide foot and never thought a boot this stylish would be comfortable so I thought they would be returned) before walking outside for 30 minutes. Still just as comfortable. I am ecstatic and going back for duplicates! The suede is so soft and the color perfect- not too light- just perfect neutral. I finally lucked out.
B004KJNO7I So darn cute, but beware... Bought these oxfords because I need a pair of waterproof shoes with good traction for navigating wet pavement this coming fall/winter.Added bonus is they are so darn cute! Another added bonus was reasonable price.Specifics:Ordered brown in size 11 (my true size is 10.5). 11 is very comfortable; not too big.Footbed is removableArrived laced with brown laces, extra pair of dark pink laces that match color in inner lining also providedNOTE: if scratches/marks drive you crazy this shoe will be high maintenance.You may want to consider a color that won't show marks prominently, or buy a shoe with a different type of leatherThis is the kind of leather that shows any and all marks. Black rubber cap will protect toe from scratches; nothing to protect heelsArrived very well packaged, but shoe had a few minor scratches out of the box.Substantial soles, so I'm expecting them to provide decent traction in rain/snowThough I'm not able to comment on traction in wet weather yet, I'm already pleased with every other aspect, as I usually am with Tims.Would have rated 5 stars if leather wasn't so susceptible to marks.
B004KQ4IWG color not as shown I ordered these in brown and they were nothing like the color shown . Sent them back! Also, they seem to run big.  I wish the color was better because they seem like well made boots.
B004KQ4IWG Facinate Me Timberland  is engineered in doing boots. Can not be more comfortable. The color is perfect, not too red, not too brown. The height of her heels are suitable for every occasion. Facinate me, which also I have the same black boots.
B004L32PFU I DONT LAKE THE COLOR AND IS TOO BIG I WHUANT  THE COLOR  WHEAT EN ZISE 8 ,  THE COLOR IS TO DAR I DON LAKE AND IS TO BIG PLEASE SENT TO MI THE WHEAT COLOR EN 8
B004L36XCG Amazing Boots I buy this for my husband and the boots are amazing he is so happy the color is fine and the only change he made was the lace he told that look cheap and i find another Timberland lace up and its great the new look
B004L36XCG color is off Didn't care for the color. The boots are much lighter in color that the picture shows. They do fit well.
B004LL2ZW0 YES! I love these boots! They are my new favorite casual boots. I've worn them 3 out of the last 4 days. They fit true to size (maybe a tiny wide because I have narrow feet), are comfortable, and they're super cute! I love the puffy part of the boot...they're not just your every day boot. They seem of good quality and they came with an extra pair of laces (they were laced up in brown and the extra laces are almost black). They look great with skinny jeans tucked in. I got the dark brown color and highly recommend them!
B004LLSV5U Thick and Huge. Warm and Comfortable. True to size. These are really thick and huge boots, the right thing for very cold or snowy weather.I took the pink color because of lack of the suitable size for me in the other two colors. It turns out that the brown decorative borders make them look not too garish as I have imagined (and worried about). They just look nicely colorful.
B004LLSV5U Super comfy Very comfy. Warm. color looks good. Wish it came in allll black. Very stiff at first. But it takes time to break into.
B004LLSV5U Fabulous Cyber Monday Deal Loving these extra tall timberland boots. The color is exactly as picture, and true to size. A pretty grey with the softest waterproof leather and sexy laces up the front. Super soft and warm on the inside. Would highly recommend.
B004NRURAO Beautiful color This is unusual color & good quality pair of shoes also very comfortable. Problem to get really the appropriate shoes when ordering by mail.
B004NRUZQ0 Cool Boots! This is my second year to shop for boots. Last year I couldn't find the style/price/color I wanted, so I didn't buy. This year I found these Timberlands online and knew they were what I had been looking for. I am very happy with them; good quality, perfect fit and nice tan leather. I got a great price and delivery through Amazon; couldn't be more pleased!
B004NRUZQ0 these were ok These were ok.  Not as tall as I had hoped and the color was more washed out than it looked in the picture.  Comforatable and nice looking.  Size ran a little big.
B004OJK5GM The price what can I say I will buy it again. But this time  I  will make sure it is more of a lighter color, Yeap
B004P1A5YG Good One Amazing Choice i love it TIMBERLAND IS ALWAYS beyond the expectations im gonna order another color soonits very comfy
B004P1Q84C I love them!!! Long time ago i have been looking for boots like this ones!!!...thanks for i could find them!!!!!!.. Maybe i will look for other color!
B004P35ERM Slippers for Men The slippers are very comfortable.  The color is a rich brown and I ordered the size I usually wear in a slipper and it fit perfectly.  Shopping with Amazon is great because they ship promptly and they want you to be satisfied with your purchase or money back.
B004QMZS0A beautiful boots,my wife like it very much proper size and perfect fit,the color is nice too,the only disadvantage is the price,no discount,buy my wife like it,it is okay.
B004RDY53E As described. Product came on time, as described, no shrinkage, and easy to take care of. Color and fit as shown. Priced ok.
B004RUDRY0 lovely boots my daughter really love these boots, not only for the color, but also for the design and confort for her little feet.i strongly recomend this product
B004ZCE19U Great buy ! It fit just fine and I would order this boot in a wheat or tan color also. I love these boots !
B0052D31BU It just doesn't get any warmer than this My son does not like to wear coats but he loved this one!  It fit well and he's a husky kid.  Nice style, perfect color, and warmth.  Definitely would recommend.
B0056QVSQ8 Love them!! I have back problems and these shoes are so comfortable and stable that my back doesn't hurt! Good price, color
B0056QW98E Love the Color The color in the picture is exactly the same as the picture (not super shiny). I ordered a 6.5, my regular size, and had to exchange them for a 6. I haven't had a chance to break them in yet, but I am sure I will love them once I do.
B0056QW98E Beautiful color When I read the that the color was metallic, I was kind of worried that there would be too much shine. They actually are a lovely color with just a hint of shine. I wore them to work and they were very comfortable. I'm an RN and on my feet a lot. I got the 7.5 wide, because of a bunion and they fit fine. I normally wear an 8 medium. I like a little height and found that the heel is the same height as my Danskos. I'm happy that I purchased these.
B0056QW98E Surprisingly wonderful I'm so used to my Birkies and Clark's that I was hesitant to buy these, especially since I can't wear a heel and these look like they have a bit of one. I couldn't resist the lightning deal at more than half off so I gave it a shot. I also wasn't sure about the &#34;metallic&#34; color. When they arrived I tried them on right away and they felt great. I love the fit, feel, and color and have received many compliments. They have more support than my other daily work shoes and are also a bit more stylish than the average clog. I wear 8 1/2 and got the size 9, enough room for an insert. Glad I bought them and if they go on sale again I'll get a second pair in a different color.
B0057N6LOY Excellent communications This shoes fits perfect. I didn't get the shoe that's displayed on Amazon. The color scheme is different from the picture.That was a little disappointing because I really wanted the white trim. I got black, but I kept the shoe.
B0058SF2VG Comfortable and stylish I really love these shoes!  They're really comfortable and look good with casual clothes.  The description says they're yellow, but they're really closer to the lime green color shown in the picture.
B0058SHRO6 Timberland Color Off-White I just bought the off-white in a store. My pair is much darker than shown. The pair I got is a nice color, btw! I prefer it to the off-white shown on my computer at Amazon.com
B00590LGE0 Great for elderly ladies Great shoe for elderly to slip on and off, wear around house or outside to get newspaper, I like the color, surprised it goes with most everything.
B00590WN42 Super cute and very comfortable! Was on the hunt for some comfy AND stylish sandals for a trip to scandinavia this summer for walking around all day and they were perfect! I was worried about the ankle strap rubbing or being uncomfortable but I had no issues. I wear a 6.5 women's shoe and have normal to narrow feet with average sized ankles and the 6.5's fit perfectly, true to size for me.  I originally got the twill color but ended up trading it in for the natural color because it was more neutral.
B00590WN4C love these shoes! I bought these wedges to wear with a dress that has the same dark red in the print.  The color was perfect, and the fit is true to size. The best surprise is the comfort.  I was a little apprehensive about the heel height making the balls of my feet hurt (also because the footbed could use a little more padding), but I used gel ball-of-foot inserts just in case, and wore these shoes for hours comfortably. I received lots of compliments on them too! The only reason I did not give five stars is the footbed padding, which might not be an issue for other people.
B00590WN4C SEXY & OH SO CUTE Gorgeous shoe. I got compliments the first day I wore them and lots of looks. The color (red) is true to the picture. Size is perfect. My 4 stars, rather than 5 is only because the strap across the toes hurt my left foot, although I've only worn them once so that could change. Great purchase. Arrived quickly, packaged well. I look forward to wearing them all summer long.
B00590WRTS Buslady These shoes are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had. True to size and width. I am going to order more in different color although the orange is a beautiful color.  More like a carmel
B00591UN48 Hot on style boots I love these boots and the price was right. These are unbeliveable boots they perfect boot they great style and the brown color in leather is a nude color that goes with a large range of colors.
B00591UN48 Boots Love them!  A little snug and the color was lighter but they look great on and are quite comfortable to wear and walk in.
B00591UN48 I love my boots but... they sent me a different color I chose the knee high suede brown boots but they sent me a leather brown ones. The boots are beautiful and comfortable. I really love them.
B00591ZHXK Stylish boots... These boots are comfortable and stylish.  I wear them primarily with jeans, but they could be worn with other types of casual pants as well.  I like the neutral color as well.
B005A5YQ2S Nice Shoes Everything was ok. I like the color, I recommend to buy it.I will buy more models later.Thank you.
B005A5YQ2S it`s very cool,i like it! it`s very cool, i like it very much. The color of the tie is bright blue which is out of my throught. Acturally, I  think it is fitter for runing.
B005B02RD2 love this pants this timberland corduroy pants are great, i been looking for this for long time. Totally recommended, and the color is beautiful.
B005BWB2QI Comfortable Padded nicely, heavy leather laces won't untie themselves like cloth laces. Darker color (Dark Chocolate) than shown. Arrived ontime as expected.
B005BWB2QI Good product, good fit, wrong color delivered Shoes are good and comfortable.  Quick delivery. Wrong color delivered ( chocolate instead of taupe)  - but as it was nice as well - did not bother to replace.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe Ordering shoes on line is a crap shoot when it comes to proper size. These we not any too small. I like them. Hope they don't bleed color on my feet when they get wet. We shall see.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe for the money After returning the 8 1/2 (my usual size), I ordered the 8M.  After wearing the pair for a few days, I ordered another two pair in different color.  Very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI " Taupe" color in image is  very misleading! Color is more brown than what the image shows.. These are very nice looking  but I already have brown colored boat shoes and will probably return these after Christmas. Should be more alert to your color images!!!
B005BWB2QI Nice, Traditional Boat Shoes These shoes are well made and very comforable.  Sizing is a little large so order down a half size.  The color was also a little darker than it appeared in the photo, not unpleasant, just different.
B005BWB2QI great shoes! Extra comfortable, right color, elegant and character. emphasize comfortable and highly recommended. great for this time of year. see you.
B005BWB2QI comfortable but a bit large nice color, well made, sizing is a bit larger and my 7.5 should fit me better. Now i wear it daily.
B005BWB2QI Too large Shoe is a little different color than I expected and the size was clearly too large. Stay away from this one.
B005BWB2QI LOVE them These are very comfortable and exactly what I wanted.  I wish the description on the site was more exact regarding color options. The pics were correct and I got lucky, but I know for a fact the actual colors per Timberland and a certain retailer (Macy's) are more accurate.That said, these are perfect!  I tried them on at the local Macy's so I knew ahead of time which size because these types of shoes tend to run small.  price was just right
B005BWB2QI Very large fit and sent the wrong color Very nice quality shoe.  Looks good.  The size runs very large.  I am  a solid 14 and these were huge.  They also sent me the wrong color.  I returned them via amazon prime...no problem and  bought size 13....will review when they come in
B005BWB2QI very good Shoe size suitable&#65281;but&#65292;Color error&#65281;I want a little red&#65292;as the photo shows that.Results are brown.However, the shoe is good.I hope next time can note&#65292;Do not mistake the color
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe,Dark Brown/Brown The finish on the shoe did not match the picture posted on Amazon. The ones I received are more of a mat, brushed finish, not a smooth leather as described in the picture.
B005BWB2QI O.K. for the $ Really have to wait to give a proper review..until these are broken in? I like Sperry's cause they are so supple..other than that these are nice shoes....I wanted a darker color so that it would not show dirt as much.I recommend coating them with mink oil..for waterproofing..and to help soften them up!
B005BWB2QI Just what we ordered Purchased for my husband, they are exactly as pictured, fit perfectly and of coarse the brand is well made as we expected. Color is true to the picture.
B005BWB2QI great shoe Fit as expected, only the color was bit darker but good deal. Fits perfect. Recommended to others. Lets see how long it last.
B005BWB2QI wrong color The shoes was nice and comfortableBut I&#8216;ve chose the Taupe  &#65292; you just send me the Browmand i'm in China&#8230;&#8230;
B005BWB2QI Comfortable And Easy To Wear I like these shoes. I thought that I bought this shoe on Amazon, but I'm not sure. But I wear them. After breaking them and acclimating them to my feet, they are comfortable and easy to wear. I like their look and their comfort. I bought Dark brown/Brown in Mens size 9. They fit me good, but if you want a tight snug fit, just go down a half size only. But I like the way they fit me. I wear khaki pants and they give me such a sharp, intelligent, trust worthy look to my personality. And when you wear them with black jeans or blue jeans, they give you a stylish, cooler, affable appeal to your personality. And I like them in the browns: taupe, chocolate, brown, dark brown. I don't know, I just like brown color shoes. But go after your own color and taste. Your flavor is you style, and it works for you.
B005BWB2QI a great shoe my feet is 255 cm long ,it is fit as expected on 7.5 US.and the color of taupe is good than the picture,it look like more than brown, it is great. and it is very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Nice! Shoes are awesome! Timberland quality shines through. Looks better in person than on the site. True to size and color.  Will definately buy again.
B005BWB9EI just beautiful Nice and comfortable,  beautiful color
B005ERZ6MQ I liked them, fit as expected but the color was not what i expected I liked them, fit as expected but the color was not what i expected.I liked them, fit as expected but the color was not what i expected.
B005ERZ6MQ Remarkably Comfortable Bought/returned the 'brown' version of this shoe....because the color was simply ugly. The red-brown however is much better looking.I spend a lot of time onmy feet at work, and these shoes have provided relief. Not only are the comfortable all day, but they slip in wetness on sidewalks like Clarks do.I never have to think about these shoes....which is perfect.
B005ERZ6MQ Timberland Men's Earthkeepers This is the second pair I've purchased. The red-brown  color is NOT as pictures.  Too dark.My other pair is more of a honey colored tan.  Much nicer.  But the shoe is very comfortable.I guess I will adjust to the color over time.
B005ERZ6MQ great shoe, color was not as described I love Timberland dress shoes, fit great and last a long time.  The color of this shoe is darker than described
B005FI1VE6 Good Very Nice color and very fit for my girl . She like it and wear it whole summer maybe .
B005FI1VE6 Right shoe, wrong color I have been buying these Timberland sandles since my now 8 year old son was a very small and always loved them.  This is the first time we bought them online because I could not find them in stores near me.  We ordered black with  red trim and received gray with green trim.  Ugh.  The shoes fit and we still love them, but we were disappointed and surprised when we opened the box and they were the wrong color (I even checked my order to make sure it wasn't my fault).  I don't want to be bothered with the retunr process and we need them for the beach this weekend and next week for July 4th so we are keeping them.They are worth every penny.  Sturdy, comfortable, great with wet feet, etc.  I would have given a 5, but since we got the wrong color I took away a star.
B005FI1VE6 Surprise for my daughter, she loved them! Received these as a surprise for my daughter who is eight. Originally I thought they were black with pink and green (mostly I wasn't paying attention to the title I think) and was super excited to have black and pink girl's shoes. Sadly, they aren't as dark as they appear in the photo, but she loved them anyway the dark blue they are--sort of a dark denim color. And she says they're super comfy, a problem we often have with cheaper outdoorsy sandals like this.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe This is our second year and we like these shoes!  Good buy.  The color we wanted was sold out to our disapointment
B005FI1VE6 Pretty Purchased for my grand daughter . She loves them and the pink color and they are running a little larger in size.
B005FM5Q3O Love the Color I bought these for my daughter that has a obsession with shoes. She loves them. the Color is exactly what I expected. They are super comfortable and easy for her to get on and off herself.
B005FM5Q3O Great buy I love this item, its strong, fits perfect and the color is just what I expected. Its just a great buy.
B005FM5Q3O Great style Great style and color, were able to wear them briefly. They seem to run a bit smaller than past pairs.
B005FM5Q3O great summer shoes for boys!! I actually purchased two pairs one for my 6yr and 5yr old(i had to go up a sz for both of them),they love their sandals...Only complaint was i had ordered the navy/orange in sz 12 but received navy/light blue,which actually is a nice color. My 5yr old received the navy blue with black with is also a nice color. My 6yr old ended up liking the new color anyway so it did not matter at the end.
B005FNS8EM Nice Boots I loved these boots,the color is the right color for me your can wear them with any jeans or cargo pants.Arrived on time.
B005GT0HX0 Great Pair of Dress/Casual Shoes The color that shipped is much closer to tan than in the picture, but I liked that a lot. They fit really well and look great with jeans. They shipped quickly and I paid half on Amazon as I would have paid in a department store.
B005GYECXQ great! Love these shoes, I wear them everyday, super comfortable and I'm on my feet most of the time at work. Probably will get another pair in a different color.
B005GYQBGC BEWARE.. I was looking for dark brown boots for my husband for Xmas, and these boots had seemed to be a perfect match. However, when they arrived i was mortified to discover that the boots were completely different in color. It had a look as if someone had worn them but they were brand new. I had to take them to the shoe maker to have them dyed the color in the picture, which cost me an extra $35 bucks. So beware the color is deceiving.
B005I6RZXG Great comfort I already had another pair in another color so knew I wanted another pair.  Picking the other color was the tough part.  If you want comfort and stand on your feet all day, these shoes are good for you too.
B005I6RZXG Perfect! Great shoe. Very comfortable. No breaking in needed. I have another pair of Timberland shoes, different color, slightly different style and same great brand.
B005LCQYYS I love it It's good as i expect. I am not sure about the color but I choose the black one and it is great!
B005LCQYYS Great Everything was fine.  I had another pair of these shoes in a different color.  Both great and comfortable and just what they promised
B0063MTW3K Nice boots and in the right color!!!! Nice boots and in the right color!!!! I just wish that I can say the same for the boots that I got with these :(
B006F65NL4 great leather The color of this billfold is just great. It looks xtra nice and when I take it out people give me a complement just about every time. The very edge is already showing wear but I probably have to much in it. (Wish it was $$$$)
B006T30U8E Awesome! The shoes are better than I expected. They're comfortable and the material is top notch, soft/quality leather! I'd buy this pair again if it comes in a different color.
B006T92A7C Super!!! I chose this item to have some variety-and I am old so I like some color-the socks fit perfectly-are very comfortable on my sensitive feet and I plan to order more-thanks
B006T92AFE Super comfy Really like that they go up to the ankle and have pull up tab in the back, very comfortable. Good color combination. Great value for your money.
B006T92ANG Great I like the color. Besides, it looks pretty with my running wear.I didn't like the package, it disappionted me at first.
B006T92CL6 Great socks! Fit is perfect, great quality, love the color!!  Will definitely buy these again.  Only con...wish they came on more colors
B006T92CL6 Happy feet A comfortable sock and great for workouts. The color is very bright ! It seems like they will wear well.
B006ZGV9LM What color are these? So of course boots with heals you always order larger so they fit great but, woe, these are orange, really orange. So I did exchange them for black. Definitely beautiful in black. The picture just didn't look quite as orange as these turned out to be. I'm very happy with the black and the dark brown would have been nice too. Can't beat the price for the quality.
B006ZGV9LM I like it I really like the color and the size was perfect! i absoluty recommend this item i will buy in other color too
B006ZGV9LM Wrong Color Delivered I hate to say it because they are very good quality boots but they delivered the wrong color thus I gave my sister the boots as we wear the same size and she was happy. I ordered the brown/brown leather boots and I received the dark brown suede boots. : (Please please trust me the shoes run very narrow whatever size you are go up a 1/2 size or they will be too tight and very tight to wear socks with....also if you have too big of calves they might not fit.
B006ZGV9LM Very sturdy well made great fit I'm keeping these, made very well, only reason I took off a star was he color that came is a darker brown with more of a pink undertone and these picture a lighter brown with a caramel undertone, these do fit well and look great
B006ZIGRXA Earthkeepers I Have brought other Timberland styles they fit my calf good and wear my strIaght peeved pants. Nice casual boot. Really like the color and style.
B006ZIGRXA Really adorable! These boots fit great and look amazing! perfect fall boots for an outing! I went out to a number of different events in my area recently and had a lot of jealous looks at these things.. price is really good too.. very worth it! you'll be the envy of all boots, seriously! Comfortable, hot, amazing and go with just about anything even in this color brown!! hot hot hot!
B006ZIGRXA aweful details Boots should never ever have a quilt design or stretchy material on the sides.  I will check everything from now on before I order.  I really liked the style and the color but I was so disappointed when I opened the box.
B006ZIGS34 Not true to color I liked the boots but had to return them.I ordered olive and they arrived more brown than i expected.They wrre very cute and comfortable but i really wanted olive boots
B006ZIT6QA Love them Right out of the box I love the way these boots look.  What I like is that they tie and zip which means you have control over how tight they are and the zipper makes them easy to get on.  They are a really good quality boot from what I can tell so far, even the inside has a really soft/cute green plaid print.I am a size 7.5 and bought a size 7.5 regular and they fit well, tho they could stand to be a *little* wider but I think with some regular wear they will be perfect which is why I didn't decide to get the wide.The color of the boot is definitely not olive, it's true to the color in the photo listed (Brown) and the heel is a wooden dark honey brown looking color. Beautiful boot!
B006ZITF7U Unbelievably comfortable I loved the color of these boots, and have other Timberlands that were very comfortable, so I took a chance.  I wore them for a whole day, walking a lot, the first day I got them.  They are perfect, with a heel high enough to be interesting, plenty of toe room, no chafing or blisters, and most of all, great insole support.  Light weight too, not at all clunky.  Plus they are a really great color - gray with a touch of taupe, goes with everything, doesn't show dirt.  The perforated upper is cool. and there is enough room to put jeans inside the boot.  If you wanted to wear jeans outside the boot, you might need flares.  The only very slight issue is that they rubbed a bit of color on my jeans which were tucked into the boot.  I wear an 8.5, and these fit perfectly.
B006ZIV6PY Beautiful! These are true to size, take a bit to get laced up, but nothing that would deter me from wearing them. Extremely comfortable, and the color is very versatile. SO glad I bought them!!
B006ZIV6PY RUN AND GET IT. I got my earthkeepers last night and went out in them immediately. it was 27 degrees outside and I WORE NO SOCKS. They are the BEST.i thought UGGS were the only shoes i could venture out in without socks. The only drawback is the color. Its not the best looking chocolate color. I'd get the lighter brown but i have another timberlands in the lighter brown already. NO REGRETS. MY NEW LOVE, TIMBERLANDS.
B006ZJ2ZUI GREAT boot!!!! looks cool with jeans OR shorts These are SO cool...I want a pair in every color....stylish rain boots!!  You can walk right through mud puddles without any problems!
B006ZJ2ZUI `The Boots' The Timberland Women's Welfleet etc. in Wheat could not be finer.  They look as good as the picture and are just as described.  I would caution anyone to not make my sizing mistake.  My size is between a 6 and 61/2.  There was an outstanding sale on these (can't remember exactly) but in this color only they only had 6s.  They fit, of course, but I have to wear thin socks and I prefer 6 1/2 in a boot.  Not their fault.  I love them.
B006ZJ2ZUI Cutest rain boots I know I wear size 11, but these boots make my feet look like size 8 or 9. They are SUPERcute and comfy. They have warm lining, and wearing them is a total pleasure. One more thing, the yellow color is not brigth yellow, but of a very nice subdued shade.  I can wear them with almost any color.  Just perfect!
B006ZSAEUW worth purchasing The color is exactly like in photos, and the material is good. So comfortable to wear to trekking and backpacking. Very worth purchasing
B006ZTKFW8 hi well I don't know what happen but I received the same color of boots maybe the description on the web page is incorrect please let me know and thanks for your attention
B006ZVM90M Love them... Warm, water proof and high enough to protect you from the snow.Like the color as well, Beige/Cream color with Brown.
B006ZVM90M Warm Boot I like the color and style of this boot, but it lays weird around the ankle area when I am wearing them.  I have other timberland boots that I like better.  The color is a very dark purple, which I like and the boots are very warm.  If I had it to do over, I would not buy these boots - I didn't know they would lay funny until I had worn them and then I couldn't return them.
B006ZVM90M ... They're very warm, kind of heavy...bought a half size up, fits well!Thinking about buying them in a different color!
B006ZVOLHQ great boot these boots are very lite and comfortable, they are not bulky like some boots, i wear them every day for my job and im thinking of getting another pair in another color
B0070Z0VO8 My daughter loved it at camp! These fit just as expected. They are handsome, solid, and well constructed shoes. My daughter took them to two weeks of sleep away camp and they got her through everything. They are a nice earth color. Perfect!
B00711TQNS TOO PRETTY I BOUGHT THOSE FOR MY DAUTHER, THEY WERE A LITTLE BIG, BUT NO MATTER WITH A THICK TIGHTS WILL BE OK.THE COLOR IS SPECTACULAR TOO PRETTY.
B00711UNWG Adorable! These are darling and well-made boots!  Nice cozy Sherpa lining. Love the pink color and so does my daughter!  Received them quickly too.
B00711UNWG great color, comfy just as pictured.  great color like raspberry sherbet.  very comfortable.  I own 5 pair of regular 6" premium timberlands that I wear to work everyday and wanted to give these a try.  Live in California thought they might be too warm, however I ordered them a half size smaller and wear them with thin socks.  Love them!  They are cozy, not too hot.  The soft sole (to me) is almost slipper like but supportive.  I've worn them all day several times and at the end of the day I'm still smiling!
B007135FDQ Solid shoes Since they were a Christmas present, my three year old hasn't had much of a chance to wear them, but when he has, I can see that they were exactly what I wanted. They are solidly constructed shoes. With as fast as little kids' feet grow, I grabbed these in a half size bigger, but because of the style of the shoe, it's no big deal. They aren't going to be slipping off. The color is exactly as the picture shows.
B0071BD33M Great looking shoes They our a great look and fit for boys or girls.  I like that they have a light color making them match with anything
B0071BD33M color is a no the color was a no for me.the style is nice but they need to fix the contast of the shoe color it made the shoe look use.Because of the color i probably wont recommend it
B0072AE45S Perfect fitting and expectations! From this brand I can't go wrong size wise. The color  and style was as advertised in the picture from amazon.
B007782V1O Wonderful! I ordered these lovelies because I was looking for a good quality yet attractive winter boot. They are everything that I want! I was worried about them looking a little too &#34;construction boot-y&#34; and manly, but when I tried them on with a pair of jeans tucked in they looked good! A little outdoorsy but thats fine. They make me feel pretty badass, I must admit. I usually wear a size 9 and have pretty wide feet but I ordered them in a size 9 and they fit perfectly! The color still confuses me because I ordered them in olive, even though the pictures for olive and taupe are switched, but as per previous comments I ordered by the color name not the picture but for some reason I got the olive/olive color. I've decided not to send them back though because I actually really like the color! Overall its a quality shoe that fits great and is very comfortable, and I'm very glad I purchased them!
B007782V1O Back to Basics I wanted this boot for its functionality and practicality.  I am pleased with its styling, fit, and price point.  However, the color presented in the advertised photo is not the color of the footwear I received.  Since I was not trying to make a fashion statement & the price was awesome, I decided to keep them!  I have not worn them  yet, but I especially love the tall (6 in), fitted, fleeced collar!
B007782V1O greatttttt I just sent back because I ordered a 9 which I usually wear, but the size was a bit too large. I received this item very quick with standard shipping. I love the boots! They look better in person. The color is true to the picture. It is suede on bottom so it may look lighter, but it is definitely black. Highly recommend these. I will write also when I get my exchange in.
B007G4VCFK Very Pleased Fantastic!  Looks great and is sturdy.I like the zipper feature and the color is beautiful.  So glad I found this.
B007R3BIC2 This is really kool I would recommend this pair of shoes to anyone... the color, quality  and design is great... you'll love it! It is worth buying!
B007RONMR0 Timberland 17inch backpack, Cocoa color This item is a lot smaller than expected, more for an elementary aged child instead of an adult. I am disappointed for not paying more attention to the size information but, only one size was offered. Fabric, construction, and color are as advertised.
B007ROSMK2 Looks great This bag looks great.  So far so good, it seems to be sturdy.  Wish this came back in the color black, though.
B007TGA2JM radical Love these boots!! It looks nice, sturdy, and well worth the money! It's a little stiff and and back side of my ankle hurts a bit but if I wear a thick sock, it feels fine.  I'm glad I ordered wide width because it's pretty narrow on the front. It's not brown, it's reddish brown which is actually a nicer color.  My teenage daughter likes these boots so I might get her one too. Thank you Timberland!!
B007V61QDQ As described Everything you read on the website is true.  Very small easily holds 3-5 cc cards plush bills  very light in color
B00828VKFQ timberland pro womens renova slip on I love these shoes for work. I only wish they came in brown, I have been watching the 6 pm website close to see if these come out in a brown shoe color.
B008AH747M Little guy jeans These are the cutest jeans. Very well made for those rough and tough little boys. Great color and style too! Not too baggy and not too skinny.
B008B5XICS High Quality Amazing!  This carry on is top quality, sturdy construction.  Good zippers, sturdy handles.  All the pockets are great for travel.  Love the color.
B008B5XIEG Very nice! It was exactly what I was looking for - light, spacious, and sturdy. Rolls very quietly and stays upright.Easy to spot, too, with the color.
B008B5XIFA love it This bag is my favorite back back..the color is great, the size is perfect for your work or school needs, especially if you have a laptop!
B008FN5ZRC beautiful They are timberland what more needs to be said!?! Always good quality and the color is beautiful. Husband loved them. They came from Amazon so they were on time and priced decently.
B008FN5ZRC OMf'nG These are the ish!  Like you can't tell from the picture these are going to be awesome but.. OMG!  I am in love with these. I like the original color ones but these bump it up a notch.  If you like Timberland boots you'll love these.
B008KLEYLM Comfortable and cute these shoes are well made. True to size and very comfortable!  Great quality shoes. I ordered th e brown color and its a medium brown.  Love my Timberlands!
B008KLGHL2 great this are great sandals, true to the size and very confortable. the only thing i dont like is they got dirty really fast. the cream color part at two days of using the got black i used them to go out to the city not to any place in the woods or similar. i tried to clean them but it make it worst. i dont care about anything of this because i love the way they fit.
B008M27754 Feel comfortable and not too tight. I took the advice of a few people on here and ordered a half size smaller and its the perfect size. I wear these to work with dress socks and they match really well with them. The small gaps on the side are not too big and my dark socks go evenly with the similar color palette.As far as comfort, they are nice to wear and you can appreciate the sandals on warm days and let your feet breathe. Will definitely pick up another pair in a different color, I like them that much.
B008M2MGSC True to size I bought this for my boyfriend and it fits perfectly. He is happy with that and get lots of complements with that bright color shoelaces.
B008M2MGSC Fits Great Nice design and comfort. Especially for people with wide feet like me. I will probably order another pair in a different color.
B008M2MGSC Great boots Perfect look for my style and at a good price. I would get a 2nd pair in a different color.
B008M2MGSC Nice look but thats about all I love Tims but these I like the color but when i put my feet in them they are tighter than every other style of Timberland and on the left foot on the top they literally choke the foot with tightness. I doubt unless I can really break them in I wont get much use out of them. I probably would have returned them if i didnt wear them for a whole day in the streets so I just kept them Im just hoping they are real Tims because I have never had this problem with Timberland products before. So I give three stars for the color no really just two and in the event that I got to west 34th street to the Timberland store I plan to try on a pair of the same ones there and see if they feel the same for my own shopping online peace of mind. Because out of 9 pair of Timberlands these are the only ones causing discomfort
B008M2YZKY nice and funky fit was as expected, shoes heavier than expected, but still very comfortable.  I will order these again in a different color.  great with jeans or shorts.  look for discounts as I think they are a little overpriced for the segment.  the only thing I really don't care for is the leather brand at the tongue.  unnecessary and in the way of the laces, which have to either go under or over that little patch.
B008M2YZKY chose wrong color though ... head the ones in dark blue in mind, but so what ;) this is definitely not your fault, thank you.
B008M2YZKY Very comfortable shoe, Great look! Got these for myself but my son stole them from me.  Only got to where them twice and going to order a few pairs in different colors.  The orange is a very handsome color.
B008M2YZKY Suuuper Comfortable I have to say I've had some time without using such comfortable shoes&#8230; i am very glad bought them. the packaging was perfect&#8230; I think i'm going to get another pair on a different color
B008M2YZKY Fit great! Not one single issue. I love the style, the color and the design. Made from recycled material it allows you to utilize a smaller carbon footprint than other shoes on the market. Piece at mins plus great design is hard to find.
B008M2ZFQW Wrong color Ordered the above shoe expecting the color in the photograph.  Unfortunately the color that arrived was totally different.  It was a different shade of blue. The shoe shown is a greener/teal color. As I live in the UK  it would it would take weeks to get a replacement.  Very disappointed
B008M2ZFQW Pleasant and at a low price I like the color. Fit well. (My Italian measure is 45. I have taken 11 us) The price is ok. What can I say more?
B008M2ZFQW Not the colors advertised The shoes we received are not the same color as the ones I ordered.  We don't have time to send them back, as we are leaving to go on vacation.  I will not be buying from this vendor again.
B008M2ZFQW you shipped me a wrong color&#65281;So disappointed&#65281; I am in China. I bought these shoes oversea. At first i liked the style very much. For this price, i chose to buy them on Amazon. But atlast, i received them finding they shipped me a wrong color, which i dislike very much! I am so disappointed that they could make such a silly mistake. Now, i really want to return it back, but it will cost me too much. What a bad experience!
B008M2ZFQW Casual comfort to the max Awesome casual shoes, bought a 2nd pair in a different color after getting the 1st pair. They fit exactly on point without socks, which is the only way I'd wear them. Both the colors I got (grey and blue) are washed so don't expect a bright color.
B008M2ZFQW Walking on the Clouds They are very light and easy to slip on and off. I'm hooked on the Hookset Handcrated Slip-On shoes from Timberland and will be ordering another pair (different color) this week.
B008M4UN0S love it!!! I bought it thinking in a trip i had planned... A lot of sightseeing... And this sandals were perfect for it.. Very confortable, true to size.. I wore them every day and my foots were very good the whole trip. I am very pleased... I would buy it in every single color... :-)
B008MHR6D2 boom champ the color was a little different to what i expected but the fit was perfect i ordered 10 1/2 ...will surely recommend it
B008MHR6D2 Timberland Men's Heritage 2 Eye Boat Shoe,Brown/Brown Very nice and very comfortable. I was actually surprised they fitted so well. Shoes are not easy to buy and are a risk. Brown color in the picture is darker and not the same with the actual color of the shoe :(.
B008MHR6D2 Great looking but too large. Really great looking shoes with a great color.Unfortunately the color of the shoe did not match the picture. Its more of a taupe compared to a brown like in the picture.Also, the shoe was too large. I've ordered and bought many shoes with my size, 14 wide, and this is the first time that the shoe was too large. Unfortunately I can't return it because I ordered it cross borders to Kuwait... so I'm making due by wearing the shoes with thicker socks so they don't slip around too much.
B008MHR6D2 Great Boat Shoes Quality is definitely great, very comfortable. Only issue is the color appears to be more of a brown on the computer, when I got the shoes they are more of a reddish brown, but I still like them a lot.
B008N6Y9BO Grey Boat Shoe I love these shoes! They fit right out of the box, so I was very fortunate. They are of excellent quality, which you would expect from Timberland, and the color is perfect. I can wear them with either blue or black jeans. I was looking for navy blue or brown, but when I found these, the color is even better. I have an average width shoe, and these fit me slightly snug across the top, but that is good because they won't become too big when they get stretched out. But I don't think these medium width shoes could be worn by anyone with a wide width, even though you would expect boat shoes to be a little large.
B008N6YJKA This shoe is beautiful!!!!! I love these shoes. It's what we expected, very good quality material. the color is beautiful, just what you saw in the picture. fits me perfect.
B008N6YJKA Bought another color as well. Extremely comfortable, I bought another pair!Didn't expect them to be so well made but should have known by the company name it was quality.
B008N6YRCK Great color, great if unexpected fit! This is my third or fourth pair of Timberland sandals for women and they fit great for a 6.5M. My feet are 3in3/4 at their widest point and I am more comfortable in C or Wide widths (in Aerosoles, for example). But Timberlands must be wide because these are comfortable on the verge of too wide for me.Also note that the color IS NOT WHITE but rather that delicious cream/bone/off-white color that was missing from my shoe wardrobe and I didn't even know it!!!The shoe is lightweight, nothing chafes or binds, love the perfectly-matched topstitching and the leather detail on the cork heel. I bought it for the early 80s vibe of the toe straps. The contrast between the ladylike shape and the rugged sole just amuses me. The best of both worlds, really!Though I prefer round-shaped shoes, the almond shape on this one doesn't stick out too much beyond my toes like in some shoes.I may let myself be talked into another color...
B008N6YRCK I love it, very comfortable but also nice looking! I have narrow foot and 6M fit me well.  Color is a soft beige that can be matched with many colors and also makes these shoes slightly elegant.  I definitively recommend it !!!
B008N6YRCK Love them! Very comfortable. Great fit. Wore them all day without issue. I chose the brown because it goes so well with different outfits. May get a different color for variety.
B008N6YRCK Comfy These shoes are very comfy, typical timberland. Perfect fit and great height for jeans- I would buy them in another color!
B008UQ6VPO Great for wedding with gray shorts and oxford Order the exact size they are now in sandals. Fast shipping. Very cute and comfy; light weight. Color is a bit lighter than picture. I got my 2 and 5 yr olds the same matching shoes.
B008UQR1G2 Great color, cute, comfortable Nicely made sandal with a comfortable heel height that somehow looks higher than it feels. The color is great and the overall look is pretty.
B008UQR1G2 Very happy! These were just what I expected.  The color goes with a lot of different things. They're comfortable but cute and I know I'll wear them like crazy.
B008URDGTC I love it the color blue is amazing, fits true to size and they are super comfort shoes. i'm planing on get more colors
B008VAQ1UY Wearable I bought these shoes because of what the description said they were going to be with the photo provided, but when I received my item there was no bungee cord in place just plain shoe laces w/same color as provided in the photo. I love the sueded look style of the shoes & I am not planning on returning them because I'm wearing them despite the shoe lace look.
B008VD3M4E Color off Picture shows each boot color. For the navy smooth it shows black. got blue boots. Returned for a refund. Cannot find black 5.5 field boots
B008VD3M4E Timberland Yhe color was true to the picture and the size is great, I love these boots and so does my grandson.
B008VS5S00 Great shoes for a active girl Theses shoes really hold up. My daughter wears them everywhere including to the lake and other water places. Because of the tracken I never have to worry about her slipping. And they dry fast. Love that tie on the shoe it's easy to pull off and on with a little tug. Will buy again in a different color. The sizing does run a little big.
B008ZBPGFU I did not like I did not like, I wanted a color and sent me another color that I wanted. should debolverme money. the only good thing is that they are of good material.
B008ZBPGFU Great Slippers! They are nice and warm, but don't make my feet sweat.  The soles are durable and comfortable.  I love them.  The only drawback is that the pic looks like a tan color, but they're more of a taupe.
B0090JZSMW Don't trust the pictures! The shoes is anwsome ,I love it,but the color is too bad I choose BLUE,when I received,it looks like the Grey
B0091QISZS Timberland men's mount Brought this shoe mainly because of brand and quality.Color look same as picture and size also quite accurate.Will recommend to my friends to buy.
B009GIRFAU I like it I like this luggage its beautiful one .the wheels are very smooth ,and its large and the color is very elegant
B009QAS692 good boot but they squeak when I walk. I guess I'll have to break them in.I still get a lot of compliments on the color.
B009XF0GJ8 comfy and cute I was so happy when I got these.  They fit perfectly, and are so comfortable.  The color looks a lot better than they do in the picture.  I got the brown ones, size 7.5I could not be happier.  I will definitely be buying more in different colors.  I would recommend this for teenagers or young adults looking for causal sneakers.
B009XF0GJ8 Review Good purchase and very comfortable. Will recommend to others. Nice color for the summer. Had a previous pair in the beige color.
B00A4EPQF6 Fade Before buying a month, out of the amazing color. How to see is not 100% leather&#12290;But the other one color, like a lot. Buy black that is a good thing
B00AAPHB2U Darker than expected The shoes is nice and can be used in a large range of occasions. The bad point is that it is darker I'm comparison to the picture. If you are looking for a pair of shoes in the picture color I do not recommend this product.
B00ARIVHXO Perfect Beautiful boots. They look more classy without folding them down. I was thinking of changing the shoelace color but its grown on me and I love these boots.
B00AW7M97S Tried and true. These boots were super cute but I wasn't in love with the color. They were also on the small side. I am a 7-7.5 and ordered a 7 which only got on my foot without socks. If you are between sizes order up, if you are picky about color choices is recommend trying to find them in a store to compare all the colors first which us what I intend to do! The last pair of timberland boots I had lasted me 8 years so they are def worth every penny!
B00AW7M97S Color Fit great, but color is more of a reddish brown. Still very nice, but would have prefered the lighter brown in the picture.
B00AW7M97S Love!!!!! The boots came very quickly. They are the same color as in the picture and fit quite nice.  The laces allow you to make some size adjustments.  I would buy them again:)
B00AW7M97S Fantastic boot! I was a little hesitant after reading reviews.  Some said that they had ordered the dark brown and received the light brown.  I ordered the dark and received them.  The fit is perfect, I'm an 8M.  The color is rich and beautiful, and are very well made. I am also 5 feet tall, so was concerned that they might fit too high on my leg, but they come a good 2 or 3 inches below my knee.  I had originally seen them on Athleta for $178 and really wanted them, but thought I would check Amazon.  At $117, I'm glad I did!
B00AW7M97S Great boots, but brown color problems I bought these boots in black and absolutely love them.  I ordered them in brown, expecting to get the color as shown on the amazone website.  Instead I recieved dark brown boots (look exactly like the "dark brown" variety as shown on the website.  So be careful when ordering "brown" -- you don't know what color you'll get!
B00AW7M97S Is Brown the Brown forty (reddish brown) I ordered the dark brown because Amazon was shipping both  tobacco and brown forty if you ordered brown. ....I like them so much I'd also like a pair of brown forty...( I already have the Savin in tobacco).  I noticied that Amazon has added the color wheat with a picture of tobacco...(maybe someone  got their crops mixed up )  ....has anyone ordered brown and gotten tobacco lately ?My normal size 9M was a perfect fit.....took out of box and wore all day shopping.
B00AW7M97S Just What I Wanted! I got these at Zappos, but were too expensive, so I returned them. The color that I wanted (Brown Forty) was at its original price...I paid 75%+ off its original price on Amazon. They're the real deal. Got 'em brand new. The leather smells nice, too. Got 'em in my size and they fit perfectly and comfortably. Sold by Amazon.Thanks Amazon!
B00AW7M97S wrong color description I AM WAITING FOR AMAZON TO FIX THIS PROBLEM WITH THE COLORS.  I ALSO EXPECTED TO RECEIVE TOBACCO FORTY, BUT RECEIVED BROWN FORTY. I KNEW THE COLOR DESCRIPTION WAS NOT CORRECT, HOWEVER, VISUALLY THE COLOR PICTURED IS TOBACCO FORTY. SINCE I KNEW THAT I ORDERED- AND TOOK A CHANCE ONLY TO RECEIVE THE WRONG COLOR. I AM GOING TO HAVE TO WAIT NOW AND HOPEFULLY AMAZON CAN RECTIFY. I LIKE THIS BOOT- BUT THE FIT IS STILL A BIT NARROW EVEN FOR THE WIDE SIZE. I AM HOPING THEY STRETCH. IN A TRUE WIDE SHOE I WOULD BE A 7 OR 71/2. I ORDERED 8 WIDE ( BECAUSE OF REVIEWS I READ) - WHICH IS A BIT BIG,  BUT STILL SNUG IN THE WIDTH.
B00AW7M97S Great boot! Great construction, great fit, great look.  I wore these through an ice/rain/snow storm in NYC and it held up really well.  No slipping.  Looks adorable and kept my feet warm too (with thick socks).  It did leak a little into the boot but only after walking a mile in unavoidable huge slush puddles that came up to my ankle.  I stepped in about 10 of them before a bit of water go through.  But surely these are not meant to be used as waders!  I got it for less than $100 when Amazon was having a 30% off boot sale.  I am so happy i got these.  I love timberlands and have other styles as well that i adore.  I just wish these arrived in the color i wanted - which was the lighter, less red brown version.  The pictures showed that version but i was sent the reddish brown.  I like this color but it was a bit of a disappointment.  I see that Amazon has since fixed this but i still liked them enough and for the price it was worth it to keep.UPDATE:  1/8/14 - I ordered these in Black after having the reddish brown color (even though I was hoping for the wheat color before Amazon fixed the brown shoe problem) because i wear them all the time and love them so hard.  THey are one of my comfortable pair of boots and i don't have to worry about going out and walking around all day in them.  Just for anyone is curious about sizing.  I got the original pair in 8W.  They didn't have that available in Black for this go round so i ordered the 8 regular and honestly i cannot tell the difference AT ALL!  The 8 seems to be the exact same width as the 8W.  Maybe a few milimeters off!  Anyway, i am normally a 7.5 and usually size down if there is concern but sizing up for all Timberland boots works for me.  I have average foot width too.  I'd say it is a better choice to size up a half size with these and maybe a full size if you have wide feet as I don't think the difference in the Wide v. Medium is going to be that impactful.  Love these boots!
B00AW7M97S Timberland boots Great quality leather and true to size. I love the color and I would highly recommend this boot and brand.
B00AW7M97S zombie fightin' boots! These boots are amazingly comfy. I got them in a wide since boots usually squeeze my toes and it was a good choice. I also ordered half a size larger than usual. The brown is exactly the reddish color I wanted (not tobacco brown). They seem very durable and the leather is high quality. So glad I bought these!!! Now I have boots I could run from zombies or walk around San Francisco in!
B00AW7M97S color is very red Color is too red. Nice boot but I returned for the dark brown.  Fit as everyone described. Ordered true to size.
B00AW7M97S Great style but beware color description I instantly loved these boots when they arrived and they look wonderful on. Beware the color descriptions though - I always order several sizes to find the right fit and ordered this particular style in US 5.5 M(B), 5.5 W(C/D), 6 M(B), and 6 W(C/D) - all "Brown". From price shopping on other sites I knew the brown was offered in THREE variants:Tobacco Forty Leather: [...]Brown Forty Leather: [...]Dark Brown: [...]Amazon is shipping the Tobacco Forty Leather and Brown Forty Leather colors under the general color description "Brown" and the Dark Brown color under the correct name "Dark Brown". With respect to the Tobacco and Brown Forty Leather colors, you cant control which one you get from Amazon, although they are VERY different. The Brown Forty Leather has a distinct red tone and the Tobacco Forty Leather is a neutral brown. The Timberland website shows the colors and color names clearly and other sites differentiate the colors as well. The photo shown on Amazon is for the Tobacco Forty Leather only, but they stock and ship both (again, without the opportunity to pick).I expected to receive all four pairs in Tobacco Forty Leather because of the photo, however the 5s arrived in Tobacco and the 6s arrived in Brown. Its a good thing that the 6s didn't fit because I think the color is pretty awful in comparison to the Tobacco.The 5.5 W(C/D) fit me best and were very comfortable with some adjustment in the laces and buckle. Unfortunately, one of the lace stays on the tongue of the right boot snapped on the first lace adjustment. Amazon Return Center was not able to offer a replacement for some reason, so I checked the stock and simply ordered the boot again for the same price. The new boot arrived today but is the red-colored Brown Forty Leather that I don't like. I'm a pretty irritated because I would like to have a boot that is NOT broken AND in the color that I like! I don't really want to keep ordering and returning boots until I hit the right colorway by chance, so I will probably just give up and accept the broken lace stay (maybe try and have it repaired). If I had paid the Zappos price I would have had a conniption about color mix-ups of this nature, but since I bought the boots on Amazon for $100 less, I'll live with the color I like and the minor quality defect. Buyer beware - that's all.Otherwise a lovely boot that looks great with dresses and over jeans. Much nicer than the Steve Madden Troopa Boot which has a thin synthetic upper and is generally flimsy. In comparison, I know the Timberland Savin Hill Mid boot will stand up to some serious leaf kicking and mud this fall.
B00AW7M97S I LOVE these boots. These are hands down one of the most comfortable (while being stylish) boots that I've ever owned. Timberland women's boots seem to run small so order half a size up (I'm usually a 6 in boots but 6.5 fits well. If you're ever looking at Timberland heeled boots, order 1 full size up). Other reviewers are correct in that Timberland boots also run quite narrow, but unless you know you have wide or slightly wide feet this shouldn't be a problem. I have average feet and wasn't bothered by this.The colors are also a little strange on Amazon; I ordered a dark brown and was expecting a dark coffee color, but instead got the tobacco brown. But that was okay, since I think the reddish brown color is beautiful! However, if you're dead set on one specific color be careful; you might get a different color.Finally, I've had these boots for about 8 months now, and wear them quite often (3-4 full days a week), and besides some surface scratches it's still in really great condition. The rubber sole hasn't changed at all, and the leather itself is quite strong and sturdy. That being said, I've noticed that it scratches easily but those marks can be removed with shoe oil and consistent care.If you're on the fence about these boots GET THEM! They're honestly really great and worth the price. Probably will last a while too.
B00AW7M97S hoho~~ amazing cool design and very very comportable ! Love this vintage mood boots! Most of all, this is very comportable ever. amazing!!And so strong and detailed.Color is red-brown. little bit pale wine color. gorgeous.Thanks Timberland ! and amazon :)
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! I am very particular about how my shoes fit.  If they aren't comfortable, I won't wear them. I love these boots! I'm usually a size 10, but I ordered a 9 1/2... They fit perfectly!  Beautiful brown color...I am ordering the black next.  Loads of compliments every time I wear them. Don't hesitate on buying these!
B00AW8JG9G Lovely boots at a great price I saw these boots online and instantly loved the color and design of them, but couldn't afford them until I looked on Amazon. These boots fit just fine (i'm usually an 8 so I ordered an 8). I can get away with a pair of tights and thin socks before they get too snug for me. I like everything about the boots, the color (which is as the image shows), the style, the low heel, and there's zippers too. Didn't have a problem with them fitting my legs either, and there's spare room for jeans (i'm 5ft 7 125lbs). The packaging was good and the order shipped exactly when it was supposed to. Cannot say much for comfort and wear at this stage as have only worn them a couple of times but so far so good.
B00AW8JG9G Very comfortable and look great Size was accurate and fit my thin legs without any bagging.  Color is true to picture and soles look like leather.
B00AW8JG9G I've been looking for these! I have been reading reviews and looking for the right boot online for a while now. I was wanting genuine leather compared to the synthetics I can find locally for cheap that own up to their price. I LOVE these! They are true to size, and not super stiff...wore for one day and already feeling great! I am really considering getting them in black too. I got the brown and they are a beautiful color.
B00AW8K0WI Not comfortable and the color is not good. The boot is not comfortable and the black color is not good as saw on the webpage. The leather feels stiff and is more like a skiing boot.
B00AW8K0WI would save and buy another one in a different color! shoes is narrow, but fits my foot! im in -love with this, the leather is very nice.. would save money and get the other ones!!
B00AZPO1BY my shoe Fit as expected, but my order was for a black color and you guys sent me a dark brown, so please for next time make sure the color is right
B00AZPOIF8 Great Shoes are somewhat Large but it feels great. NIce color. very comfortable. I am sure I will buy more!!Fully recommended.
B00AZPOIF8 Somewhat different color As I say, the color is slightly different to that seen in the picture, I would have liked to be a more real coffee at least that's what I see for the rest all good.
B00AZPOIF8 Confort is the word! Very comfortable shoes. The color is great and it suits in a variety of situations. Also very durable and the sole has a good quality. I recommend!
B00AZPOIF8 Returned Although it was a good fit and feel, it did not meet my other expectation: appearance and color; therefore I returned it. It was the difference between the color on-line and actual color.
B00AZPP54Q Do you want comfy and cool Great fit, the color is amazing and they look great with shorts, jeans and almost anything else. The comfort of the shoes is very important in the summer and this is definitly a show stopper.
B00AZPPEQ0 Customer review helps I read all the reviews, and decided I had to order an half size smaller. It fits me well as expected.I am 24 years old, and i love these shoes. As one's review mentioned that the color is different from the picture, the actual color is dark brown rather than light brown, but never mind, it makes perfect for a young man.
B00AZPPEQ0 loved them. Perfect fit and loved the color which is actually a lot darker than in picture. Very good quality and definitely will buy again.
B00AZPPEQ0 color does not match the photo I had a pair of these 2 years ago and literally wore the soles out. could not find them anywhere, then did on Amazon. Was very excited. However, once they arrived, they were DARK brown. Not, soft beige/tan like the photo and my previous pair. I understand dye lots change, but at least put the proper photo online. They are comfortable, and need them for a trip, so can't return them, but buyer beware!!!
B00AZPPEQ0 Four Stars brown pair has nice color and texture
B00AZPQV6C Timberland earthkeeper Semi boots Timberland are comfortable and fits well,good leather and color.The rubber marks slip on wet surface and thats a problem..,
B00AZPQV6C want another one different color my feet are so comfortable in it that i want to wear these boots every day. i used them during all winter and they still look fresh.
B00B02THKQ still got it going on in my '60's As I've aged, I gave up most of my high heeled boots, but then saw these and thought, maybe I could pull it off.I have so many 2 hour, 4 hour and 6 hour boots. Sound familiar? I wanted a sassy pair to last a long day, and these are the ones.Beautifully crafted by Timberland. I have so many Timbys that I didn't think I could find a color I didn't have. This color is perfect with my line-up. The heel isn't as high as it sounded. I wear a 7 shoe and ordered an 8 with this boot. It fits perfect. I usually wear a fleece sock with boots and it gives a snug support, but not so tight it falls into the '1/2 a day' only boot selection.One of Timberland's best!~
B00B82ZHB6 Nice shoes! Product wise, this shoes are great, specially the new cupsole design!!! I wanted the wheat color but for some reasons, it couldn't be shipped to Dubai! Wish you could be more flexible as it's the same product & says my size was available on wheat color.
B00B83WVR8 Awesome quality I'm happy with my new shoes. I like the color and fits wonderful. The materials are supreme. bye. peace. S
B00B9PADWA Good! Shoes where the right size the right color and to right fit. I really like them. The color is great.
B00B9PADZ2 Very comfortable Very comfortable, well made boot. I have tough to fit feet (arthritic toe that points up) and these fit like a glove. Look great with cords and the burgundy color is hard to find. Great deal on Amazon!
B00B9PIUS4 l Love the 6" Earthkeeper! Fit was great ,seems to be a rugged boot and i like the fact that they are light weight.Color also what i exspected.
B00B9PYALU Great Boots First off it could be my monitor but the color of the laces is more like the old Charlotte hornets color, but it comes with black laces as wellGreat grip, ive had a lot of time to wear them in ice and snow and grip hasnt been a concern. Keep my feet fairly warm, and fairly dry. Sometimes i think water seeps in but im not certain.My usage case is for these boots is as a daily driver, i dont take them hiking or anything like that just use them like a daily pair of shoes.Overall i like them, i think they are comfortable and have a little bit of vintage hiking boot style which i like. I would order another pair if these wore out.
B00B9U4R6S great product...however What can I say, they are Timberland boots.  The quality is as to be expected with Timbs....Excellent.  The only reason this did not get 5 stars was because I ordered the brown, and the color online did not depict what the true color of the boot was.  In person the boot is a reddish brown, rusty color.  They still look great, but the color was not what I expected.
B00B9U4R6S Excellent Service I would highly recommend Elite Hero as they went above and beyond to help. The boots were a Christmas gift for my son. The color was not &#34;brown&#34; so my son wanted another color. Elite Hero tried to help but did not have the color or size my son wanted and needed.They were in constant communication with us. Elite Hero  is an HONEST and HONORABLE company, I would most definitely order from Elite Hero again. WELL DONE, Elite Hero!!!
B00BCJV7H8 PERFECT I love the look, fit, and color! A MUST buy! Also the fur on the inside is like heaven. No joke.
B00BCJV7H8 lovr the boat I really like the color, style but it does fit somewhat tighter. Normally I wear a size 7, but in this style I would be wearing a sock.So I can make this work.
B00BCJV7H8 Disappointed These boots seem to have good quality. However, the style, fit, and color aren't what I expected. I am returning them today.
B00BCJV7H8 Wrong color description These boots are not grey, they are green and look military. They are comfortable, but not very warm. Ooo o
B00BCJV7H8 my friends like it Timberland Women's MT Hope Mid L/F WP Boot,Wheat/Blend is Really good waterproof boots are good, but the downside is that the color is easy to be polluted, but that design is an excellent insulating ability and also my friends were buying it.
B00BCJV7H8 Geat quality The color of this boot is different as pic, look closer to army green.But the quality is good, the downy inside make feet feel warm.It's quite pity, the size is somewhat small for me, I have to give it to my sister as gift :'(
B00BCJV7J6 GOODY TWO SHOES.THIS BOOT IS A HOOT! I've walked around the house in them but I have not yet worn them outside.  They are absolutely what I wanted.  Somehow or other I ordered the wrong color but oh well these will have to do.  I really wanted the black ones.  I would recommend them to anyone who wants a good boot to walk in and stay warm as well dry. See you around.
B00BCJWVSM Great product! Timberland Women's Wingate Lace Oxford , I love this brand, convenient and practical good price I Buy black and brown color , Happy to buy ,Thank you
B00BCJX6TU Bad fit My daughter did not like the way they fit.  She also did not like the style or the color of this boot.
B00BCJXLHW Nice boot. Beautiful dark magenta color. Lots of room, I will be adding an insert for a bit more padding. I wear it all the way tied.
B00BCJXLHW Nice Shoe But Wrong Color They fit well and look like they'd hold up in the winter/rain. Only problem is that I bought the dark brown color thinking it'd be a similar color as the picture, but it was completely different. It was almost black. Returning these today!
B00BCJXLHW Great for winter! Be careful with the color choice. These shoes are great for winter!  Definitely very warm, and good at keeping my feet dry.  The only thing that I found disappointing is the color.  I ordered the tobacco color expecting a darker shade of brown, however in reality they are much lighter.  Definitely not a deal breaker though, I still end up wearing the shoes all the time!
B00BCJXLHW "Burgundy" should be "Eggplant" I ordered the burgundy but the color should've been labeled as "eggplant". It's purple! A very rich and nice purple, but not at all what I was expecting. The shoe itself is very warm and sturdy. The laces are a little flimsier that I would like but I love that it's waterproof and can definitely appreciate the good materials used to make this shoe. I'm a 7 - 7.5 in shoes, and this one (7) feels just a little tight. I'm sure that it'll fit fine once broken in. I would buy it again in a heartbeat if it was available on Prime in wheat, but sadly it isn't.
B00BCJXLHW I really like them I like the versatility.Can wear them up or down. The lining is warm and not bulky.This was the only color available in the size I needed. Will check back to see if I can get a darker color.They were due to be delivered the day after Christmas. They came 2 days before.
B00BCJXLHW Color funky They fit fine, i like them just very disappointed in the color. They were to be burgundy and came out purple not liking that at all
B00BCJXLHW Love the burgandy color! It's been cold in Utah this winter and good boots are a necessity. These are comfortable and I've received compliments from strangers. These boots are built for utility but the pop of color makes them more feminine and fun.
B00BCJXLHW Add one more  shoes size 6B (M) color Navy Can you add more items Timberland Women's Teddy Fleece Fold Down WP Ankle Boot size 6B (M) color Navy.I have now bought
B00BCJXLHW timberland teddy fleece boots I love my boots, they are the perfect color, and the feel so good. Plus I can wear them so many different ways.Thanks
B00BCJXLHW Great shoes Very comfortable, love the color.  Now my husband wants a pair in black when we ride up north on our bikes.
B00BCJXLHW Perfect Beautiful.Worm.Dry.Good looking.Strong material but very smooth with the feet.Nice color.My wife loves them.Strongly recommended..
B00BCJXLHW nice color, but... I wouldnt call them red, more eggplant, in the purple family. But I like the color.I'm debating if I should go a 1/2 size smaller, feel too roomy even with big sox on. A bit heavy also.
B00BCJXLHW Badass boots Just got these in the mail and am so excited to start wearing them. I'm a size 8 and these are a bit snugger than I would like but a size up, even a half size up, would definitely be too big. Looking around the internet.. people say they won't stretch much but in my experience, they should stretch a bit with use so I'm definitely expecting a break in period. Worth it in my opinion.I ordered it in Taupe and as some reviews stated, the color is not exactly what it is in the picture. So I was prepared for that and I like the color anyway. Its darker and has sort of an olive-ish hue to it.Super warm. I can already tell these are gonna be so boss in the winter. Taking them out for a first run tomorrow in a snow storm.
B00BCJXLHW The color is different shown on picture The color is different shown on picture.But the color what I received is more beautiful than the picture. It is lavander.
B00DYQP7NM very surprised They were comfortable right out of the box,which is sometimes hard to find in a ballet flat,thinking of buying another color,also good quality leather.
B00DYQRLGS The reviews are true! I'm so glad I bought this shoe.  I was hesitant because of the price and I have very wide feet so it's usually a challenge to find comfortable heals for me that is cute, comfortable, and stylish. I'll definitely be ordering another pair of not in another color than another style in this brand because you seriously get what you pay for!  WOW!
B00DYQRLGS Wish it came in the color I want These shoes fit great (I ordered a size 8 and it was true to size). They are so comfortable I was barely aware of wearing them. However, I have no idea why these shoes are referred to as "tan." If there's a meaningful difference between "light" and "dark" tan, then these shoes are really light brown. I'm rather pale and needed something more natural looking on me. I ended up returning these and ordering a truly tan platform wedge in a different style from the manufacturer's website.
B00DYQV5ZG Lov them The perfect size and the color was nice. I would recommend .very comfortable and they don't need to be broken in..
B00DYQVWZ4 Great Shoe! This is so comfortable!  It fit as expected and I couldn't be happier.  The leather is a beautiful color, the inside fabric is soft and the height of the heel is just right.  First time out I wore them all day long and was never uncomfortable.  I'm thinking of buying in another color.
B00DYQWBHW Great Boots... Fits Great...Looks Good...and does as good a job of holding my ankle in place as the ankle brace MD gave me...(better really). Wear them when I have a lot of walking to do....(I have ankle arthritis from 30 yr old injury).  I am going to get the brown color too.
B00E41TKD4 Fit but fade The shoes itself it very good and fitted,but the insole have severe red color fade,it made my white socks change to red.
B00E41UQBE Cool Tim's The boots were exactly as shown on the website. They are comfortable and the boots are authentic. The touch of blue makes the boot awesome along the boot color. Looks like Timberland is trying to fashion a boot similar to other shoe makers like Ben Sherman, Cole Haan; etc with the two tone color design and it worked. Totally recommend!
B00E41UQBE I love this product! Great fit, stylish, and surprisingly comfortable. The color is different yet it works with most any pair of jeans. Great shoe for the weather and casual dress.
B00E8RA1UK It's pink, not maroon. It's a great shoe, and I ordered it in a different color. This color is PINK. This is a shoe that cannot be wirn by a little boy. The description says maroon, I believe. NO! It's pink. I opened the box, and immediately printed a return label. But since it's such a good shoe, I reordered in a different color.
B00EALU18Q These are soooo me... I love this shoe. It fits as I thought it would. The design of color splashes is so the artist in me.
B00ECS3CDS Great shoe Can't go wrong with Timberland. Going to buy them in a different color
B00FJ1TT66 very nice I like the style and color.when i received it,the price droppedwhat a sad thing for price drop,but it's well for me.
B00GOHQ59S need bigger sizes awesome color but too small for my clients.need 12's and 13's do you have bigger sizes in this color drop me a line?
B00IV3RH3Q Great The color it's a little bit lighther than the one in the picture. Plenty space for ID's and credit cards
