B000073TM3 cute boys boots looks great on my fly son! i love them! will order next winter again! very durable and easy to clean
B00009WM7J Loveeeee them! Happy i got em. So cute on my feet and i got them for a good price too. Thanks again.
B00009WM7J I like it Their really cute . Came pretty fast (: ! They are a little big but nothing a pair of thick socks can fix I love em (:
B0000AFSX4 They're ok Cute boot just not the right size. I didn't think to look at the big kind and toddler. Other than that they're a go!! Thank you
B0000AFSX4 wonderful these are the cuties shoes ever my grand daughter looks so cute in these the nicest boots made . im going to get me a pair thank you
B0000AFSX4 Cute! Super cute!  They arrived on time.  They were a gift but will be buying them for my son when he is big enough!
B0000AFSX4 Like theses very cute Fits good once her foot is in but it hard to get them on we have to use a tongue shoe to get them on
B0000AFSX4 Great boots Bought because they're extra durable and match pretty much everything. They look just like the grown up ones, which is really cute because now my son and his father have the same shoes.
B0000AFSX4 the Girl timberland boots rating. Nice girl boot for the winter weather and its a cute color. Durable and stylish. The boot fits regular size.
B0000AFSX4 So Cute these are so cute and really made very well...kind of heavy for a 2 year old but she looks so cute in them.  Well worth the price
B0000AFSX4 I love it cute....
B0000DFAXV Great Boots Love them! Good fit and super cute! I ordered them a size larger and found that they are true to size.
B0001CNJ9Q So cute!! I got these for my son due in early October.  They look just like his Daddy's favorite boots!  The quality is good and they are adorable! The beanie hat was an added bonus too. I will definitely buy another pair when he grows out of these.
B0001CNJ9Q great transaction Excellent look & feel fit perfectly really cute like the hat too goes perfect with the boots & love see the prompt delivery thanx
B0002RDYMC Love Timbs!! He has to get a new pair every year!  These r GREAT Winter- Fall Boots ANDDD depending on how u rock them- they look cute with Fatigue Shorts.  I MUST SAY- I LUV THIS CHOCOLATE COLOR!!
B000B2HQ5O Very cute I bought these for my 18 month old and they are just too cute! I also like that they are available in half sizes.
B000G21BSC comfortable and cute Love my boots! They fit great and are very comfortable. They are cute with any jeans and shirt. If its just a tee or if its more dressy. Works for both styles.
B000KN3KAE Great Shoes These shoes are absolutely fabulous!!!  Our daughter loves thems.  No need to break them in...they are comfy and feel perfect right from the first step.  They are cute too!!  Highly recommend this product
B000P9E9LC The cutest one! This sandals are really cute! They suit me perfectly, very comfortable, I feel that can even climb mountains in this shoes))Sorry for poor English)
B000VI8VBG cute super good quality shoes but definitely not a toddler size 9, they were very small and narrow. I had to return
B000VIAOMU Cute boot My 3 yr old loves looking like a lil man.  Can't beat the price on real timberlands for kids either
B000VIAQAK These boots are darling. I bought these boots for my 18 month old daughter, and she loves wearing them. It took a day for her to get used to them as the leather is a bit stiff at first but now she asks to put them on every morning. They are made really well from quality materials. She gets compliments from everyone when she wears them. So cute!!
B000VQBPOS Great boots! I prefer the men's style Timberland ankle boot, but these were cute. They fit very nice and have lasted me 3 years so far!
B000ZJYAEI cute, but run narrow these sandals are adorable, but unfortunately i couldn't keep them as they run quite narrow.  also, foot bed was definitely not as cushioned nor comfy as i expected.  but like i said, extremely cute.
B000ZJZRAY Very cute and comfortable! This sandal is super cute and comfy!  In my opinion, it runs just a little bit bit.  I normally wear an 8 and in this I could have taken a 7 1/2.  My only complaint is that you cannot just slide your foot into in.  You have to sit down and strap yourself in.  Also, it is not a very dressy shoe nor is it overly casual, so I am having trouble finding outfits for it.
B0013KLK9Q girl sandals My daughter doesn't like to wear them. I guess they are not as comfortable as I thought they are but they look very cute on her.
B0013KNDQ4 Cute shoes Cute shoes.  I ordered a size 4.5, but they are a bit smaller than some other size 4's that I already had for my son.  Good quality and durable.
B0016JA61W cute shoe but........ Very cute shoes for my 5 year old.  But believe it or not he still tore these up in less than two months.  Very disappointed because they were timberlands.  Thought they were supposed to stand up to anything.  Ended up getting another pair for the same price (forgot the brand) but they have lasted much better.
B001707XTI Cute boot The boot is awfully cute although not a true black, more a deep chocolate brown.  Even guys compliment me on them!
B0017089IW comfy and cute These are the most comfy and cute shoes, I love being able to just slip them on and go.
B001708FZE cute but not sturdy I was so excited to get these boots delivered today and SO dissapointed to have the lace break off in my hand as I was tightening them up.  They are cute but not as sturdy as I would expect from Timberland.  Not as warm either.  They will be returned and I will have to make do with something else.
B00170AKW0 Comfy and Cute On the search page, it showed the boots with the top rolled down and the white fur showing and it was really cute, but there weren't pictures of it like that on the product description page, so I wasn't absolutely sure it was the same boot. But it definitely is, and they look so cute rolled down like that (that's how they came in the box) and rolled up too. They're really warm boots and they're comfortable. I was able to spend an entire day outside at a winter festival and my feet didn't get cold at all. They came with the authentic Tim tag on the right boot and all, and they were a great price, considering what they'd go for on the Tim site or at one of their stores. Good deal!
B001760HFY Cute shoe,but no comfort!! These are really cute shoes. but not comfortable at all. I am really sorry because I love the look.
B001760K56 Boots are LONG, buy half size smaller These boots are cute, but they are super long.  I bought a 7 1/2 and it was the length of a 9, I returned and got a 6 1/2 and is was still long but too tight...  So, be careful.  But the company was great in handling it.
B001760K56 These boots are perfect!!! I have been looking for boots like this for a long time.  These are cute, comfortable and true to size!
B001760K56 Love 'em! The boots are good quality leather and very comfortable...no breaking in needed.  I have been wearing them as a winter boot...great tracktion.....and cute too!  Fit true to size.
B001760K56 Cute boot but not for athletic calves Def not made for larger calves! This boot was super cute but I could barely get it half-way zipped up! I'm muscular not overly large and my calf measures 15.5" but it would not work. So disappointed.
B001760S0S My Timberlands I just recieved my Timberlands today, and I must say the picture does not do this shoe justice. I Love them! They are comfortable, and cute.The shipping was fast too! I ordered them on the 10th got them on the 12th.
B0019QZCL6 fabulous boots! My daughter had these boots last year and loves them. Not only cute, but warm too! Very easy to get on and off. Looks cute with pants or skirts. We are buying them again for this year!
B0019R16TC SO cute! Purchased these boots for my 2yr old to wear this fall, she hasn't worn them yet.  I was SO happy when we received these from Amazon, they're even cuter in person!  I wish they came in my size.  Can't say enough how cute these are.
B0019R1BHO Cute boots My little boy loves these and he didn't get a blister the first time he wore them.
B001F0QGGQ Could be so great! Basicly these are made with nice leather, have a comfy sole with some cushion and come in very cute fashionable colors. My problem was they were so narrow in the toes and they didn't just squish they hit in an awkward spot on my toes. I ordered an 11M which is what I always wear and I don't even think the 11c/d would have helped! Wish they fit I loved the color and Timberlands usually are so comfy!
B001F13SF2 Brookyn The boots look very cute in the picture, in person they look like clown shoes.
B001G8X4SU cute, but a little uncomfortable i got these sandals in white, and they're super cute. the problem is my feet are narrow so when i walk they slip forward, and the thong trap is a little uncomfortable. it's not terrible, but i wouldn't wear them for an all day on my feet event.i was also disappointed in amazon because 1 day after i ordered these they went on sale, and they would not credit me the difference. i'm a regular amazon shopper so i thought that was poor customer service.
B001LI7HJC Love them I put 4 stars because they fit a little bt big compaired to other shoes. if you are 7, I recommend you to buy a 6.5.  Other than that they are cute, conftable and very good quality
B001RNOPXW Cute Very cute shoe. Is as pictured fit my son confortably. Note that color on sole of the shoe is orange not red. Would buy these for him again in another size as he grows.
B001U89OGM Compliments....All Day Long....Get the Wheat Color I just got my Mount Holly's and they are as cute as can be.  I ordered the size 9 in Wheat Burnished and trust me that's the color to get.  THEY ARE CUTE!. I had no problems AT ALL...They are perfect. They DON'T rub AT ALL.  Don't Miss Out!  You will LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them.
B001U89OGM super  cute and warm Love them, they are cute and very warm to wear in thi winter, is a rich leather, very nice to wear all day and walk all day without feeling tired and pain. I could never feel dissapointed when I buy Timberland.
B002A7X2QU Cute warm boots I had order these boots for me and my daughter and we both love them. The are cute and warm and when we wear them we always get compliments on them.
B002OHEEG8 Very cute and comfortable I got this sandals for my 17 months old girl and they look perfect, but my baby doesn't like them for some weird reason. I have checked them to see if something is bothering her, but they look comfortable and just good. They look, strong and very well made and they are very easy to put it.
B002OHEEG8 So Cute! Got these shoes for my 1 year old who is walking around these days. They are a little clunky but he figured out how to walk in them after about 20 min. Great protection of his feet for the summer time. Love them.
B002OHEEG8 makes her feet sooooo stinky!!! really cute & great sole, great fit & easy to walk in, good construction, but the sole makes for a very stinkly little foot when sweaty!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B002T3QUL4 soooo cute the cutest, most adorable boots for girls.. i absolutely love them.. and they seem very comfy too..
B0034G54BM Nice boots! An avid supporter of Timberland products.  The boots look good on, just the length I wanted. A small pinch in narrowness in on of the toe areas, but with more wear I suspect it will loosen.Its a great boot! Cute!
B0034G54BM It's ok but not as durable as Timerland should be. This boot is cute but fits a little large.  The leather is more of a matte finish that kind of loses its' shape after getting wet from rain.
B0034G54BM Looking Good! These boots not only looked good, but are very functional for the wet weather we often get!  Love them and so cute:)
B0034G54BM Cute and practical boot This is my second pair of these boots. Works as a fashion boot, but made super-well. Holds up in winter weather due to its good leather upper and rugged, treaded sole.
B0034G558E Leather They are definitely cute on my feet but the leather wore out pretty easily.  Not exactly waterproof.  Scratches very easily. I expected better quality but i still like them.
B0034G558E So cute! These boots are so cute. Bought them for the snow but ended up wearing them all the time. They look great with everything. I bought a 7.5M and my foot slips around inside of it. One needs to truly double up on socks as it ran a bit big for me. Luckily, for me, it fits the calf fine. I simply loosened the laces to give more room for jeans/pants. Superb!
B0034G558E Cute, conformable, true to size I have big feet, I'm a tall girl! lol These made my feet look smaller and almost.... cute hahaI have these in black also b/c I love them so much.
B0034G558E Love them! Super cute & super comfy.  I have a larger calf & might buy longer laced but the boots fit just fine.
B0034G558E Cute These look nicer than the picture and are very comfortable....fit as expected, which is a little wider than the savin hill timberlands.
B0034G558E Super Cute and Comfy I would definitely recommend these boots.  I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly with thicker wool socks.  Really comfortable to walk in.  Stylish and cute, as well as practical with the zipper on the side.
B0034G558E Love them! I love these boots! Great quality and super cute! For me it the fit was a little bit bigger than my usual size but is great with the right sock!! These are my first pair of Timberlands and I am very impressed.
B0034G558E Awesome boots! Timberland has great boots and shoes so I didn't hesitate on purchasing these. I'm glad I did, they are cute, fun, comfy, and can be worn many ways; with skirt, skinny jeans, boot cut jeans, and more.
B0034G558E So sad I loved the look of these boots. The style is super cute, but after wearing them a few times they started to feel very uncomfortable. The "tongue" of the boot was really loose, as mentioned by others, but it didn't bother me at first. I think the tongue has to be pulled up or else it slouches and creates an area at the end of the laces that runs on the top of the foot. For this reason, I'll be returning them. So sad because I really liked the way they look.
B0034G558E Great boots Very comfortable - and cute!  Highly recommended.  I wear a size 7.5 and these fit just right with winter weight boot socks.
B0034G558E WOW!! These shoes arrived super speeeedy and I LOVE THEM!Not only are they super cute but they are so very comfy!  I live in SF and these are super great for walking the hills and streets!Highly recommend them!
B0034G558E what a cute boot. Am usually between an 8 and 8.5. Got the 8.5, and they fit perfectly. Took less time to break in than I expected. Very comfortable and cute!
B0034G558E good shoe So far, I love these. I think the top would have been tight on my calves if the laces weren't adjustable.Cute, funky but not clunky.
B0034G558E Cute and Comfy These are comfortable and high quality. Cute with skinny jeans for a casual fall look. The soles have great traction, which is nice on slick surfaces. They feel sturdy and like they are going to last me a long time.
B0034G558E Cute but uncomfortable Boots are very cute but were very tight and uncomfortable for me.  I would advise going up one size bigger.  Returned and did not reorder
B0034G558E awsome boots! Most comfortable ones i've ever walked in, and super cute! very happy with my purchase!
B0034G5IJA Cute boots These boots are super warm and cute in a traditional meets trendy way.  I live in North Dakota and these boots live up to their price.  I would have given them five stars, but I didn't because they don't come in wide sizes, a downfall for online shoe purchases.
B0034G5IPY Comfy and cute These are super warm and soft on the inside.  The adjustable elastic drawstring on the back makes it super easy to get them off and on even over pants.
B0034G5J9E Cute but very uncomfortable :( These boots were really cute, and I was so happy that they were available in my size at the end of the season on sale.  However when I put them on, the top of my foot was smooshed like the boots were made for really flat feet.  I sat around in the boots for half an hour, and they just became more and more uncomfortable.  I am sending them back, and am sad because they seem to be great quality :(
B0034G5KAC Very cute boots!! The color is darker than I hoped, they had a few scuffs, and the left boot is tighter in the calf.  But, they are very comfortable and stylish and I get tons of compliments.
B0034G5KAC Love the boots Great boots, very cute and comfy. I where them almost every day! I like more of a flat boot but the heel is great!
B0034G5KAC Great Brown boots! They are very cute and comfortable.  I have received a lot of compliments.  They look great when paired with skirts.  I may buy another pair in black.
B0034G5KAC I love my new Tims! They are a bit tight at first across the top of the arch but Timberlands always stretch out a bit. I love them! They are super cute and I've already gotten compliments. Well-made. They will definitely last.
B0034G5KAC So comfy and cute! I have small calves... so I was worried that they would look to loose around the ankles after reading another review. However, they fit perfectly well! Not super snug, but snug enough that it doesn't look baggy at all! Believe me, I'm super picky and care about these things.They look so cute with jeans or with leggings. I've gotten many compliments already. I got half a size up because I like to wear fuzzy/thick socks for comfort.
B0038JCZ9Y cute/comfy Cute and comfortable boots (great stitching and imprinted floral detailing). The toe is cut a little narrow (somewhere in between cowboy/pointy and regular/rounded shape), so ordering a wide size really helped. Color is a little darker than it appears in the pics (somewhere in between chocolate brown and chesnut brown). Soles are a bit thin for Timberland boots (definitely fashion boots, not walking boots). Amazon's price and service were spectacular!
B0038JD1UG I had to go up a half size, too. Just throwing my two cents in about the sizing; I'm normally an EXACT size 8, so I decided to go for a 8.5, and I'm glad I did.  I doubt the 8s would fit me, and if they did I probably wouldn't be able to get a sock on.  These are super comfy and warm, and pretty cute for a full-on winter boot.
B0038JD1UG comfy, warm and cute I used to wear size 8 but this pair seems bigger than normal 8. There is still room for me to wear thicker socks. I tried another brand-named boots in store but Timberland's is more comfortable. Then I found Amazon's price is much cheaper than in store so I decided to buy here. I'm so happy with the shoes which is so cute and warm and comfy. I'd recommend people to try on in store before placing the order online so it won't cost you the return or re-sell.
B0039NCRP6 really cute These boots run really narrow so I wear them with really thin socks. They are a bit uncomfortable but not terribly. They are really cute and I get many compliments when wearing them. I can dress them up or down.  They're great for a casual boot.
B003BLP0TG good very cute boots for toddlers. stylish and practical.gore-tex is a great technology to prevent soaking.I gave only 4 stars as they are rather difficult to put on
B003CLLCCO Cute I mistakenly bought toddler version instead of BIg Kid. It was my fault, anyway and too far and costly to return back to US.However, if you love you cute baby, it's worth buying. Please, go for it.
B003ELOYEA perfect These boots are true to size, comfy, warm and cute. I haven't worn them in snow or rain yet but so far I love them.
B003ELOYEA Great Boot Great Deal Very cute boots, and comfy too. Can be worn in a light snow hike or even with a sweater dress for a modern business casual look.
B003ELOYEA LOVE these boots! These boots are really warm, cute and comfy!  I have been looking for cute warm boots for over a year.  I've looked in the malls, and on line, and finally decided on these.  I am glad I did.  These guys will last for years!
B003ELOYEA Cute AND Practical I've been searching for cute and practical winter boots for almost two months now. I took a risk and purchased these without trying them on or seeing them in "real life" and it was worth it! They are warm, well-made, and the laces are a cute addition and useful to tighten them up a bit--but you use the zipper to get them on and off so it's very convenient as well! I can't say enough good things about these boots. I bought wide width because other reviewers suggested it and I am glad I did. I have a narrow/average width foot, but with socks and the fur inside they are just right! Highly recommend these boots!!!! Worth the investment :)
B003ELOYEA Cute and comfy boots for -mild- winter activities A little tight for my wide feet but they are still pretty comfortable if I'm not walking around for hours. Very cute, get lots of compliments when I wear these. They aren't the most rugged winter boots for a girl who lives in Michigan but I wear them when I'm out and about and it's cold or snowy. I tried wearing these ice fishing and it was a big mistake, toes were freezing with two pairs of wool socks on! So in short, if you want cute winter boots that can keep for feet toasty these are great. If you want them to go ice fishing or anything else that requires hours of slogging through snow- get something a little more rugged :)
B003ELOYEA Stylish snow boots I like these boots.  They were a little snug at first, and are still a little difficult to put on, but the more I wear them the more comfortable they become.  Very cute boots!
B003ELOYEA Cute and comfortable for the winter This boots are not only adorable, they are super comfortable!!  These are so Warm and look great with leggings and a sweater.  I have big legs and a semi-wide foot and these boots are a perfect fit.
B003ELOYEA Warm and Cute! This boot is super warm and cute.  Appreciate the laces since to loosen up the fit since my legs aren't as skinny as I would like them to be.  Just be sure to order a half a size up.  I'm a 6 and I ordered a 6.5 and it's comfortably snug.  You don't need super thick socks to keep you warm either.  I hope the weather warms up, but until then - this will be my welcomed friend!
B003ELOZSU OBSESSED! I LOVE  these boots! Super happy with my purchase. I have owned them for over a year now (through two winters) and I am impervious to the elements when I wear these. They are also super cute!The only complaint I have is that the toe area is quite snug, I can't wear thick socks with them.I ordered a half size up, but I'd recommend to others to order a full size up.
B003ELOZSU Love these boots! These are very cute boots, they are true to size.  At first they feel tiht, but the lining packs down a bit after a few hours and then your foot feels comfy, but not too tight. I love the tan, I get a lot of compliments.  I bought the black as well and I try to wear them as often as possible because they are cute, warm and comfortable
B003ELOZSU Cute but small These are really cute and comfortable, but I'd recommend ordering up a whole size if you plan on wearing winter-weight socks with them.Also they will keep your feet warm down to about 0 degrees. Right now it is -40 where I live and these boots will not cut it!
B003ELOZSU superbe shoes: cute and warm Super fast delivery! congrats to amazon!the boots are as cute as they look on photo.I have already walked quite a lot with them and it is great!they are waterproof as they promis and are warm, what else can you wish for!
B003EV5KB6 Beautiful and stylish. These boots are super cute!!! If they were in my size I would be borrowing them all the time. Very nice
B003EYW3ZY Very cute but hard to get on I was so thrilled to buy these for my daughter for Fall hiking but have found them too difficult to get on her feet to make it worth it.  The elastic in the front does not loosen enough to get her foot in easily and she ends up crying trying to put them on so I usually give up.  They are very cute and sturdy and once on seem to be comfortable for her.  Would like to see this style with hook/loop rather than bungee ties.
B003EYWAIE TOO CUTE! Picture doesnt do the shoe justice!! This shoe is just too cute!! Its dressy yet rugged and perfect for a little boys/ toddlers ! The shoe has more detail in person and is awesome!! The picture doesnt do it justice. The price makes it even more unbelievable.
B003HLI3B2 These are the most comfortable pumps The fit is great.  The shoes are comfortable.  The non-slip sole is great if you have to traverse wet and slippery surfaces.  Cute and comfortable.  I wish Timberland made more women's pumps.  This is my second pair of Timberland Pro's.
B003HLJETC Not a 9! Not wide! Nasty noises! I had so much hope for these shoes.  They are so cute.  The toe box is small and low.  A 9 is usually just right or a little long for me and these were too small.  The edge cut into my big toe knuckle with immediate pain.  My biggest issue... NOISY!  My husband and I were hysterical laughing about the noises this shoe made - let's just say they were offensive and I wouldn't want to make that noise walking around in public. They are cute and well made though and the footbed is soft and comfy.  Just too many other issues.  They're on the way back.
B003JJB7RO Adorable I've been looking for warm socks with a little personality. They are wonderfully cute, keep my toes from freezing and I've gotten lots of compliments.
B003OBZT3A cute ladies work boot I finally stumbled across the knee-high version of these boots at the mall. After searching the timberland website, I found the shorter ones, the chukka's, which would be more suitable for year-round weather. I LOVE these boots and they are cute & stylish, so I don't mind wearing them out in public even after I leave work. I'm a field adjuster for an insurance company & climb on roofs and prance around fires every day.
B003TFEA5O Super cute boots These boots are just what I was looking for.  They are tall, just below the knee.  Fit is true to size.  I have not worn much so I cannot say how well they will hold up, but they appear to be a high quality boot.  They are very comfortable as well.
B003TFEA5O great boots Received these today and they are super cute.  Only gave 4 stars because of a few spots at the top where the coloring is streaky, not too bad to send them back, but not perfect either.  A little snug at first but they are breaking in nicely.
B003TFEA5O nice boot I really like the boots, but I wish they fit better around my legs. I have to wear sweater warm ups for the boots to fit. Because these boots aren't leather, they simply flop over when you take them off. They are cute though.
B003TFEA5O Cute and comfy boots I was looking for a a cute but comfortable pair of boots and I found them. They are extremely comfortable , I am a mom and part time dance teacher and I was able to wear themAll day after teaching 2 classes. They look wonderful with skinny jeans and leggings. I have wide feet , and usually order 9 but 8.5 w worked perfect. Only tiny cons are that one of the buckles makes some noise while walking and the calf adjustment button can bother u a little bit if you  cross your legs . Other than that they are unique and different from others in stores, constantly getting compliments . great purchase!
B003UFJCP6 Love these Really cute and comfortable. I wear them with khakis and jeans. Wish they came in different colors. Can't go wrong with Timberlands.
B003UFJCP6 Perfect fit  True to size These boots are so cute and fit great...when i first saw these I had to have them...the are unique and not the average rugged timberland...th amazon for the quick delivery
B003URP5JQ Not what I expected These boots look cute and comfortable in the photos.  I was very unimpressed when they arrived.  The clam shell design for easy on and off sounded like a good idea, but the two portions of the boot didn't lay seamless and honestly made my calves look massive.  I ended up returning these and am still on the quest to find new functional cute black winter boots.
B003WSZHOG Nice sandal I love almost everything about these shoes. They are super cute, run true to size, durable, and comfortable. The only negative is the toe piece is super stiff! I've had a few blisters while wearing these - and I wear flip-flops daily. Need some breaking in to make that part comfortable.
B003WSZHOG nice but not as comfortable as other timberlands Look cute on. Foot bed isn't as comfortable as other timberland sandals I've had in the past.Wish the straps fit my foot a little tighter, shoe feels like it jiggles a little when I walk.
B003XTB4OG Great comfy boots! This boots are cute and comfy.  I am 5'8" and the top falls a few inches above my knee.  I do think that they run  little small, as I usually always wear an 8 in all shoes and they were quite snug when I first got them.  They have stretched, but I still couldn't wear thick/wool socks with them.  All in all, they are cute stylish boots that hold up well.
B003XTEFHY Four Stars Love these...they looked so cute on my son's feet.
B003XYWUX0 So Cute, Just Expensive I bought these for my niece.  she is so cute in them and they look so comfortable.  Very expensive, but worth it!!!
B00408A14S So Cute My Wife Will Never Give Them Up My son outgrew these sandals a long time ago, but my wife has never outgrown them.  She will forever hold onto them as one of those cherished clothing articles that reminds her of the days when our little boy was still a little boy.  When he is a teenager, she will embarrass him by dragging them out and reminiscing about him.  I will glow, too, remembering those days.  Get some for your little guy, and you'll see.  These are cuter than cute.
B0040UDP6C Very cute and comfy shoes I love Timberland. Their products are very good in quality, style, and comfortableness. This pair is actually more fashionable than it looks in the picture. Absolutely recommend this pair!
B0040UFCCC A classic This boot is cute and it's a classic. Simple and just what I wanted.They go with just about anything and they are nice and comfortable.
B0044KN0PO I love them! They are a really nice boot - have worn them just about everyday since they arrived! And the best part they are really cute :)
B004CMX5O0 Very cute and good quality outfit Very cute with room for baby to grow. The overalls are a good sturdy jean that does not fade in the wash and stays in form.  Very good during the winter months.  Also, the overall straps dont fall off the child all day long.  They stay in place very well.  Yes, you do have buttons on the pant for easy diaper change without having to fiddle with the straps on top.
B004EHXZ1Q cute color but... this shoe is not very deep (high sole) and since it doesn't tie closer to the top of the foot....my daughter's foot was constantly slipping out.  frustrating
B004K66PAE Not as comfy as I would like The boots are really cute.  The comfort factor is lacking a little.  I do have to admit I have not worn them to much as of yet so hopefully they will break in and be a lot more comfortable.
B004K66PAE Love Them! True to size, these boots are super cute and super comfy. I am very happy and have the next pair already ordered!
B004K66PAE Really cute i was really surprised when i got , because it is quite comportable real to size and very nice, So thank u Timberland
B004K66PAE Timberland Rudston Brown Boots I looked high and low for a pair of cute, comfortable, and fashionable brown boots and thought these would fit the bill. Very cute and comfortable, though a bit higher heel than I would have liked. The only downside for me is that the fit is awfully loose around the calf. I realize they are pull-ons, but it initially looked a bit strange and took some adjustment for me. Otherwise, I'm fairly pleased with these.
B004K66PAE not as comfortable as I hoped a bit large in the fit and one boot was bigger than the other even though both labeled as 9 B. My feet are the same size I swear! Still, with an extra sock on one foot it's not bad and they are cute.
B004K66PAE So cute, and love that it's waterproof! I got these boots for the purpose of having a more fashionable waterproof boot.  The calf area is wide for my slim calves, but I still think they look cute.  I would have preferred a taller shaft, but it's fine.  It's very comfortable, and the rubber sole provides traction and prevents that annoying clacking sound that most boots and heels make.  The heel is a comfortable height, but I wouldn't recommend this boot for walking long distances in.  I only wish that this boot was warmer.  My feet were freezing when I was wearing these with a sweaterdress and stockings.
B004K66PAE LOVE IT once it is on! These boots are sooo dang cute and actually really comfortable! The only issue that I have with them is putting them on. I have really high arches so slipping them on takes a little effort and hurts a little - but once you do they fit really well. Not sure if thise would be resolved if you have the c/d ones as I am sure they offer more room?
B004K6A758 cute and comfy These are high quality leather shoes that were super comfy from the first time I put them on! Attractive and I got them for a reasonable price on Amazon. Well worth it.
B004K6A758 Cute Look I love the shoes but they didn't work for me. Heel was too high so I was not extremely comfortable walking in them. Had to return them.
B004K6C6ZW I love these boots These boot are wonderful.  I have had them for a while now.  They are comfortable  and very cute.  They fit to size with just a little room if you want to ware thicker tights or socks with them.  They have great traction on snow too.
B004KQ0VXG So cute, but poor fit! Love the look and quality of this boot.  However, they run a little small and are very straight as though there is no room for your heel.  You can even tell just by comparing them to another boot that where your heel goes it barely rounds out to accommodate your heel.  Too bad!
B004KQ4IWG Very cute! These boots are the perfect ankle height for under jeans.  They are cute and just the right heel height.  They are quite stiff and I'm hoping they break in as well as my other Tims.  If they do they will likely be my go to brown for fall and winter.
B004KQ4IWG Cute but not for me. These shoes are very cute. However the heel was a lot taller than I expected making them too uncomfortable for me. If you are looking for a higher heel, then these are for you, just not for me.
B004L8TCPG Don't bother I couldn't get my foot past the ankle. Cute boot but ridiculous style. Buy a bigger size or two if you want to give it a try.
B004LKX9HQ Super COMFY and CUTE I just bought these on a vacation in Banff National Park.  I LOVE THEM.  Both comfortable and stylish. Dont buy them anywhere else....buy them from Amazon.  The price is amazing....I spent 75 percent MORE for them, but I still love them so much....wish I would have waited and bought them from here! Amazon is the best
B004LLSV5U Why did I get these... While they are very cute (I love the color) it's extremely hard to get them on and off.  You have to unlace so much of the boot to get into it...and then of course, you have to lace it back up.  It takes too much time.  I wish I would have bought a zip up.
B004LLSV5U Cute boot They're really cute and warm. It just takes time to put them on and take them off. Overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase.
B004LLSV5U super cute!! I bought these for my daughter, and she loves them! They shipped really fast and the box was sturdy enough not to crush them. the color is great, and they are super warm and comfy. great deal!!
B004LQL8M8 Super Cute & Comfortable Very cute shoe and comfortable too. Stable for a higher wedge and fits true to size. I purchased in both colors and am pleased with the quality and the fact they use recycled materials.
B004LQMYQC Really cute, somewhat comfy Great boots, super cute.  Runs a little narrow through the heel, and I ordered a half-size up due to Timberland's always seem to run small for me.
B004MPRQYM Bought these for my 3 year old We got these for my 3 year old daughter and they totally look the business.  Super cute and rugged. Only problem is she has just about grown out of them, and we can't get new ones in a larger size.
B004MPRRY6 Wow, I wish I had a pair. These boots are beyond cute. They are high quality and super cool. I can't wait for my daughter to wear them...Got both colors for a great deal.
B004REL8TW ridiculous I literally could not get these on my daughter's feet. I loosened the tie in front as much as possibly (which is not much) and it was absolutely impossible! Incredibly frustrating and my daughter cried because she liked them so much. It is a shame, because the boots are super cute. My daughter is tiny and does not have wide feet. I cannot imagine how anyone has actually been able to get a foot in these! Definitely pass on these!!!
B004T0YVZ2 Too cute! We are moving to Chicago and I wanted some boots that were rugged yet cute....I found what I was searching for!
B004T0YVZ2 Great boots! We call my daughter the Shoe Killer. She plays so hard that we have to buy quality shoes that can hold up against her. These have been great. The zipper is a little hard to pull up if you don't undo the laces, but that's the only downside. These are super cute, waterproof, and comfy. I want a pair in my size!
B004T0YVZ2 Perfect My daughter LOVES These!  They are easy to get on with the side zipper and they are very well made.  I like how they are rugged and cute.
B004T19U7U Cute boots and fit well. These haven't been worn extensively yet, so I can't speak to the waterproof claim. They are very cute and easy to get on and off, after you "massage" them a bit. At first I thought they were too small, but after I fooled with the boots stiffness, they went on fine. My little one likes them and they appear substantial, as they should be for the price.I previously purchased another set of Timberland boots, different style and they held up well.
B004TDWITU Nice. Quality that I expect from Timerland - and also look cute with a dress and leggings for the cold weather.
B004TDWITU is soooo cute!! This boots are very nce and warm!!! i got them 1 size bigger so to make it easy to put on because is a pull-on boot.
B004TDWITU Great little girl's boots These boots are so cute.  They are well made and priced very reasonably.  My granddaugter loves them and wears them with everything!
B004TDWITU Cute They r toooo cuteMy daughter loves them. I wish they had them in my size they r adorable :)
B004XYPKQ8 Comfy and cute, but not breathable These socks are very soft and have cute cabling detail on the top, but they are synthetic and as such not very breathable.
B0052A7F2Y Very comfortable Must for 12 hrs. Shift. Have a lot of support. Very comfortable.got a lot of compliment how cute they are also
B0058RFQTK Back to buy more Bought a pair of brown ones at an outlet sale.  They are so comfy and easy and cute that I'm online to buy a black pair too!
B0058RMG4I Cute and comfortable I am a size 8M, I asked for that number and I were perfect. are comfortable and not tired foot and they look great. I love them.
B00590WN4C comfortable--and so cute! Timberland makes a super-comfy shoe. This little number with the wedge heel, ankle strap, and *cushioned leather footbed* is no exception.  I get compliments on these all the time.
B00590WN4C love Cute cute, these sandals are very nice and very comfortable, the perfect height for walking long without being annoying, I love
B00590WN4C So cute and comfortable These are by far the most comfortable wedges I own and I have MANY!  Very cute and perfect for summer navy clothes and white.  Love them
B00591N62Y Cute Shoes Cute shoes but one strap was a tad loose and made my foot slip out. Any ways, its still classic and simple.
B00591UN48 Not knee but still amazing and cute! I love these boots, but I almost sent them back upon first trying them on. I'm so glad I decided to keep them though. I love them and wear them all the time.Why I nearly sent them back: 1. They are not knee high. I am 5'2" and they come to the middle of my shin. 2. The reviews led me to believe the heel would be higher than it looked. It isn't. 3. They were extremely hard to get on the first time.What made me keep them? Well to be honest it was b/c they are cute and waterproof that I gave them a 2nd chance. The style I decided made up for the height and I like to wear them w/ tall thick socks sticking out. The heel, while not as tall as I wanted is super comfortable. The whole shoes is really. I can wear them all day. Despite being so hard to get on the first time and feeling really tight they seemed to stretch out and shape to my foot really quickly. By the first time I wore them out of the house they fit great. They must have just been stiff b/c they were new.In short, give them a chance. You may be iffy at first but they grow on you every quickly.
B005920WCK Pretty cute I really love these boots--they are soooooo cute on, and the brown is a great color. Unfortunately, though, they are a little too narrow or something. My forefoot just doesn't seem to like them, even though they have nice supportive insoles and everything. I put a metatarsal pad into them and that seems to have fixed the problem, we'll see.
B005FI1VE6 Super Cute These Shoes were super cute and fit as expected I would recommend these to anyone with little girls who are always on the go
B005FI1VE6 Comfy and Cute! My 2yr old loves this shoe! Its comfortable, durable and cute!  What I love about this shoe is that you can adjust the straps to get the right fit for your kiddo and they can wear it to go anywhere, like the park, beach even to the water park!
B005FI1VE6 They are so cute and durable These are super cute and comfy. My 1 year old doesn't wanna take them off. I do think they run a little small. Her foot just made it.
B005FI1VE6 Very cute ;) I and my 4yrs old son love it once it got here he open it and started to wear it thank you ;) &#60;3
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes Really cute and durable. Love these for my daughter.
B005FI1VE6 Love them! These were bought for 2 year-old twins and they are cute as the kids. I bought them in pink and blue.
B005FI1VE6 Seems like a nice quality shoe--cute too! These shoes are very cute, and I think they'll work well with any of my daughter's casual clothing.  They seem like they will hold up for the entire summer too.  They are sturdy, and yet seem to have adequate cushion for her foot.  My main concern is that the fabric that lines the shoe is kind of stiff/rough, and I'm afraid it will rub her foot, so I have to put socks on her.  Another thing is that they seem to run bigger than the brands I normally buy her.  I should have ordered a half size small, but over all I'd recommend these sandals.
B005FI1VE6 For my Granddaughter These are so cute, so much like adults just small size.She must like them because she doesn't try to take them off.
B005FI1VE6 Love!! I love these little shoes for my 10 month old son. A tad big but I want him to grow into them. Super cute!
B005FI1VE6 cute These are good quality shoes.They are exact to tight fitting.  If you have a half sizer just go with the next size up.Wish they came in more color options.
B005FI1VE6 So cute. Great for wide foot. My 10 month old son just started walking so I decided it was high time to keep shoes on his feet. He has large fat feet, size 4. These sandals are great. The adjustable straps accommodate his wide foot. I think they would fit an average foot good too but don't think they would do so well for a narrow foot. I was afraid that they would trip him up since he is new at walking but that isn't the case at all. They are really cute, I like the look of them. The price seems a little high to me for a baby sandal, but the quality is evident. The higher price is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
B005FI1VE6 so cute! Looks just like the picture! Fits great and doesn't have any uncomfortable spots that would rub on her foot the wrong way. My son has the brown ones so now they match!
B005FI1VE6 Love it! My daughter loves it!  It is so easy to put on and take off.  And it is so so so cute.
B005FI1VE6 cute and comfortable my 4 year old daughter loves it. This sandals cute and comfortable.she wears it without socks, no problem.Price is also reasonable.
B005FI1VE6 Tight fit These are cute but were too tight for my son. I usually order wide for his shoes. They just didn't fit right.
B005FM5Q3O cool for summer They are cute, keep my grandson feet cool when its hot. He also love to where them, an easy for him to put them on himself..
B005FM5Q3O Really cute on. These fit true to size.  My toddler loves them, even brings them to me to put them on him.  Easy to get on and off.  I think they are going to be great for the summer.
B005FM5Q3O So cute for summer playing Great shoes for summer play, grandson loves them, so easy for him to put off and on.
B005FM5Q3O Amazing We do a lot of hiking, lake, amusement, and water park activities.  These sandals do not rub, or get heavy when wet.  They are super cute, and very comfortable for her to walk in.  Perfection.  When she grows out of them I will order a new pair.
B005FM5Q3O These are so super cute! Got these for my daughter and they are so cute!  They also fit very well and she tells me they are very comfy :)  A great Spring/Summer shoe - Would highly recommend!
B005FM5Q3O Cute and durable I got these for my 2  year old son who is very active and has wide feet. These sandals are very high quality and look cute on him. I like how they are adjustable from every angle (on top and at the heel) and the sole is flexible, another must for me. They are also similar in price to stride rite shoes, which are normally my go-to brand. Biggest proof is that my son wears them- if he doesn't like a shoe, he won't put it on. Happy with this purchase.
B005FM5Q3O i LOVE THIS SHOE SANDEL I THINK IT A GOOD AND STURDY FIT FOR BABY.I LIKE THE COLOR ALSO IT VERY CUTE.GOOD CHOOSE.ITS VERY  NICE.
B005FMBDD6 DON'T HESITATE! BUY! BUY! BUY! I am so glad I decided to go ahead and order these. They are the best sandals I have ever bought for one of my kids. I bought my 3 year old a pair first. She wears a size 9 and that's what I ordered and they fit her perfectly. So I ordered my 18 month old daughter a pair also. They are super cute, cushiony on the inside sole and fit as expected.
B005FMBDD6 Very cute shoe Cute shoe, seems comfy for my 4 yr old.  They run really big though.  She's usually a size 7 but had to return for a size 6.
B005FNPSI6 Very cute They look better than the photo. Very cute. The only problem I had was the first times I had to put them on it was hard! Butafter the third time it got better.
B005G4PB5E Comfortable and cute My only concern on-line was the color of the image, but when I received them, I really liked them!  Versatile and comfortable.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable but squeaky They are cute, comfortable but after two days of wearing they started squeaking. Wish i had picked a different style.
B005I6RZXG Great Shoe! So comfortable straight out of the box.  I am an RN and they feel great on my feet.  I read other reviews about them being too big...I actually had to send back my first pair because I needed a whole size different from what I normally wear!  I was worried the design would be too much but it is subtle and super cute!
B006ZGV9LM Super cute! I love these boots! I purchased a half-size larger than my standard shoe size because they are heeled boots. They are tight around the calves, as other reviewers mention. I am 5'2 and 120 pounds. I consider my legs size to be &#34;fit&#34; -- and they are too tight to wear boot cut jeans inside. I wear leggings, jeggings, and tights inside them all the time. Super cute - can be dressed up or down. I like the braid detail in the back - I did not see that when ordering.
B006ZGV9LM HOT!  These boots will get you looks! I love these boots!  They are comfortable and well made.My husband flipped when I put them on!Sorry to say, the heel was a little higher than I wanted, so I returned them.My budget was for a low/no heel more winter boot,  but these were so cute on line I had to order to see and try on.I'll keep checking back for a sale on these.
B006ZIGRXA great pair of boots unfortunately I ordered size 9,5 W cause I thought it would be a good fit.. but they are way too big.. I had to exchange for the Regular M size .. and I hope it will fit me now, cause I really loved these boots. they are great for outside, and they are super cute.
B006ZIGS34 Cute and comfortable I am a boot a holic. I have like 20 pairs. I haven't worn these a ton yet but have a feeling I will get more use of them in the spring actually. Cute olive green color spices up an all black outfit.
B006ZIGS34 Cute boots! I really like these boots, I originally bought the regular width, but they were pinchy in the toe box (they fit like Nike), so I returned them and got the wide width.  They are not very wide, in fact I would say they fit like a normal regular width in the toe box, but the length is true to size if not a little long.  The heel isn't mustard colored like in the picture, it actually is more like an oak color and it looks cute, just enough contrast.  I'm wearing them now with boot cut jeans, but these will be cute with skinny jeans also.  I also ordered some inexpensive inserts for them as they are pretty hard on the bottom.
B006ZIGSYS Cute These are cute boots, and the size fits perfect. However, they are not the most comfortable.  I've worn them once and want to wear them again, but I am waiting for a day I know I won't be walking too much.  It might be because I am usually in flats... but I just felt like my foot was at a uncomfortable slant all day.  But, "no pain, no beauty"right?  I would order them again, just because they are cute and look great with jeans and slacks.
B006ZIGT4C Not too bad They are cute boots, however, the opening tends to rub against your leg if you don't have tall socks on and it feels like your foot could come out of it because of the wide opening.
B006ZIGT4C Cute boot. Cut a bit high. I loved the look of this boot--and for the sale price Amazon was offering, I couldn't pass these up! Unfortunately, though the quality and design of the boot are both great, I found the boot came up too high and made my legs look heavier (even though I am 5'6" and have long legs). I know everyone is built differently, so this may not affect anyone else. But that's how they fit me. Too bad, because they are really cute.
B006ZIGT4C Cute cute cute, a little narrow I love these boots! I was looking for the perfect pair of short boots for winter and I finally found them. They're quite comfortable and the thick sole is great for icy surfaces. So far, the waterproof claim is true which makes them great for winter days. I'm giving them four stars because they seem to run quite narrow. My feet are not super slender but I've never had to wear wide sizes before and a wide would probably be better for me in this boot. However, I'm sticking with the 7.5 medium width and after a few wears they are breaking in just fine. The brown looks great with most things and is light enough that I can even get away with wearing them with black. I have already gotten quite a few compliments on them and am so pleased with them!
B006ZIGYVU Super comfy cute boot This boot is stylish and comfortable.  So much so that this is the second pair I have bought.  I would recommend them for any casual occasion.
B006ZITF7U Super cute and comfortable! These are so comfortable and cute!  I wouldn't have expected a boot loke this to be a Timberland, water proof and have a rugged sole.  They are great to wear in the fall and winter months.  I read the reviews that said to order up a half size and did so.  Mine fit just fine without being too loose.  I ordered the brown color and have been thinking about ordering another pair in black.
B006ZITOOY Cute love. Great quality, fit and style exactly what I was expecting.  Will be in style or years, weastern or just with jeans.  Quality boot
B006ZIV6PY Great boots!! High quality, very comfortable,  nice and warm...and super cute :)  I would definetly recomend this boot . Takes a bit to get laced up but worth it.
B006ZJ2ZUI Cute but not ideal for snow... I thought about these as boots I could use for those snowy days on my commute to work or for running weekend errands.  They are not insulated and would be okay with a few pairs of socks if you do minimal walking when it's snowy or slushy out, but would not serve you well if it's really cold.  They feel more like rainboots and are super cute and stylish so I still gave them 5 stars.
B006ZJ2ZUI Cute but noisy I like how they look and they are very functional but the metal strap on the top keeps clinking and making a sound with every step
B006ZJ2ZUI 12 year old in rainy season heaven Purple rainboots that are cute and comfy! My daughter's in spring heaven. And, she's not complaining about going out in the soggy yard for chores! ;)
B006ZVM90M so cute and stylish Very warm and fit well, I wear an 8 and ordered an 8 and they fit perfectly.  Great Timberland quality.
B006ZVM90M sad too I gave the Timberland Mount Holly boots a 2 because the fit was off.  Very tight in the toes, even though I went up a size.  I couldn't adjust the laces enough to stop my middle toes from going numb.  Which is sad because they are cute.
B006ZVM90M Love my boots I really like these boots. They fit well and are very cute. They came very quickly in the mail. I would recommend these boots.
B006ZVM90M Great Boots Got these boots to walk my dogs in rainy Seattle weather. I wanted something cute and lighter than my North Face snow boots. Very comfortable right away, there was no break in time needed. Plenty of room in the foot bed, I tend to have slightly wide feet. Very light, I was also looking at some Sorels and these were by far way lighter and less clunky. Plus they look super cute on and are sooo warm and cozy!
B00710M2N0 Love these So I'm an adult with freakishly small feet. Ordered these to be my new winter boots and I love them. The contrasting color is cute and they are very warm. Wish I would have ordered a smaller size though, even with thick wool socks, they're a little big.
B00711TQNS Super cute and warm, daughters like them very much Size 1.5 is about 21 cm insole length. I have these boots in sizes 13.5, 1.5 and 2.5looks perfect for girls, and high in shaft enough.
B0071BD33M Nice boots. These run a little big..my 18 month old wears them.  They look really cute with jeans.  They don't seem to have a lot of cushion though.
B0071BD33M Too cute! They are so cute on my son and he thinks they are pretty cool too. He can't stop storing his feet whenever he has them on :)
B0071BD33M So Cute These timberland boots look so cute on my 1 & 1/2 year old son. I thought they would be heavy but they are perfect for the winter months.
B0071BD33M Cute and Comfortable These are so cute true to size brought them as a gift for a 16 month old his mom really love them and so do i. would buy again
B0072CPTK0 So cute Love the boots!  Just like dads and he loves them. Alsoo have wide which is what we needed. Great item
B0072CPTK0 Cute but cheap laces The boots are great but laces are cheap. They were falling apart when we got then. I like them but spending so much on baby boots means I shouldn't have to buy new laces the first day.
B0072NQIZ4 very stylish! if  you're  in  your  feet  all  day,  these  shoes  will work  great  for  you.  comfy  and  cute.... lots  of  compliments
B0079NU55G nice fit, great look My nephew looks so cute in this outfit, its very good material. The brand is great fits him perfect. I would recommend to anyone that is interested in buying it.
B007PT156M Cute boots Bought these for my daughter and she says they are so comfortable she wants another pair (different color).  They are well made and are durable.  We would highly recommend these boots!
B007TGA2JM Cute boots Cute boots but was to tight when I first put it on. I guess it'll have to loosen up then I should be ok
B008AH7B70 very cute, zipper sticks This jacket is adorable, color red is great, very warm and comfy.  BUT, the zipper sticks, I even had a hard time with it, so my 4 year old would not be able to zip on/off alone.  Sadly I had to return it.
B008KLEYLM Cute Shoes I had to return my 9.5.  I normally wear a 9 or 9.5.  Even the 9 is a little big.  These shoes are really cute and comfortable.  I know I will get my money's worth from these.
B008KLEYLM cute shoes but too large They are very nice and got lots of compliments on them. However, they were too wide and too long. I bought 2 other shoes, same size, but not Timberland and they fit me perfectly. Color is beautiful!
B008KLEYLM CUTE!!! These shoes are so cute and also very comfortable. I wore them all day at work and it was like I'm home wearing my slippers!!!Thanks for the delivery help by the way...
B008KLEYLM AS EXPECTED!! As expected! Run true size, really cute and very comfortable, Looks good with everything.Great quality. Highly recommended, Timberland shoes last forever
B008KLEYLM comfie and cute This shoe is very comfortable, and CUTE.. Looks good with anything..  I was looking at other brand, that were pricier, but they were not comfortable, and that is soo important to me.  I got them mainly to where with leggins.
B008M4UN0S Cute Cute thong sandals. Great for casual wear and comfortable. Look forward to warm weather when I can wear them more often.
B008N6YJKA Cute but not good fit for my feet PRO's:- Cute feminine style goes well with anything- Slender toe shape, looks elegant & great for narrow feet/long toes- Comfortable leather & cushioned footbedCON's:- Open heel strap and ankle strap not a secure and comfortable fit for my feet.  It's like wearing flip flops when I walk and with a high heel wedge there is the danger of overturning.- I think these run a 1/2 size too large (I have narrow feet)- There were tiny fibers on the elastic strap at the buckle of the left shoe that were sticking out and digging into my ankle making it unbearable to wear and which is why I returned these immediately.  I could have lived with the above cons because the shoes were so cute but not this.
B008N6YJKA comfy cute wedge I never write reviews, but I love these wedges. They are incredibly comfortable. The cushion is awesome and the style is cute.
B008N6YJKA Disappointed at first, due to discoloration and discomfort. They are comfy if you don't walk too far, and very cute/well-made. I read the reviews that stated how comfortable these shoes are, how fabulous, etc. One person even said they had walked all day with no discomfort. Initially I, too, thought they were cute and comfortable for a short walk to dinner. However, I bought these so I could walk for longer periods and have a bit of style, which is usually the case when wearing a wedge. My first normal evening of wear I was miserable pretty quickly and had barely begun my night of work events. The long walk to a dinner party was pure hell and I had a long night to go after that. WORSE, the black on the inside turned my heels black and I could not get it off for days, even with soap in the shower. Not good when you have days of work events in a warm climate.UPDATE-After a couple of times wearing the shoes, the black pair no longer turn my feet black. Overall, they are well made and of good quality. I do think they are very cute with a nice high heel for longer pants, especially for the price I paid. However, be careful if you need to wear them for long periods of walking, as they can go from fabulously comfy and ideal to brutal.
B008N6YJKA Great shoes LOVE these shoes. So cute and stylish and super comfortable. Wore them all day right out of the box. Well made.
B008N6YRCK Super cute - heel too high for me though These are SUPER comfy straight out of the box. And so cute. And very high quality, as Timberland shoes always are. BUT - the heel is just 1/2 inch to 1 inch too high for me. I'm in my mid-30's, and this makes my ankles wobbly and my back hurt. I just wish they made these a little less high. Who needs that much heel height? I also got the Timberland Whittier ones, and those are a little too low, and a far less cute (straps are much wider and clunkier, unlike the elegantly designed ones on these). Timberland, please find a compromise! 21/2 inch heels please!
B008UQR1G2 so comfortable and fitable I love this color and cute shoes. When I was placing the order, I told to my friend and she bought a white pair of .
B008URDT4Y These are so cute These came in a timely manner and were in great shape. Compared to a previous pair I purchased on another site that only lasted a day and was ruined
B008URDT4Y Very cute for my 3 year old daughter! These boots are very nice. They are very stylish and my daughter loves them! They will work well both in cold and warm climates.
B008UTB02K Really great purchase Not only durable but super cute! My son (2 1/2 years) actually wears 7.5 - 8 but I bought it a little bigger since he really didn't need it now.  But I tried it on and he ran off with them! With socks it's fits well and isn't slipping off or hindering his movements. Easy to clean (damp cloth) and suede spray.Fortunately I purchased when it was on sale but it is really a very durable and absolutely cute shoe.
B008V47G1S Really cute shoes! I needed a half size larger in these than I usually wear and they are very light weight, but they are darling and I love them!  I plan to wear them in the summer with capris and no or low socks. They are very comfortable!  They would be cute with jeans or shorts, too.
B008VD3M4E Cute My Daughter really like them as a Christmas present, She says that they  are  really comfortable and she enjoys wearing them.
B009A8EUYA Cute Ok, I liked these boots but they did feel a little tight on my feet. Not sure if its just the way the boots are made or if it is because of me being pregnant. I've never had swelling feet due to a pregnancy before and they don't seem to appear swollen. Anyway the boots are really cute and can make just about any outfit come together. They are very expensive though and I have found them to be cheaper other places.
B009XF0GJ8 so comfy and light! These are my new favorite shoes. You don't even need socks with them. They feel broken in already and they are super cute!
B00AQLQ05W So cute and quality and ease was in mind!! Great boots fitting great to size. Easy on and off and so cute. My 8 year old daughter loves them.
B00AQLQ05W Cute and Comfy My daughter (6 years old) loves these boots. They are great for fall/winter, and my mom even wanted to know if they come in adult sizes becuase she wanted a pair. I ordered them a little big so they will last for a while.
B00AQMAYCG Cute, Comfortable and Sturdy My daughter loves these boots and wears them all the time now. I'm happy with how sensible a boot this is. She can run and jump and play in them AND they look great too.
B00AQMB9O8 Cute I am an adult but looking for a cute pair of winter boots and decided to get these. The quality is super, very warm. Very satisfied.
B00AQMDTAK Cute and heavy duty! Because The quality it is The best the material are soft and also cute my 17 year old daughter love it!
B00AR1VI30 Finally, cute boots for my little girl that her chubby calves fit into! It's hard to find boots that fit my little 2 year old since she still has chubby baby legs. These are great. Love the side zip and the fact that the width is adjustable with the laces. She gets compliments all the time. They aren't too hard like some snow boots and the fake fur on top is so cute. They keep her feet warm and dry all winter.
B00AR3GB9O A cute winter boot. Very good boot for wide width feet. My daughter wears a 2.5-3 depending on the shoe so I brought a size 3. Fit as expected and very cute once she put them on. The only thing that is a slight against the shoe is that the gray looks a little washed out. My daughter thought they were used and not brand new ones.
B00AR4HHNW Cute for Girls My daughter loves this boot.  I appreciate its design and durability.  She says is comfortable.  It is easy to wipe clean if needed.  Its compliments most her outfits.  It was a great deal on Amazon.
B00AW7M97S Cute, but a little too tight for me Really cute boots, but the top was too tight for me.  My calves are larger than average, so if your calves are average or small, these would be fine.
B00AW7M97S Your "go to" pair of boots I love these boots. When I first put them on I thought they were a little tight but the full laces let you customize the fit.  Very cute with socks peeking out the top. This will be a go to pair of boots for me.
B00AW7M97S Love them. Cute, fit well, comfortable for walking.  If between sizes, go up a little.  I am usually an 8-8.5 and the 8 was too small.  The 8.5 is perfect!  So good for cooler weather, look great with a skirt and leggings.
B00AW7M97S Cute boots but too small I returned the Timberland Savin Hill Mid Lace boot.  A very cute boot but disappointing, they do run small. I will not buy any Timberland boots online.
B00AW7M97S Cute combat style Love this boot. It is cute on and versatile to wear!  It's not too high and if you wear boot cut pants it's not to bulky underneath. A comfortable go to for casual wear.
B00AW7M97S Weirdly sized These boots are super cute and I was depressed about sending them back, but the toe is too tight and the heel is too big! I would have put up with the toe had the heel not allowed my foot to slip in and out of where it needs to be. Tightening your laces won't help either.
B00AW7M97S Tims Rule So cute and comfy. I an usually an 8.5 but had to return for a 9.0. Al little narrow in the toe box and I wanted to wear thick socks for the winter.
B00AW7M97S These boots are so super sexy! they go with everything in my closet... granted... everything in my closet is either plain jeans or a dark colored baby tee lolI have pretty big calves.. so they are a little tight.. not loose fitting like it probably should be...  but no matter.. still super cute
B00AW7M97S Wish the shaft had 1/2 inch more room Love these boots.  I only wish the area around my calves had a tiny bit more  room.  Wore them 8 hours the first fay and no blisters.  Really cute and comfy!
B00AW7M97S LOVE these! Super cute, fit perfectly (street shoe size)! I cant wait to wear them...I am just waiting for the weather to get cooler! I read other reviews commenting on the fit. I ordered my regular size and they fit great, even with thicker socks. The width is perfect too. I love the ease of the zipper but the look of the laces. I am also a huge fan of the fact they are waterproof. Such great quality and the brown is really beautiful.
B00AW7M97S Cute and comfy! This is a mid boot and I like the fact that you can loosen the laces for a custom comfortable fit! My friend has already asked to borrow them because they are so cute.
B00AW7RBGC LOVE THESE BOOTS These books are SO cute and stylish, and they are comfortable.  Many of the reviews I read suggested ordering up 1/2 size in length.  I normally wear a 7.5 C/D so I ordered this one in an 8 C/D. It is just a bit too roomy in the heal area, but nice, heavy socks should take care of that. I do think that the 7.5 would have been a bit too snug.
B00AW7RBGC great boots I love these boots.  I took my regular size, but worried that I should have gotten a wide instead.  They stretched very quickly and now they feel great.  They look super cute with skinny jeans or under jeans/pants.  They also seem very well made and sturdy.  Very pleased with this purchase!
B00AW7RBGC Cute boot but slid up and down in the heel ... Cute boot but slid up and down in the heel. From reading other reviews, I ordered a half size up, but this didn't work for me. Perhaps with heavier socks it would have, but I don't always want to have to depend on that.
B00AW7RBGC Super cute and very comfortable. From the minute that I tried them on, they felt very comfortable with alot of style.  I wear boots often during the winter months, and these are sure to be one of my favorite.
B00AW8J5RE Warm and very cute for women! Stiff at first but all leather is till u break them in. Super comfy, warm and very cute and stylish! Good buy!
B00AW8J5RE Great boot Very comfortable,true to size, leather is stiff so wear them around the house at first I thought they were to small.  Really cute boots, compliments from both men and women
B00AW8J5RE Love them Everything I wanted and more. Super comfy and cute! Fits true to size. These boots were made for stomping. Bomb. com
B00AW8J5RE Durable, rugged and cute They're comfortable for wearing around town or on hikes. I love the red laces and the color of the leather. They've scuffed up rather easily after a few hikes, but I suppose that adds to their character. They're durable and waterproof, and true to size.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful I love these boots. The fit is perfect and they are so cute. They are comfortable to wear all day and look great over skinny jeans.
B00AW8JG9G i wear a 7.5... and these did not fit at all. they were very tight. They are extremely cute and exactly what I was looking for but just too small.  I was sad to send these back.
B00AW8JL0A Cute AND utilitarian!  Runs a bit small. I'd say these run a half size too small.  I am usually an 8, and ordered an 8.5.  They fit well in length, but are a tiny bit tight in the ball of the foot.  My guess is they'll stretch with a few wearings because they're leather.  Also, the ankle is a bit stiff, but not tight.  I'm sure that will loosen up over time too.  Overall I really like them.  Super cute, not too clunky or manly.  Will be a great utilitarian boot, but will also look cute with sweater tights and a dress!  I say go for it! ;)
B00B02THKQ Great boots!! I wear a 7.5 and was concerned about mail order since half the time shoes do not fit but these fit perfectly and are really comfortable and really cute!!  The color is just as pictured and while the heel looks high, it is not too high to walk in comfortably for a day.  I love these and highly recommend them.
B00BCJV7H8 Too tight in the toe box. These boots fit better on a 7 then a 8.5 so my friend bought them from me. They are very cute on her but I think better to let folks know they are slim fit.
B00BCJV7H8 Super Cute Boot I'm not usually a boot wearer but have wanted a pair for some time.  I was hesitant to spend the money on a pair but, I'm glad I did.  These boots are very cute and comfy.  The fit is true to size.
B00BCJV7H8 So disapointed These boots are very well made and very cute.  But they run small and narrow.  Timberland, come on, make boots for real people.  so sorry, but had to return them.  Four stars because I really liked the boots.
B00BCJV7H8 love these boots beautiful color goegeous amazing boots but run small , NICE & COMFY SUPER CUTE.  WARM GOOD HEIGHT. CANT WAIT FOR SNOW BOARDING WITH THESE BOOTS
B00BCJV7H8 Cute and Warm I wanted a winter boot that was cute and durable. I totally found it with these boots. There were mixed reviews on the sizing, so I ordered a half size bigger. With my inserts they fit fine, and without I just need a thicker pair of socks which is not a problem. I love the look and they are so warm and comfy!  Thanks Amazon for another great buy!
B00BCJV7H8 Too cute! Love the boots, but kind of narrow and long&#8230;.I'll swap for a smaller size and be on my way! Hope I can exchange at a Timberland store!
B00BCJV7J6 somewhat They fit and look big they are cute but not like I though they would be they are very warm
B00BCJW35I Best booties ever. Cute AND functional I don't think I've taken this off since they came in the mail! LOVE THEM. I will wear these allllllll winter long.
B00BCJW35I Timberland, what have you done to this year's boots?? I own and love other T'land boots and always wear the same size (10M). These are super cute and would be just as comfortable as the rest of my T'lands if they weren't inexplicably too narrow. Sad to have to return them but all the wide sizes are sold out - and with good reason. If you typically look for an AA size, this is the boot for you.
B00BCJW35I Love it! Nice leather and look so cute. Very comfortable I use 71/2 and I got 8 and are perfect. I will rate 5 start they are great!
B00BCJW35I Super Cute! I have the knee high trenton boot and absolutely love them so I thought I'd give these a try as well and I love them just as much. Look very nice with a cute dress. They're also comfortable which is a must when I buy shoes or else I do not wear them.
B00BCJW35I good Very cute boots, good quality. I love them but they are a little small and I can not put my feet into them. So I try the size 8M.
B00BCJWVSM Very cute and very comfortable Great shoe very comfortable looks cute with just about anything in my closet. Normally, for me, when wearing these style shoes I end up with blisters on the back of my heels and with these they are not even a bit sore after wearing them for 3 hours walking around. I am very happy with them
B00BCJWVSM Adorable These are very cute shoes. I've received compliments already. Do require a breaking in time, especially for very wide feet.
B00BCJXLHW Cute boots. Stylish. Not super warm but are cozy Cute comfy boots that look great with jeans and other pants. Love them. Cozy too. Not super warm but still great
B00BCJXLHW Cute, but too tight for comfort Really great looking boots, but just too tight for my 5 1/2 - 6 size foot.  Had to return :(
B00BCJXLHW Cute but not sure if size is right I still haven't decided whether to keep these. I usually wear an 8 but sometimes a 7.5  (Danskos in 38 are too small but 39 are a bit floppy). I ordered an 8 and have put superfeet insoles in them but I'm just not sure if they are the right size. These are winter boots so I want a roomy toe but I'm not sure if they are too roomy and a 7.5 would be better. This is the problem with ordering online!As far as the looks go, they're cute and well constructed. I like that you can wear them cuffed or laced all the way up.
B00BCJXLHW Happy My sixteen-year- old daughter is delighted! She says they are rugged,warm,cute, and fashionable.They are comfy and fit well. Buy these if you want a good pair of boots.
B00BF9PSUC Great The picture that you see is what you will get however, some points did not come like I had expected. It is a little darker than what I would have liked and not as cute in person but I am still satisfied with the purchase. Very soft and comfortable.
B00DYQP7NM Cute but not in love Needs time to break in - I got blisters on the backs of my heels the first day.  They're cute but not perfect - I wish the profile was a little slimmer - just a little clunky in my opinion.  Fits try to size. More of a casual flat - best with jeans.
B00DYQP7NM Four Stars A little snug in toes. Cute with jeans.
B00DYQVVT6 I love this boot but ... This boot is so cute in person, that's why I'm sad I will be returning them. They are so hard to put on and take off. I purchased them for a trip to Scotland this fall, but unfortunately I'll be sending them back. I'm so disappointed that these didn't work out!
B00DYQVWZ4 Cute but buy a size bigger I ordered wide width and my normal size, but they are still a bit tight, especially in the toe area.  Buy a size up to ensure comfort.  Cute shoes, lots of cushion when walking.
B00EHHLC3Q clogs I love these!  They are ridiculously cute, and very comfortable.  I would recommend to anyone who spends the day on their feet.  I hope to get more in different patterns.
