B00009WM7J Stylistic Boots! and kids prices are cheaper. When I first put these shoes on they screamed quality and sturdiness. I knew that they were going to last me for quite a long time. The price was also a plus since the adult sizes are a good 30 dollars more expensive. I am a women's 7.5 and got a kids 6 and it fit perfectly with a little bit of wiggle room.Timberland boots are making a comeback in the style trend. Numerous celebrities are pairing them up with skinny jeans or tights and they just add a nice touch to any wardrobe. They are very attractive and you can't go wrong with them for casual wear.Something I must not is that your must wear thick socks with these. I tend to get blisters on my feet if I don't. I must also not that these boots will wear down your feet. After wearing them for 8 hours walking a good bit, my feet felt like they were about to fall off from the rest of my body. If you are doing a lot of walking around you might need to reconsider your desire to buy these.In the end, I am highly satisfied with these shoes. They are just great and durable!
B00009WM7J Comfy to wear around These boots are comfy, easy to tie and you can really wear them for all seasons.  I live in New England and wear them to school every day.
B00009WMIH Unforgiving Timberland makes a great quality boot & I've worn them for 20+ years but somewhere along the line they forgot that the people who wear them tend to be on their feet all day such as myself. I have a hard time wearing them with any sort of comfort for extendid periods of time.
B0000DFAXV The shoes are really comfortable I love this shoe, they fit really well and they are comfortable on my feet, even after a long day of walking. Considering to buy another pair for my friend.
B000AKVA6I AMAZING I bought these boots for my husbands birthdays. He broke both of his feet and shattered his right heel. He works on his feet all day and struggles to find something to ease his pain. He is in love with these boots and thanks me just about every for finding them. Not only do his feet hurt less but he says they are the most comfortable boot he has worn.
B000AKVA6I super great These boots are very nice. they feel good and i could wear them 18 hrs a day and my feet won't hurt. I bought a second pair to have because they are really conformable.
B000AKVA6I dreamy, for a work boot I am back for my second pair.  I LOVE these boots and have been wearing them every day for almost 3 years, 12 hours a day, on ice, snow and volcanic rock/ash (extremely abrasive) in sub zero temps.  Mine are showing signs of wear but are still 100% functional and I should get at least another 6-8 months out of them.  They've been treated maybe 3 times with Sno Seal, but that's it as far as pampering.  They have performed way better than I expected for the price, plus they look good and feel good, and pull on & off with ease.  In the past I have paid twice as much as what these cost for safety boots that I couldn't wait to get off my feet at the end of the day.  I am mostly ordering replacements before mine are total goners so that I always have a back up, because I know there is no way I will ever find a more comfortable work boot. I hope Timberland never discontinues the Wellington! I normally wear a women's size 8.5-9 and the men's size 7 fits perfectly with my Darn Tough merino wool socks inside.  For happy feet, don't hesitate...these are worth every penny.
B000AKVBCQ I've been wearing these shoes for over a year now... great! I've been wearing these shoes for over a year now... great! Complete ESD protection (better than straps in every way) and comfortable. I wear them 5 days a week 9-12 hours a day. No regrets.
B000AKVBCQ 1st timer My 1st time with Amazon,  I must say I'm impressed. I definitely would recommend to someone.  The Timberland Pro Men's work shoe is very comfortable,  I think that I could wear them as a every day shoe. I could not say that with previous work boots. I am on concrete all day, this takes  the stress off my feet an lower  back. I only wish they had half size, that would have fit better.Thanks
B000AKVBCQ Hurts the top of my feet. Can't wear them for a full day's work,they hurt my feet. After wearing them for a few hours, I gotta change shoes.
B000AKVBCQ Anothet Great Timberland Product - My foot size is 11 M, and this pair of Timbelands fits perfectly.- I work in an airport, and I wear them for about 7-9 hours a day, and sometimes I walk miles in them. They're really comfortable and keep my feet dry. They also breathe well.- Now I'm not afraid of falling down on slippery surfaces (water, ice, oil) anymore.- They look great, every body in the office liked them.- After 3 months of continuous usage, they still look as new, you just need to clean them from time to time.Well, I would buy again.
B000AKVBCQ Excellent fit, can stand all day long This gives great support and I can stand and work all day long.  Has the added benefit of not having to add the ESD straps that are required where I work.
B000AKVBFI Great product! Another awesome product from Timberland! Very comfortable!! I stand on concrete for twelve hours a day at work at the end of the day my feet feel great.
B000AKVBFI 4th pair!!! Why my 4th pair... I love'em! Sturdy, light weight, and comfortable!! I am 62 yrs old and on my feet repairing cars 10 hours a day 6 days a week, these are by far the most utile boot I've owned. Oil and slip resistant, and electric shock stopping, not to mention great traction off road as well! I highly recommend these to anyone on their feet on cement!
B000AKVBFI My Dad loves Them My dad uses them when he's on his feet all day long working on trucks. Thank you, I'm thinking about buy another pair!
B000AL1EPE Boots I work 12-15 hours shifts outside and these boots are very comfortable and durable . After wearing them every day they lasted over one year in the weather
B000BB15ZC Very Comfortable Very comfortable, warm.  First time worn out was on feet for over 12 hours and felt no discomfort.....especially for new shoes.
B000BB15ZC These Gore-tex Hikers are straight up the bomb!! The product fits perfect on my feet. It almost feels as if I am not wearing boots.  I work on my feet all day and am just blown away by the comfort.
B000BB15ZC light and comfy...yet sturdy! Fits great, very light and comfortable, breaths very wear...I wore them when I went airsoft and didn't have all day.
B000BB15ZC comfortable Yea my husband was having feet problems, i decided to research on what best suits his feet, He loves it but the size was somewhat small even though he is a size 12, but from reading reviews he had to wear them for at least 3 days so he can break into them, so far so good his feet doesn't hurt as much, way better then walmart brand lol
B000BB15ZC Two Thumbs Up! Finally a great looking work boot that dosen't hurt my feet. Since I have to wear them for 12 hours a day comfort and durability is very imortant to me. This boot has both and it looks good. Well worth the investment.
B000BB15ZC Great shoes Wore them for a day and they felt great even my friend who wears same size tried them on and he loved them.Will see more next  week when im camping
B000BB15ZC great work boots great ankle support and comfortable to wear; on my feet all day on concrete and these boots save my feet a lot of pain
B000BFIHVS Comfort from the first day These boots were comfortable from the first day.  Its as if someone has been wearing them prior to my purchase and had them fitted to my foot.  This is my first pair of Timberlands and it will not be my last.  They are now my everyday boots and I have always been a boot person.  I thought I would never stray from the Wolverines but I have found a boot that is their equal.  Don't forget to dress yours with Mink Oil as recommended in other reviews.
B000BFIHVS Broken on Day 2 Comfortable boots first day wearing them, just went to lace them up for day 2 - Eyelet on the left popped out and broke with minimal pressure applied. Ridiculous given the cost.
B000BFIHVS Great boot! This is my 3rd pair! I would highly recommend them, I wear them every day! Long lasting and I am very hard on shoes.
B000BFIHVS great Comfortable right from the start.  Put them on when they arrived at noon and wore them for the rest of the day.  No problem.
B000BFIHVS great shoes work on concrete all day comfortable great fitting will buy again only problem was shoestring are junk bought new one a week later
B000BFIHVS Great fitting, rugged, durable boots. First off, these boots fit as ordered - I am a size 12 and they fit wonderfully. After a little break-in period I was tap dancing through the hiking trails with no blisters or foot pain to speak of. Well, not really, as I primarily use these boots for work in the landscaping industry. But rest assured, coming from someone who's on his feet all day, I've never found my feet blistered or worn out after 10-11 hours standing up. They're rugged and durable and grip nicely especially when I'm on inclined lawns. This is my second pair of Timberland brand boots. The first pair went nearly a year and a half with 45+ hours a week in wear and tear before finally giving out. These babies have shown the same sort of lifespan so far.A great buy. I highly recommend.
B000BFIHVS Solid performer Love these boots.  Wore them all week end while doing heavy gardening.  I had intended to wear them for just a few hours to break them in but they were so comfortable and solid so I wore them all day each day.
B000BFIHVS Great boot I have worn a variety of workboots and they tore up my feet before I could get them broken in.  Not these.  I should have bought Timberland the first time.  They wear easily and my feet don't get tired when I'm on them all day long.  I would recommend these to anybody.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots. I have only had these for 1 day, but I did wear them all day today.  They are very comfortable for a new shoe.  I look forward to wearing them in.
B000BFIHVS As Expected These boots fit as expected.  I usually wear 4E running shoes, and these run alittle tight, but they are pretty comfortable.  I was able to wear them all day without any issue while at camp.  During the colder months these have been a life saver on my feet.
B000BFIHVS excellent boots excellent boots, comfortable, strong and lightweight you can spend a long day at work with them without feeling any discomfort in your feet, they conform to your feet creating an atmosphere of harmony between your boots and your feet, which is what always look in a boots to work, since I almost always have long working hours, which I spend long time moving from one place to another, that is why it is so important for my comfort of my work boots
B000BFIHVS Great Shoes I work on my feet all day, and I find that Timberland's work well for both my feet and back.  They are true to size and the picuture is pretty true to the actual product.
B000BFIHVS Best boots ever!!! On my 3rd pair. As an electrician who is on feet 12+ hours a day these boots keep my feet comfortable. They are very lightweight so you are not dragging around dumbells on your feet all day. I got 2 years out of other pairs of these boots. More than i can say for red wings.
B000BFIHVS My new "work" boots Boots are a natural fit for my hard to fit feet.  They are comfortable, lightweight and have good traction to keep you from falling.  I have been wearing them for about two weeks and would recommend them to the busy man who is on his feet a good part of his day!
B000BFIHVS Extremely Comfortable and Lite Fantastic boot. Extremely comfortable, excellent support and lite. I wear this boot 10 to 12 hours per day, five days per week. I'm buying a second pair as a back up.
B000BFIHVS Easy On Your Feet: Bought these shoes at the recommendation of a coworker. I work in construction and  a light tough shoe is a must. Building mostly steel clad pole structure means we walk on steel roof sheeting, and a soft sticky sole is a must, this shoe fills that bill well. I put these on the day after I received them. Went to work and it was as if I was wearing previously broke in shoes, no blisters, no sore feet. Sure hope they don't change them
B000BFIHVS Good fit. I have been wearing them since they arrived. Thought I would have to break them in but they felt broken in the first day. Can't wait to do some long distance hikes.
B000BFIHVS Just a little snug on the width After wearing these for a few weeks now I am beginning to like them more.  I was very concerned when I first put them on because normally a 2E shoe/boot fits me perfectly.  These felt snug and after some casual wear (not walking or hiking), they left my feet hurting and cramped.  I bought them for winter wear to and from my office environment in a coal facility.  Work shoes aren't needed for a desk job but I wanted something to handle the elements and gunk outside.So far they are holding up to that task well and looking decent too.Comfort has increased since giving some time for "break-in".  Anyone that can wear this from day 1 might not be an 11 2E per a shoe sizer.  I did apply some mink oil at purchase to help with waterproofing.I would recommend them, but not if you needed to go on a long hike the next day.  Allow time for a bit of stretching.UPDATE - With 6 weeks + since my first review I am sad to report these boots remain too tight.  I am really disappointed as they actually feel good when I slip them on and lace them up.  Unfortunately within 30 minutes of wear they make my feet hurt due to being too tight in the width and pinching the top of my foot just behind the toe box.  I have them laced up as loose as I possibly can and they are wearable, but I would not ever agree these are 11 2E sized, even though they are labeled that way.Very sad that I wore them outside thinking they would break in.Probably the last pair of Timberland boots.If you can wear a standard width shoe, I would recommend this 2E.  If it were true to size, it would probably be a nice boot.Down to 2 stars due to fit/ incorrect sizing.  If based on quality, might give 4 or even 5 stars.
B000BFIHVS Good boot for the price. I had tried these on in a chain shoe store, was impressed with the fit and comfort. I found the same boot on Amazon for $30 less and bought it. Once stretched out, they are very comfortable, and the waterproofing works well. I can't speak to durability, but the boot appears rugged and well made, and I have no reason to doubt that it'll last a long time.I've worn them four times now. Once was to work on a snow day. The others were outdoors on relatively flat 5- and 7-mile trails.The first time, I wore them all day. The fit was generally good, but by the end of the day, I had a problem with the stitched area just below the bottom of the laces bumping the top of my foot just below the base of my toes. I put shoe stretchers in them overnight, and, by the second time I wore them, the problem was stretched right out.
B000FX9A5S Great Boots! The are the most comfortable boots I've ever had. No sore feet or blisters that you often get breaking in new boots. The first day I wore them to work I had run a water hose all day and my feet didn't  get wet or have any sores or blisters.
B000G21BSC Timberland Women's ankle boot I wanted a boot for when it was cold outside or snowing, or just any time. I am thoroughly excited with these boots. They are a good fit, I ordered a half size bigger just in case I wanted to wear thick socks. I wore them the first day I got them and did alot of walking, they never made my feet sore or hurt they were just comfortable from the start.
B000G21BSC Hurt my feet This is a nice looking boot but they are sized big I wear an eight but I could have used a seven in these. After wearing them for 20 to 30 min. my feet began to hurt by the time I got them off my feet hurt bad. I had to return them.
B000G24LJS They hug my feet They hug my feet and I might buy another pair.  They are very comfortable to wear.  The leather is nice
B000KVA7YI Great boots. They will take a beating and still look nice! These are awesome boots and they look great. Both of my pairs (one bought in a store, one bought from Amazon) each lasted through about two years of wearing them all day, every day and really took a beating before giving out. They are very comfortable, offer a lot of support and I really like the style.One complaint that I do have is that the upper toe portion of the boot seems to separate from the sole on the sides (where your toes join your foot) after enough moisture accumulates (and it does, quickly - not much ventilation for your feet, but that's to be expected from a water-proof boot) so you really have to pay attention to keeping that area clean. Unfortunately, both pairs eventually succumbed to this issue.All in all, I would definitely buy another pair of these, in the future and recommend them to anyone looking for a steel-toe that is comfortable enough and stylish enough to wear all day, every day.
B000QW02F0 Comfortable at a good price So far the boots are great. Gotta put them in some water to see how waterproof they are. I'll get back to ya on that. The first day I had them I wore them for about 10 hours and my feet felt fine.
B000QW02F0 Timberland pro Very comfortable and durable. Great for 16 hour wear on your feet. But really timberland what else do you need to know they make the best.
B000QW02F0 Timberland Pro Pwerwelt Boot I was leery about buying Timberland boots after wearing Wolverines for many years. I am glad I decided to try Timberland. This boot was really comfortable out of the box. They came with one of the most comfortable insoles I have ever used (I usually change the insoles right away when I buy new work boots).I wear these boots five days a week at work and am on my feet on concrete all day. I regularly trample through mud puddles that easily go up to my ankles and my feet stay mostly dry, even though these are not "water-proof" boots. They have worn very well; I've had these for a year and a half. They finally gave out a few days ago with the outer sole cracking across the ball of the foot on both boots.I would recommend these to anyone who is on their feet all day.
B000VQ9QKS Great for every day wear, too! As a cashier, I'm on my feet 7 to 8 hours a day, and they are extremely comfortable to wear all day.And if it's raining or snowing, my feet stay dry and comfortable.I am VERY pleased with my purchase!
B000VQ9QKS Comfortable and Affordable I shopped around for a new pair of hiking boots for quite awhile before settling on these after a suggestion from a co-worker. I have had them for over a month now and wear them every day at work (I am a restoration ecologist and work outside 8 hours per day doing heavy physical labor). I also go on a 10 mile hike every weekend in them. I have not had a blister yet. There was a mild discomfort in the ankle area the first 2 days I wore them, but it went away after that. I think they just needed to be broken in. I haven't seriously tried out how waterproof the boots are yet, but I walk through swampy grass quite often and haven't had an issue. The only semi-negative thing I have to say is that the soles of my feet hurt sometimes after walking long distances (8+ miles). I fixed this by getting some sole-inserts from Walmart. I trust in them so much that I plan to wear them on my 3 day backpacking hike through Yosemite (20+ miles). I would highly suggest these for people who are looking for a hiking boot that is good for medium-long distances or every-day-work.
B000VQ9QKS The Best Boot Yet! I have tried several brands of boots/hikers over the past few years and all have hurt my feet or left them sore and tired at the end of the day - NOT these!  I wish I had tried these before.  I wore these for 12 hours straight, right out of the box and they felt soo good I didnt want to take them off!  I love these!I wear an 8.5 in most shoes and boots(Nike, Keen, Ariat, Born) but bought the 8 Wide in these and they fit to a tee. I got the brown leather lace ups, (not the shoe)and think I am going to order the Greige color too.
B000VQBPOS Timberland Women's Nellie Premium Ankle Boot, Black True to size and are very comfortable right out of the box so no painful breaking in the boots. I work all day on my feet and do not experience any discomfort at the end of my shift. Highly recommend.
B000VQBPOS Timberland Women's Nellie Premium Ankle Boot,Black,11 M Resists moisture really well. My feet have stayed dry during snowy/wet weather. Only time will tell about summer time wear on hot and rainy days. However, it's taking longer than I had anticipated for the instep to break in, so my feet feel a bit tired by the end of my work day. Other than that, it's a great boot.
B000VQBPOS The Best Boots Ever Made! I have been wearing these for about twenty years.  The only boots I need for the winter.  Comfortable to wear in the rain, snow, whatever.  At the end of a day of teaching, (on my feet for hours), my feet feel wonderful.
B000VW9HP6 comfort and style I work on my feet all day at a fast rate, I also have a bad knee. These are the most comfortable shoes, and I have tried a lot to help my knee. I cannot begin to tell you the number of complements I have recieved on the style.
B000VX03GC Great as all ways I have had many pairs of these boots. Good construction long lasting sole. I walk on concrete all day and they really wear well
B000VX03GC Nice boots 2nd pair.  3+ years on first pair.  Very comfortable boot. Not too heavy.  Vented on sides. Soles are hard rubber with a softer foam like material between... Wear every day and all day on my feet work no problem.
B000VX03GC Good boot for less money I work on my feet all day so I need a good pair of boots. I've had wolverines, but these are definitely the most comfortable I've has so far. I plan on getting another pair soon. I even got them half a size bigger than normal and they feel great. If you have bad feet like I do, this is the right boot for you.
B000VX03GC Couldn't be better! I was forced by a situation beyond my control to immediately need a new pair of hiking boots only a week before leaving for a week of hiking in the rainforests of Costa Rica. I live in the woods - literally an hour from the nearest traffic light, so I had nowhere to shop. I wasn't sure ordering these boots online was going to be a satisfactory solution, but figured I could always send them back. Judging from the positive reviews I hoped they would fit right out of the box - and they did fit &#34;like a glove&#34;!  They were totally comfortable right out of the box. I wore them to work for a few days to figure out how much moleskin I would need to bring along for the blisters - but they were totally comfortable. No blisters, and they provide excellent traction as well as support. They also breathe well and don't get damp and hot inside, even after a day's wear. I wore them 8 to 12 hours a day and they felt like a familiar old broken-in pair of boots I had been wearing for a long time.  I am very pleased with this product and can wholeheartedly recommend them.
B000VX03GC They feel great! The boots felt great so far. I wore them to work and my feet felt good all day. I did notice when I had to do some shoveling, their built for hiking not shoveling.
B000VX03GC Best hiking boots I've been wearing these boots for 4 years now, I wear them everyday and walk all day so I wear them out in 6 months. But worth every penny. No breaking them in, they are comfortable from day 1.
B000VX03WQ Confortable and Light on your feet These boots are fantastic. They have been comfortable whether wearing indoors or out, even in fairly cold weather. They are light on your feet and yet provide good support. The configuration of the lace eyelets and hooks make it easy to adjust the snugness for comfort, even when they need changing during the day.
B000X46MOQ Hikers Absolutely love them.light weight.comfortable on my feet.would definetly recomend.Hard to find boots that are good for my feet.These do the job.
B000X46MOQ Pros and Concrete Cons When I first received these boots I was very happy about the instantly comfortable fit and I found they needed no break-in period. I ordered the wide, which is perfectly wide enough for my feet with a large toe box so my toes don't get crowded and blistered as with many other boots. These appear to be quality well-made boots and are indeed waterproof - sometimes I walk through deep puddles of water and often spray my boots off with a hose, and my feet and socks stay dry. These are the pros.The cons: I don't think these boots were designed for the wearer to be standing/walking 40+ hours a week on concrete. The sole seems surprisingly thin and the foot pad inadequate. The bottoms of my feet are very sore after walking on concrete for several hours - this has not happened to me with other boots. I did buy a good pair of inserts and placed them in the boots in addition to their meager foot pads and while my feet still fit fine in the boots, it wasn't of much help - my feet still hurt, not just the soles but all of my feet, as the cushioning is very subpar. I believe that if I were outside on the soft ground much of the time it wouldn't be an issue, but on hard floors, ouch. A couple very minor cons: The tongue of the boot doesn't ever stay put and the laces are barely long enough to double knot them.I would recommend these boots to women who either work outside on grass or sit down much of the time while wearing them. I don't recommend these for anyone on their feet for more than a few hours at a time on hard floors.
B000X46MOQ Great Construction Shoe I bought this pair of shoes because I was starting an electrical job. I wore them to a construction site the day after I received them in the mail.  They are very comfortable but did bug me on my toes a little bit.  I did get a couple of blisters as I was climbing ladders constantly that first day and did lots of walking.  I added insoles to make the cushioning a little better as I am always on my feet.  That made a difference.  3 months later of wearing these shoes every day, I can say that I am happy with this purchase.  These shoes are very sturdy and have gone through a lot with me.  They are holding up very well.
B000XEA5ZI Best work boots I have owned I have bought these boots for the past 5-6 years - they are the best boots that I have ever owned for the work that I do.  I am on my feet on concrete and up and down ladders, kneeling, squatting, etc. for 10 to 12 hours a day, 6-7 days a week.  They are subjected to many different fluids (hydraulic, fuel, etc) and they hold up.  I even wear the older boots in my yard while doing yard work.I get about a year out of them due to the daily use.  They hold up well - the toe caps especially due to the rubber toe cover.  They are definitely not a light boot - they total out at 5 lbs (together), but I like their sturdy feel.  I have exceptionally flat feet, and these are one of the few boots that I have found that I can wear without foot pain.  When my feet start to hurt, I know it's time to shop for my next pair.  I waterproof them with Sno Seal (bees-wax) every couple of months and it works out well - also protects the leather.I will continue buying these boots as long as they are sold.
B000XEA5ZI More comfortable than anticipated I have had these boots for about a month. At first they fit ok with no major issues in fit.  But after about 2 weeks of breaking them in they are now very comfortable for a boot and offer a lot of support.  I wear them about 8 to 12 hours per day.  I purchased them for their non slip soles which are acceptable but not great.  They seem to be well made even though they are from China.  From the other reviewers comments I expect them to last at least 2 years.
B000XEA5ZI Not at all what I was expecting. Very uncomfortable. I bought these because of all the positive reviews and figured I couldn't go wrong. I wear an 11 in every shoe that I own so I bought these thinking they would be a perfect fit. I got these, tried them on and wore them around the house for about ten minutes and I had to take them off. They were unbelievably uncomfortable! Way to large, very heavy and bulky. Where they tired above the ankle was either too loose or too tight. I could not find a middle ground that was even tolerable. I work moving furniture for 9 hours a day so I need something I could have to be on my feet all day. These shoes definitely aren't for me. I should have tried them on at Sears before I bought them.
B000XEA5ZI Finally Finally i bought these for the my husband and they are the most comfortable boots ive ever bought him for once he doesnt need inserts or extra socks and has stopped complaining his feet hurt. I recommend these to anyone that works 60+ hours on their feet in ruff working conditions
B000XEACHO Excellent, Very Comfortable Very good fit, the most comfortable work boots I have worn. My feet don't ache at the end of the day, the shank is very comfortable when working on a ladder for a long time. This almost feels like wearing sneakers.
B000XEACHO Love it, worth the price My husband has been wearing these workboots for around 3/4 years. I replace them each chirstmas. My husband is a mechanic and spends 10- 12 hours on his feet each day. He use to wear Caterpillers for years, but complained of knee and feet pain. So I made him switch, immediently his knee and feet pain went away. These are tough boots that take a full year to wear down. I love the scuff recistants which keep them looking great for a lot longer. These are well worth the money. I have spent everywhere from 80 dollars for a pair to the full price of 150 dollars.
B000XEACHO Chinese junk Hurt my feet wearing them. Also too heavy. I junked them for a pair of wolverines. Feet are better now.
B000XEACHO Feet hurt no more Hands down best boots I've ever owned! My last pair lasted 3+ years and I'm on my feet 10-12 hours a day. Would recommend to everyone!
B000XEAJOK thanks after working outside all day with no back pain,no wet feet,and all around great confort it makes for a good day.thanks
B000XEAJOK Great Pair of Boots I have had these boots for 7 months now. I do construction and operate heavy equipment in all conditions. These boots keep my feet dry even tracking through mud and water. They boots fit true to size, and they have excellent support. I can work in these for 12 hours a day and they dont bother me...thats something that is very rare for me. These boots have great grip in all conditions. I plan to buy another set soon as a spare set.Update: It is now September 2012 and I am still wearing these boots. They are still waterproof as the day I took them out of the box. The soles are almost wore out and through, the leathers look like they have been through hell and back, I needed to replace the insoles once; but I still wear them every other day! I don't know of any other boot that has ever lasted me this long and stayed comfortable.!!!
B000XEAMXS WOAH!! had the pitboss boot before these- thought those were good- these are the best/ most comfortable boot I have worn!! (been wearing for about a month on a concrete factory floor)All day comfort that really forms to your foot- your foot gets warm (not sweaty and swampy) but still very comfortable.The composite toe is nice- keeps the boots light and less awkward when you get into that deep knee bend.There is practically half a day of break in.  The boots soften quickly and after a day or two they were more flexible than the pitbossAs others have said- these are just as comfortable as sneakers- seriously!Bobs has these same boots for the highest prices marked on amazon.  I saved over $60 by shopping here- cant beat it guys (and gals)
B000XEAMXS Great work boot I wanted to wait a bit before i reviewed this product, but i have to say one of the most comfortable work boots right out of the box i have ever worn. I love these boots. Im a mechanic by trade and am on my feet all day, these boots have really made the day a little better by not having feet that hurt all day. I didnt even need to put inserts in them as i have had to do with the RedWings i have worn. The only thing i dont like about them is that the ankle area is too high, i didnt realize that when i bought them. But i just dont lace them all the way up and their fine. Overall the best work boot ive owned, just waiting to see how long they last.
B000XEAMXS Not good on the feet I have Plantar fasciitis and even with my inserts I'm in pain within two hours of wearing them.  This was the first time in over two years that I actually had pain in my feet while wearing shoes with my inserts.
B000XEAMXS extremely comfortable these boots are unbelievably comfortable !the first day I wore them, I worked 10 hours in constructionfor the first time in years, my feet didn't hurt at all
B000XEAMXS A Waste of $115 as After Just 10 Days Husband in Too Much Pain to Continue Wearing These boots are, as stated, a lot lighter than my husband's regular steel toed boots, however, what good is that if they're too painful to wear after just a few days.We received the boots and he tried them on in the evening after work and said remarked that "they felt good" in that they were the right shoe size.Unfortunately, the next day, after work, he said that they were rubbing at the ankles.  By the 5th day, he was attempting to relieve the constant rubbing and pressure by wearing two pairs of socks.  Last night he returned from work with wads of paper towels stuffed down the sides to relieve the, by mid-day, excruciating pain of these boots.We looked inside and there's a flap right at the ankle that creates a bunch that's rubbing constantly on his ankles...which are, by now, red, raw, and swollen.I guess we'll go back to Chippewas.Too bad as these weren't exactly cheap boots.
B000XEAMXS Comfort for all day wear. Love these boots! This is my second pair of the timberland Pro titan's. And they get better as you wear them in a bit. I would recommend this boot to anyone working in a light-duty feild. Would have to say that if you are a tradesman and around a job-site, these might not be the boots for you. toe will scuff very easy and Don't think there is much in the way of plate on base of shoe. Hmmm. anyways, great comfortable work shoe for walking around all day on your feet! Love 'em!
B000XEAMXS Best workboots ever........... I was having a problem standing on my feet all day, so I went to see a podiatrist to resolve my problem.  He stated that I had tendinitis in my feet due to bad shoes.  I bought these and have had no further issues standing all day.  My feet feel great in these boots.  They are so light weight and comfortable. The construction is so good that I don't think I will have to buy another pair for a long time.......
B000XEAPDA Can not go wrong with Amazon and Timberline Pro. The shipping was right on time as promised. Next Day for $3.99.The boots are broken in 1 day. I work for Amazon as a Facilities Tech III  and am on my feet for 10 hours a day. Walking on concrete is not as easy as thought by most. The right footwear is Vital to doing my job to the highest standards. It is impossible to concentrate on work with aching feet . Also the recovery time at home is at a minimal level due to the quality of these boots. I recommend these boots to all workers and The price and shipping from AMAZON is the best and hard to beat. Sizing was on target for me with these boots.I received comments on the quality look of these boots on the very first day. I do not recommend many products or services but A+++ on Timberland Pro  and especially AMAZON for getting them to my front door in 1 day.This transaction changed my mind about online buying and I am now a Prime  Member because it will pay for itself in a very short time. FINAL Statement is Buy these boots if you work hard and Buy from AMAZON ane Become a Prime member for the FANTASTIC shipping!!!
B000XEAPDA Most comfortable boot ever. No break in period. First day was a 12 hour shift and my feet was happy all day. The best work boot yet
B000XEAPDA first paif from a store were great, these were not AS great first were like clouds, these made my feet hurt after 8 hours. previous boots just like them did NOT have the same affect
B000XEAPDA great boots Had the shoe version of these boots and are very comfy.  worked in them for 9 months, and if I wiped them off,  I could still wear them as casual shoes..  Boots may be more comfortable.  Wore them the first day of work (took old boots just in case) and I was waiting for something, anything, to hurt.  I got home and it was the best my feet felt after a long day of work.
B000XEAPDA comfy shoes It is very important to have comfy feet.  I am on my feet all day and these boots are very nice.  Timberland makes another boot very similar to this but they are little lighter, I feel the lighter ones may be better b/c they still have a safty toe.
B000XEAPDA Must buy If you actually work on your feet all day these are the best boots. I work 12-16 hour days on my feet very often and these boots are lightweight and waterproof and don't cause any unnecessary pain. A must buy
B000XEE9PA Work boots Arrived on time, perfect fit, light weight.I drive a garbage truck in and out all day long 10 hours a day,going into the landfills where there is mud, sharp objects, sliippery conditions etc. I'll buy them again.
B000XEEQAI Comfortable boots A year later they are still comfortable. Took a minute to get them broken in but they fit great and my feet arent fatigued after working all day.
B000XEEQAI Best boots and great price Love these boots this is my second pair i'm in them 10-14 hours a day and they never hurt my feet even the first time I wore them
B000XEEQAI Great boot Bought these about a month ago. I stand about 8 hours a day on concrete (aircraft hangar) and these boots are very comfortable. I also have done many double shifts (17 and 1/2 hours) in them with no problems. Only took about 2-3 days to really get comforable in them. I have worn Timberland Pros for many years and they have always been very durable.I think maybe the best thing might be the laces. Finally some body made a shoe lace that does not loosen up once its tied. The lace has a flat profile that really hold tight. Highly recommended.
B000XEEQAI A great boot for a long hard day of work!! A simple way to put it is the boot always seems to fit really well it is very comfortable(I'm on my feet in then 12 hours average a day).They seem to remain dry inside even in warm months.I've bought several other brand boots and for a lot more money than what these cost and I feel these perform better and hold up better.In fact my local work gear place was out of stock of them and I shopped Amazon for them
B000XEEQAI Great Fit!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best boot i ever purchased, fit great!!!!!!!!!!. After a week the boot felt like a slipper. Feet do not hurt anymore.would reccommend for any body on there feet all day
B000XEEW9S Love Excellent for everyday work shoes.  My husband got these, he works in a shop all day and is on his feet and these were very comfortable for him and his back didn't hurt so bad.
B000XEEW9S Super comfortable I stand on concrete for 8-10 hours a day, sometimes longer. These are the most comfortable boot that I have found. The only downside is that the sole has split after less than a year. Other than that, a tremendous but for the money.
B000XEEW9S Comfortable boots. After a month or so they are holding up well.  Worn 9-10 hours a day on concrete.  Not sure how long they will last but better than any of the ones I tried on at Sears.
B000XEEW9S "Best. Boots. Ever" At least that's what hubby said when he came home from the first day of wearing them.  He stands on a concrete floor at work and it takes a toll on his feet, knees and back.  With other boots he's worn, he couldn't wait to rip them off his feet at the end of his shift.  But he was surprised that he was almost disappointed that he HAD to remove these and get back into his sneakers.  They fit well, are well-cushioned, lightweight and cool. He's only been wearing these for about a week, so we can't speak to durability.  But, he loves them so much he ordered a second pair so that he can be sure they're available when these do wear out.
B000XEEW9S light n comfortable I was looking for a working boots that was ready to wear that will not make my feet adjust to it until it get softer and comfortable. When I saw this on Amazon and compared to other boots with the same price range and reviews, I thought why not try this. This shoes is really serving its purpose, with my line of work with a lot of walking, standing and other kind of feet pronation. I recommend this and you will not regret it....
B000XEH2JA Great work boots The are comfortable light weight and affordable.  I mix cement all day and my feet usually are soaked by the end of the day. Not no more these boots are great!
B000XEH2JA Great and Comfortable My husband got them for work. He wanted sturdy boots that would protect the tops as well as the bottoms of his feet. These boots fill the bill very well.  He says they're comfortable (he's on his feet working in a warehouse all day) and they look to last him a long time.He recommends them highly.
B000XEH2JA Comfortable/rugged work boots! Awesome is the first word and great support for the feet during a 12 hour day on the go go! Great fit out of the box and no need for the normal break in period as other boots need. Highly recommend these boots for those who need steel toe protection and yet be comfortable to wear the whole day long.
B000XEH2JA Great boot!!  super durable, wearable and comfortable all day I am in the miitary and have to wear shoes sometimes 18 hours a day.  These boots are far superior to the boots that are sold at the exchanges.  Much lighter and a lot more cushion in the sole to help with the impact from the steel decks of a ship.  This is probably my 5 or 6th pair and I will keep buying these until I retire!  i hope they dont stop making them anytime soon.
B000XEIZ7S these boots are usually great......... I have been purchasing and wearing these style boots for a number of years now. I stand on concrete for 12 hours a day, and these are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn, and the only boots I'll buy. As a treat, I purchase myself a new pair every year for my birthday.Unfortunately, the pair that I received has a weird bump in the sole of the right boot that hurts my foot. By the end of the day, my foot is sore from wearing them. It took me a while to recognize that this was the problem. I've never had this problem before, so I'm hopeful that the Timberland is not lowering its standard of workmanship.
B000XEIZ7S I would recommend these to a friend. these are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. I work in the petroleum industry, being around those products day in and day out take a toll on the soles but I still average 1.5 years on a pair of These boots.
B000XEIZ7S Good boots so far! These are good and comfortable boots so far.  Only have had them for a few weeks, but they are easy on my feet and I am on my feet all day outside working.Will see how they hold up.
B000XEIZ7S Very uncomfortable comparied to the Wolverine Multishox. Let me put it to you like this, I pair of Wolverine multishox that were a full size too small were more comfortable then These PRO's in the correct size up. I'm not giving these boots a 2 for no reason. I tried them on and could only walk around in them for 2-3 minutes before they started to hurt my feet. Right on the outer part of my feet around my arches. Not on the inside, on the outsides on both sides, these boot taper inwards really funny for me.. I will say this. I am a big guy, around 270# and my feet might be more flat or shaped different then others. I could see if someone had this perfect mold as their feet it would be comfortable. I just like the way Wolverine is more flat. with small arches in the middle that don't dig into you. Also I will say I'm not flat footed, The insides on my feet have about a 1- 1 1/2 inch arch.
B000XEIZ7S WHOA First off, there isn't a more comfortable boot on the market comparable to the Timberland Pro series. They take no time at all to break in, and I've been standing 8 hours a day for the last 2 weeks already, and the comfort has exceeded my expectations. Their durability has withstanding anything a factory job could throw at it, and needlesstosay I'm very satisfied!
B000XEIZ7S Very durable work boot. I have purchased 3 pairs of these boots in the past year and a half. I am on my feet on average 10-12 hrs a day. They are very comfortable for long days. When I get home from work my feet don't hurt like they use to with a lower end boot. Well worth the money spent for me.
B000XEIZ7S My Timberland's I love these boot's they fit like a glove and there is no break in period. I wear them for 8-12 day's kick these bad boys off and my feet don't hurt. Couldn't be happier.
B000XEJ3HO best boots out there These boots are great. I've had Timberland Pro's before and always recommend them to people. I use these at work and I'm on my feet for the better part of 10+ hours everyday. My feet don't get tired or ache at the end of the day as they did with some other brands. The price is right, you get what you pay for. If you spend less on a cheaper pair of boots they will wear out fast and your feet will be aching at the end of the day. I say spend a few more hard earned dollars and you'll feel better while working because your feet will feel great. Do the right thing for yourself and get some Timberland Pro's.And as always Amazon Prime shipping is awesome. I ordered these boots Wednesday morning and received them early Thursday afternoon.
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland work boots One of the best shoes on the market for the money. On feet all day as a contractor , so the insole matters.Last a long time with common sense care. Buy a gel insert and its even better.
B000XEJ9V4 Very comfortable I weigh about 245 and am on my feet all day so the cushioning in most boots don't last long for me.  These are very comfortable to wear all day.  Mud cakes in the tread pretty easily and they get heavy but I'd rather have the mud than a slick soled boot and the the traction problems that come with it.  Have always liked Timberland footwear but didn't like the price.  Found out the lesser priced boots just don't hold up.  I may never buy another brand of boot and I have tried several.  Great boots.
B000XEKCRE Titan pro My 6th pair , i wont buy anything else. for work or play,I were them 12 hours a day,Comfort is all i can say. Thanks Timberland.
B000XEKCRE Very comfortable boots from day 1 Great fitting boot right out of the box.  Sizing spot on.  Perfect boot for medium to narrow width feet.  Boots felt like they broken in from day one.
B000XEKHOC Great Work boot The boots are very comforting. The size is great because I have a 2EE with foot. I am up and on them 8 hours every day and my feet do not hurt at the end of the day. Great shoes.
B000XEKHOC Comfort from the first step These boots were comfortable from the first time a foot was put inside of them. They were worn to an on-your-feet-12 hours a day job the 1st day and still have yet to feel uncomfortable. I would definitely purchase them again.
B000XEKHOC Comfortable, not waterproof These are extremely comfortable but they squeaked from the first day I had them. And the description is a lie, they are not waterproof. The first day I had them, had to walk through light snow and my socks were soaked. Tried them for the next few days, soaked every day. Returning them now.
B000XEKHOC my second pair love these boots I work all day  with these boots on my feet 8 hrs a day my feet are warm an comfortable. The fit is true to size I have a 4 e sneaker. I get wide in this boot works out well for me.
B000XEKHOC Love these boots! These are a great all around daily boot. I am on my feet all day in them without a problem. They are well made and durable. I think they actually look better as they wear and get scuffed up. They are very true to size too, which is nice.Enjoy!
B000XEKIUK Comfort With this boot I have not had any wear in period. No pain behind the heel or any other spots. Good quality and comfort. I walk in them for about 5 hours a day.
B000XEKIUK Best boots i have purchased. It is really comfertable.  I can wear it for 9 hours at my job while walking around all day and this pair of boots does not hurt my feet at the end of the day.  Ive also walked around in them when it was snowy and icy and no moisture got through so they are definately waterproof.  A very good and reliable pair of boots.
B000XEKIUK Heavy and hurt my feet My Timberland Titan boots were wore out so in tried these. They are heavy, too large, and hurt my feet. I usually wear a 9.5 and these are too big.
B000XEKIUK Indeed These boots are great. No discomfort from day one. Everything I wanted too. I highly recommend them to anyone. A+
B000XEKIUK comfortable and big real eye catcher.  soft yet durable.  took me a little while to get used to such a large boot.  i kept kicking thing and getting my foot jammed.  but overall its awesome.  water beeds right off and im comfortable 12 hours a day
B000XEKIUK Concrete work I work in a concrete factory and constantly get concrete and dust on them and it wipes without to much effort. They are quite comfortable but I advise you where longer socks because the front tends to rub on your feet and if your working in them all day you will get blisters.
B000XEKIUK Timberland pro I've been buying these timberlands for 15 years now the only boots I will buy on my feet 12-14 hours a day 6 days a week highly recommend these boots!!
B000XEKIUK Great value....great boot! I work in the construction industry and can, very easily, destroy footwear.  These boots make happy feet!  I would recommend this item to anyone who spends a lot of time on their feet in a variety of industries.
B000XEKK94 Never wearing anything else! I bought these a few months ago when I started my new job as a CM on a large scale commercial jobsite.  These boots are the most comfortable pair of steel toes I have ever worn.  I'm on my feet all over the site almost 10 hours a day/5 days a week and these keep me going.  I'd say the break-in period would be all of about a week.  Make sure you try them on in a store before you order online because they run a little tight if you are used to wearing boot socks.The steel toes I owned before these were Caterpillar.  They were extremely heavy, clunky, and kept giving me blood blisters when on my feet all day.  Don't ever buy Cats.The laces are a bit cheap on these, but for the price I'm not complaining at all.  These Timberlands look great, feel great(really light), and keep my feet dry and safe all day.  Wouldn't trade them in for any other kind.
B000XEKK94 Much better boot! These boots are great.  The boots they replaced were Georgians steel toes that hurt my feet since new. Tried them for over a year to see if they would break in or something.  When they started needing repair, I bought the Timberlands and plan on keeping them on my feet from now on....
B000XEKK94 most comfortable work boots You can be on your feet all day in these on concrete floors no problem. The sole and boot last and last the only part that will finally give up is the inside insert. Thanks for the wide option.
B000XELF3O great boot! great boots! where them at work 11 hours a day 5 days a week and don't feel the need to kick em off when i get home. just wish they were made in the USA
B000XELF3O The strong work boot The leather was very hard, first day. I am not able to wear it. Then, I applied leather lotion (made by sofsole).The leather became soft within 2 days. Then, I am able to wear it.But, it was very tight on my front feet. After, I walked about 1 hour. My feet got many room, and comfort.The weight is 32 oz for size 10M, each boot. But, their weight is balance, it feel not so heavy.
B000XELF3O UPDATED: DO NOT BUY! Giving it a 3 star for now because I'm suffering from some severe foot pain but continue reading for more details. Will update later on down the road. Just bought the boots last week based off of the reviews. Went to a local boot store and tried them on and really liked the feel of them. I just picked up a new job as a Robot Maintenance Technician. I am on my feet every night for 10 to 12 hours taking different calls and walking several miles every day. Now I don't know how some of these other people break in their boots but after seeing some people saying it only takes a day or so I'd love to have the pair they got. I'm gonna give them a solid week to  see if they "break in" any better. If not I'll be getting a new pair of in soles to see if that helps a little more. My boots appear to be really well made and I really enjoy the looks of them. Just wish they were a tad more comfy.Edit:After giving these boots 5 full months I finally couldn't take it anymore. I cannot recommend these boots to any one. They're awful and never break in. I purchased a pair of Keen Detroit Mid's today and they're 100 times better. So much so that even with sore feet from wearing the Pitboss' the night before the Keen's were still more comfortable then these have ever been. DO NOT BUY!
B000XELF3O Awkward at first The inside fit a little weird at first, but after wearing them at work, the boot finally molded to my foot and they are very comfortable - perfect for a 12-hour day on my feet in a structural steel shop. Let's see how long they last.
B000XELF3O Would do 4.5 if I could Plastic sole comes up on the edges and sticks into the side of my feet. Otherwise this is the best boot I have bought.Absolutely worth the money, extremely comfortable and has everything I need in a boot. Steel toe, water proof, and durable. I am on my feet 10+ hours a day, climbing ladders and walking through all types of terrain.
B000XELF3O awesome boots use these for work every day at a mechanic shop.  dropped so much crap on my feet before i got these.  now i feel great in these boots all day long
B000XELF3O Good Boots, Great Look I wear these every day at work for at least 8 hours a day. I think they are a really nice pair of boots. They look really good, and seem to be holding up to day to day abuse. I bought some insoles for them, but I just think that all work boots need insoles, not necessarily a flaw of these particular boots. I also bought some leather lotion, moisturizing protectant type stuff. I would recommend it, it keeps them looking newer longer.
B000XELF3O great boot these came quickly and are awesome! I stand on my feet 12 hours a day and these feel great at the end of the day!
B000XELF3O awesome excellent work boot,very comfy and im on my feet 12 hours a day! been a month and have recommended to everyone!!
B000XELF3O Very impressed! This is my first time wearing boots all day so I expected my feet to hurt and the boots to be uncomfortable - not so! These boots are wonderful! They don't cut into my ankles and are great for my wide but small women's feet. I would definitely recommend them.
B000XELF3O Easy to wear My boyfriend loves the boots for work. He is on his feet for 12 hours. His job requires steel toes the last few pair were really heavy and didnt last long. He said there was very little break in time with the boots. The only complaint is when delivered it was left on door step of a apartment. We just happen to be off that day. I know if we werent there it wouldnt be.
B000XELF3O my opinion Great pair of boots! I tested these boots for 3 hard weeks working an average of 12 hours a day before writing this review.  They are durable and comfortable.  I purchased dickies work socks for extra comfort and it felt even better!!
B000XELF3O As ecpected I work in a plant for car parts. The hours are long and my feet usually intend to hurt after awhile. I wore these boots and within 3 to 4 days, I felt like they were broke in and were very enjoyable to wear. I would advise these boots to anyone.
B000XELF3O Put them to work right away After I got a pair 1/2 size too small, the size 11 boots arrived just in time for a gruelling week of abuse. Cutting wood, stacking brick, moving clay, kicking dust... and they stood up to everything. They don't look as pretty anymore, but I'm sure a bit of oil will fix that quickly. The first day I wore them, they seemed too tight on the ankle, but the second day I didn't loop the laces around the top two hooks and they felt great. No blisters!
B000XELF3O Good boot These boots came within two days of ordering and they are great. I have read several reviews saying that they take forever to break in...not sure what they are doing to break in their boots but saddle soap and wearing them around the house and for short walks for a couple of days and they have already broken in just fine. I can wear them all day and not feel like I have been on my feet all day. I would buy them again.
B000XELF3O Great work boot Great shoe wear 12 hours a day no problem with fit or comfort , would buy another pair any time.
B000XELF3O timberland pro It took me a day to break them in and now they see very comfortable. I can eat them all day.
B000XELF3O I love these boots I have always loved Timberland. And if I could wear them all day. So when I started working in the oil and gas business I thought I had to find a different boot for work. Only because oil and gas destroy shoes. The Timberland PRO boot are comfortable and my feet don't feel trier after having them on. I love these boots.
B000XELF3O Nice boots, but very stiff. Boots look great. But hurt my feet after first day, including blisters. Should get better, I hope. Probable should have try this boot on at store first.
B000XELF3O Fair I bought these boots cause the price was right 85$ you can't go wrong since the company i work for refunds up to 80$ on boots there for i got them for 5$ they are worth 85 how ever id recommend getting some gel inserts if you are going to be in them all day like i am 10 hours a day 6 days a week
B000XELF3O pit boss I do fire alarm inspections and average day is 8-12 hrs on feet, up n down ladders, climbing through attics, walking miles and miles and these boots are awesome. Only took about 5 days to break in. I have severe flat feet and plantar fasciitis and had to rotate 3-4 sets of insoles and footwear. I do not have to wear insoles with these boots. Overall they are great boots.
B000XELF3O These boots are AMAZING I don't know what's going on with Amazons shipping, for some reason everything just sits in shipping now phase for a few days.These shoes are the best.  I work 12 hours days, I'm always on my feet.  My job consists of manual labor and it can get very hard on my feet.  I wore some Sketchers at first and my feet would ache and feel as if the bone was touching the floor after a days of work.  I went out and bought some Red Wing boots for around $250.  Wore them for three weeks and still had a lot of pain.  I don't know why the laces on the Red Wings wouldn't stay tied.  I had to double tie them everytime and even then they would come loose at times.  Not an issue with the Timberland's, you tie them once and they stay tied the whole day.  I returned the Reg Wings, thank god for their 30 day trial.I have been wearing these Timberland Pros for two weeks now and it's like I'm not even working.  I couldn't believe it, with this price tag I will always be getting Timberland boots.  It did take a day to get used to the way they feel, they are a tiny bit different but it really feels good.  I can finally relax and not try and find ways to make my feet feel better.
B000XELF3O Didn't work for me. I don't know if I just got a bad pair, but they hurt my feet the moment I put them on. It felt like there were parts of the shoe that jutted out into my feet and I got a small blister in the first few hours of wear. I sent them back and got new boots. (Which I love).
B000XELF3O Good quality just too heavy After wearing Bates for many years. I thought I would try these because the bates wear out so quick. these are just to heavy working 10 hours a day
B000XELF3O PERFECT! I work anywhere from 4-16 hours a day on my feet, and then wear these at home until I'm ready to pop them off and put on some house shoes and relax....These boots fit great, feel great, dont slide when im working on a greasy fast food restauraunt floor in after coming in from the rain with WET FEET!!! I love these boots.Hands down beats the Dickie's boots i purchased, and the comfort is ridiculous. Padding on the ankle, the inner steel toe, the tongue, it all adds up to a boot that can be worn the hell out of.
B000XELF3O I work 7 days a week 12 hours a day on concrete, these boots are a life saver!! I work in a factory and every day of the week im on my feet sometimes walking around other days just standing in one place for 3-4 hours at a time. these boots have held up very well, leather is tough and so far the soles haven't worn down too much yet. more than anything these boots are comfortable. the first couple weeks of owning them i didn't have any insoles but eventually i invested in some Dr scholls custom orthotics and this combo keeps my feet from being sore! they truly are great boots
B000XELF3O feet too big I don't know if my feet are still growing, but I had to get size 11D, hopefully my feet are not still growing.
B000XELF3O comfortable most comfortable work boot ive owned. More than eight hours in them and my feet do start to feel a little cramped but i never wear shoes, only sandals whenever i dont have these on.
B000XELF3O Two pairs later, I had to get them again... I love these boots. I'm a mechanic, and on my feet 10 hours a day picking up everything you can imagine from transmissions to engines.  They are soooo comfortable...Highly recommended. The steel tips in my prior pairs saved me many times, and I think it's a good idea to have them for safety!
B000XELF3O I really wished these would work out On my size 9 feet, the tongue of these work boots happen to stab my ankles something fierce.  I tried them for 2-eleven hour shifts of frequent stair climbing, ladder climbing, and fast paced walking after which left my ankles hairless and bruised.  I will try to break them in further but this is not going well.  Everything else feels great except for that.  I've walked over 80+ miles in my cheapo Hi-tec boots which never left me feeling in poor shape yet I walked only a few miles in these.Maybe my feet are too small or something but these just do not cut it for me.  I'll probably pick something else up if another shift leaves me aching like these do.***update***To make these boots work for me, I just wore out the tongues while they were off my feet.  My ankles are small so I had to tighten them pretty tight which caused 100% overlap of the tongue. The tongues were reinforced by the sides of the boot wrapping around it so they wouldn't break in during normal use.Conclusions, I could easily understand these fitting bigger feet without any issues.  Anyone with small ankles or feet may want to thoroughly check fitment before purchasing.
B000XELF3O Good work boots. Used to wear these years ago, stopped because they started using D width steel toe inserts in the EE boots and they hurt my feet like nobodies business. Decided to give them another shot and happily they have corrected the problem. They took about a week to break in and you have to wear quality socks (ie: not the cheap crap ones from Wally World) but they are very comfortable even when working 12 hour shifts on concrete and climbing up and down ladders all day.
B000XELF3O to boot or not to boot.. that is the question best boots I've bought since my redwings. but I also saved 100 dollars.so it was worth it. I stand for 10 hrs a day min. and so far my feet haven't hurt at all.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable As many others have noted, these are indeed very comfortable after a short breakin period. I have had these for about 6 months now.I treated them up front with Leather Honey Conditioner before putting them into service ...I can wear these all day (on weekends) and I don't end up in pain at the end of the day.Seem solid built and good around the yard, garage etc.Expect to get many years of service from them. Will update if there is any unexpected change to my opinion.
B000XENSFC The best work boots ever! This is by far The most comfortable work boots I have ever worn. I'm an Electrician who works 8-10 hours a day wiring new homes, the things I noticed first was the very light weight and how form fitting they were. My feet don't ache anymore when the day is done like they did wearing the cheaper boots. I guess you get what you pay for! Oh, I went to the local Boot Barn first and tried these on for size first. I wear a size 10 in all other shoes I buy. I had to go down to a 9 for these boots. Also Boot Barn had them for $130.00.
B000XETJU0 Exactly what I was looking for Fit well and was able to put them on and go out for a full day of work in the woods without any problems.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pitboss boot This is a great boot. I have worn these boots as a remodeling contractor, a glazier, and as an annealing technician working on my feet on concrete floors for 10 hours a day. The boots construction allows any type of work on your feet for long periods of time on any surface with no fatigue to your feet or knees which is something I've had trouble with using other boots. Not only are they comfortable but they last forever even with abuse.
B000XETJU0 Not very comfortable I like these boots but after a while of wearing them, the sides of my feet hurt because of some type of molded plastic they use inside the boot that does not have enough padding around it. It is almost like having a plastic butter knife digging into the outer bottom sides of my feet from my little toe to my heel. Also,the heel on this boot, as with all Timberland Boots that I have owned, is not very durable. You will get three months of usage out of this boot before the heel is gone.This particular style goes on and off with ease and look really good, but if you are on your feet alot, I can't recommend these boots. They will kill your feet.
B000XETJU0 MY FEET ARE HARD TO PLEASE! i have been through about 15 pairs of boots in the last 10 years,my feet,legs and lower back were always aching,when i first recieved these,i was like a kid on christmas opening his gifts,praying to God these would be the pair that saved me,the first week or so,it was still painful,but after the breaking in process,i will admit,these are pretty comfortable,the aches in my feet and lower back have subsided a lot but not completely dissappeared,which i didnt expect them to anyway,i knew there wasnt a miracle cure in an $80 pair of boots,but they really do help,im a contractor,im on my feet all day,and if your experiencing what i described,give these a try,they should help,but like i said,dont expect a miracle cure
B000XETJU0 father inlaw loves them So my wife father wanted work boots, (no steel toe) he wanted something affordable and comfortable to wear for long hours. Since he is on his feet all day, this boots came right in the category. The moment he saw them he fell in love with them and once he wore them he felt bad for using them for work.
B000XETJU0 Timberland workshoe Timberland makes a good work shoe that lasts, fits well, is still comfortable after spending all day on your feet.
B000XETJU0 good shoes These are sturdy and make me want to kick down a door, my feet dont even hurt at the end of the day
B000XETJU0 Shoe comfort doesn't last I bought these boots to work in. My day usually consists of 10 hours on my feet. After only 6-8 weeks, the comfort was gone. It feels like I am walking barefooted on plywood. I expected better from a name like Timberland. Maybe I bought seconds, and thought I was buying new. Please check before you purchase.
B000XETJU0 Worst work boots ever! My husband is in construction and is on his feet most of the day. And he kept complaining about his feet hurting after he started wearing these boot,  So much so that he had trouble walking by the end of the day. He thought maybe he needed an adjustment period. Well, Its been just over a month now and is still having the same issue so he went and bought insoles and when he removed the insert in the boot to put the insole in, there was a hard plastic piece in the heel area of the boot! No wonder he was having so much pain!  We have always bought Timberland boots, but in a different style, and we have never had this happen but his normal style wasn't available so we decided to try these. Now its too late to return these, by a few days!
B000XETJU0 Not for walking These are not good boots if you have to move alot on the job.  If you just stand or sit all day - they may be just fine.
B000XETJU0 Comfortable Boot Right Out of the Box Great work boots, no break in period. I removal houses for a living and these boots were comfortable the first day I wore them. These boots seem to stand up to the abuse of all day on a construction site. Great product.
B000XETJU0 Very comfortable ! I bought these for my husband because he complained how tired and achy his feet had been. The first time he put them on, he was very impressed and said he loved his new boots ! It has been a month now now and he says the are still comfy as the first day and has had less aching in his feet ! I would recommend to anyone !
B000XETJU0 Stylish and Comfortable I am a professional auto detailer and these boots get the job done, they keep my feet comfortable and dry throughout the day, the bottoms act to grip the ground very nicely, making walking through oil spills and slippery chemicals a breeze. The boots are easy to get on your feet, they lace up easily and are a snap to get unlaced with plenty of room to get your feet out as fast as possible after a long day of work. They are also stylish and get complemented.
B000XETJU0 good for outdoor and indoor activities I hv a work staying all day on my feet, boots by nature are heavy... tiring on the heels... also feet starts to get cold in 35 40 mins outside
B000XETJU0 Heavy duty Boots fit perfect! Solid construction with double stitching. Before I used them, I sprayed them with 2 coats of Scotch Guard with little discoloration (was not an issue, they're work boots). I have worn them for almost 3 weeks and they are starting to break in. First week was a little hard on my feet, got a blister on my heal. But now I put a couple of miles a day on them and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day. This is my first pair of Timberlands, and they are not as comfortable as the Wolverines that I normally buy but I feel they will last longer.
B000XETU1I great looking boot I bought these for my grandson who is away at college.  He says he wears them every day and they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned.  A very wise choice on my part-made him very happy-and protects those feet at school.  Another plus is that they look great with either jeans or slacks.
B000XETU1I Timberland PRO Men's Timberland PRO Men's...VERY FAST!!!!GOT THEM IN 3 DAY'S AND FOR ABOUT $40 LESS THAN I PAIED LAST YEAR FOR SAME, SOME WHERE ELLSE....NICE....THIS BOOT IS GREAT IF YOU NEED COMFORT WITH BAD FEET LIKE ME...IM ON MY FEET ALL DAY. IM A UNION DRY WALL GEN FINISHING FOREMAN IN LA CA...WALK WALK WALK ...YOU GET IT...GREAT BOOT...............
B000XETU1I Completely meets expectations I have grown to expect a lot from Timberland, and these boots do not disappoint.  Well crafted, durable, and most importantly for me, comfortable.  I went with the wide for my flat feet / bunion issues and have zero problems wearing these all day long.
B000XETU1I looks great, somewhat low in comfort I was looking for boots for casual wear and specially during somewhat cold to medium wet weather. With price, color, style, and established name brand these shoes fitted my bill.ordered it, and loved the looks as soon as I receive the box and tried it. Tested shoes for 1 day (all day wear, about 8 to 10 hours) by the end of the day my feet were tired. They looked and felt quite comfortable when I tried these at home, but in all day wear it didn't pass my comfort test. Most likely these shoes are going back, I hate to return stuff, especially after wearing it for 1 day, but unfortunately these are too uncomfortable for me to keep it. It could be a problem with this specific pair or this particular model.
B000XEVJJO Laces loose hard as a rock I chose one star because there is not a zero star option.  I purchased these based on overall positve reviews and the fact that they are somewhat lighter than what was wearing at the time.I am a machinist and work 5 days a week 10 hours a day in boots.  Anyone in manufacturing or assembly will know that during the day you may be required to stand in the exact same spot or small area the entire time except for breaks.I found that these boots made my feet and heels go numb after 2 days or wear.  The insole that comes in them and the boot together are pretty hard for a new pair of boots.  If you are looking for a cushy pair of foot pillows keep looking.After 4 or 5 hours of wear on the first couple days the upper back part of the boot had my legs rubbed raw and I changed back into my old boots.  When I stepped the upper rear of the boot would dig in to my leg.  I thought perhaps I would try a different insole to take care the of the hardness of the boot and that did not take care of it.A lot of other reviewers commented on the laces coming loose while walking or moving.  That is true they do come loose and you have to tie them again.  I never could get them as tight as I wanted with the lacing system they have.Overall not very happy with these and would send them back if I hadn't worn them in a machine shop for a week.
B000XEVJJO nice boot i have had these boots before but this time i needed to add an insole cushion due to my feet were sore on the bottom after work all day.
B000XEVLF6 Your feet will hurt... When I need some steel toe shoes for work I bought these because of the wonderful performance of my Timberland hiking boots of years ago. Those boots were my good friends for miles of trails and never gave me a problem.These hurt my feet from day one. On day two I never thought I would walk again. I bought some Dr. Scholes and things changed for the better. By the end of the second week they have loosened up enough they are comfortable enough. I walk a great deal, up two 4 miles a day, up hill and down. And that's just getting to work. If they continue to soften up and break in at the same rate I am sure I may someday be fond of these as I was my boots. But I do like the look and the quality seems to be up to par with the Timberland name.
B000XEVLF6 Great Shoes!!! Since my first pair worked out so well that I purchased a year ago I just got me a new set.  Barely are the soles on the first pair starting to wear through and get holes.  I work at an airport outside and I exclusively wore just these work shoes 40-50 hrs a week all year long.  They take a day or two to break in but after that are comfortable and rugged.  Unless you have abnormally thin feet though I recommend ordering the &#34;Wide&#34; size right off the bat.  Served me well in the rain, snow, or sun.  I highly recommend if you're one to need to wear steel-toe shoes at work all day.  They will live up to the punishment.
B000XEVLF6 Overall good shoe and value for the money This serves as a good-quality work shoe. It's plenty sturdy, yet doesn't feel too stiff or restricting on the feet. I wear this everyday for 13-14 hours a day, mostly on my feet, and they definitely are more comfortable than the last boots I wore for work. The only complaint I have with them is that the inside middle edge of the sole rubs and puts slight pressure on my arches, but I think that has more to do with my own feet than the design and construction of the shoe! Overall, I recommend.
B000XEVLF6 I could wear this all day Very comfortable shoes perfect for 10 + hour shifts plus the breathable material keeps your feet cool unlike other shoes that make your feet sweat a lot.
B000XEVM50 great work boots I have had these shoes for over a month now. They are very comfortable for someone that is on his feet for over 10 hours a day on a concrete floor. I have tried other shoes before ( redwing,sketchers,rockport) but these so far are the best I have tried.
B000XEVM50 uncomfortable When i got the shoes they where comfortable but when at work after 5 hours my feet where begging for mercy they are so uncomfortable, i think if you walk around all day they maybe fine but if you stand for 8 hours and move a little bit all day on concrete you are going to be in pain. After all that its a well made shoes just recommend getting some inserts.
B000XEVM50 Amazing Comfort When you are on your feet for 12 to 14 hours a day with steel toe shoes, by the end of the day, they are not very comfortable...I tried every inserts imaginable and still my feet hurt...however, the Timberland Pro's that I got, are without a doubt the most comfortable pair I have ever bought...well worth the price.
B000XEVM50 To be honest I wasn't to sure about these I have been through several pairs of boots over the years and could never find the right one that met all of my needs. Until I tried the Timberland Pro 40008.These are just what I was looking for. I work at UPS and am moving around a lot and on my feet all day. I will definitely be purchasing these again.maybe bigger size than i have..
B000XEVM50 Typically TIMBERLAND I use these for inside work on mostly concrete so by that application I recommend replacing the shoe inserts with something a little higher end. The composite toe is good, not heavy. They did begin to split on the front end a bit after a year but I am on my feet active for 8-12 hours a day 6 days a week.
B000XEVM50 Good work shoes. Good work shoes but my feet gets tired at the end of the day. I just wished that it has a little more for an arch support ... it helps especially in the whole day's work. Sometimes,  my feel my feet are tired with this shoes at the end of the day. So I do alternate it with my other working shoes.
B000XEVM50 Great boots for drivers I work as a truck driver so I'm out in my truck over 50 times a day. These shoes are so comfortable and well priced for a working man budget.
B000XEVM50 Sturdy, comfortable, lightweight. Was looking for summer work shoes/boots. I've had these for 2 weeks and the are great. A very solid feel and good support. Still comfortable at the end of the day, which is saying a lot as I'm an A/C mechanic and am up and down ladders and on roof tops all day. Will be buying another pair soon so that I can trade off days they are worn.
B000XEVM50 Nice looking but not that comfortable Purchased this pair on a Sunday night and they arrived Wednesday as promised via 2day Amazon Prime membership.They are a little stiff and heavy but that's to be expected from a steel toe work boot but i did not find them comfortable at all. First day of wearing them all day at work and i got painful rubbing blisters on the back of my ankles.I gave this shoe 3 stars because i like the style and overall structure but they are not at all comfortable.
B000XEVM50 william very comfortable and light. On my feet twelve hours a day and my feet don't hurt. I even told my friends about them.
B000XEVM8W Great work shoes These Timberlands are great. They are quickly broken in and very comfortable, even after long hours on your feet. And best of all, they're Timberland, so they'll last.
B000XEVM8W Hubby loved them! I bought these for my husband who is on his feet 8-10 hours a day as a mechanic.  He has used Doc Martens in the past but said these were much more comfortable and more like a sneaker than a work shoe.
B000XEVM8W good shoes for big flat feet I stand up 10 to 13 hours a day and shoe are great, and I have flat feet  im on my 3rd set........
B000XEVM8W Very Comfortable Work Shoe I work 10 hour shifts standing on concrete and these shoes have been the most comfortable shoes I have ever tried. I didn't even break them in, just wore them to work one day expecting sore feet. Not only did my feet not get sore but they felt great. Very light weight and after several months of getting oil all over them they are showing no signs of wear or oil damage. Will update review when I finally wear them out but it might be awhile.
B000XEW60K very comfortable With 8 - 12 hours a day on my feet, these make the day much more enjoyable.Let's see how long they hold up.
B000XEW60K comfort On my 3rd pair in 4 years most comfortable work shoe ive worn.12 hours on concret.I even keep a pair to wear out side of work instead of my tennis shoes.Great support,Feet dont hurt any more.other coworkers getting them now and say the same thing about the comfort.
B000XEW60K Wish I would of found these sooner I've owned these for a week now, I'm on the concrete floor 10 hrs a day, my feet love these, they are worth the money.
B000XEW60K I'd go five stars, but I have low ankles, and these almost rub on them. Comfy right out of the box, and they hold tightly enough to my feet that I can run in them when need be. Not from toe-stomping thugs, but when it's raining. Sometimes a man needs to trot, you know what I'm saying? I buy size 10 in some brands, 11 in others. I might go 10-1/2 next time on the Timberlands, should the need arise, but they are just barely too short; not enough to worry about. As the title mentioned, these almost irritate my ankles, but again, just barely, so I'm not all that worried about that aspect. I've worn them to work all day everyday, and mostly forget I have them on; they're that good. I had a different brand for a while, but they jacked with my lower back after standing all day, and they were a bit questionably styled for a man's steel-toes. But these badboys look manly enough for lumberjack reunion day down at the cop and offshore-worker Harley bar. Get you some.
B000XEW60K Mixed thoughts.. I was very excited about the reviews for these when I ordered them, but I felt I should add my own after I received them. Tried them on and immediately knew they wouldn't work and I'd have to return them. Extremely comfortable with one exception: the ankle area. Since they're slip on, the ankle area should obviously be tighter, but these cut into my ankles pretty bad. If you work on your feet all day, these might be right for you. However if you WALK on your feet all day, these may cause a problem with the friction on your ankles. Just something to consider.
B000XEW60K Not what I expected I bought these for work, though admittedly I did not need the steel toe. I suppose what these would be best for is a person who stands most of the day, but doesn't have to do much walking. Each shoe weighs one and half pounds, which starts to feel very heavy after you've had them on for 9+ hours. The insole is rather firm and not very supportive, so I put in a gel insole. This helped a little, but weight makes them uncomfortable at the end of the day. In fact, most days my feet and even up to my shins tend to hurt. Not having to tie laces is nice, and these do look good enough to wear out on the town, so to speak. Although they scuff easily, that is taken care of with a little shoe polish. Also, these shoes tend to run about a half size large. Unfortunately, these shoes aren't what I expected and I will probably have to go back to sneakers which are about a third the weight and have more resilient insoles.
B000XEW60K Comfort This slip on shoe is absolutely one of the most comfortable work shoes I have put on my feet, I expected being leather there would be some discomfort and a break in period, to my suprise the comfort was superb from day one of arrival; this saying is more truer than ever you pay for what you get, with the price through Amazon this made them quite affordable thankyou Amazon...  sincerely Robert
B000XEW60K All day comfort! I love these shoes!!!  I pretty much stand all day and have both foot problems and arthritis.  These shoes are easy for me to get on and off plus they are so comfortable.  My feet and legs are not fatigued at the end of the day.  The toe box has plenty of room so your feet don't get squeezed after putting in a full day.  Gotta love em!!
B000XEW60K Great Shoe I purchased these based on the many good reviews and have not been disappointed so far. They fit great out of the box. I have been wearing them around the house and trips to the store for the last few days.  6-8 hours each day with no issues at all. They are so comfortable I can wear them anywhere. Will use them at work later this week...will see how they do on concrete for 8 hrs
B000XF04LM These are so comfortable I am a size 15.5 and the size 15 fits me perfect for these.  They are made for working in so if you wear light socks ordering a half size down wouldn't hurt.  If you need to wear two sets of socks to keep your feet warm for your work, then the sizes are perfect.I used to go home bad have sore feet every day, I have only had these for two days but last night was the first night in a while were my feet felt great when I got home.I don't really do much &#34;rough&#34; work that requires a work boot, but my office loafers just aren't comfortable.  Thanks Amazon and Timberland for comfy good enough looking boots for the office. :)
B000XF04LM Very comfortable! I've only had these for about 3 weeks now, but my feet could not be happier. The third day I owned them, I ended up wearing them for 14 hours straight and I hardly noticed I was wearing them! I will try to amend this review as time goes on because the sign of a good shoe is not only how it is initially, but how it lasts.
B000XF04LM Just what the doctor ordered! I work in a restaurant environment and am on my feet for 8, 10 or more hours per day. So I was searching for shoes that provide both a high level of comfort and support. I've only worn these shoes for about a week now, but I like what I'm feeling. They were a bit stiff at first, but now that they are loosening up I forget that I have them on. Me feet and arches no longer ache when I get home after a long shift. I did supplement this shoe by adding a Dr. Scholl's gel insert, but that's it. If your feet and arches ache from standing all day long, these are the work shoes that you have been looking for.
B000XF04LM Great work shoe. I have small duck feet (wide) and have a hard time finding my size in local stores. These fit as expected and are quite comfortable. They are also of sufficient style to wear at both of my jobs: factory assembly AND in a retail environment. I have been wearing them 13 hours a day without fatigue or foot soreness.
B000XF04LM Highly Reccommended This is my 3rd pair of the Timberland Pro Titan Work Shoes.  I love them. They are very comfortable, and light for a steel toe work shoe. I'm on my feet 12 hours a day and I don't have the fatigue in my legs at the end of a day like other work boots caused. I would recommend to anyone for any reason. Just a heads up that when they get overly worn out, the sole has a tendency to split.  But that's how you know their shot and you got your moneys worth
B000XF04LM Great boot! Comfort is great and long lasting. The soles have barely been worn down and I am on my feet moving all day long. Most impressed with the leather quality! Would buy again
B000XF04LM perfect great work shoes they take a lot of the pain out of working on a concrete floor for 10 hours a day
B000XF04LM 15 Hours Out of the box! I purchased these after reading some of the reviews and advice from a coworker. When they arrived I tried them on for fit and wore them around the house for an hour or so. I thought all good to wear them to work the next morning. Tuesday comes and my plan was to wear these and take my old shoes just in case. Well you know I forgot to take the old shoes. Then my relief person calls off sick. I ended up wearing these for 15 hours right out of the box brand new,13 hours of that on concrete floors. I'm happy to report they're the most comfortable steel toe shoes I've EVER worn. Buy'em!
B000XF04LM Great work shoe I am on my feet most of the day at work and these shoes are very comfortable. I do not go home with tired feet like I used toI would recommend these shoes to friend
B000XF2TXI Good boots I spent some time in the Navy so I was very limited to the boots I could wear.  Now I am working as a civilian on a Ferry boat.  These boots are by far the best ones I have worn.  I am on my feet all day sometimes up to 11 or 12 hours.  They feel as comfortable as sneakers. We are aloud to wear sneakers in the summertime. But I don't think I will even need to.
B000XF4D1Y Love these I wear these to work and stand on concrete all day. I have bad feet, they hurt all the time.My feet still hurt with these, but not as bad. I'm also breaking in a pair of inserts along with these shoes.They are lighter than expected, comfortable and look good.I will buy another pair if things keep going as they are.Also decent grip in snow.
B000XF4D1Y An excellent shoe My employer has started mandating that we all must wear slip-resistant shoes.  So, I started researching slip-resistant shoes and what better place to start said research than Amazon.My first choice was Dr. Martens.  But, for some dumb reason, Dr. Martens does not make a shoe in the half-size.  WHY WOULD A SHOE MAKER OMIT HALF THE WORLD'S POPULATION FROM BUYING THEIR SHOES BU NOT MAKING SHOES IN HALF SIZES?  This being said, I did narrow my search to two shoes:  The Caterpillar Ridgemont and the Timberland PRO Titan Soft-Toe Lace Up.The Ridgemont was a about $12 less expensive, but there was a review that said the shoe had issues when wearing orthotics (I need orthotics).  It was also available in black, my preferred color.  The Titan had better Amazon overall reviews and no one listed issues with orthotics, but was not available in black.I ended up choosing the Titan because I liked it's looks, expect to have no issues with orthotics, and because of the better reviews.I have to say that I am thrilled with my decision.  This shoe is COMFORTABLE.  And I feel very confident when walking on wet or slippery floors.  The leather is very soft and supple.  Maybe too much so.  A slight drawback is the shoe shows scuffs very easily...maybe because the leather is so soft.At work, where I am on my feet every minute of an 8-hour day, my feet are not worn, tired, or sore by day's end.  And, because my feet are comfortable at the end of the work day, I am not all worn out and tired at the end of the day, either.My only concern is durability.  With them scuffing up so easily, I hope they don't fall apart quickly.  I am assuming that the uppers are genuine leather and will hold up over time.  And, if so, I will be extremely happy.I love these shoes.  They are the best, most comfortable work shoes I have ever had on my feet.  I highly recommend the Timberland PRO Titan Soft Toe Lace-Up Shoe.
B000XF4D1Y Very long lasting shoe It is also very comfortable to wear, and relatively inexpensive. I almost wear them every day, for part of the day.
B000XF4D1Y Outstanding product with great service !!! My name is Greg Gibson from the Poconos of Pennsylvania .I would recommend the shoes to anybody that is on their feet all day they feel like a sneaker I have the support of a boot . Your legs don't get tired ,just a wonderful shoe !
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Pro 47015 Very comfortable and stylish work shoe all day comfort sure footed, I will continue to shop Timberland for its various styles
B000XR2GN4 Engineer So far so good. I have only had them about a week. Very comfortable right out of the box, no break in required. For a big guy that spends all day on his feet that is saying something.
B000XR2GN4 Great Shoes I own a repair shop, I'm on my feet 12 hours a day these shoes are incredibly light and very comfortable also the soles hold up very well. Highly recomended
B000XR2GN4 Awesome work boot! This is an excellent boot for work or casual wear. I stand on concrete for 10 hours a day and at the end of the day my feet don't hurt like they used to before I found these boots. They hold up very well and the only thing I've done is replaced the insoles when they wear out. I just ordered my 2nd pair through amazon.com from shoes.com and I would recommend the boots, amazon.com or shoes.com to anyone!
B000XR2GN4 Very comfortable- Highly Recommend I bought these for my husband since he works as a plumber on a commercial job and on his feet for 10 hours a day. Finding comfortable boots can be a real challenge.  Since "steel toes" weren't requied in his position, we thought to try these.  Right out of the box very comfortable and good support.  Shall see how they hold up for the long term.  Also thought Timberland's 30 day money back comfort guarantee made it a "no brainer" for trying these out. What was there to lose.
B000XR2W1U LOVE these boots! I had been wearing these boots in the brown color for about 2.5 yrs now....heavy wear,some 8 plus hours a day, every other day (I like to switch off shoes). They held up great,but I wore down the sole a bit and my legs ached so I figured time for a new pair.I returned the size 10 I originally ordered. I mention this because the return was easy and only cost me half the retrurn postage (I was refunded the rest). A simple, easy exchange for a larger size (guess my foot grew...ugh).New size fit perfectly and I wore them out of the box for 12 hours straight the first day- no problem at all! My boyfriend was so impressed he bought himself a pair for work as well!
B000XR2W1U Best Boots for Chicks! LOVE these boots!Recently come off a job wearing these babies for up to 14 hours a day EVERY DAY for 10 weeks. They took a beating but my feet have never felt so good or been so protected.Firm, very comfortable fit and, as I have high arches, still had all round support.Highly reccommended!
B000XR2W1U Best work boots I've owned I bought these because safety-toed work boots were required for a job.  I've owned both Timberland and Wolverine boots in the past and was reasonable sure they'd fit properly.The required virtually no break-in period (I wore them out to dinner for a few hours before my first day on the job) and after my first 12-hour shift my feet were comfortable and there were no hot spots or blisters. I was impressed with the soft quality of the leather which I think is part of the reason they required no break-in period, however, because the leather is so soft, the toes of my boots are pretty cut up after just one shift working as a stagehand.
B000XR2W1U Timberland Pro Womens I love these boots, I have been wearing them for years. They fit my feet perfectly. I can wear them all day long and not get tired or achey.
B000XR30FM Great boot I have a pair in black. Wear for work and stand about ten hours a day.  lLove these boots.
B000XR30FM Perfectly Comfortable I had a light brown pair of these for about 2 years and they finally gave out.  Bought a new pair, put them on and comfortable from the get go.  No break in needed.  I work on my feet all day and these really take the beating well.  Thanks Amazon for getting these here in 1 day instead of 2 with my prime account.
B000XR4IXA They are perfect. I am moving on my feet all day These took a about a day to wear in. They are perfect. I am moving on my feet all day, and walking over pipes, hoses, up and down stairs and ladders, around chemicals and water and so far they are perfect. I added some inserts to help with comfort. The back is surprisingly flexible, but I have to be careful not to tighten the laces, as it has this weird pressure point mid ankle. And the tag on the inside still leaves a little green mark on my socks. I've only had them for a few months, but so far I would buy them again next year for my work safety shoe budget.
B000XR4IXA Returned It This is a very soft ride.  If you've ever been on your feet for 8 hours you know what I mean, no support.  If you haven't been on your feet for 8 hours straight, then by all means buy it, you'll love it.  I sent mine back.  Where have all the good, stiff, solid well-made work boots gone?  I guess they went the way of the dinosaur with all the US textile and manufacturing jobs.  Timberland is no longer made in NH,  but China or some place like it.  My old ones never wore out and I bought them in 1985.  My foot flattened out to a larger size and I had to get rid of them.  I'll never buy Timberland again.  My next boots will be Danner.
B000XR4IXA These boots are very good.They are true to size and very comfortable on the feet. I recommend these boots for women who are on there feet all day. I wear mine and my feet are never sore .
B000XR4IXA Very comfortable These boots did not need to be broken in.  They're perfect for working outside and being on your feet all day.
B000XR4IXA Very comfortable, lightweight boots I debated about purchasing a pair of boots online because I like to try on my shoes, but I finally purchased these before a big work weekend because I wanted to protect my feet. Boy was I glad to have had these boots on my feet! These boots are very comfortable and lightweight. With the steel toe, I had no worries about hurting my feet and I was not disappointed. I worked outdoors all day for 2 days straight and my feet felt great after I was done.I wish I had purchased these boots sooner. The online reviews for this product (from Amazon) are reliable in my opinion.
B000XR4IXA Lightweight They are very comfortable, I do wear them  long hours and doesn't hurt or tired my feet, is very light, weather proof, the only thing is the color faded quickly, besides that is perfect. I'm happy with these boots.
B000XRBAAE Great boots Absolutely love these boots...I own a horse farm and need good tough boots to hold up to all the rough wear I give them.  Our aisles are concrete and my feet would ache by days end from walking up and down them.  These boots are so comfortable from the first day you take them out of the box.  They also fit in most stirrups which is a plus for those of us that work horses during our work day.
B000XXGMRO Great shoes I bought into the hype and these boots are worth the money. I've worn them to work (I'm on my feet 8 solid hours a day) a few times and they're really comfortable. They look professional and rugged. I wear an 11.5 and was nervous about buying a 10.5 per the advice of other posts but it's true. The 10.5 fits perfect.
B000XXGMRO Not ideal for flat foot/skinny ankles, but still rugged This boot fit well and looked good. I used it every day over two 4-month periods, walking about 3 miles/day through rain, slush, snow, and ice. The grip was strong enough I didn't slip at all during uphill slogs, and the boot was happily stylish. It might be worth looking into impregnating the boot with some sort of oil to protect the leather, as there are already one or two small cracks. I didn't do this, but will for winter 2015.Unfortunately, I also have two issues with my feet: first, they have absolutely zero arch; second, I have pretty skinny ankles.The boot initially provided significant support to my feet, but deformed within the first three months to the point my feet often hurt a little after walking in them for &#62;10 minutes. Thankfully, I don't generally need to walk far, but it's still frustrating. I expected the leather to hold up a little better than that.Second, while all boots have break-in periods, these guys chafed around my ankles like there was no tomorrow, even with good socks. I now have nice, circular, cigarette-burn-esque marks on my feet. I'm not looking for foot model looks, but damn those blisters hurt like hell.
B000XXGMRO Somewhat disappointing product These boots look nice and that's about it, if you're on your feet for a significant amount of time you're going to feel it at the end of the day. The quality of construction is very disappointing- mine have dried glue smeared between the sole and the boot where it probably oozed out while being compressed, there are some gaps between the sole and the boot as well, and they do not breathe which again if you're wearing these for a large part of the day they'll make your feet sweaty and stinky.  Timberland normally makes great products but this is not one of them.
B000XXGMRO Real nice boot for work or play I found this boot to be very well made, the sole is non slip and very secure, the wookmanship is very good, and I really like the way they fit and feel.  I was able to ware them for 8 hours the first day and they felt good all day.
B000YDBIJU Timberland sandal mens I ordered this pair of sandals for work I work in retail and are on my feet all day the first day I wore them I felt like I was walking on a pillow so comfortable and stylish I would buy another pair in the future....
B000YDG6FQ Sweet looking comfortable boots I bought these boots for work (which is a Home Depot with really hard dense concrete floors) because my feet scream murder day after day. I tried these on in the store being attracted to their looks first off, I also found they are extremely light in the sense that it's like wearing a sneaker. They've also been comfortable and soft since the first day I wore them. For a nice looking comfortable boot stop here and try these.
B000ZK3X86 nice shoe but not comfortable enough for a long walk It's a great pair of shoes and I like them. The only thing is that it doesn't work for a long walk. It hurt me last time I tried to walk for an hour.Great for office ladies though.
B0016ZWIQW Comfy shoes I wear a size 14 shoe, so I usually have to purchase shoes online. Since Timberlands seems to fit well, I usually stick with this brand unless I can find a store that carries my size in other brands (which is rare).I usually wear loafer type of shoes to work, but our office hosted a conference and I needed something just a little dressier.  These aren't exactly wingtips, but they fit the bill for something between slip ons and wingtips.  Anyway, I had planned on wearing them on Monday and if they hurt my feet, I would be in some major pain because I had to be on my feet for most of the day, for two days.Anyway, I was able to wear these both days and did not even have any signs of a blister.  Also, they were completely comfortable for both days. I would happily recommend these for anyone that wants a similar style.  To me, they look exactly like the picture.  Just look through all of the pics on the page to be sure.
B001709TKE Great boot Fits true to size and very comfortable. I wear them 8 hr+ a day and I'm on my feet most of the day.Quality leather, cute with a  skirt or tucked in jeans. I also purchased them in the blue & white color. Love them both!!
B00170C4YM great shoes , true to the size Got them on sale. I'm very happy with this shoes . I have to be on my feet for long periods of time even after 8 hours they did not hurt my feet.
B001760K56 Amazing!!! I usually do not write reviews..but had to for this pair of amazing boots!!I wore these without breaking them in, straight out of the box, 3 days in a row for an event,I was on my feet 12 to 16 hrs a day,they felt light,comfy,and sturdy..No sores,no blisters,no foot ache..Would recommend them!!!!!!
B001760K56 Awesome boots! I love these boots!  I wear them every day to school.  They are so comfy I think I could sleep in them, but they also have structure so I can wear them all day and my feet are still happy at the end of the day.Besides comfort, I get a lot of complements on the style! You won't regret buying these boots!
B001760K56 Excellent boots I bought the Timberland Lexiss Boots in a black color for my daughter who walks a lot in college and when she comes to visit us in NYC.  First day she tried them, she walked around 4 miles and at the end of the day, she was very happy because no blisters! -  They are comfortable - my daughter usually wears size 7.5 or 8, we bought them 8, and feel perfect.  Just waiting for the rain to see how waterproof they are.  But so far, they deserve 5 stars.
B001760K56 Comfortable Boot I usually don't order shoes online because I have picky feet and wear Dansko's to work everyday so my feet are spoiled.  These boots are just as comfortable as my Dansko's.  I love them!
B001760K56 These boots are PERFECT I measured my foot based on the size chart and these boots fit perfectly. I wore them for an extensive amount of time the very first day I got them and there wasn't anywhere that they rubbed or hurt my feet. It's very rare for me to not have to use Band-aids until my shoes are broken in, and thats why I spend a lot of money on my shoes. I need these for winter weather in semi-dressy to casual work environment and these will work perfectly for all, they are the first boot I've loved without a heel as well. I won't fall down in the snow and ice in these and I'll actually look great! I highly recommend them!
B001760K56 Urban Comfort I love boots and live in them in the fall and winter months.  I wanted something stylish and comfortable in a tall boot for day trips in the city or more functional in a natural setting.  These fit the bill.  I can walk all day with my boyfriend and not get tired.
B0019QZFVI Very Stylish My Dtr is 4 years old, she is very much a diva. These boots looks fabulous on her and she wants to wear them every other day. They look great with jeans and a simple t-shirt, true to size and they are comfortable on her feet. I love them, very stylish.
B0019R1CTQ Comfortable and affordable I purchased these boots for my girlfriend.  She works on her feet 12 or more hours a day 6 days a week and has no problem wearing these boots to work.  She wears them at least twice a week.  I would definately get her another pair in a different color.
B001B7FP60 great shoe I purchased this shoe to match the brown one that I purchased some where else and I got to tell you they are very warm and the fit very well and the are very comfortable to ware all day I wore them all day and an amusement park with my daughter and they did not make my feet feel tired and all they actually made my feet feel good after a day at the park.
B001EBA784 A Great Work Boot I have had these boots for over a year and a half. They have been great for working around the construction site and have been comfortable this whole time. I'm on my feet all day, these keep my feet happy.  I've finally worn them out and have ordered another pair. I  recommend  them to someone looking for a reliable, comfortable boot for daily use.
B001EBA784 It you want maximum comfort these are the boots for you! I am very picky with safety shoes and dredd always having to buy them. Timberland pro XL's provide maximum comfort and plenty of room for your toes. I am on my feet a minimum of 10hrs a day and these boots are very good on my feet! Also they are very light weight! Very satisfied with my purchase.
B001EBA784 Timberland I absolutely love these boots!! This is the 4 pair of these boots I have owned and have never had to worry about breaking them in. I can pull them out of the box and work in them for 12 hours and they don't rub or bother my feet at all.
B001EBA784 Light and Comfortable This is my second pair of them for a reason.  They are light and comfortable.  I am on my feet for 12.5 hours a day when I am on shift and it I can only take it in these shoes.
B001EBA784 this is my 4th pair.  i walk on concrete all day after 10 hr. shift  my feet and knees and lower back still fill like i just  got up.timberland store didn't carry in stock i'm so happy i found them on amazon at a great price, and shipping was when they said it would be.  i,m overweight and these boots hold up well, thats why this my 4th pair
B001EBJU82 Not good for wide foot I ordered these boots for my husband to wear to work. We ordered the M pair first then sent back and got the W pair. They were both too narrow for his foot (he wears a 13) They had comfy insoles but said they killed the tops and sides of his feet. He wore the first pair 2 days and they already were so scuffed up I just didn't see them lasting a long time. Maybe if you don't work around wet stuff all day and are not on our feet all day these will be good. May take some time to break in but he just couldn't stand them to wear that long. Also said they were a bit heavy and his knees hurt after walking 8-10 hrs a day.
B001EBJU82 great f***ing boots These boots look good, have almost no break in time, and so far are holding up very well. I work in a welding shop making brakes. I am on my feet for nine hours every day followed by a mile and a half walk home. These boots performed right out of the box with no blisters. Hell yeah.
B001EWFEOK Amazingly Comfortable Boots I had been wearing walking shoes when I needed to be on my feet for more than a few hours at a time, but I have been having problems with one of my ankles, due to six decades of wear and tear.  I thought I would give the Plymouth boots a try as they appear to have good support around the ankle.And, the Plymouth boots have greatly reduced my ankle discomfort.  But, to my surprise, they are MUCH more comfortable on long walks than my walking shoes.  Although the Plymouth looks heavy and bulky, they feel light on my feet.  They provide good cushioning when walking on concrete, and good side to side support when walking on muddy or soft surfaces.In Texas, the 110 degree afternoon temperatures can cause your feet to get hot and sweaty.  The Gore-Tex material and vent areas of the Plymouth keep my feet feeling cool in hot weather, and feeling dry and warm in wet weather.So, a boot I began to wear for longer walks has turned into my "everyday" footwear.  And, so far, the Plymouth seems very durable, with very little visible wear, except at the back edge of the heel.  I'm guessing the Plymouth boots will provide two or three years of good use, before they get "retired" to being "work in the yard" boots.I have average width feet, and normally wear a size ten.  On longer walks, I usually wear thick socks, so my Plymouth boots are a 10.5 wide.  With thick socks, they fit perfectly, and the hooks at the top of the boot permit dialing in the precise tension around the ankle area that I like.  Many shoes and boots fit me too tightly across the top of my foot...the Plymouths fit snuggly, but comfortably from the top down, and from side to side.UPDATE:  After wearing these boots for most of my longer walks (usually on urban concrete), my ankle problems seem to be cured.  For the past year, I have had ankle pain after most long walks...I assumed that six decades of wear and tear had worn out my ankles and I would have to get used to the pain.  The Timberland boots enable me to walk for hours in comfort, and my ankles feel fine the next day.  I always assumed "hiking boots" were for week-ends in the mountains and never considered using them as my "every day" footwear...but the Plymouth boots have changed my mind...I wear them almost every day.
B001EWFEOK Great Boot Great Shoes!Very Comfortable and did not take long to break in.I'm a big man 6'-6" with big feet and always have trouble finding hiking/walking boots that are comfortable and fit my feet (15D). I've been wearing these for a couple of months just about every day and so far they are wonderful.
B001EWFF30 Happy feet :) Good support & padding and very comfortable.My husband is on his feet a lot and often on cement the whole day. He had a pair of these boots previously and literally wore them to shreds. When he finally agreed to replacement them, he insisted on getting the exact shoe and style again. To me, that's a great recommendation!!
B001EWFF30 Great foot wear The first day I used them they fit like a glove no blisters I had dry feet an the end of the day I have worn the almost very day for the last few weeks and can't see myself walking without them
B001EWFF30 There's only one reason why it doesn't get 5 stars from me is  ......... ....... the soles wore out way before the rest of the shoe. Which is both a positive and a negative I suppose. It says a lot about the shoe as a whole but not too much for the soles. I have had a pair of these for 2 years. They aren't my everyday work shoes. I wear them to walk the dog, when I go camping or on weekends all during the fall and winter months. During the summer I go between my tennis shoes and these depending on what I will be doing that day.The most comfortable shoes I have worn. I am 300+ pounds and have massive honker feet (12 EE ). Because of my size I used to suffer with sore feet and most shoes don't last at all . I can walk my dog in excessive of 3 miles now without worrying about how much pain I would be in. I believe they have even helped to get rid of most of the soreness I used to suffer from.I know that I am hard on shoes because of the weight but the soles still should have lasted as long as the rest of the shoe. Like I said, I don't wear these every day.Aside from that they still look great, are still waterproof and the insoles haven't completely crushed like my work boot insoles do. I am looking for a place to resole them for a reasonable cost. Otherwise I'll be buying a new pair before the end of this year.
B001FXZU92 Love these boots! This is my 4th pair of these boots. They look good. They are tough. They tend to last my about a year or more per pair. The safety features are great for work and play..... but that's not the reason I keep buying them. I keep buying them because the ANTI-Fatigue system KICKS ASS!!!! I can literally stand all day long when wearing these shoes and at the end of the day... my feet don't hurt,. my knees don't hurt and my back doesn't hurt. as long as they keep making them, I will keep buying them.
B001FXZU92 Great boots I have flat feet and I stand on concrete all day.  These boots have been a life saver.  I couldn't do the job I do without them.
B001FXZU92 My preferred work boot I spend all day on my feet, much of it on a ladder, and these boots make it feel like there's an anti-fatigue mat under my feet the whole time. I'm sure that is why these things weigh a ton. They really are ridiculously heavy, but they last.
B001FXZU92 Still the Best This is the 2nd pair I've bought. I wear these for work, I'm on my feet 10+ hours a day and just love the way my feet feel in these shoes! The memory foam foot bed is heaven, great traction on concrete, good protection around ankles and great support for lifting heavy weights all day long. I will keep buying these boots for as long as they are made!Lee Carey a cabinet maker
B001FXZU92 Very comfortable and very heavy First things first, these are the most comfortable boots i have ever owned...by far. The fit for me was not the best however with 12 being a bit tight and 13 being a bit to big a 12.5 would have been nice but they don't offer it. I guess over in China (where they are made) people with feet bigger than a 12 couldn't possibly have a need for half sizes like everyone with a size below twelve?!? Although i have found that after working on my feet all day i am not nearly as anxious to tear these off of my feet as my 8inch Danners. They are very heavy feeling which some people may prefer, but i don't. All in all if you don't mind your boots being heavy and the sizing fits you well buy them. I will probably try something different when these wear out.
B001FXZU92 The working mans boot! I am on my feet sometimes 12 to 18 hours a day 6 to 7 days a week in the heat of the landscaping season and these boots are the best boots out there for how long they last, how long the comfort lasts.  I buy two pair every year and my back and feet are very happy becouse of it!
B001G8X0Y8 So comfortable! These are very comfortable sandals. So much so I bought a 2nd pair. I wore them all over Venice, Italy and my feet never complained.The cork bed absorbs shock, which is a plus if you pound the pavement all day long like I do in New York City.
B001GB379I Great Buy! We bought these for my husband to wear to work.I told him to wear them to break them in, but he said the first time he put them on they were comfortable.He spends all day on his feet, and he hasn't complained once of foot discomfort.That is worth way more than these boots cost!We will buy these again when he needs new ones!
B001GB379I Satisfied customer! I stand on my feet for hours on concrete. These boots are the most comfortable I've had in years! 5 stars definitely!
B001JEP3TO You get just what you orderd Well this is going to be short.The shoes are great, awesome soul support, t he are not too too soft but neither are they hard, I sped 15+ hours with them every day and you can't even feel them, pure leather like you would expect from Timberland. Until now no problems besides the fact that being leather and all they get kind of moist at the end of the day, but im a MED student and on my feet all day so I highly recommend them.
B001JEP4F2 Great Great Shoes These are great shoes. They arrived this morning. I am going on a trip to New Orleans in a couple of days; so I wanted to break them in as fast as possible. You don't want to walk around all day in shoes and feet that have not made the necessary compromises for comfortable  coexistence. I wore them all day. From the moment I slipped them on, my feet said they had found a new home. There's a rise in the insole, just back of your toes, that feels like a foot massage with eace step. End of day and no blisters; not even a sore spot. I've been buying a pair of Sperry top siders ( the two eyed ones ) each year for about 20 years now.  It always takes about a week to make them fit. These babies fit like a warm baby's blanket right out of the box. They want $120 for the Sperry's. I don't know how they will fit and wear in a year, but on Day1, they are a much better shoe in every way.
B001L1DBQC comfortable but heavy Like the title says, my feet don't hurt at the end of the day but they are a little heavy. I work outside in Utah every day of the year (100 in summer, slush and snow in the winter) I am also on my feet 95% of the time. These last about a year and start letting water in right at the toe, but i have bought a new pair every year for 3 years.
B001L1DBQC they keep my feet worm all day they keep my feet worm all day good lace up good in the grease & mud snow my feet fleel good in theam
B001L1DBQC Very comfortable Let me just start by saying I have not ever bought anything off the internet that I haven't purchased in a store. That being said this is first time I have bought boots online without trying them on first. Yes they are a little heavy, but they feel great and fit very well. I am a delivery driver, I am in and out of my truck forty plus times a day. I would recommend these boots to anyone who is on their feet all day. I will buy another pair when these wear out!
B001L1DBQC Comfort and quality The boots are very comfortable and light. I do utility construction so mud an shovels are a daily thing and these boots have held up to both better than any other boot ive owned. My feet never hurt as im on them all day, usually 10hr days. As well theyre not too thick for the summer. Ill probably never own another boot.
B001N685XY Nice! Stylish! Work or Casual I was attracted to this Timberland boot because they appreared to have a slightly different style from the other styles!  After trying them on I had to have them! They are very sturdy and comfortable, I know because I'm on my feet all day long. I bought a second pair for casual wear. And I also have other Timberland brands!
B001PBK87I Excellent boot for work or walks. Fit is very comfortable right out of the box. No breaking in required. Walked 2.5 miles the first day I wore them and the boots were very easy on my feet.
B001PUFSW4 Very comfortable work shoe Very comfortable, I wear them 10 hrs every day. Also very light. Fit is true to size. Exactly what I wanted.
B001PUFSW4 Very comfortable These feel wider and longer, but despite I have plantar fasciitis, I can wear them all day and my feet do not hurt. Maybe they are a bit wider and longer because they are work shoes.  I put them orthotics Spenco for her total support  7-8, and they fit ok, I did not have to trim them.
B001PUFSW4 Footzies Love Comfort &lt;3 Love Love Love ,I work on cement floors for 8 1/2 hours everyday ,walking a lot of area.These shoes are the best I have found .They are very supported of the comfort of my happy feet ,look good, light weight ,At the end of my shift its the rest of me that want to relax, feet are still ready to go .I will be buying  another pair soon to have waiting for when I need to replace .I have been wearing these shoes for 3 month and just as comfort as first day ,also the first day well new shoes have a break in not these first night happy feet all the way.You won't be disappointed .A+++++++ 100% Satisfied .
B001PUFSW4 Do not BUY for comfort!!! VERY UNCOMFORTABLE...probably the worst shoes I've ever worn my entire life, no lie!!!  I wear a size 9 the shoe fits, I use these shoes for WORK....I bought this shoe hoping they would last a long time and with the timberland name I was hoping for COMFORT since I work 13 hour shifts at my job and I was HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED....This shoe is terrible uncomfortable...they hurt so bad and for the first month of wearing them, I'd have blisters on my feet everyday when I got off work and even now over 6 months laters I occasionally still get blisters on the back of my heel and my big and little toe and it's not because the shoe is too small...I have plenty of room in them, the insides are just barely cushioned at all and hard so they rub.....I hate these shoes and I hate that I paid over $90 for them because I definitely wouldn't still be wearing them if I didn't feel like I needed to get my money's worth and not waste my money but I'm definitely suffering because i'm a cheapskate!!!....I'm only 26 and I've never had problems or pains in my legs before but the last couple months my feet hurt sooo bad, my ankles hurt, my knees, my hips, and even my back!!! My ENTIRE lower body hurts severely by the end of a work day I can barely take it anymore and Aleve can only go so far! They hurt when I lay or sit down so bad I can just barely get back up and they even hurt pretty bad when I get out of bed in the morning. This pain didn't start until I started wearing these shoes and I hope I save some folks from wasting their money on these because I wish I hadn't! I'm not exaggerating either! I thought if I spent more money on shoes I'd be happier and that's all I bitched about at work the first 3 days I wore these because I was so unhappy and my feet hurt so bad but I spent so much money that I just have to suck it up and deal with it!!! and it sucks!!! I actually need to give in and buy a different pair because I actually have to go to the doctor about one of my feet( my right foot has a knot in the arch?) I'm not sure what it's from or how it got there but it hurts bad and like I said my feet never bothered me until I started wearing these shoes and I'm sure the shoes aren't helping the matters any.... btw...I've worked on my feet for over 9 years and my current job for year 1/2....the leather is not very resistant to grease and oil...my shoes are now black  but that's something that doesn't really bother me, I just wish they were more comfortable that's all but it's too late :(
B001PUFSW4 Vice Grips/Horror Shoe of Pain! Bought these on a recommendation from a friend.  I'm on my feet about 12 hrs/day on concrete and have plantar fascitits.  THESE SHOES ARE THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE THINGS I'VE EVER PUT ON MY FEET!!  They are heavy, rigid, and ZERO shock absorption!  All poor qualities for the conditions in which I must wear them.  I can barely get to 2 of the 12 hours before I'm walking funny due to the pain.  Insoles I've tried thus far do nothing to help.  Don't sake me why I'd need insoles for $100 pair of shoes anyway!  DON'T BUY THESE!
B001PUFSW4 Timberland Pro Women's Titan Oxford I bought these shoes for work I stand on my feet all day and the reviews were great. I usually wear Dansko's but I wanted something higher for winter. They are water proof and the steal toes is nice without weighing a ton. The foot bed is kind of hard so I had to buy some inserts and they didn't take long to break them in about 4 days. They are made very well and the price is wonderful I priced these around and they were all around $100 and over.I'm always shopping for a bargain these days and I would recommend them to a friend.
B001PUFSW4 Timberland PRO Women's 63189 Titan Oxford,Brown,9.5 M Wow, the first pair for steel work shoes that felt comfortable the moment I put them on mid day when I got them and I wore them the rest of the day I didn't need to break them in.Awesome
B001SARJXC very comfortable its a very good shoe and its really worth every penny , very comfortable and u can wear it all day long without even feeling that there is a big boots on u , i recommend it
B001SARJXC AWESOME! these boots are GREAT quality and are so easy to clean. My fiance has big, wide feet so we got the 12 wide and he seriously wears these every single day. After working for 8-12 hours on concrete floors and his feet still not hurting, I'm a believer. We will DEFINITELY be buying another pair of these. well, if they ever wear out. they still look brand new! oh, bonus: they're waterproof. GREAT boot!
B001SARJXC Excellent dress/walking shoe This boot fits my needs very well:1. Must be dressy enough for work - looks good with slacks.2. Must be relaxed enough for casual day wear - looks good with jeans.3. Must be able to walk LONG distances without foot stress - I'm in my 50s and can walk several miles from work to home without calluses or discomfort.4. Must age well so that it stays presentable for work through out its life.I've worked for several California corporations and have never had anyone look askance at my footwear, but I have had coworkers complement the shoes and ask for brand name when they hear how much walking I do in them.Other "comfortable" dress shoes either aren't formal enough (they look orthopedic), or they damage my feet if used for walking (either too heavy or improper sole for walking), or they don't age well (soles wear out, leather tears, etc).I wear the Chelsea 2 to 3 times a week, walking 5+ miles every day.  A quick polish every month or so is the only maintenance.  Each pair has lasted 3 years or better under this regimen. (I replace shoes when they are not presentable, which is well before they break.)However, true walking/dress boots is a recent trend.  There are several competitors that have sprung up in the last 5 years and I have not tried those due to my contentment with this brand, so I might be missing out on an even better design out there.
B0028N7JHO Best welding boot These boots are great. Iv had them for about 6 months. In both hot and cold temperatures and they dont get to hot or to cold. I wore them outside shoveling snow through the winter and did landscaping and stone work in the early months of the spring and summer. They handled every terrain Iv put them through from snow, rain, a stone blast pit, a messy steel structural bridge shop with giving me no discomfort or slips or loss of footing. in the steel shop they were great. They didnt melt at all working on 400+ degree surfaces as they cooled off from sub arc welds and rose bud preheats. No discomfort when jumping off girders from 4+ feet all day and climbing back on them. Drill fluid didnt destroy them even when soaked in spray for days at a time. The leather is only stained from the fluids. The leather was able to with stand SMAW and MIG embers landing on them for long periods of time with no threads taring. The leather even heading up from carbon arc gouging spray and cutting torch spray with no damage. The toe has takin a 4 1/2 grinder hard wheel hit and barely has a mark from it. My feet are comfortable all day in them which is 10 hours a day 50 hours a week on my feet moving, kneeling, jumping, and standing with a 1 hour drive both ways. I ware them more then i do my nikes. They come off easy and are easy to lace and unlace . The back of the heal in solid piece of something that wont tare thru into a hard piece plastic or leather like other boots iv owned have done adding life to the boots. These boots have out performed every boot Iv ever owned from day one. The one down fall and its a very small one is that the first few weeks there was a slight discomfort on the side part of the ankle where  it meets with the feet where the bones connect. The protective inside heal had to form around the bones with use to break them in for your foot. They also have a metatorsoal gaurd in them if your job site requires them which they do for me.  All around Id say this is the best boot Iv ever owned which have been Carolinas, 5 Stars, Red Wings, and just some cheap Walmart boots to hold me over when the 5 Stars melted thru on the soles. These boots get a A+++ and will be the only boot I buy but I dont think ill have to replace them in a long time and there great in other areas of work not just high heat areas or welding areas.
B00295RHV4 Sore, sore feet I ordered these boots after happily owning 2 pairs of the Timberland PRO Titan Safety Toe boots. It was a big mistake to switch styles. The Rigmasters were awfully uncomfortable; the soles of my feet were sore every day, and they gave me a bad blister & bump on the back of my right ankle. I wore them for a little over 2 weeks to try to break them in, but they never became comfortable. Luckily, I was able to return them with the Timberland "30 Day Comfort Guarantee". I ordered my 3rd pair of the Titans, and they were comfy right out of the box.
B00295RHV4 Still Looking for Comfort Nicely made, but not as comfortable as I hoped.  I stand on concrete for 8-10 hrs a day. It would be nice if they had more cushion. They do have cushion but still my feet are hurting.I have only worn them for a week. I had another pair of Timberland pros beforebut a different type and they werecomfortable.I thought these would be likethose.  I'm still looking for a truly comfortableboot.
B00295RHV4 a hard-working boot for a hard-working girl I was a little leery about buying boots without trying them on first.  But I took a chance on these and am very pleased.  I spend 10-12 hours a day in these boots and my feet do not ache.  Ever.  The boots are very comfortable and supportive, and the soles grip well, no matter if I am in our warehouse, in the field, or on a very wet and muddy board road. Very roomy toe box (which means happy toes! no smushing!)-and yeah, they look good too.  If you are serious about your work and serious about comfort, these are the boots for you.  I will definitely buy them again when mine wear out.
B00295RHV4 Outstanding Within about two hours of on-the-job wear, these boots felt like "my boots"--comfy and broken in. I work in water all day and there's no hint of wet feet. Also, I work 10-12 hours on my feet and I don't get sore feet or back fatigue. (At least not from the boots!)  I purchased these based on others' reviews and because I liked their look. Definitely worth the money--hopefully they'll last a long while too. If that's the case, then I believe I've found the perfect work boot. Highly recommended-- (they're true to size too--my husband has a difficult time finding boots because they vary so much in size, I ordered the size I wear in these and they're a perfect fit.)
B00295RIW2 Love these shoes These shoes are great! As a nurse, I'm on my feet for 12 hours, walking many miles a day  and these shoes feel great from beginning to end of my shift. The cushion is comfy and they are snug and more comfortable than any other pricey clogs I own. I'm buying my second pair now to switch up from day to day wear. I recommend them to anyone on their feet for long periods of time.
B00295RIW2 Great for Healthcare workers I love these shoes, but I think they run a little small. I normally wear a 7.5, but had to order up to an 8 because the 7.5s were a little tight and uncomfortable.However, once I got the right size these were awesome! I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts, and when I wear these my feet don't throb at the end of my shift, and I barely have any knee or back pain. They have a lot of support in them and I love that they don't have holes in the top like Crocs do. I don't want bodily fluids seeping into my socks!I wear them with the strap around my heel and never had a problem with them even feeling like they were going to slip off, even when running down a long hall way full speed to a code!
B00295RIW2 Most comfortable shoe ever!!! This is my second pair of these shoes that I've purchased. I love the comfort, fit,and nonslip soles of the clog. I now have them in black and blue.I am on my feet 10 hours a day, concrete floors, foodservice enviroment and these shoes are unbelieveably comfortable.
B00295RIW2 Great comfort, but a little squeaky! These shoes are great as far as comfort goes!  I walk on tile floor all day long and still have the energy to hit the treadmill for a couple miles after work!  My feet do not hurt like they used to.  They are a little squeaky at times though.  Annoying, but the comfort is worth the noise if you suffer from foot pain otherwise.
B00295RIW2 Timberland Pro renova- Best shoes I have ever purchased.  I have had arch and foot pain all my life.  These are the first shoes I have found that my arches do not hurt.  Thank you Timberland.  I plan to purchase several more pair just in case they get hard to find or discontinue.  I have been wearing them almost every day for a year and they show no breakdown in fit from when originaly purchased.
B00295RIW2 Clogs These clogs are very comfortable since I work in the nursing field. I recommend these clogs for anyone who is on there feet for hours.
B00295RJ62 Superb Wonderful Beautiful Shoes for my nursing mom I bought these shoes in blue for mom mom who is a RN. They are beautiful, comfy, stylish and supportive. She is thrilled. She has wide feet, and issues with her toes. Plus being on your feet 12 hours a day for 30 years, her feet hurt. I was amazed to get such a good deal on these shoes. We are thrilled.
B00295RJIU Super Comfy! After getting hired for my first nursing job, I realized my Dansko's weren't cutting it. After seeing these in the uniform store near work, I decided to try these in the wide and regular widths and see which worked best. These have a nice wide toe box, SUPER comfy sueded and cushioned soles, and have a nice bounce to the heel. A great unisex shoe (the men's shoe is exactly the same), these can even be worn after work with a pair of jeans... if you're like me and can't squeeze yet another thing in your work bag.Super comfy shoe - Dansko's should take a lesson from Timberland! At half the price and twice as comfy, I highly recommend these for anyone who needs to stand on their feet for long shifts. After 15 hours, my feet STILL don't hurt... and THAT'S amazing. :)
B00295RJIU Love the way it looks and fits very comfortable and fits perfectly! light and supports your feet. I could wear them everyday without having my feet or back hurt especially at work.
B00295RJIU Great comfort Speaking as a nurses aide, these shoes are very comfortable. No break in needed. I have happy feet all day!
B00295RJIU comfortable i work twelve hour shifts and on my feet a lot other wise and these shoes are really comfortable.  i consider myself having bad feet and from the first day until now my feet have been okay in them.  thinking about getting another pair in black
B00295RJIU Buying another pair! I've had these a month or so and they are the most comfortable work shoe I've found!  I am on my feet alot during the day at work, I can tell a big difference at the end of the day in how my feet feel.
B00295RJIU Satisfied Lot of toe room, no break in needed, very pleased with fit, I highly recommend these to anyone on their feet long periods.
B00295RJIU timberlands These shoes are great. I have a pair of white ones also and they are both very good. I stand on my feet for 8 to 16 hours a day...makes it hard to find shoes that are comfortable. I like these though and will continue to by them.
B00295RJIU Great shoe!!! Took a while to break theses bad boys in but once they were they were so comfy. After a long day, my fight no longer hurt.
B00295RJIU Comfy Cushions I am a registered nurse and I am on my feet a lot. Timberland Professional shoes make me forget that! :) I have flat feet so often have foot and hip pain, but not with these! I bought the leather slip ons and don't have any issues with sweating feet or odor after 14 hours on my feet. The size is perfect. I wear a 41 in dansko and sanita clogs and often a 10.5 in many shoes, but wear a size 10 in these. Can wear with most any sock as well. I don't regret the decision to try these and now am ordering another pair.
B00295RJIU Timberland pro These shoes are very comfortable and light.  My feet no longer hurt and my calfs are not tired after a long shift.  I wish I had invested in these a long time ago.
B00295RJIU Timberland PRO I love these shoes..I work long hours (sometimes 16) and I can wear these shoes all day and my feet never hurt.
B00295RJIU Couldn't be happier I have long and narrow feet. I usually wear a 8.5 or 9 and in these i purchased a 9.5. So you may go a half size bigger.I love these shoes. Normally i don't care to write reviews but I guess I just wanted all those waitresses out there and or managers to know that these are the Ones you are looking for. I feel happier now because my lower back doesn't hurt, my renova shoes are providing plenty of support and care. Never could have spent a better hundred bucks. I love these. I am usually on my feet 8-12 hours a day in them and my feet don't hurt. ( true story)
B00295RJIU Fit as expected The shoe fit, but was very uncomfortable after being on my feet for a few hours.  I bought these shoes because they were suppose to help plantar fasciitis.
B00295RJIU Really loving these shoes!! I got these shoes about two weeks ago for work and so far they are great.  Finding comfy shoes for nursing is a challenge, I am on my feet for hours at a time, and running around all night.  If my feet hurt, even a little bit, my night is ruined.  I have been buying Timberland work boots and hiking boots for years, so I trust the brand and was happy to see their nursing shoe line at my local scrubs/uniform store.I'd been trying to decide between these and Danskos, and wore both around the store while shopping for scrubs...somehow, I just didn't see how the Danskos would ever be comfortable, and who wants to take the time to break them in?  I purchased the Timberlands, and have no regrets.  They were comfortable from the first night.  No break in time needed, they are perfect! I like the way they look as well, no matter the scrub pant style - they look great with the wider boot cut flaired scrub pants, and they look great with narrower styled scrub pants.  They are a nice change from my other shoes...since we wear uniforms, and have to wear white shoes, I like to have several different styles to choose from each day.Highly recommended if you are on your feet a lot and still want a stylish shoe.
B00295RJIU uncomfortable I expected these shoes to be comfortable. I am doing clinicals right now and I am not on my feet for more than 8 hours, and I can't wait to get home and take these shoes off. I can't imagine working a 12 hour shift in them.
B0029XG3OS worth the money. ... I'm still in the process of breaking them in, but, they get the job done. I work 95% on my feet! It wont take long to break them in. Lol. I would recommend them to people who need steal toe boots
B0029XG3OS I love this boot. I cant begin to describe how comfortable these boots are. They were a little tight for about a week but not to bad. now they are like little steel toe clouds on my feet. My feet used to be so tired after a long day at work. Now they feel relaxed like I didnt even work. The one thing I noticed is they were a little warmer than the cheaper ones but not enough that my feet would sweat,I think thats becouse they are waterproof so they dont breath like non water proof ones do. These shoes are a little pricey but are worth every penny. They have not got a scratch on them after 2 months of use. I like them so much I even wear these boots when I am not working.
B0029XG3OS Great Boots I bought these boots for work. I do alot of walking in NYC and Construction. I had the Timberland PROs before and discovered this pair has extra support and I can wear them all day long without my feet hurting. I would recomend these to all construction workers everywhere.
B0029XG3OS easy on the feet they are very comfortable, yet to have worn them to work. but just been breaking them in going elsewhere, but cannot give a bad review very easy on the feet.
B0029XG3OS Happy Feet I was looking for a 2nd pair of work boots to go along with my Bates. I saw the 8" Pro Endurance and thought it was a good looking boot so I gave it a try. I'm very glad I did. This is the best work boot that I have ever stepped into. I have problem feet. Low arches which create aching feet with little standing. I have been wearing medical arch supports. I could not wear my Bates without them or any other work boot for that matter. With these, I don't even need my supports and that's with standing and walking around most of the day on cement floors. I don't know if they will feel the same some time down the road or if I will eventually need my supports but at the moment they are a really great wear. Amazing. They feel very comfortable. Nice soft leather. I really like the rubber toe and heel supports. I've also noticed an unexpected plus. I have a bad walk. I tend to walk on the outsides of my feet which cause the heels of my shoes to wear prematurely on the outside of the shoe. With the Pros. I have noticed that I am walking much more even footed. Pretty cool. The only thing that I cannot attest to yet is the long term wear however, 5 stars for comfort, 5 stars for looks, and 5 stars for construction. I thought enough about this boot that I went ahead, took a chance and bought a 2nd pair just in case they stop making this model and also to alternate with the 1st pair. One thing different. I had to wear a half size larger. When I tried on my regular size, my toes felt squished together. The half size larger made all the difference. I've only had these boots for one week but so far, I love them. I haven't even been able to bring myself to switch off with my Bates.
B0029XG3OS Strong Heavy boots, I wear them 10+hrs a day they don't breathe very well for me, but they are bullet proof
B0029XG3OS the perfect took a couple days of breaking in but after that there great, id suggest inserts if your going to be on your feet all day
B0029XG5YG For the Coal Miners I haven't had these boots long enough to say that they will last a long time.  But so far I really like these boots. They are extremely comfortable, and keep your feet dry. The one downside is they get a little hot when you are on the bolter for 12 hours a day.  I would recommend these boots to a friend as of now. Just have to wait and see how long they last
B002ASAJPG After 2 days of wear still little tight Bought these to worke on barge steel decks all day .After  two day still a little tight  around toes but beside that they are comfortable. Give a couple more for toes to come around.
B002ASAJPG Great The Boots are Great!! You can walk through a puddle without getting wet socks! My feet are no longer sore from standing on cement all day!
B002ASAJPG Very comfortable but on the heavy side Great fit and very comfortable! They only thing about these boot are they are heavy. My work on the railroad and these are great for the ballast and keeping a firm grip on the wet and oily ties but after 3-4 hours of walking your feet get tired. So if you take a few short breaks then your feet should be alright. Wouldn't recommend for heavy walking jobs. But your feet will be comfortable when you wear them and protected and that's the purpose of them.
B002ASAJPG Most comfortable work boots I've ever owned! My last pair of Timberland PRO's lasted me over 14 months of daily use. Or I should say abuse is more like it :) I wore them Mon-Fri for 8-12 hours a day & I weigh 210 lbs! I'm an air compressor mechanic & have been to many different places with the Timberlands. Today I just got to test my new "waterproof" pair in the rain. Feet stayed dry all day! I will most likely buy these again next year. Awesome boots!
B002ASAJPG Very Comfortable Most comfortable boots I have ever worn. They are a bit heavy, but padded so well you'll stand nearly 1inch taller in them. Durability not great if worn in the wet conditions with cement dust everywhere that I wear them in. But still worth it too me for the comfort alone as I am on my feet 10-12 hrs./day. I will continue to buy these boots as long as they are offered.
B002ASAJPG Great boots These are great boots. I'm working outside lots of puddles everywhere, my feet have stayed dry. The anti fatigue really seems to help my feet and legs are not sore at all at the end of the work day
B002ASAKN2 these are awsome boots awesome fit  , water proof , warm .I'm on my feet all day and these boots are comfortable all day
B002ASAKN2 Love the boots!! My husband has been wearing Timberland PRO for years now and loves the fit and comfort of them!! He is on his feet 12 hrs a day and they help lessen the stress on his back and feet. The only problem that he has had with every pair is that over time the sole separates from the shoe. But he does get at least 9 months out of them and that is good considering he sandblasts, paints, is in oil  and power washes on a daily basis!!
B002ASAKN2 Exceptional comfort! These boots feel great, and fit perfectly right out of the box!  I walk on concrete floors all day everyday, and my feet have been hurting from my old worn-out pair of boots.  Not only did these new boots feel so much better, but my feet actually stopped hurting as if they've been healed.  Sounds too good to be true, but what I can say is that I can walk on these hard as hell concrete floors all day now without any pain at all.  Awsome boots!
B002ASAKN2 Huge improvement over Georgia Boot After 8 months my Georgia Boot step-ins were leaving my feet aching bad.After hearing some testimony from a few of the bigger guys at work I decided I'd give these a shot. Got them on the 4th day of a 6 day stint, feet already hurting bad. Combined these boots with some new wigwam socks and my feet stopped hurting 2 hours into the shift. The ache came back towards the end of the day but nowhere near as bad, and there was no pain at all on the 6th day. Now that I've had a few days off to let my feet rest I'm sure it's going to be smooth sailing, just hoping they last awhile.Size wise all of my other boots are usually a 14W, regular shoes 15, so I ordered the 14W and it ended up being too tight. Luckily I have amazon prime so exchanging them was no issue at all.
B002ASAKN2 Best Boots Most comfortable boots I've owned in the 10 years that I've been working. As an hvac technician I'm walking around 8+ hours a day, and since I've purchased these boots, my whole body feels better at the end of the day
B002ASAKN2 4th pair On my feet all day w/ back + feet issues ..Gave these a shot 3 years ago- so glad I did..!!!Of all the different pairs of boots I've owned from other brands these last the longest. Great value .And at the end of my work shift my feet do not hurt at all very very comfortable..I will be very upset if they ever change this product.
B002ASAMCG extremely comfortable. These are great boots... heal isn't too high, Very comfortable inside. Shock absorbing for those with more sensitive feet. Hubby has Plantar fasciitis & with an insert this boot gets him trough a long day at the Lumber Mill. (Metal grating, asphalt, concrete). For those HAVING to be on their feet all day & also having to wear work boots... These are the way to go!
B002NEGCC6 excellent shoes. This shoes fit my feet perfectly. My feet feel rested after wearing them the whole day.I recommend this product.
B002NEGCC6 Comfy! My Big & Tall husband is on his feet for a minimum of 8 hours each day- Timberland shoes have been the best at giving him all day support.  This is his second pair of these shoes.
B002QVGQQS Great boots! Sturdy, very comfortable and fits right. My father loved them, he is on his feet all day. They are true to size.
B002WJHCXU Nice fit = Very comfortable all day This pair of socks fit as well today as the first day I put them on. Very comfortable fit on a mens size 11.5 - 12 foot
B002YOMJPY NOT GREAT These boots were pretty uncomfortable to me. Like walking on a board. If you stand on concrete all day for your job, DO NOT BUY THESE BOOTS. I did not wear them all day on concrete. I merely wore them for 10 minutes walking on carpet and my feet and back were killing me by the time I took them off. Mind you, I have 4 herniated discs in my lower back, and 2 herniated discs in my neck. As well as Marine Corp abuse. These are cheaply made and ill fitting boots.
B002YOMJPY great Because it's exactly what I wanted for work I do a lot of walking on concert for 16 hours a day
B002YOMJPY confortable and not to heavy The boots are very comfortable and light. I do alot of walking and my feet were comfortable the first day wearing them. They are also sturdy which is another plus.
B002YOMJPY Work Boot I work on my feet 9 hours a day and my feet hurt at the end of the day, but not with my new Timberlands. They fit nicely, plenty of room in toe box and heel feel great.Better than I expected by far, considering the price.
B002YOMJPY Best boots! My husband works for a major Hotel chain and is on his feet 8+ hours a day, plus walks miles daily.  He says these are the most comfortable boots he has ever had to work in.  After wearing them for just a while, his callouses went away and his feet don't ache as bad when he gets home.  I have been buying a pair every other month or so because I am afraid they will stop making them!
B002YOMJPY great boot fits extremly perfect as expected from temberland, i bought it in a day and the second day it went on sale...bad luck...but it is well made and comfortable..
B002YOMJPY First day using it was completly awesome, I'm on my feet all day long and ... When I first looked at it I was impressed. So had to put it to the test. First day using it was completly awesome, I'm on my feet all day long and its so comfortable, my foot massager will take a break for awhile. The next test was actually not a test. I travel to work on my motorcyle daily, anyways this day was pouring rain and all that I was thinking was omg my new shoes. After 20 minutes riding in the rain my feet was still dry. Then I realized AMAZON. Got my G-shock watch, helmet, and shoes. Yup amazon never let me down yet.
B002YOMJPY Great hiking boot Used them in Yosemite with some rei wool socks for three days of hikes.  My legs gave out before my feet hurt.  Best pair of hiking I've ever owned but I've only had a pair of Solomon's.  Other than than I've used trail running shoes. This was the first hiking trip where my feet weren't aching the next day!
B002YOMJPY True Fit These boots are comfortable. I wore them for 36 hours straight and my feet really didn't hurt. The soles are comfortable. They do a great job at keeping my feet warm.
B002YOMJPY comfy & durable I luv luv luv these boots! There really comfortable and you don't have to break them in. This is my 2nd pair. I'm on my feet all day at work and they are wonderful!
B002YOMJPY Hard to find These are becoming so hard to find. These are so comfortable to wear all day at work. Please keep in stock!
B002YOMJPY Good fit, very comfortable These boots are incredibly comfortable and the size was true. I am a police officer and wear these all day long, no complaints yet!
B002YOMJPY Lightweight high grip These boots are very lightweight and have good grip. Wore them to work for 8 hours and walked 5 miles on my first wear with no problems. My second wear was for a 4 mile hike the day after several inches of rain and grip was great. They are lightweight and comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Great Fit & Comfortable The shoes fit very well and are quite comfortable. I use them all day and my feet do not feel tired.
B002YOMJPY Hiking shoes I bought these for hiking and I walk approximately 10 miles a day. I wore them to work and found them very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY good boot ever i like this shoes, i wear every day in winter, its very comfortabely, its look goood..... im happy to wear it  ))
B002YOMJPY Waterproof and comfortable finally found a pair of boots that fit my feet, I ordered the 2E size because of my bunion.  I walk about 10-15 miles a day and these have been comfortable daily since I received them.
B002YOMJPY BETTER THAN EXPECTED They fit great and are very comfortable. Price , packaging and shipping were close to none. Recommend this boot to others that need it for being on your feet all day.
B002YOMJPY Love these boots My husband loves the fit, the height and the weight of these boots.  He said they are like having tennis shoes on all day at work.  He is on his feet all day long and has issues with his feet as a result.  He has not had these issues since wearing these boots.  Am ordering him another pair for when these wear out.
B0034G54BM Timberland Boots They are well made and fit wonderfully.  I put them on for the first time, went off to work and wore them all day.  Very comfortable!
B0034G54BM AMAZING STYLE AND FUNCTION! I absolutely LOVE these boots! I'm on my feet most of the day and wore them to work the first time for about 5 hours. Although I initially felt the boot fit a bit snug on my smaller foot, after just walking around in both for a period of time I believe they fit perfectly! I will definitely treat myself to other options through Amazon!
B0034G54BM These boots are not very comfortable. I work in a warehouse on my feet ... These boots are not very comfortable. I work in a warehouse on my feet 10 hours a day and my feet are usually killing me when I wear these boots. I love the way they look but they are too hard in the inside
B0034G558E Just what I've been looking for! Every year I search for the perfect pair of boots, and every year I go home disappointed.  Not this year!  These boots fit the bill in every way.  I work a retail job that entails A LOT of walking on a concrete floor all day.  I have slipped and fallen on my behind wearing boots that did not have sufficient tread, so it was imperative to me that they not only be comfortable, but safe for this environment.  I also had never bought a pair of shoes online so I was very nervous about choosing the right fit.  Although the reviews were mixed in terms of whether they run small or not, I decided to err on the side of caution and go with my usual size in a wide width.  I have only worn them a couple times (not sure they're entirely &#34;broken in&#34; yet), but they are fairly comfortable and hold up for almost the entire day.  I do find that they start to pinch around the widest part of my foot by the end of the day.  To me, this is only a minor inconvenience.  It is so hard to find a comfortable and cute pair of shoes that accommodate my feet with the kind of fast walking I do.  I hope that with a few more wears they will ease up.These boots look like a cross between a riding boot and a biker boot.  I feel like a classy bad-ass when I wear them. They are a beautiful boot, made with the impeccable quality of Timberland.  I saw them on other sites: some were cheaper and some were a lot more expensive.  I didn't trust any of them the way that I trust Amazon, and I'm glad I chose to buy them here.  If you've been looking for a great boot for a long time like I was, these will not disappoint!
B0034G558E Fantastic boots These boots are fantastic! I have worn them almost ever day since receiving them and I haven't had foot discomfort once. I am very picky about what I wear on my feet and these pass my test.
B0034G558E Best. Boots. Ever I took the dare and wore these for the first time on a 3+ mile total walk around Manhattan; expecting to be blistered and in pain by the end of the day--Not only did I get more than a handful of comments by people loving these kicks, but they were SO comfy during my trek that I ordered them in brown later that day.They can be dressed up or down, and they're definitely sturdy for winter and rainy weather.
B0034G558E I LOVE these boots! I just purchased these boots through Amazon Prime.  First of all, I got them for a great price.  But more importantly, the are great boots!  After reading several reviews, I ordered my size but in wide, which I never do.  I'm glad I did so because now they are a perfect fit!  I wore them today for the first time at work and my feet were perfectly comfortable all day!  I work in an elementary school so I do a ton of walking so I was looking for comfort and these fit the bill.  Also, I got complements all day long!  Love tehm!
B0034G558E Fantastic and comfortable I have a large calf and narrow ankle, and these fit wonderfully!  I often have to break in shoes gradually before I can wear them for a full day, but these were perfect from the start, and at the end of the day, my feet weren't tired at all.  The style is a little badass without being overly trendy or clunky, and the 12&#34; shaft is an excellent compromise for someone who wants more than an ankle boot but less than a knee high boot.  I hope to wear them for years to come!
B0034G558E Comfortable Out of the Box I loved these when I put them on - but like other reviewers I was a tad concerned about the sizing. I wear a 7.5 or 8 depending on the shoe/boot style.  I got these in an 8. At first I thought they felt too big, but once I got the right socks on they were perfect. I decided to be daring and wear them to work without breaking them in.  Not a problem! I was happy to discover that these were completely comfortable and I wore them all day without any issues. I would much rather wear boots right out of the box than take weeks breaking them in via a smaller size. I'm quite happy with these.
B0034G55QG amazingly comfy Wonderful boots! I wore them on a trip to Rome for 3 days in a row and walked for hours and hours. My feet did not hurt, the boots did not pinch or anything, really great fit. Unfortunately it was raining and my wet jeans dyed the boots with blue stains, but I still love them!
B0034G5KAC Great buy I normally wear a 9.5 to 10 shoe. I bought these in the 9.5 M. They fit perfect. I love these boots. They look cute, but still have the sturdiness of Timberland. I have worn them only a few times so far (all day too), but each time they get more and more comfortable as they break in to fit my feet.  I am a public transit person, so my average commute requires a bit of walking to bus stops and train stops and these boots have yet to hurt my feet. I think it was worth the $128 + free shipping.
B0034G5KAC Comfy and smart looking. Walked for hours in them first time out of the box and my feet were still happy at the end of the day. Very comfortable indeed.
B0034XS0KM Great look These shoes are pretty good looking, however, they can be a bit hard on the feet if you have a lot of walking to do, traveled with them and it was a bit uncomfortable having them on for the whole day. But they look great and are very strong.
B0035LD2X8 4 months old and looks great Hands down some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.They didnt have this model at the store so I tried a slightly different model and ordered a smaller size as suggested by other reviewers as well. Took about a month to break them in and now I dont want to take them off when I get back home!Worn them every day to work since April and it still looks as good as the day i got it. Be aware that these shoes are not shiny and have a dull finish. I would not abuse them like the regular Timberlands. They look great on jeans or slacks. They do tend to get scuffed easily so I polish them every few weeks. Hasnt rained here in California yet but im confident they will hold up. Great product, thank you Timberland.
B0038JCZ9Y Beautiful and So Comfortable Oh my goodness -  these boots are perfect!  Beautiful, soft leather, especially the floral design at the top.  They have a cowboy boot feel but with a lower heel.  Great with jeans, skirts/dresses, leggings - casual yet easily dressed up.  And most importantly they are extremely comfortable.  I have bad feet (wide with bunions, having had some surgery on both) and rarely find a shoe, let alone a boot, that is comfortable right away.  I took a chance and wore these to work, where I am on my feet all day, and still felt good at the end of the day (I usually can't wait to take my shoes off!).  I think they do run small though.  I usually wear an 8 1/2 but ordered the 9 in these (they were $50 cheaper - ?)and they fit perfectly.  Thank you Timberland (and Amazon for selling them $50 cheaper than anywhere else and getting them to me right away)!
B003A4T4A0 The best work shoe I have owned.... Period! I have worn this shoe for about three years of being a retail auto part  store manager having to stand on my feet for 12 hours a day without sitting down! I have high arches and had orthopedic arch supports as a child. So i am very tough on my shoes as they tend to wear thin going inwards. I also have arthralgia related to another illness I have, 2 knee surgeries, a broken heel and torn ligaments in my ankle, I believe I have come to take my footware quite serious and am somewhat of an expert on the matter. Look, I have even tried some highly recommended Rockports that the soles didn't even last 6 mos at my job! Believe you me I have bought these shoes 2 about to be 3 times and they have taken a beating! Even if I switch styles I will stick with the Timbo Pros! I love them! Try them on for yourself!
B003A4V78C best work shoe ive bought I'm a restaurant manager and I'm on my feet 8-12 hours a day. And these shoes are great. They needed no break in time, they re super light weight and easy to clean. Definitely worth the price!
B003A4V78C Great Shoes Had them for a couple weeks and for a job standing 8-10 hours out of the day running between a kitchen that tends to have a slippery floor and a busy traffic environment, these shoes are top notch. My feet don't hurt, I can even walk home and not have my feet hurting after working all day. Thank you Timberland and everyone for your helpful reviews!!!
B003A4V78C the only one I will ever wear I work 8-12 hours a day in these and im in no hurry to take them off at the end of the day. There was no need to break them in as the leather was soft. Probably one of the best purchases I've Made while working in the restaurant industry. I tell everyone I work with how great they are and no longer have sore feet at the end of the day. The one and only problem I have is the breathability but that is expected with a nive leather dress shoe.
B003A4V78C Painful The quarter and backstay of the shoe were digging into my ankles by the second day of use. I could barely walk on one leg it was so painful (I work very long hours in a restaurant on my feet). I was very disappointed in these shoes, especially after reading all of the 5 star reviews (I filter everything I buy on Amazon by 4.5+ star reviews). These shoes also ruined the toes on a few pairs of dress socks. Strange part is, they fit perfectly. Not too wide, short, or long. Just poorly designed.. at least for my feet.
B003A4V78C Best work shoe Perfect fit, good support and comfortable. Only wish there was a little bit more padding around tongue and collar. I'm a restaurant manager and the non slip features are great.UPDATE!The padding issue that I had originally complained about was gone by the second complete day of use.After using these shoes for four weeks(more than 20 times),10-12 hours on my feet in slippery kitchens and dish stations,being proud to wear them in front of all of our guests,they are the best work shoes I have ever owned(and that's A LOT).
B003A67X5G Love them I wear them as an office casual shoe around the office. I ordered a 10.5, when I usually wear an 11 in Timberlands, and they fit great. I have plantar faciitis, which flared up big time when I wore my usual ZERO support bicycle toe oxfords. Some days I'm on my feel ALL day, and other shoes with less support would have murdered my feet. Not with these. As a bonus, they're super lightweight, and breath pretty well (cool summer feet!) probably owing to those elastic side panels. Which haven't stretched so far, btw, and I've been wearing them daily for a bout a month, about 10 hours per day. Great shoe, and great price on Amazon.
B003A67X5G Free at last!!! These are the most comfortable work boots I have ever had. After a 10 to 12 hour shift on my feet all day, I feel great.
B003A67X5G very comfortable These boots are dressy enough to wear in an office enviornment and comfortable enough to wear all day long.  They also can be dressed down and look good with jeans.
B003A69RS2 Great Shoe Standing for 8 hours a day at a copy center and my feet feel comfortable and relaxed. Good quality and style.
B003A69RS2 exactly what i was looking for This shoe is comfortable and is great for long hours on your feet. I have worked many a 12 hr shift in these and little pain in the feet at the end. The non slip works like it should, and have to be careful if i happen to wear a different style to work. I would buy these again or a similar style from the same manufacturer.
B003A69RS2 very comfortable I bought this shoe because I got a new job as a salesman. My previous dress shoes hurt my feet and had me coming home with sore feet. But these took all the pain away, they look nice and I have no problem doing long shifts now.  Only thing was they came a bit larger then what i was used to for my size but nothing I couldn't work with
B003A69RS2 Highly recommend Good looking shoe, that's airport safe. There's no break in time...wore them all day, and my feet felt perfectly fine afterwards. I would recommend them over similar styles offered from Dr. Maarten's. These are a better fit, breath better, and are cheaper.
B003A6FGFU comfort plus Great shoe.  I work 12 hr shifts on concrete and my feet and legs have never felt so godd at the end of the day.
B003ARR3YQ FANTASTIC BOOT DRIVING A TRUCK ALL DAY AND IN AND OUT IS HARD ON YOUR FEET. THESE BOOTS ARE THE BEST, BETTER THAN OL' REDWINGS AND A BETTER VALUE. BEING DIABETIC YOU MUST WEAR SHOES THAT HAVE EXTRA ROOM . THESE BOOTS FILL THE BILL, AND I HAVE TOLD OTHER DRIVERS ABOUT HOW A GREAT VALUE THEY ARE. FANTASTIC SUPPORT. I WILL BUY ANOTHER PAIR.
B003AZZJLW Clogs are very good and comfort These clogs are very comfort and fitting to my feet i have to get the wide side of shoes these are very formed to my feet
B003AZZJYY Great quality but DO NOT underestimate how narrow these are!!! I actually had to send my pair back.  The quality of materials and construction of these boots is very nice, however, they are not meant for us folks with wider feet.  I ordered the 9 wides and wore them for half a day and my feet were cramping and in pain.  It's sad but be warned...if you have wide feet then I'd just go with a different style altogether and save yourself the time of having to send these back.
B003ELOZSU cold feet My feet sweat in these and then my feet freeze all day long, looking for another pair of boots. Bad deal
B003ELOZSU Timberland's MountHolly Review These boots are cute and comfy.  I'm a full time student and need to walk at least 15 minutes just to get from my house to class on any given day, wind, rain, shine, or snow.  I haven't had to test them out in snow yet.  They're comfortable and surprisingly breathable (not something i usually think about with boots, but it occurred to me the other day when I got home, took them off, and found that my feet didn't have that gross sweaty feeling of being in boots all day - the weather wasn't particularly cold that day either).  They're easy to put on and take off once you adjust the laces to your liking.  I have somewhat narrow feet so I haven't had the problem with the toe box that other have had.  I also ordered the boot at my usual size and they fit fine, even with socks.  Again, I have narrow feet, so, keep that in mind when you read this.One issue I had with these boots is some discomfort where the rubber meets the boot in the back of the left boot over the achilles.  The rubbing has diminished somewhat over the last few weeks, but I still feel it a little.  Only the left boot had this issue.  The right one is fine.
B003HLI3B2 Awesome work shoes! I work at Tilted Kilt and these shoes are great. I can wear them for long hours and feel comfortable with hardly any soreness in my feet at the end of the day. These are a good investment!
B003HLJETC First pair of heels EVER that I could wear all day and evening! This is the first time I wore a pair of heeled shoes since my back injury 14 months ago. On day one, at 8am, I wore them to work, which consists of getting in and out of the car 6-8 times a day, walking, and standing stationary. Then I wore them out to dinner straight from work. They did not come off my feet until 11:30pm that night. Did my feet/legs ache? Nope. I am sold. The quilting on this shoe adds cute style for the fall and winter months. They were true to size for my 9.5B foot.
B003HLJETC We need more like these! These shoes run small, which is why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5. I wear an 8-1/2 in dress shoes, 9 in sneakers so I ordered the 8-1/2 in these and they were snug. I kept them because I thought they would stretch but they really didn't. They are very comfortable and I can sail all around the diner I work in without fear of slipping, even on wet floors and in kitchen grease. I ordered mine in June or July and they are still in great shape but I am ordering another pair because some days if my feet swell they are just too tight by the end of the day. I think they may be losing some of their "cushion", too, but I've been wearing them 6-7 days a week for 10 hours a day so I'm happy with what I got for my money. Now if only someone would make a fashionable slip resistant dress boot to wear with skirts...
B003NUQWW4 Good purchase I gave these as a gift.  Here's the recipient's comments:I have worn the boots approx 4 times where I have actually donesome walking for a significant amount of time.  They do have to be broken in.The first time I wore them the steel toes were uncomfortable but afterthe 3rd time wearing them, the toes were much more comfortable.  Thefirst time I actually wore them all day to work and did a lot ofwalking, my one heel almost developed a blister.  Thisalso passed after the initial discomfort. Right now, I'm not lacingthem all the way up until they are broken in a bit more....the tops arestiff when laced and irritate my ankles.  That will pass.  In short,they are a lot more comfortable now and they are very warm.  Also,they are very well made -- should last a long, long time. Havereceived comments from several of the guys here at work about theirlooks and where I got them.  I couldn't be more pleased with them  --It was a great gift...June 2013: Saw the recipient.  Asked about the boots.  "Wonderful!  Worn every day; hardly look worn."
B003NUQWY2 Timberland Pro Magnus Work Boot Have read about these workboots in several reviews. Made my purchase and received them very quickly from Amazon. From day one these were the most comfortable work shoe I have ever worn. Day two of wearing this boot felt like they were completely broke-in. I'm in these boots 12 hours a day on concrete and my feet and legs never felt better. Highly recommend trying these boots for outstanding comfort.
B003NUQWY2 ungodly uncomfortable,..... ungodly uncomfortable,....after day 2 working in these boots i said no-more, no-more will i wear these, save your money find a different boot, the tongue and ankle areas are well padded and feel good, but that's it, thats why these receive 1 star, i work 8 to 12 hours on concrete floors in a busy industrial work-place and these boots hurt all day long, no lie, i even after day 1 bought top of the line sof-sole air/gel insoles, hoping that would do the trick, and nope nothing,......alittle hint under the ori. tim insole there is a metal rivet right at the heel point in which adds to the discomfort, i swear to god in all my years in industry my feet, knees, and lower back has never hurt as much as in the 2 days i've been wearing these, i'm just reveiwing this timberland product, not there other lines they have. Funny how alot of guys i work with love timberland product's, hopefully 1 of them will buy these off me, WISH herman-survivors still made real work boots like they once did that i once could pick up at my local wal-mart
B003NUQWY2 my new boots I've been working out of my home for 12 years now. I repair equipment all day long and am on my feet constantly.I have been buying cheeper boots from a big box store.I have recently had problems with a toe on a foot.  the doctor said to get a boot with a less flexible sole.I saw these boots at a work boot store but the price was much higher.I checked out Amazon and found them for 1/2 price.They fit well and are comfortable all day long
B003NUQYC2 Super Boot Fit was good out of the box - after 2-3 days and given a chance to get broken in fits like a glove - feet feel good at end of the day - spend hours at a time on my feet on the farm and so important that the boots wear well - pleased with the look and anticipate long life with them - very pleased with product and the price was at least $25 less than competing web sites
B003NUR6CE Timberland Pro Boot The Timberland Pro are very comfortable while working an 8 hour day of working around on a concrete surface. All of the items that I have purchased from Amazon I am very satisfied with them. Keep up the good work of having so many products to choose from.Thank you.
B003TFEA5O Love these boots! I bought these boots to be my go to for a 11 day trip to Japan. They worked out great and didn't hurt my feet. There was no break in period at all. They do scuff up pretty easily, but I don't care. They still look nice and I get a lot of compliments on them. I bought a size 8, but could've easily gone with a 7.5. I wanted wiggle run for extensive walking and thick socks.
B003TFEA5O Love these Boots! I have two pair, in black and brown. I wear these more than any of my other shoes and boots. They feel great and I can wear them all day and my feet do not get tired.
B003UFJCP6 Timberland Women's A-Lounger Boot Just wore these a couple of weeks ago... they were almost like wearing tennis shoes.  Pretty comfortable to wear all day.
B003UFJCP6 I now have these Timberlands in all available colors... These are THE most comfortable booty-type boots I have ever owned! I have problems with plantar fasciitis and can only wear very comfortable shoes. I can stay on my feet wearing these for hours at a time.  I was tired of wearing running shoes everywhere, so I tried these Timberlands and found them to be absolutely what the doctor ordered for feet like mine.  I bought my first two pair from another vendor, but couldn't find the chocolate brown ones in my size until I found this seller on Amazon.com.  I am not disappointed.  I live in these boots, and I don't even have to wear my shoe inserts with them.  There is arch support and heel cushioning at just the right places.  I would never wear them for a long walk or workout, but for working an 8 hour day, or 3-5 hours on my feet, or walking in the normal course of daily activities, they are absolutely perfect!
B003XHH0W8 Timberland Mount washington Chelsea Boot My husband has only worn them a couple of days. He says they are comfortable since the day he put them on. We always buy a good boot because he is on his feet most of the day. I really like the oiled finish and was trying to get something like what  he had previously. First time for  Timberland, if they hold up they are a winner.  P.S. They fit so much better after he removed the cardboard.
B003XHH0W8 Great workboot Very comfortable boot.  Feels like you're wearing a sneaker all day.  Easy to slip on in the morning when going to work and easy to slip out of at the end of the day.The only gripe I had with these boots are the sole.  I work on a military camp so I walk around on rocks all day long.  After a while the heels of the boots developed small tears and I would obtain small rocks walking around.  Its expected with the conditions but frustrating nonetheless.  Looking to get them resoled and continuing to wear them.  Well worth the money, would like another pair if they had them in a desert sand color.
B003XHH0W8 Great, Great , Great!! Love them so far. I have only had them a few days, but very comfortable. I wear an 11 and ordered an 11. They fit good to just be ordered. I might would try on a 10.5 in a store before I left with an 11, but I think it would be too small so I would order what you usually wear. Other than that they are great. I read one review that talked about the sole being separated from the insole, but I think that is just the way these shoes are made. I love them so far and will let you know if something goes wrong......Update:Where this started as 5 Stars, it has quickly went to 3. They look great in my opinion and still fit fine. I am on the concrete 9 hours a day and by the end of the day my feet hurt! BURRRPPP FLOP FLOP. HEHE :p I think that the shoes should have a much better insole to them. For the price I don't expect to have to go get upgrades, but that is exactly what is going to happen. Other than that, there is no complaints about quality. Disappointment about the concern for the customer here. Insoles are a hard as the concrete. I guess if you walk on grass or carpet most of the day these would be great.
B003XHH0W8 I'm pleased with these boots. As I've gotten older, my feet have gotten larger for some reason.  A good fit is hard to find anymore, especially when ordering them sight unseen.  These fit perfectly, and didn't need breaking in.  They are very comfortable and I wore them all day on pavement on the second day.  No problems.  I live on a ranch, and have not been able to find the sort of work boots I wanted.  These fill the bill, and when dusted off are fine for casual wear.  I like them a lot.
B00411U7XO Very pleased Very comfortable ,they are exactly what I wanted.I can wear them all day without a problem.I would recommend them to a friend.
B0049N3S58 Very comfortable! I purchased these for work, and I have to say they are extremely comfy! I spend on average 7 hours out of 12 hour shift.
B0049N3S58 ahhhhh Got these boots on 11/30 and wore them the same night at work. And it was raining too. Very very comfortable and my feet remained dry. Unless you have jacked up feet there is no breaking in process of these boots. Out of the box and on to your feet. Very comfortable during my 10 hour shift. Even showed them off to my co-workers. Going to get another pair If you are in law enforcement or equivalent these Timberlands are a nice boot to have. Timberland has a great name/reputation too so you cant go wrong..
B0049N3S58 Lightweight and Comfortable. I wait tables from 8 to 14 hours a day and these are the boots I wear to keep going. From the outside, they look heavy and uncomfortable. But wearing them is the complete opposite. Timberland is a brand that has earned their good reputation.
B004J2HSIC Nice Boots I have worn these boots everyday for a week for 16 to 18 hour a day.  I have also been on my feet a lot this week and my feet have not been sore at all.  I am very pleased with these boot so far.
B004J2HSIC Comfortable-ish Ive only had the chance to wear them a few times but the fit very well and are getting better as they break in. Wore them to play pool for about 3 hours and feet never hurt.
B004J2HSIC So far I like them I never have purchased shoes online, always figured it was something I would want to try first, but this sale came up on these boots and I rolled the dice.  Typical quick shipping by Amazon, which is so common its boring, until things don't ship as expected than I get cranky!  I have never worn boots this high on the leg, over the ankle before, but I loved a pair of Timberlands shoes I bought over 10 years ago (still going, if not strong after a puppy attack at the 7 year point, at least holding on and they are so comfortable I can't bear the idea of getting rid of them), so wanted to give these a try.  They are not too heavy, compared to dedicated hiking boots I own, yet provide pretty firm support for the ankle.  The first day I wore them they were fine till about the 4-5 hour point and than my right leg started hurting right where they leg meets the top of the shoe, not horrible pain, but annoying level pain.  Was worried this would not be a good fit, but figured all decent weight and supportive boots I have ever owned have needed some level or breaking in, so I kept at it.  Another day or two of 5-8 hour each day and the pain was gone, either I got used to the contact or the shoe broke in a bit or both.  Now I can go all day with them without discomfort.  They seem very well made, have not tested the waterproof part and live in pretty warm area so don't know about the warmth factor.  But for wearing all day for work when I am walking around they have been nice, and I bet they get better with age, when someday they will fit "like an old shoe".  Very happy I picked these up on the gold box special. Hope they hold up as well as my last pair of Timberlands.Pros - Look very nice, comfortable after some break in, light in weight, appear well made.  I wear a size 9 for 80% of shoes, ordered a 9 and they fit fine.Cons - Mild pain first 2 times I wore (but have never worn boots this high so maybe my acclimation), shoelaces similar to last several boots/shoes I have gotten, they don't seem to adhere to themselves and loosen almost instantly unless I double knot, but this seems typical with these laces these days, not sure why, but it does irritate me.
B004J2HSLY so comfortable I bought these for work, used in a hotel maintenance job.slip on and off with ease.very comfortable as i walk on concrete all day.
B004JZPRWS Style and comfort These are typical Timberland quality.  They look great and are comfrotable even if you are on your feet for long periods of time.  They are casual enough to wear every day and dressy enough to wear to the office.
B004K24O24 Comfortable. I've only had these for a couple of weeks, but they are very comfortable.  Even from the first day I got them, they were good enough that I could wear them all day and even take a 1.5 mile walk on my lunch hour.  They are getting better though now that they've had some time to become more flexible.My only complaint is that the tread does tend to pick up small stones which could scratch some floors if you are unaware of it.  I just take a second to check them before set foot on something that might get scratched such as a hardwood floor.  If you don't tend to wear shoes in the house, this wouldn't be a problem.
B004K66PAE Absolutely worth the money! I have been searching for months for the perfect pair of casual boots- and I'm a picky girl. They must be stylish, but comfortable and must fit my feet well without the use of thick socks/inserts, etc. These boots were exactly what I was looking for and more! There was no &#34;break-in&#34; period: Day 1 I wore them for 3 hours and Day 2 I wore them for 5+ hours on a concrete floor. I had no blisters and no cramps or pain in my feet, ankles or knees. I highly recommend spending the extra money for these, you won't be sorry!
B004KQ0VXG Pleased with my purchase. Great fit and true to size!I work 10-12 hours a day on my feet and wore them without breaking them in, taking a spare pair of shoes to change into when my feet started to hurt but it never happened. Actually I wore them again the next day.I will be ordering them in black next.Great boot!!
B004KQ4IWG comfy boots I have these boots in all three colors now.  So comfortable, you can wear all day from the first day!
B004PNE720 Great work boot As far a comfort goes, this boot is like a cloud. Im on my feet for around 6-8 hours a day. These boots are lightweight almost as if you are wearing shoes. Great ankle support. It has saved me from a sprained ankle many of times. This is my 2nd pair and will buy a new pair every year as long as Timberland makes them. My only complaint is that the leather is soft. So they do scuff easily, but remain waterproof. Highly recommend.
B004PNE720 love these boots I bought a pair 2 years ago and I have liked them since trying them on at the shoe store. I work in flooded boiler rooms, around fuel oil , high temperatures, dirt mud soot.. you name it and my boots have been through it. I also weld a lot and these boots provided great protection. The only problem I had was the way the out sole is physically attached just glued on so it came loose in spots. This boot was so comfortable I wore them after work as a tennis shoe. These boots where on my feet for up to 20 hours a day and I never felt the need to take them off. I unfortunately set these boots on fire by accident by standing in a camp fire moving logs with them. The outs soles completely melted so I decided to try another boot. I bought a pair of red wings and within the 3 days I have worn the red wings I really miss my timberland pro helix. I would recommend the timberland helix to anyone on their feet all day and need the comfort. Like I said these boots became my only shoe. I would buy these again after I see how the red wings hold up. So far I don't like the red wings.
B004PNE720 Excellent boots The most comfortable boots I have ever worn. I walk over five miles a day and on my feet for 12 hrs a day and my feet never hurt. no back pains or any discomforts from the steel toe. Water proof and durable I recommend these boots to everyone on the job. Many have purchased these boots after the recommendation and they love them.
B004PNE720 Comfortable These are some of the most comfortable work boots I've ever owned.  They have great all day support that doesn't make my feet tired.
B004PNE720 Painful break in time, possibly going back to the Titans I bought these to replace a pair of Timberland Pro Titan boots that I had about 14 months on. One day the sole finally split. I only noticed because I walked through a puddle and my foot felt wet a little while after. My only complaint about the Titans is that the insole wore out after 6 months and I started having lower back pain from then on with the boots.  I stand on a concrete floor for 9 hours a day as an automotive technician and need something to keep my legs and feet from feeling tired after a day on the concrete shop floor. I thought I would try the Helix because of the anti-fatigue sole.First time putting on the Helix was a little difficult getting a comfortable fit, without the boot moving around. I've noticed that you cant tie Timberland boots too tight. Other wise they will cause pain around the ankles. The active heel lock loop was digging into my ankle and causing pain, even not when tying them tightly. I took my old pair of Titans to work with me, just on the off chance that I was in too much pain. Its a good thing I did, I had to change into my old Titans after 4 hours. My heels and arches were in pain, making it difficult to walk. The next day, I tried to wear them again and got through the full day, but then ended up not wearing them again for another 2 days after that. Each time I wore the Helix, the pain in my arches decreased as the boots broke in and my feet got used to them. However, now after having them a full month, they still cause my heels slight pain if I put all my body weight solely on my heels. There is no pain when I am walking though. I also still have an occasional problem getting a snug fit that isn't painfull, but still doesn't let my heel move around.I do a good amount of water leaks on vehicles (that is water entering a vehicle passenger compartment after a car wash or rain storm). After my first pair of Titan Lace-to-toe boots that were not waterproof, I got the regular Titans that had the Titan toe and were waterproof. They were excellent at keeping my feet dry during a water test. These are no different. I've never had wet feet wearing waterproof Timberlands.I may update this as time goes on and the boots wear more. At this point however, I think when the end of the year rolls around, I am going to be purchasing a pair of Timberland Pro Titans, not the Helix.
B004Q01HZM problems I wear these Shoes for work every day, they seemed comfortable for the first couple of weeks but now I'm having knee pain and ankle pain as well pretty frustrated. I think I'm going to have to throw these out and get a different boot
B004RQ1GPG Timberland Pro Helix- Great Boots!! I purchased the Timberland Pro Helix boots for working and they have been great. There have not been any sore spots or rubbing anywhere on my feet. Some other boots that I have purchased required breaking in before they would feel good to my feet, but not these, they have felt good on my feet from the first day I wore them. These boots have the anti-fatigue feature and I would say it works. I work ten hour shifts and my feet do not hurt at the end of the day. Overall these have been some excellent boots for me.
B004RQ1GPG very comfortable work boots I am on my feet 12 hour a day on concrete and my legs and back do not ache at the end of the day
B004RQ1GPG comfortable If your on your feet all day and must wear boots then these are for you.  My feet never bother me after a long day.  They break in very nice stretch a little but not to much.  Overall as long as they make them I'll wear them.
B004RQ1JH6 12 hours a day 6 days a week I wear these shoes all day, 6 days a week. I've been wearing the same pair forever and I will ONLY buy anything but the Timbo Gladstones from now own. I swear these are the most comfortable work shes ever!!! I bought them locally for about the same price.
B004RQ1N8Q Best comfort If comfort and good wear is what you like. You'll love these. If its style then go buy some high heels and mini skirt. These are the ,ost comfortable on your feet all day,  they are a heavy shoe.
B004RQ1N8Q Love it I only wera Timberland Pro boots.  They fit comfortably right out of the box.  Last a long time.  Im on my feet 10 hours a day in a welding fabricating shop.  The floor is concrete.  I have no leg or back pain with these.  I do change the inserts once in a while and that extends the life of the boot. I would buy these again.  Amazon has great prices.
B004RQ38B6 Surprisingly comfortable even after wearing all day on the first day I did not expect these to be so easy to wear but I wore these for 10 hours walking on cement all day and came out of it without any blisters. Yes they are heavy and my feet were tired but not in pain or broken.
B004RQ3GAE Very tight fit Feet hurt I gave these boot away after a few weeks. The fit was way too tight for my feet and my feet hurt because of this issue. These boots are very slim on the foot.
B004T19U7U timberland willow 48 old year waitress on my feet 10 hours a day these boots are true to size don't hurt my feet and look good like them so much I bought a 2nd pair
B004XYPKR2 Heavy and perfect for athletic shoes Nice fit and a good looking sock.  They stay put.  I have very fussy feet and they keep me comfortable all day.
B004ZCE19U Badass boots These boots are high quality and look good. Theyve stood up to everything and I can wear them all day. Even after a long day just clean them with water and theyll look great again.
B0052A6Z70 Comfortable These Boots are pretty comfortable. The only problem I had is that it took 10 days for delivery. I Ordered them Nov 1st and received them on the 10th. I wore them Monday November 12th for the first time at work (I'm a Garbage Man) and today. I do a lot of Jogging while working, pretty much all day and so far so good. I work 10-12hr days, sometimes longer, sometimes shorter depending on the day. By the end of the day with my previous boots, my feet would be achy and tired. These boots take care of that problem for me. I don't know how warm they'll be until it snows and gets colder (In Chicago it's been in the low 30s) so I'll have to get back on that. Along with these boots I purchased Wigwam Men At Work Socks and those are also pretty comfortable. Overall Good Boots. Worth $80 in my opinion but not complaining.Pro's - ComfortableGood LookingOutsole has Good GripWaterproofCon's - Delivered 1 day past estimate (Not that big of a deal, things happen)Side Zipper tends to lower
B0052A7F2Y Very Comfortable When I first tried on was in our hospital but they didn't have my size.. Having had some bad experiences ordering shoes offline I was skeptical,  I would have to say thus far the most comfortable nursing shoe I have ever worn.  I was so surprised at the end of the day my feet didn't hurt at all.....Love them
B0052A7F2Y Great FIt. Will buy more from Timberland!  Comfortable to be on my feet for a long day in the Operating Room.  Will recommend these to friends!
B0052A7F2Y really uncomfortable impossible to make these shoes comfortable for my feet. they have bumps on the inside top of the shoe that hits the tops of the toes. if they were not there these shoes would have been heaven for my feet. gave them away after day 2.
B0052A7F2Y :D these shoes are very comfortable. i work 8 and 10 hour days, and my feet and legs do not hurt as much since i have started wearing them. when i first tried them on it was like stepping into heaven.
B0052A7F2Y ouch these shoes were terribly painful. I've been trying to break them in for a month and a half now at work, and now my feet have bunions and hurt every day even when I'm wearing other shoes.  The problem with them isn't size so much as the rubber material they are made out of is so hard that it can't be broken in. my feet run on the wide side so it usually takes me about a week for any work shoe to stop rubbing uncomfortably.  These shoes are beyond uncomfortable.
B0052A7F2Y Great work shoes These shoes are great for people who are on their feet all day.Nice cushioning in the heel, and the front sort of rocks forward tohelp you walk with ease. The material wipes clean easily and is lightweight.Just the other day I was complemented on them from a coworker!The back strap holds your foot in securely but can be work withoutwhen you want to slip them off when you are on break.
B0054HM5AM AWESOME I had a pair of these two years ago and I had a hard time finding them again. I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are awesome. I've tried other shoes and my feet were always bothering me. But Amazon had them. I love them and would recommend them to everyone, if your on you feet all day they will be your best friend.
B00552LUDO very comfortable normally my feet hurt a lot after a eight hour shift, but these shoes have made so i can work all day without having to worry
B00552LUDO great shoes to work in i have quite wide feet and they dont even come in a wide size but they fit quite nicely. the insole is verry cushony and comfortable. i work on my feet 10-15 hours a day and my feet dont hurt very badly at all after unlike alot of other chefs clogs on the market!
B00552O2CA comfy The shoes are not extremely attractive but they are exactly what we needed.  They are sturdy, slip resistant, and very comfortable. Great for a 10 hour work day.
B0056QVSQ8 Awesome work shoes! I'm on my feet all day and my back was starting to hurt. These shoes may be a little heavy, and take a bit getting used to, but are super-comfy. They run NARROW - exactly what I needed.
B0056QVSQ8 Love them Shoes are so comfortable..took about a day or so to break in. I will never wear gym shoes again.. I work 12hr shifts and my feet feel great
B0056QVSQ8 forget Dansko The MOST comfortable shoe ever!! i have 10 pairs of Dansko (some are xp) and they are hard on the feet.  I tried the Timberland and even after a 14 hr shift of constant walking my feet were not crying!!
B0056QVSQ8 all day comfort I am a Restaurant Manager, I stand on my feet for at least 9-10 hours a day.  They are comfortable, look professional and do not slip
B0056QVSQ8 Nice shoe but makes my feet hurt. The size and style of this shoe is really good.  Not enough arch support for me.  I have tried wearing them several different times and come home with achy feet.  I am a food server and always on my feet while working.  I wear a 9w, when I first put them on I was excited because it fit very well.  Luckily they come with a 30 day comfort guarantee.  I will be returning them.
B0056QVSQ8 Timberland renova Love the shoe. Very coffy and easy on the feet. I work 12 hours a day and by far these shoes have been the best
B0056QVSQ8 Great style but comfortable,........so far not so much! I love the style, the patent croc look.  They were ok comfortable the first day, uncomfortable the following day for my second six hour shift on my feet.The next week they actually killed my feet.  I do have problem feet and purchased these based on glowing recommendations.  Now I can not return them so I will not give up on "breaking them in".  I didn't know how they felt until I wore them on the jobTimberland PRO Women's Renova Patent Croc Work Shoe
B0056QVSQ8 Best shoe in town! Better than expected!  I made a fabulous choice!  Great fit.  Worked 12 hours on my feet.  No issues at end of shift.  Thanks
B0056QVSQ8 CERTIFIED NURSE ASSISTANT Well when I purchased this shoe, I was unsure these would be a great pair for me being on my feet for long periods of time.  My arch has fallen and it's been a little difficult finding a pair of shoes that I can wear all day and not change them! I must say I'm VERY, VERY PLEASED to have bought these shoes. I doing 16 hours at the moment and my feet feel great and I'm not tired, I keep wiggling my toes to make sure their there lol.
B0056QVSQ8 VERY DISAPPOINTED Unlike my other Timberland PRO Renova the leather in this pair does not relax after being wore for awhile. This makes it tight and very uncomfortable to wear especially after standing on your feet for extended HOURS!
B0056QVSQ8 No anti-fatigue These shoes made my feet hurt more than the work boots I planned to replace them with. Just not enough cushion for someone with flat feet. Sucks because they're so cute.
B0056QVSQ8 Favorite shoes I have small, wide feet including a bunion and as a nurse am on my feet a lot.  These are the only clogs I have been able to wear, after trying many of the popular brands.  I have bought 3 pairs now and am considering buying one of each in case they ever discontinue this model!!!!!
B0056QVSQ8 Very comfy Very comfortable,supportive shoes, as I'm a chef and spend my whole day on my feet. I'm very satisfied with product.
B0056QW98E Great Shoe These shoes are the best. My feet do not hurt anymore since switching to this brand. I am on my feet all day, these are great!
B0056QW98E Easy on the feet I've tried several nursing shoes but these are so comfortable. No break in time easy on the feet right out of the box . I would recommend these shoes for anyone who work on their feet for long periods of time.  I'm glad I got them on sale . They are a great value
B0056QW98E incredibly comfortable Got these on an Amazon Deal and they were well worth the money.  I recently went to NYC and spent all day on my feet without any back or foot pain.
B0056QW98E love I stand on my feet for 8 hours my feet felt great the first day ,so good I wore them the second day and was thrilled. Third wore a different  and halfway through the day wish I would have worn these again..Also impressed because I have a wide foot and high arch. I will say I tried the 9w and couldn't get my foot in and with the 10w fit great
B0056QW98E I only truly appreciate these shoes when I'm trying to find my car in the parking garage 14 hours after I arrived at work. These were the fourth pair of shoes I've tried for my job as a busy floor nurse.  I honestly only kept them because of the price and they didn't hurt the moment I put them on. The arch feels like it is too far back on my foot, but I think that is the anti-fatigue design.  Putting them on the first time I didn't have that deep-sigh, total comfort feeling.  They just Didn't Feel Bad.  I kept waiting during the first shift I wore them to be disappointed, but I never was.  My feet are only as tired as the rest of me when I get to my car after work.  These shoes beat my New Balance lace up shoes by a mile for long term comfort.  That was the real test.  I wore these Renova Clogs for four shifts and then I wore my relatively new New Balance favorites (they are a different color, I had to match my scrubs!).  My feet were more achy than the rest of me by the end of my shift when I wore the old favorites.My new go to shoes are the Timberland PRO Renova clogs.  Mine seem black though the description is grey (still cool, I bought them to wear with black scrubs).
B0056QW98E Superb work shoe, excellent shock absorption My lower back, hips, and feet are no longer throbbing after a 12 hour shift on hard/ concrete floors. These shoes really do live up to the standard Timberland sets! Great shoe for long days on your feet!!
B0056RMY2O Prefer Klogs MUCH more than these I am on my feet all day in a lab and I thought I would try Timberland brand clogs after some coworkers liked them.  Well the insoles are very hard and the arch support is not very high (I have high arches).  I LOVE Klog brand shoes they are a 100x more comfortable.  I've worn these twice and both days my feet ached at the end of the day which they never do in my Klogs.
B0056RMY2O Great buy! I would recommend this for anyone who spends a lot of time on your feet. So comfortable and everything you would expect from Timberland.
B0056RMY2O My new shoes This is my second pair of Timberland Pro work shoes and I just love em. Im able to work in these shoes all day and my feet aren't tired at the end of the day. I would recommend this shoe to others.  K. Moore
B0056RMY2O nice My feet were hurting for awhile. I am a teacher and need to be up and down alot! When I put them on at the end of my day, my feet instantly stopped hurting and I was good to go for another couple hours! Yay! Just what I was hoping for!
B0056RMY2O GREAT SHOE FOR ANYONE WHO WORKS ON THEIR FEET!!!! I AM A NURSE, I WORK IN A VERY BUSY MICU. SOMETIMES MY FEET HIT THE FLOOR RUNNING AND STAY THAT WAY. THROUGH OUT THE 12  DAY. I ALSO SUFFER FROM PLANTERS FASCITIS. I MUST SAY THESE SHOES ARE FABULOUS. I RECOMMEND THEM  FOR ANYONE WHO SUFFERS FROM FOOT PAIN, AFTER A BUSY DAY MY FEET FEEL GREAT AND NO FOOT PAIN. I BOUGHT 2 MORE PAIR  FOR BACK UP. THEY ARE TRUE TO SIZE AND PLENTY OF TOE ROOM AS WELL AS A NICE LOOKING SHOE.TERRI WITH THANKFUL FEET!!!
B0056RMY2O Comfy shoes, but not as promised They are comfortable, my feet/ankles are still swelling though.  I am not overweight, but am on my feet about 10 hours a day.
B0056ROT7M Comfortable work shoes Very comfortable. I am on my feet all day and at the end of the day my feet don't as with other shoes. Does not squeak on the tile floors like other shoes. Slip resistant and looks professional.
B0056ROT7M Horrible!!!! The day I first wore these shoes, I hated them. I gave them a couple of days because maybe I just needed to get used to them since I paid $99 for them. They are light weight but the comfort is just not there. I'm a nurse so I'm always on my feet, now I find excuses to sit down because my feet hurt so bad. My heels and balls of my feet are so sore because of the lack of support and cushion. I'm going back to Skechers. Please dont waste your money on these shoes!!!!!
B0058SI8PI Timberland Barestep Loafer These shoes are comfortable -- I can wear them all day long.  I loved them so much that I looked for another pair in a different color.  Found something similar but the basic design is the same.  Very comfortable and a nice shoe when I don't want to wear sandals or plan to spend a lot of time on my feet.
B00590P7GI great shoe! I have had these for over a month and they are great. I have worn them on occasions when I will be on my feet walking for hours and the eva sole keep my feet nice and comfy. We recently visited dc and walked non stop for almost 4 hours before my feet became sore. I would definitely recommend these to anyone who is looking for a cute functional shoe. The pre molded toe pad was weird at first but now I don't even notice it.
B00590X29W beautiful and comfortable Well made, feminine, and comfortable. Who'd a thought? I wore these to a wedding and danced and walked and had no pain in my feet or legs on the first day I wore them. I am considering buying them in another color.
B005BWB2QI comfortable These are very good, high quality shoes.  Wore them all day, the first day I had them with no problems. The size was as I expected and they are very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI comfortable Great comfortable shoe for casual day to day and the style is very masculine. Great purchase without trying them on first.
B005BWB2QI Walking on Air I got these shoes for my husband because he has edema of the legs and his feet swell also ..He put these on and he loved how comfortable they were..With the adjustable tie he can let them out if his feet swell and he has wide feet and the width was perfect for him..The price was a great buy will be looking for more styles from this company like this for him
B005ERZ6MQ Good all day shoe. I like the way my feet feel at the end of  work day. Just what I needed on my feet for a job that keep me hopping from the start of the day until I  punch out..
B005ERZ6MQ durable and comfortable I'm on my feet for about 12 hours a day. I buy many shoes but since I'm hard on my shoes they tend not to last very long. So, I was looking for a shoe that was of great quality and with maximum comfort and durability. I found that with this shoe and actually ended up ordering about 10 more pair different styles. A bonus is that not only do the look nice with my suits, but, also compliment casual wear too.
B005FI1VE6 Great little shoe We saw these at a shoe store at the mall for our grandson who has sweaty feet.  He would not let us try them on him.  I measured a pair of his shoes that I had here and then added 1/2 inch to get the size I wanted.  When they arrived and he came over we put them on him.  I think that he has worn them all day every day since then.  He runs and jumps and does everything a two year old does in his shoes.  AWESOME.  If these are still available next summer when he would need a new pair I will definitely buy them again.
B005FI1VE6 Super comfortable. While I wanted genuine leather shoes, these are working well so far. I have very wide feet (women's 7 1/2), and big boy size 6 sandals work really well for me. The footbed of these is wide enough and texturally patterned. The depth changes in the pattern make for a different feeling to walk on, but also it's very soft and seems to provide a variety of pressure points--a nice change after wearing other sandals the day before.  The adjustable straps allow for all day comfort when my feet swell. These are so comfortable, I find them still on my feet at the end of the day and have to take them off to go to bed!  Just wish they were real leather and the logo wasn't so glaring.
B005FMBDD6 Cute, functional, and protect little toes! When the weather gets warm, my girls hate to wear socks and they love to get their feet wet. We have tried different brands of water shoes, but so far these are my favorite. They can be worn for hours on end (e.g., a 9 hour day care day) without becoming uncomfortable or causing blisters. If wet, they dry as expected. Bonus: they are super cute, so my girls want to wear them every day. I especially love these for day care days because the toe cap is mostly covered, so while there is an overall appearance of being an open sandal, I know that little toes are protected on the playground. Well worth the money.One note of caution: after wearing all day without socks these absolutely cause stinky feet.
B005GYJW4A earthkeepers The shoes arrived well packed with earth friendly materials. I work on my feet all day and they are incredibly comfortable.
B005GYK4N8 Feet feel great I got these shoes to try out their "anti fatigue" gimmick and I could not be more plesantly suprised. I am on my feet all day so I was dying for a pair of shoes that looked nicer than new balance, did not leave my feet hurting at the end of they day and were not expensive as I tear my shoes up.  These were everything and more!
B005I6RZXG Did not meet my expectations The shoe looks great. But more like a clog than what I thought it would be. I wore them around the house for about a week. Then seemed ok, even though they were a little loose. My thought was that they were stiff like a clog, so maybe they are to fit like one too. I then took them with me on a cook day at a clients. No problem. By the 3rd day my feet began to hurt later in the day and once home and I took them off. OUCH! my feet were really hurting. I even tried with an extra pair of socks to make them tighter. No good either. I kept trying. Finally the pain got so bad I had to stop wearing them altogether. Sad to have put out all that $$ and now I can't wear them at all.
B005I6RZXG Very Comfortable These shoes are the right height and weight and they are worth every penny. I would recommend them for anyone who has to be on their feet all day.
B005I6RZXG Not my style These shoes were very comfortable to walk in all day on pavement.  They were a little strange. It felt like the heel was lower than the front which just felt a little odd.They run a little big but I didn't get another pair so I can't say if a half size smaller would have been better. They are heavier than I expected and while my feet felt great, they felt like weights at the end of the day. And they have the shape of those croc clogs which I didn't care for personally.  The design helps with the look but not enough for me.I ended up returning them which was a seamless process with no issues and I bought some other shoes.
B005I6RZXG A good recommendation! I bought these after they were recommended by a friend and I'm so glad I did! After 8 hours on my feet at work my feet aren't pinched and sore!
B005I6RZXG Love these! I work on the loading dock at a busy post office.. Since i&#34;m on my feet all day I wanted good shoes . My feet don't hurt and they are stylish. Timberland is a great shoe!
B005I6RZXG GET THEM I am on my feet ALL day.I suffer from heel spurs as a result of being on my feet for years.I needed something that was comfy and cute.I found that in these shoes.The only reason I didn't give them 5 STARS is because it took me a week to break them in.Other than that ,I really like them and I am looking for another pair in a different color.
B005I6RZXG Best Shoes I've had surgery on both feet and am still recovering (it's been less than a year for both of them).  I've had such a hard time with pain and lack of support.  I work in a hospital and do a lot of walking so I need a shoe that can not only hold up but cradle my feet.  These shoes do the trick.  And they are dressy enough to wear with dress pants.
B005I6RZXG Great product This is my fourth pair and as a Nurse Practitioner they not only support my being on my feet all day but look great too!!! I love the tooling of this black pair and since I have high arches and a large foot the fit is extremely important.  I can be on my feet all day in these...
B005I6RZXG Good Shoe I ordered these because I am on my feet most of the day and they hurt.  When I first tried the shoe I thought it had a nice arch support but wasn't just cushy comfortable breath a sigh of relief when you put it on.  But after several days of wearing it I noticed that my feet no longer hurt.  Now more than a month into daily wear up hills and in some rough areas around the ranch they are holding up very well and my feet still don't hurt.  Good deal.
B005I6RZXG Hurt My Feet I waited a good while before posting this review in the hopes that these shoes would eventually &#34;break in&#34;. No such luck! I am not sure why they make my feet hurt, but they do. The first pair I ordered in my size 9 1/2 W and they were huge!) Returned and got 9 1/2 M and they were a pretty good fit, but beware if you have high arches as they are tight over my instep. They are comfortable for a little while, but after about 3 hours they begin to hurt and my feet are killing me by the end of the day (I am a cashier). I will keep wearing them because I paid a fortune for them in the hope that they will eventually get better, but I can only wear them for 1 day and then I wear something else for the next 2 days because my feet are sore. Would not buy these again!
B005I6RZXG great shoes The shoes are really comfortable just a little big. I stand up and walk around for about 10 hours a day. From day one they were comfortable the only thing I would change is a half size smaller for my next pair.
B005I6RZXG Not so good Wore them every day for four days back and forth to work; lots of stairs, indoors and outdoors -- normally a ten-twelve hour day for me.I could not wear them on the fifth day my feet hurt so much from them.The toe box was large enough BUT the height of the toe box was too tight/small and the top of my foot hurt too much to do another day.The have a 90 day warranty.  I will try to return them.I am very disappointed.
B005I6RZXG Great shoes nice fit I have a job that demands that you stand on cerment floors, my feet really hurt by the end of the day. I have only worn these shoes three days and already my feet have stopped hurting. The fit is great very true to size.  I will be buying another pair very soon.
B005I6RZXG Love these shoes I am a waitress and on my feet several hours a day.  These are the best shoes I have found, the feel wonderful.
B005I6RZXG Nice Shoes BUT uncomfortable These shoes are made very nicely but when it comes to comfort they lack big time. They are very hard and do not cushion your feet at all. No way could you stand on your feet all day as they say in the description and not be miserable. But once again they are very nice and attractive. For work I am looking for comfort.
B005I6RZXG Comfort counts I like them they are comfortable. I am on my feet 12 to 14 hours a day at work and need the comfort . They run a little big but after I exchanged to a 1/2 size smaller their great
B005I6RZXG Love em!! Very comfortable for working on my feet all day happy that I purchased these shoes!!!!! I do not have any more words.
B005I6RZXG Feels great! Very very comfortable and conforms to your foot! My feet don't hurt like they did when I wore athletic shoes.
B005I6RZXG Timberland Pro shoes a must for people on their feet all day! Timberland shoes are the best. I am a nurse and on my feet all day. My Timberland Pro shoes have lasted so long that I had to replace them only because they were literally starting to peel at the base. Can't recommend them highly enough. You will not be disappointed in them.
B005I6RZXG Undecided I'm not wild about the heels on these shoes, but I love the emboss and for day-to-day working shoes, they're fairly comfortable and stylish enough for business casual.Update 5/23/14:Okay, I am revising my 'fairly comfortable' description of these shoes to 'fairly uncomfortable'. For shoes that are literally, and I mean literally in the literal sense of the word, branded 'anti-fatigue' on the heels, they sure do wear out the balls of my feet after a long day. Still love the emboss, but I'm going to keep searching for black shoes that are comfortable all day long. Honestly, for the price and the brand, I was expecting a lot better.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable and stylish These shoes are just what I have been looking for for years.  I am a hairstylist and am on my feet for 10 and 12 hour days.  I need something that is comfortable and stylish and these meet the criteria perfectly.  I have tried other brands and either there isn't enough cushion and support, or they don't allow your feet to breath.  I highly recommend these shoes!!!
B005I6RZXG Long comfort! These shoes are great for working long hours, being on your feet 9 hours plus! I highly recommend these for being reasonably priced and made well.
B005I6RZXG Not worth the money I decided on these after extensive research and two failed attempts at finding comfortable shoes. I am in clinicals to become a Surgical Technologist so  I stand in the operating room for hours at a time. After about an hour the balls of my feet are killing me. After a couple of hours my toes go numb. Very disappointed with these.
B005I6RZXG Order a 1/2 size lower! I am a nurse in a very busy critical care setting.  I'm always on my feet and they've actually started to hurt badly after some of my shifts.  So, I was looking for a better shoe.  I saw these on a nursing site and thought I'd give them a try.  Normally I wear an 8.5 or a 9.  So I ordered and 8.5.  They were WAY too big.  The return was very easy and the correct size (8) came in before I was able to even ship the old ones out.  They fit great and seem to be very comfortable.  However, I recommend socks on the thick side AND be warned, they do squeak and mark up the floors.  Time will tell if they are better for my feet, but I couldn't give more then 3 stars because I think putting 70-80$ into a shoe should mean close to perfection (at least on day 1).  Hope that helps!
B005I6RZXG Comfy I love Timberland PRO shoes. I work in a Medical Lab so I'm running around all day. Since I started wearing them, I don't have sore and achy legs at the end of the day. I would recommend these to anyone!
B005I6RZXG All Day Comfort I have had this new shoe for about 2 weeks now and have worn them everyday. I work in a prison setting standing and walking on concrete all day. I have tried just about every comfort shoe out there and the Timberland Pro Women's Renova beats them all hands down. I am able to work all day without even thinking about my feet. I also do not feel exhausted with foot pain at the end of the day anymore. The foot bed fits my foot just right and the toe box has lots of room so my feet don't feel pinched or swished. I also do not get the callouses on the ball's of my feet anymore. The only con to the shoe is that the left one squeaks when I walk. I walked my dog as soon as I took the shoes out of the box, so I would not reommend wearing them for fast walking before wearing them the first time around.  I would highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for great comfort and all day support.
B005I6RZXG Still a good shoe These fit wider than I expected, but with the right socks they do fit. I spend all day on my feet at work, and these have eliminated most of the foot-aches I normally experience by the end of the day. I will definitely buy from this line again.
B005I6RZXG Wonderful for being on your feet all night! I work as a registered nurse and have been wearing the Timberland Renova brand for the past 3 years.  I decided to upgraded this year from the slingback and my feet and I have been very happy with the change!
B005I6RZXG Finally I found what I was looking for. Is just what I was expecting. My painful feet now have a break. They fit perfect, I don't know what they have, but at the end of the day my feet are not as painful as before. I really recommend to you to give them a try.
B005I6YJW6 timberland wildcard is a shoe for real workers i tow vehicles for the city - including accidents and abandoned cars - you need to have a steel or composite toe on the job and youre on you feet from 8 - 10 hrs a day. these are the shoes you need! and elite hero got em to me in good time. my feet and 16 yrs on the job are not wrong !!! thanks guys
B005I6Z4JI nice boots These are confortable boots at first. I am on my feet for 10 hours a day on concrete in a shop. At first these were the most comfortable boots I had ever had. Its been about 4 weeks wearing these. And they are now starting to hurt little spots like there are pressure points in them I will now look into putting insoles to get rid of the uncomfortable feeling.
B005I6Z4JI Great Workboot I put these on right out of the box and wore them a whole day - super comfortable!  It felt like a pair that I had broken in for months, not brand new.  I liked the support to my feet and the way they kept them warm.  By the end of the day my feet were not tired or hurting at all!  I'd say, a very good purchase.
B005I6Z4JI SUPER BOOTS! These boots were advertised as having special soles that help prevent fatigue after being on your feet for many hours. I was initially skeptical, but I'll be darned if it doesn't actually work! My job regularly has me on my feet for easily 8 hours at a time, and yet at the end of the day I feel fine and my feet don't really hurt.
B005I6Z4JI Most Comfortable This is the most comfortable work boot I have ever owned. I'm on my feet all day at my job site. They are light and flexible and yet give me the protection an security I need from my work boots. Im a bigger guy at 240 + lbs and at the end of the day my feet are saved and feel good when I take my boots off. Not tired and sore as they have been in the past. The soles are made very well and have lots of spring which returns the energy back to my feet and body. Very satisfied and the are very good looking boots as well. I have had them for about a month and wear them daily and they are holding up very well. Great quality.
B005I72EKE Best steel toe boot ive ever owned I cannot say enuff about these boots.My job requires that I wear steel toe boots, and after wearing prob close to 20 different types and styles over the years, I have finally foundthe perfect boot. I am on my feet 12-16 hours a day, and with most boots, my feet are in agonizing pain after only a few days.These timberland boots combined with a dr scholls work insert are my ticket to comfort from now on.I have now worn out two pairs of these boots and after literally thousands of hours, my feet feel as good after a 16 hour day as they did when i first slipped them on.  A very sturdy, very comfortable long lasting boot at 1/3 the price of more expensive boots that are not nearly as comfy.
B005LCQYYS what I would expect for the money Well made, very comfortable, Wore them up  to Bryce, hiked around all day. Very comfortable right out of the box.
B006T307QE timberland pro xl st not good The boot cause a cut on top of my foot after the first week. I had to wear two pair of socks and its been 80-100 degrees this summer. the tounge of the left boot caused a bruise on top of ankle . seam was the problem. when I first put on the boot I was  happy with the comfort and the first day the waterproof membrane was great I stepped in a footing with 5 in of water. By the end of day two the shoe was uncomfortable. I know there is a 30 day guarantee but I through out my other work boots after first trying on the new ones. bad mistake. I Didn't have anything else to wear to work. Must have boots with safety toe.
B006T307QE Very comfortable work boot I'm a maintenance worker in a factory. I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are great. I've tried several other big brands over the last 15 years and I usually end up with blisters on my heels where the boots rub. Thanks for the comfort!
B006T307QE hurt i work a 12 hour shiift ,.could not stand to wear them all day, they made my feet hurt by the end of day i was glad to put on my old boots, maybe they will be allright to wear around the house.
B006T307QE NICE BOOT I'M A MEAT CUTTER AND ON MY FEET 9 HR.'S A DAY, THEY ARE GOOD ALL DAY WALKING AROUND, NON-SLIP & WP HELP ON THE WET FLOORS. THE BEST BOOT I FOUND FOR THE MONEY.  LOU
B006T307QE they are awesome very comfortable I am on my feet all day and they make my feet feel great! I work on my feet all day very comfortable relaxing and antifatigue is great!I recommend this to any one who wants to get home after a long day and not feel pain on there feet
B006T307QE Perfect for the working man! Timberland boots run small.  I already knew this so, since I wear size 10, I purchased size 11.  They fit perfectly, and are very comfortable.  I recommend these to any hard working people who have to be on their feet for long periods of time, especially those who work outside, due to the waterproofing... No more walking around in wet socks all day!
B006T30U8E Great Boots I work on my feet in a machine shop 50 hours a week and Timberland Pros are the most comfortable work boots I've ever owned. The Barstows are one more reason I will never not own a pair of Timberland Pros. Awesome, all-day comfortable boots. Timberland knows what they're doing in regards to working feet.
B006T30U8E Great Price, Great Boot Very little breakin, they felt great from the first day. I have no reason to spend 2.5x as much for a pair of redwings again. My feet have been in a lot of pain lately from a nine month old pair of Ariats. The timberland pros are more suitable for standing on concrete than any other boot I have owned so far.
B006T30U8E My First Pair of "Tims" The ground is very rocky where I work and I needed a pair of boots that could stand up to the terrain. So far, so good. As for fit and feel of the boot; the moment I tried them on they felt broken in and very comfortable. I'm on and off my feet all day so after 9 or 10 hours of walking back and forth, my feet didn't hurt, and no blisters. Great boots! I'd purchase them again.
B006T32HGC Comfortable !!!! The Only word Needed. Have wore move expensive boots from other manufacturers but once I bought a pair of these no need to Look any Further. Being a electrician and on my feet many hours a day/night the Anti Fatigue Tech. works fantastic. And in a industrial environment you can't ask for anything else....All I will buy from now on.
B006T32HGC No break in time I wore these for 10 hours the first day I had them and at the end of the day they were still comfortable.
B006T32HGC best boot i have found to date so im a tech and I spend over 12 hours a day standing on concrete and these shoes are awesome. I am so impressed with these shoes. I have bought countless boots over my years. these by far pass ever single one of them. the sole also holds up really well. the only issue i have with the boots is I bought the 9 wide because my feet swell over the day . This gave the boot a little more extra material to flex causing the rubber on the toe to peel up . put a little epoxy and fixed it right up. I dont blame timberland for this issue because I buy boots a little bit bigger then need be. Great boot might look like a hiking boot but is awesome on concrete .
B006T32HSK Awesome boot Best work boot I ever worn. The fit is right on. 10hrs a day in them, an my feet an back is no longer hurting at the end of the day.
B006T32TKG very good boot I work as a freight conductor on the railroad so I am on my feet the majority of my day traversing uneven rough terrain climbing up and down engines and these boots were great right out of the box no break in and no problems I would recommend these to others and will most likely be getting another pain when the railroad inevitably wears these out
B006T32WNK Great Product I already have a pair of T.Pro series, and I can say, that this is the best shoes for me.The quallity is just perfect.They a bit bigger than expected but that's not an issue.I can easily wear them all day and feel comfortable at the end of a day.
B006ZUFL30 Amazing boot This is one of the most comfortable boots I have ever bought! Sizing is dead on, they are very light, the tread on the bottom grips to anything sometimes a little to good. There is no break in with these boot put them on and go, wore them 3 days in a row at work, and I stand and climb ladders all day from 10 to 12 hours a day, no fatigue and they even helped out with some lower back pain that I get from wearing shoes, great product will be buying another pair soon for hiking,camping,hunting!
B006ZVOLHQ Best winter weather boot I had the opportunity to wear these boots all day! at least twelve hours.  The fit is perfect with one pair of socks.  My feet remained dry and comfortable, as I was in and out frequently.  At the end of the day my feet were not tired and I thought Timberland made shoes and boots just for me.  I love this boot, it is sturdy, well constructed, high quality materials I believe the boot will last a very long time.
B0070SHSGE No breaking in required I'm a size 9.5 and ordered a 9.5. I found the size of the shoe to be about 3/8th of an inch larger than what I normally wear but it is a good enough fit.The bottoms have excellent traction.There is no breaking in required to wear these comfortable shoes and after spending 8 hours a day standing and walking around, my feet and knees still feel great at the end of the day.
B0070SJK60 Great Product, Good Job Timberland I've been using Timberland's boots all my life and i love them for city use. With the old model i've never had my feet wet or could during winter but after a hole day walking around my legs would feel tired and my knees would be sour because of their weigh and hard sole that made the cushioning kinda bad.This new model is amazing honest! The boot is so much lighter, the fit is wonderful and the best part is the cushioning! These boots come with a &#34;antifatigue boot sole&#34; and you can believe it that it really is anti fatigue! I used to have a silicone boot sole on my old ones and still the cushioning of this model is way better!The first time i wore them i went on a trip to London were there were my only shoes for a 10 day trip. I was kinda worried if they would hurt my feet but in my feet they felt like a glove the entire time, no blister no nothing, happy feet!Would recommend to anyone looking for a good trendy boot.
B0072NQIZ4 Comfy all day long I stand most of the day at work. I have to say that today is the first day I can remember my feet not hurting. This was just day one of wearing my new Timberland shoes, but so far, I'm a fan.
B0072NQIZ4 Great shoes GREAT nursing shoes fit well and they don't hurt my feet or back. Comfortable for standing all day I will be getting another pair..I suggest these to anyone who has to be on there feet all day...
B0072NQIZ4 comfortable! My feet felt great after a 12hr shift, didn't rub the top of my feet like danskos do. I would buy them again.
B0072NQIZ4 Happy Feet! These "work" shoes are the best. I wear them every day at work and my feet could not be happier.
B0072NQIZ4 AHHHHHH.... Comfort and a great shine. I am on my feet 8 plus hours a day and these shoes are great.
B0072NQIZ4 Happy feet ya ya ya I was a little afraid on ordering these shoe because might not what I had expected but baby when they came and I slip my feet into them OMG they felt so good and I worked a 16 hour shift I was waiting to see if my feet were going to quit on me like usual lol to my surprise they didn't they felt so great that whole day LOVE THESE SHOE !
B0072NQIZ4 Walking on Cloud PRO These clogs are the best I have purchased by far. The fit is perfect and after 8-10 hrs on my feet at the end of the day its like I just slipped them on. I am so happy I purchased them and the wide toe is the BEST. I can even put on a winter sock. The flannel-like lining will def keep my feet warm. You can even wear in summer without socks. Way to go Timberland. Not just for medical professionals, chefs or anyone on their feet for extended periods of time would def benefit from these.
B0072NQIZ4 CUTE SHOE!! I LOVE this shoe! I love the way it looks and feels. My first day wearing them to work went fine, until it was close to the end of the day (12 hour shift at hospital). Then the top of my right foot hurt. Took a break for a few days then wore them again. This time they felt fine all day. I guess that first day was just a problem with my foot and not the shoe. I love the large toe box. My toes never feel like they're squished inside the shoe. They have room to breathe. The only reason I couldn't give these shoes 5 stars is because of the way the sole squeaks on the hospital floor. That may not happen on every floor but it does in the hospital I work in and it is very annoying. Maybe it won't happen where you work. I hope this is helpful.
B0072NQIZ4 lovely shoes this timberland pro renova shoes was so comfortable, i standing and walking 12hours a day, some time need to run is well. this shoes keep my feet feel good,is better than my dansko is well. if you working on your feet all day,i recommend  this to you,try it you won't be dispiont.
B007EFDTSY nice boots Great boots fine quality and very comfortable.They have great traction. Work all day , like I do 12 hour day,you won't be disappointed.
B007G4VTUI All that I expected from a brand like Timberline It is functional and will stand up to the day to day abuse of being in my pocket at all times
B00828VKFQ Amazing I stand on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day as a cashier. These shoes have saved my feet.
B00828VKFQ Great shoe I have wide feet and stand on my feet as a hairstylist all day. Tried dansko so hard on my feet needed to take motrin when I wore them. Timberland pros are great, no break in time. The anti fatigue really works. This is my second pair I just wish they would come out with pro sandals
B00828VKFQ Not great for really long days Bought these for work in a restaurant. They are quite comfortable, but about 6 hours in, they need more cushioning in the ball of the foot area especially.
B00828VKFQ So far so good These have been comfortable for working retail. At the end of a long 8-10 hours shift I'm still a bit sore (especially in the last couple of hours) but it's better than what I had before. Fit is good, style is simple.
B00828VKFQ Repeat Wearer! Great for professionals who stand and walk for hours on end! They have provided comfort and support for this old nurse's aging feet!
B00828VKFQ Love them for teaching I am a teacher and these shoes work wonders! We have a very large school that requires a lot of walking everyday and my feet used to hurt so badly at the end of the day. I got these as a gift from my husband for my birthday and they are wonderful for all of this walking! My only complaints are that the bottoms squeek when walking on waxed floors and the inside of one of them squeeks as well. Second, they don't work as well at preventing leg/back fatigue/pain when standing in one place for extended periods of time. I have a part-time job as a pharmacy technician and I don't do a lot of walking there; just standing for 6-9 hours. However, the benefits far outweigh those issues!
B00828VKFQ Sturdy work shoe Nursing on my feet 12-13 hours a day, the stability of this sole has relieved me of my plantar fasciitis. That being said, they are well cushioned in the foot bed. I have narrow feet and have to wear thicker socks because my foot slides forward in these shoes. If you have normal or wider feet, should be great!
B00828VKFQ Best shoe ever I tried Timberlands for the first time about a year and half ago and felt they have been the best shoe I have every had. I work as a nurse and on my feet all day. My feet were hurting every day after work and I felt about 20 years older then I was. But after about a week of walking in these shoes, my feet feel better and no more pain. This is my second pair.
B00828VKFQ Happy feet! I 'm on my feet 8+ hours per day @ work and these are my new favorites! I use to buy sketchers work shoes and never found them to be comfortable for very long. For another$25 dollars these timberlands keep my feet comfy and protected no matter how long I &#34;m standing and moving around on my feet. These are made well and are $25-$50 less than other comperable work clogs. Great value, great fit!
B00828VKFQ Fantastjc shoes for people who work on their feet These shoes are the best I have found. I work at an airport and am on my feet all day, marble and concrete. The toe bed is wide so that there is no pressure on the front of your foot, good for those with bunions. They are well made and long lasting and the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. Can't say enough good things about them.
B00828VKFQ great work shoes On my feet 10-12 hrs a day. Love them and will last for years. Worth the price. Wish they came in different colors.
B00828VKFQ awesome shoes Very nice shoe!  I am on my feet 5-6 hrs. a day non-stop and I definitely noticed a difference.....my feet were not sore after my shift.  I recommend these shoes to anyone who spends a good amount of time on their feet.
B00828VKFQ Timberlan PRO women's renove slip on shoes Nice shoe, I work standing & walking all day & they help to relieve foot pain & I don't feel so tired after a full day.
B00828VKFQ VERY Comfortable slip resistant work shoe I LOVE this work shoe.  I am a barista and on my feet about 8 hours each day.  I had been wearing a different brand of shoes since last fall and my feet were hurting so much.  After wearing my shoes about a week, the soreness in my feet disappeared.  It was so nice to come home today and not have my feet ache.  The shoes ran a little bit big for me, so I use foot liners I bought at Aldo's shoe store.  Also, I use Carhartt  work socks to prevent my socks from bunching.
B00828VKFQ better than clogs I have been a Timberland fan since the 70s and have been trying to find a "clog like" shoe that will stay on my feet without the slipping feeling I get with most clogs. I work on my feet all day, and am sometimes required to move fast and climb. I can't stand the feeling of coming out of my shoes. These are great. I ordered my normal size (7m) and thought about a wide, but am glad I got the regular. The toe box is ample and somewhat form fitting; they are wonderful!Talk about happy feet? After a 12 hr. day, I am still standing, and not whining at all. I highly reccomend these shoes to any one not just standing all day!
B00828VKFQ Built for comfort! These sure do deliver excellent arch support. I bought these for work,  standing all day working at a busy hotel front desk. The first time I tryed them on was after work and WoW they feel great even after I've worked all day! They don't seem to require any break in time, they are so comfortable and put a spring in your step, I can also feel that these align your foot correctly. If you stand all day like I do they are worth their weight in gold!
B00828VKFQ Timberland Renova These are the most comfortable slip on shoe ever! They mold to your feet and help your posture. The best thing is at the end of a long day my feet and legs feel great .
B00828VKFQ Best clog I've worn These are incredibly comfortable, I wear them to work and I'm on my feet all day. I've got three pair and hope they make this style forever! They need to make them in more colors, like red!
B008KLEYLM Very comfortable shoe! I've worn these to work and they are very comfy!  Soft and fit true to size.  I wear a 7-1/2.  The first day I wore them, a co-worker loved them so much, she bought a pair for herself the same day!
B008KLGHL2 very comfortable Was able to wear them all day right out of the box and felt very comfortable.. No need to break them in..
B008M27754 I can breath I feel as if my feet are breathing. These are well made and comfortable and are presentable enough to wear to work with no socks! Crazy. I have had them for a few months now and no complaints. Well made, at this point very little wear on the souls or top. I wear these at least every other day or maybe 97% of the time. I'm happy.
B008M2ZFQW Wonderfully comfortable...until they blister your feet These shoes feel great at first.  I wore them around the house the first weekend, and wore them on a weekend plane trip to see some old friends. The next weekend I went to a large outdoor event where I did a lot of walking, probably 4 or 5 miles.  At the end of the day, I had matching blisters on the balls of both feet, right on the pads directly behind my big toes.  I looked inside the shoe and found that there is a depressed oval shaped ring right in the center of the sole under the ball of your feet. It was the forward outer edge of this ring that did the blistering.
B008N6Y9BO Quality shoes. They started out a little stiff, but broke in quickly.  The more I wear them the more buttery soft the leather gets and the more they feel like slippers on my feet!  They look great plus are comfortable enough to wear to work, which requires standing 8-10 hours a day.
B008N6YJKA The most comfortabe 3.5' hill sandals I ever owned. One of the reviews mentions to order size down due to the shoes being a bit too big.  Well, knowing that I have wide feet I stuck to my usual size (8) and they fit perfect.  Within a few hours of wear they conformed to my Flintstone feet and Yaba daba dooo: no pain whatsoever after 8 hours of running around the office, Yaaay! :)
B008N6YRCK pretty and comfortable! This sandal is a perfect combination of heel height and comfort. Works well in a business casual office setting or with jeans/capris. The instep is very cushy - almost like memory foam.  Wore them for over 8 hours the first day and my feet were happy the entire time.UPDATED:  I've worn these sandals a few times to work over the past several weeks and I have to say they are beyond comfortable!  Normally, shoes are the first thing off when I get home.  I actually wore these for nearly 16 hours because I went out after work and my feet were still very happy.  They are just awesome...I shall have to consider other Timberland sandals in the future.You will love these shoes!Signed,Happy feet
B008TNCG6Q very slippery on wet tile floors I use them as part of treatment for gout to keep my feet warm and wear them all day every day. durability is outstanding as I have used many other much cheaper brands.  But they are very slippery on tile (ada compliant).  I wish that sole was like on surf shoes
B008VPU0GK fairly decent i wanted to wait till i wore them a little bit before i gave a review, because i've gotten excited about some products in the past only to find they turn to s*** a week later.As far as the fit goes, they're excellent. They're not like some other brands where it's a crap shoot deciding wheather or not you need to buy a half size larger/smaller for it to fit correctly. These are dead-on.As for the comfort, they're pretty good, not great. First few days weren't too good. They break in well, though, and rather quickly so on a 10 point scale overall I give them a 7. They're very light, and don't tire my feet after having been on them all day. I wear them for work, and I'm on a concrete floor most of the day, and still my feet don't tire or hurt at the end of the day, so that's a huge plus.The other great point here is the seller. I don't think you'll find anyone who will get them to you for this price with the shipping that ridiculously fast. I was seriously amazed.
B008VQS61U nice I work for a delivery company and I am on my feet 10 hours or more a day.  these shoes are very comfortable and lightweight.
B008VQS61U Lightweight and comfortable Got these shoes for work. They are lightweight yet provide plenty of support when I'm on my feet all day. Better looking than sneakers and in many ways more more comfortable. Correct size fit for my size 11 feet.
B0090X4EJQ Perfect fit and very comfortable Mt. Kisco Slip-On is very light, comfortable, and is well worth of money!I would recommend eveyone who are on feet all day.
B0090X4EJQ Absolutely Phenominal I'm a an ER nurse (or murse if you prefer) and on my feet for abt 12 hours straight. I found some years ago my feet feel better after 12hrs in Timberland hiking boots than 12hrs in running shoes. After 7 years and thousands of miles (in the mountains and in the hospital) my boots were wearing out. I wanted something that I could slip off for the ~27 seconds I get to sit down now and then and let my feet air out.First night with the Kiscoes I brought a 2nd pair of shoes... new shoes generally require some breaking in. Not with these. My feet felt GREAT from day one. Now I have shoes that I can wipe the blood off of and they are super comfortable as well.
B0091225MO Timberland PRO Valor Men's Newmarket Pursuit Work Boot,Black Leather Fits perfect, size exact. My husband walks and stands in these shoes for 12 to 14 hours a day. His  feet feel rested, the do not hurt. One of the better work shoes I have ever bought for him.
B0091HJFRM Amazingly comfortable and tough The finish on this boot looks great, it's also scratch resistant. I wear them all day long and they're more comfortable then most shoes. After a long day on your feet, you have no fatigue. These boots breath well, they are electrical shock resistant, oil resistant, and have a composite toe. I highly recommend them, the only downside is, they leave a little to be desired in the traction, when in your on sealed concrete and trying to really pry on something you may find yourself slipping and sliding a little, but it's not enough to change my opinion on the boot. (Slipping and sliding may be reduced if you weigh more... I'm a 190 lbs)
B0091HJFRM Great Pair of Boots They fit great and I didn't need to break them in to wear them all day.  The anti-fatigue claims are justified.  After walking around on concrete all day my feet aren&#8217;t sore.  The only annoying thing is the heel feels loose and is hard to tighten up with out crushing the rest of my foot.  Hopfully as they get more broken in I will be able to snug up the heel.
B0091HJZQI Superior comfort with superior performance I work as a smog check inspector in the state of California, in California there are more vehicles than there are of human beings. So depending on the station's service, price, etc the number of cars may vary. I for one, work at a shop that has a high volume of cars that come in per day, typically around 15-18 cars daily. Doing 15-18 smog checks on my own is quite a bit of work on the feet.My review directly reflects on the performance of these boots while on the job:Comfort - Prior to owning this particular Timberland work boots, Ive used Caterpillar, Bates, and Wolverine. I preferred Wolverines as they offered the 'Contour Welt' technology for great comfort, especially for long hours--I felt they were the most comfy of all. Im happy to say that these Timberland PRO work boot is far superior in terms of comfort and 'end of the day' results, I honestly thought boots cannot be anymore comfortable than what the Wolverine Buccaneer and Raider models offered. When I first slipped these on and tied the laces on both feet, it felt as if my feet were pillowed by some exotic Persian fabric and padding. These boots are ridiculously comfortable to wear, the best by far.Performance - Here again, prior to these, I felt that Wolverine outperformed the competition with their 'Multishox' feedback or energy return technology. But against these, there's just no comparison. Timberland's 'Anti-Fatigue' technology is like walking on cloud-nine, the energy returned or 'bounce' is amazing, it allows you to maneuver quickly, safely, and with grace without a hint of discomfort. Another excellent feature these boots have is their 'Electrical Hazard Protection', on their website it states that these boots meet ANSI Z41PT99, ASTM F2412-11, ASTM 2413-11 and F2892-11 standards to provide protection from open circuits. I do not know what all those actually mean, all I know and care about is the fact that I do not get shocked/static from touching any metal surface after going in and out of customers vehicles on a windy day. Dont you hate that, when you get in your vehicle, drive to a gas station to fill up, and you get a jolt of static electricity while closing the door? This happens because the shoes you are wearing are of rubber, a great static build up material as your shoes are touching the fabric floor mat. With these, I can work worry free of those deadly static shocks I used to get 100x a day, I can literally rub these boots on carpet for 10mins and touch you without shocking you! How awesome is that...This review has gotten longer than I wanted yet I can go on and on about how wonderful they are, but I wont, Ill let the product speak for itself. I highly recommend these boots, excellent value, and of course--buy with confidence with Amazon.
B0098X5D98 love these I went from dansko to these and will never go back. So comfortable. And after 12+hrs on my feet, they are never sore.
B0098X5D98 Very comfortable, even on first day. I have a very high arch and instep. Always hard for me to find comfortable shoes that don't hurt feet and back. these don't. Put them on for first time and wore them for 10 hours. No blisters sore feet or back. This is my second pair. Love them. Size was true to m normal size. Toe bed is wide but not horrible. I would recommend them to anyone who has high arches and instep. I really have a horrible time fitting shoes and these really worked!
B0098X5DAM Hard to get on but worth the trouble I like these shoes! I have a hard time finding shoes that fit correctly but these do. They were very stiff and hard to get on when I first got them. I had to use a shoehorn. But it was worth the trouble. They are very comfortable and I am on my feet for 12-16 hours a day. They still feel fine by the time I get home. I am still using the shoehorn (after 2 weeks) but it's worth it for the comfort of the shoes.
B0098X5DAM my daughter the waitress Bought for my daughter a waitress, she says her feet don't hurt anymore after working 8 long hours on her feet.
B0098X5DAM Snug fit but loosen up as you wear them I love these shoes. They are so snug (I have a high instep) that I have to have a shoehorn to get them on but they loosen up just enough as you wear them to be oh so comfortable. The only downside I can see is needing a shoehorn every time to put them on. I'm a nurse and am on my feet all day. These are really good shoes and I have tried many, many others.
B0098X61EO .Very comfortable.... I love these shoes, I can wear them straight out of the box, no breaking them in...I can wear them straight 12+ hours without any discomfort. I will highly recommend them to anyone.
B0098X61EO So comfortable! Despite a couple negative reviews, I decided to get these for work because I needed a new pair and I really liked the color. I'm so glad I got them! They're extremely comfortable and have been since day one. My feet don't fatigue in them like they did in my old shoes. They're true to size.The only negative things I can say about them is they scuffed up pretty easy and they squeak when you walk on hard surfaces.
B0098X6KEU Cute Comfort I am on my feet about 11 of my 12hour shift and wasable to wear these the entire shift and didn't haveany foot or heel pain the first day.I love the fact that I can wipe the shoes at the end of the day.The downside, the slope of the shoes near the outer edge,by the toes tends to pinch with my feet.  The shoes run small so order accordingly...
B009DL0YD0 good shoes I purchased these shoes because I work long hours standing on my feet, and they feel great however I did factor that I have flat feet and that I'm not use to standing on an incline for long periods of time.The incline is not much but just enough to make my feet hurt after about five hours in to my work day.This is not timberland fault cause I do wear their boots which I love,It's my feet however  I won't be returning them because I can wear them on my day off with no problem,I just can't work in them other then that it's an great shoe
B009DL0YD0 Returned mine I normally wear Dansko Wynn's and love them, best shoes I ever owned. I bought these to replace a pair of Danskos. Big mistake. These are light, well-constructed, but nothing like wearing the Daskos. My feet slipped everywhere, felt like walking in sand. OK if standing in one place, but painful for real mobility. I am walking on hard concrete all day and these were impossible with my feet sloshing around in them. Back to the Danskos for me. Amazon graciously allowed me to return these clogs; thanks, Amazon, that's why I buy everything through you.
B009DL2P6Y great brought for my husband who works as a cook,long hours on his feetso they were always sore and tired but after wearing these for one day he says his feet feels 10 times better,and he didn't  know why he waited so long to buy them
B009R8KH18 comfy sort of They need to be trimmed to fit, but thats ok, many of the general sized inserts do.  Just placed my old insoles on top and cut away. They are not squishy feeling, but they make me think of a kitchen rubber mat that you stand on to keep from having sore feet when at the sink (if you can picture what I am talking about). So they do work, just don't expect soft and thick.These will fit into normal sneakers if you trim the gray part on the sides just a bit.  I use them for nursing shoes, cause 12 hours is a long time to be on your feet and the floors are always hard!
B009R8KH18 great replacement for the oem insoles on profit boot these are an excellent replacement for the timberland pro work boot. I have flat feet. I wear through the insole in about 8 months in the ball area behind the big toe. I have several pairs of these boots (6 inch pro-fit) that are unusable to me because of the insoles wearing out. these replacement insoles are a perfect replacement, just clamp your old insole to it, trim to size, ( I left extra material and custom trimmed to comfort day to day) and the only problem I have is trimming to size/comfort. no fault of the product, I am not a shoe maker. scissors work best for me to cut the foam. these saved my boots and feet. take your time and trim to your fit. I ordered two pairs, one to replace my current 2 yr old work boots and one to replace the insoles I robbed out of a brand new pair of boots. if you love the way the original ones fit buy these. buy extras in case they take em off the market
B009R9EJ3E Do not fit! They do fit inside the boot. I was really hoping to find a great insole,  due to the fact that I am in my feet 9 hours a day.
B009R9EJ3E Wish I could get the original insole Got these about a week ago and the original insoles were a lot better than these so called anti fatigue insoles. I make it about half way through the day before my feet start hurting then my legs start to hurt. Would not recommend!!!!
B009R9EJ3E Spot on This is exactly what I needed for my line of work in a hot environment since I am on my feet all day.
B009R9EJ3E worked at the beginning Worked well at first but felt cheap after a while. I'm on my feet all day and these things started to make my feet hurt..
B009R9EJ3E The best work boot insoles, but... Bought these to replace my Timberland Pro Helix work boot insoles and they're the best out. I cook for a living and I'm on my feet 10-12 hours a day with literally no time to sit down and these help keep my feet comfortable all day. These insoles last about a year... maybe longer if you're not on your feet as much as I am.I took off one star because these came big and wide enough to fit a size 11.5 to 12 boot right out of the package. I had to guess and trim off the excess material for proper fitment in a 10.5 and ended up taking off too much material. My fault, yes, but for the price, I'd expect some trim guides etched onto the insoles to take the trimming guess work out. Also, I feel like I paid for more material than necessary and feel the cost for these should've been a lot less.
B009TAVOHK Exelent WORK boots and good for hurt knees! I have been wearing these boots for five months now working 9 hours a day, five days a week on cement floors and they are my favorite work shoe of all time. I have tried every style from running shoes to mountain hiking boots trying to find a shoe that is not too heavy, too hot, or too weak to take a beating and support me like an athlete. These boot have been getting soaked every day as I wash and brush off the paint, cement, and other nasty chemicals before I go home. A  little polish in the morning and the boots look like they have not worked a day.For the past few months I have been remodeling a basement and running up and down stairs constantly.Mind you I am 60 years old an have wrecked my knees a few times. I mention that because I was thinking I might have to quit working after this job because my knees and back were hurting so bad. BUT, Since I started wearing these Timberland's and put a better foot insert into them (because the one's that come with them are just short of crap), my pain has been reduced 80%. These boots support, protect, and have excellent traction from all angles and yet are quite flexible for ankle boots.In most shoes I wear a size 11 but found plenty of room in a size 10.5. Not only do I highly recommend them to my best friends I think I might buy another pair for hiking or just long walks.
B00AW7M97S Great quality boot- cute and comfortable too! I bought these boots in dark brown back in December, but I wanted to wait a while to review so I could give an accurate description of them. I have worn them practically every day since! They are so, so comfortable and go with everything, so I never seem to have a hard time picking out my shoes in the morning.I considered going a half size up based on other reviews but ended up ordering them true to size since I have fairly narrow feet. Yes, they were a fairly tight when I first tried them on but after the first couple of wears they stretched out and now fit my feet perfectly! Adjusting the laces also makes a huge difference.  I did get a blister the second time that I wore them, but that was more so due to very thin socks and an unexpected amount of walking. Since then they have caused me no trouble!After 3+ months of wearing these boots almost daily they are still in excellent condition. The toes are slightly scuffed, but I know that's due to my embarrassing tendency to trip on curbs! But it doesn't look bad and really doesn't bother me. Additionally, I live in a rainy city without a car so I end up walking in the rain a lot. I have had no problems with puddles in these boots. My feet stay very dry and comfortably warm.Here's the bulleted list of why these are my favorite boots:+ very, very comfy after you break them in (which doesn't take long)+ not stiff or heavy+ dark brown color looks great with jeans and even black pants+ no annoying squeaking+ great in rain! No soggy socks+ still in great condition after 3+ months of consistent wearI really have no complaints of these boots! I did a lot of research before I bought these and I am so very happy I made this purchase. Cute, comfortable, and quality! I'm happy to have a boot that I can depend on day in and day out. Consider me a satisfied customer. Thanks Timberland!
B00AW7M97S Awesome boot! Wore them for 12 hours the first day and they felt amazing. My feet weren't tired and didn't have the I've been wearing new shoes all day feeling! When I finally did take them off, I read on the insole that they have something called Anti-Fatigue. Wow! Does that ever work. Very happy with this purchase.
B00AW7M97S Great construction, comfort and styling The boot fits as expected. I always order up a size up in boots due to my wide foot and this one fits the same as all my other boots. It's comfortable enough for me to work in all day, and I'm always on my feet at work. As for its points on stylishness, I have never gotten so may compliments on a pair of shoes. In all honesty every time I wear these out I will get at least 2 compliments on these shoes. I almost want to buy another pair in anticipation of the day I wear these out.
B00AW7RBGC Love them! I bought these shoes (after searching, trying on, and sending back 3 other pairs of boots) for our European vacation in October.  These shoes held up (new) while walking all day in 50degree weather with some days having rain.  Timberlands (at least this style), I find run true to size.  I normally wear a 7.5 and I was able to wear thin and thick socks all day without any problems.  Easy to slip on and off.  I was worried about chafing or rubbing since they are loose at the ankle, but they did not!  Hope you enjoy them as much as I do!!
B00AW8HF9Y Not good for whole day walking I'm a 7.5 but ordered an 8. Not stiff at ankles but a challenge to put on. Toe box is ok but I wore these boots for mire than 12 hours a day cos I was traveling and was doing loads of walking and I had to take em off every 4 hours cos it was impinging on my foot and it got numb. But then again, I have got  bunions. Too bad it didn't come in a C/D width. Shaft is perfect for those with narrow calves.
B00AW8J5RE Great looking boot but makes feet tired after 4+ hours Really cool shoes. Good looking. Bottom is comfortable. But I feel like if I'm standing and walking for more than 4 hours straight then my knee and back hurt. It does keep my feet very warm. Recommended for nice casual boot, but not if you're going to be walking all day long.
B00AW8JG9G not that comfortable for all day very stylish, not that comfortable for all day wear
B00AW8JG9G Great boots Very casual and appropriate for daily wear.  I can wear them with jeans, dresses, leggings, skinnies all day long without pain.
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots Great boot! So excited when I got them. Nice color and soft leather. True to size. Wore them all day long the first day and I was very comfortable in them!
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable and Cute My first time wearing these was for a Fall Street Fair where I easily walked several miles. I packed a pair of tennis shoes just in case, but was pleasantly surprised that these boots were comfortable all day long! I fluctuate between a 9-9.5 and the 9 fit perfectly.
B00AZPO1BY Like walking on pillows I am a photographer.... So I can spend up to 14 hours on my feet.  These shoes are very comfortable
B00AZPO1BY Pay the extra $ for the Timberland Mt Kiscoe's Don't get me wrong. These shoes felt like pretty good shoes for the little trial walk I gave them. I had purchased theTimberland Mt Kiscoe Slip-Onshoes from amazon the day before. I'm a an ER nurse and on my feet for abt 12 hours straight. I found some years ago my feet feel better after 12hrs in Timberland hiking boots than 12hrs in running shoes. After 7 years and thousands of miles (in the mountains and the hospital) my boots were wearing out. I wanted something that I could slip off for the ~27 seconds I get to sit down now and then and let my feet air out.First night with the Kiscoes I brought a 2nd pair of shoes... new shoes generally require some breaking in. Not with those. My feet felt GREAT from day one. Then I saw these, which looked exactly the same for abt $20 cheaper and figured &#34;They're Timberlands the gotta be great.&#34; They are great, I'm sure, but night and day difference between the Kiscoes. For something that's going to be on my feet for the next 5yrs or more I'll pay the extra money.If you're just wearing these around an office, to meetings etc. Spending most of your day sitting at a desk. Then these would be totally fine. They look essentially identical to the Kiscoes.
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes but run a little tight across the toe. The fit is just a bit snug by the end of the day but I otherwise like them and recommend them if you get a fit that works for you.
B00AZPOIF8 I will probably buy again The fit was great, I ordered US 13 and normally wear a 14 in most running shoes. I was shocked by how light weight they are and they are fairly comfortable for my 8-10 hours of mostly standing at work.
B00AZPOIF8 Great Pair of shoes I do a lot of walking with my wife when she is in a really good shopping mood. Normally my lower back starts hurting when am walking around a lot on hard surfaces. I notice while walking around that my lower back was not hurt and my legs were not fatigue in these shoes. Plus I had energy for the rest of the day.Anthony R.
B00AZPOIF8 Very Light and Comfortable but not for all day on the Concrete The sole just isn't thick enough for the support you need if you are walking or standing all day on a warehouse floor. Fine for the office if you do not get out all the time. In fact I have worn them several times when I knew I would be stuck in the office for a majority of the day and they performed very well. I tried several times to wear them when I was walking the floor in the warehouse and my feet were miserable after only a few hours.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great shoes. I wear these almost every day. They are comfortable and fit rather well. They withstand quite a bit of abuse. I stand most of the day and walk around a lot. These shoes have taken the beating and keep asking for more. If you are on the fence about a set of these I would highly recommend them.
B00AZPPEQ0 Trendy and Comfortable These shoes are super comfortable. I walk about 2 miles a day to work and my feet never hurt with these. Also, I get a lot of compliments from friends when I wear these.
B00B7FIZ2C finaly a good boot Bought these boots as same size as my normal boots and fit perfect. I work on concrete and these by far are the best on my feet after a long day.
B00B7H57J4 Best boots I have ever owned! I am an HVAC mechanic at a power plant.  I spend eight hours a day on my feet.  These boots are extremely comfortable and breathable.  There is plenty of room in the toe area and great arch support.  I have plantar fasciitis and at the end of the day my feet do not hurt, like they did with my other boots.  I would recommend these to anyone who spends a lot of time on their feet.
B00B7H74CC The only choice! I will take Timberland Renova Pro's any day & every day over Dansko. As a nurse working on concrete 12+ hours a day these are the only shoes for my feet, legs and back.
B00B7H74CC New Tim's! They are exactly as advertised! Quite comfortable right out of the box! No break in period needed. I'm a nurse, on my feet for 12 hours and lots of walking! My feet didn't hurt at the end of my shift, my legs weren't tired and achy,.  I have recommended these to my co-workers.  They look good, feel great, easy to clean and totally worth the price.
B00B9PJBDC It is like wearing supportive slippers. Not a work boot, but they are very comfortable. They have mild support in the foot bed for all day comfort tooling around town or spending a casual day out and about. Enjoy em.
B00B9PM53U Can't go wrong w timberland These are the most comfortable boots I've ever bought. Since I work outside and I'm on my feet all day that says a lot.They keep my warm all day even though it's  give degees out, water proof and they have great traction. Last but not least they look great.
B00B9PM56C Perfect for Chicago Winters I can't say enough good things about these boots. They fit like a sneaker, and grip like a proper boot, and are as warm as you can ask for. The only time my feet began to get cold in these boots was when the temperature hit -14 degrees here earlier this week.Most days I end up wearing them all day at work, they are so comfortable.There are a good amount of Sorel's on feet around here, and I'm sure they are great boots, but it's nice to have something a little different. I've even received a few compliments on these.I will agree with the other posters about how the laces are a pain. It's hard to properly tighten the laces throughout their length. They are slippery and it takes work to not end up just clenching the top of the boot. It's not ideal, but I'm sure there are other laces that perform better than these.That minor complaint aside, overall these boots are excellent.
B00BB7BX66 Comfortable! This is my second pair of Timberland Earthkeepers and I love them. They take about a day to break in, and now I wear them almost every day whether it's in the office or out on the weekends. One recommendation I will make with Timberland footwear is that they run VERY large. I normally wear 11.5(M) and you should expect to go a size and a half down on these. I got 10(M) and they fit perfectly.
B00BCJV7H8 Warm and comfortable boot! I have had these a couple of months and can wear them to work and be comfortable all day. I am a teacher and stand a lot during the day. These boots are super comfortable and supportive.
B00BCJW35I Stylish and do not hurt my feet From the first time I put them on they fit perfect. They did not hurt my feet at all even tho I had them on all day. The heal is not too big. I was a little worried paying so much for a pair of shoes but since I wear them almost daily for work and I am on my feet I needed a good pair that would last. I am very pleased with my purchase. If I could change one thing it would be I wish they fit up over my ankle more, I have weak ankles and like to tie my boots tightly for more support but I haven't had a problem wearing these boots. You wouldn't even know that they are Timberland because of the stylish look, I do own a couple of Timberland boots that are more the hiking style, I didn't even know they had more of a dress boot til I started looking on here for a pair.
B00BCJWVSM pretty Wanted for work shoe. A bit too high for me to stand on my feet for twelve hours. Fit is fine but tight in toe area
B00DYQRLGS Ordering my third pair I walk a lot for work and these are by far the most comfortable yet attractive shoes I've found.  Usually you sacrifice one for the other--Not the case here.I'm tired of ordering inexpensive shoes that kill my feet and end up going to Goodwill.Spend the money. You, your feet, and your comfort are worth it. I wish they came in red and a light summery color.
B00EALSYY4 Love these!! The only reason I am giving this 4/5 stars is because the ankle comes up a little high and will rub against the ankle, so a thicker sock over the ankle may be necessary. These are true to size and extremely comfortable!!! After a year in my danskos my feet and legs started to hurt after a 12 hour shift. I felt great in these all day with little time to sit and chart! And the design is great - have had numerous compliments on my Starry Night shoes!!
B00EALSYY4 Love these shoes!!! Exactly as described and true in sizing.  Im on my feet 10 - 14 hours a day, and they are so comfortable, like walking on pillows.  I highly recomemend these shoes!
B00EALSYY4 Just what a nurse needs! I purchased these shoes for my job as a RN.  I work 12 hr shifts and would often come home with tired and painful feet and legs.  It took just one or two wears to break these shoes in.  They are very comfortably and supportive.  I have noticed a big improvement in the way I feel after a long day at work.  Plus they are really cute without being too bold.  I get several compliments on them every day.  I definitely recommend this shoe!
B00EALTP4M More comfortable than Dansko I work in the medical field and am on my feet in the hospital all day. These shoes were bought as an alternative to Dansko due to inconsistent fit with that company in the past.  They are just slightly large but actually that has turned out to be very comfortable.  So far the cushion in the sole is excellent and after a very brief (&#60;1 week) breaking in period I have not had any foot discomfort after wearing them.
B00EHHKWMS i love them this brand will b the only brand i get from now on... i am on my feet all day at work and i have yet to have any problems with my calves or thighs .. they really take the shock from your foot to the floor
B00EHHKWMS First Clogs These are the first clogs I've purchased so I am still getting used to wearing something other than running shoes. I get a lot of compliments on these. I work as a nurse doing 12 hour shifts. I normally wear a size 7 to 7.5 sometimes and size 7 in this shoe is the best fit. This is a deep fitting shoe; I did have to place an insert in the heal so that my ankles wouldn't rub on top of the sides of the shoe, which worked nicely. I have noticed that my legs and knees are being worked differently in these shoes; I think it is possible that my muscles are just getting used to working in shoes that have a raised heal. Aside from that, my feet never hurt at the end of my shifts, and I have no trouble pulling 3 or 4 shifts in a row then actually enjoying my day off afterwards. If knees get used to working in raised heals, I'd purchase another pair.
B00GKC59LM Great piece of luggage This is my 3rd bad like this.  It is just under the size limits for airlines.  It's a great suitcase to &#34;live out of&#34; because the sides stay up and you can find things in there from day to day,  It rolls easy and held up for a 9 day tour of Northern Europe.  I have a brown version that has done well on a 14 day cruise trip, 1 trip to CA and the same 9 day European trip.  Due to it's size be careful not to overstuff with heavy things as you can exceed the 50lb weight limit.
B00GNZFWA4 i would not tell any body to buy them i am very disapointed in them there work boots but hurt your feet by the end of the day they should be compfortbal its the 2nd pair of timberland work shoes i bought from you and they both hurt my feet
B00H3ASMNW Does its job Timberland has changed its pattern (I bought it last year). This one looks a little bit more synthetic and feet don't smell very good after a busy day but it protects well the feet inside so it still does the job...
B00H46N3TI Perfect to avoid sweaty bare feet I was skeptical when my wife bought these for me. I tried them and was very surprised at how well they stayed on my feet, and how comfortable they were.I highly recommend them if you want to avoid sweaty feet in your shoes but don't want socks to show
