B000073TM3 Shoe laces The shoe laces shredded and they were purchased less than a month ago. I had to go out and buy a new pair of laces. They are not the most comfortable boots and they certainly do not keep the feet very warm. They do however, keep the feet fairly dry in the rain.
B00009WM7J Love it The waterproof boots perform perfect in snow days. Keep feet dry and warm. They also look good. I love it!
B0000AFSX4 Great boots for little hikers Bought these for my two year old granddaughter.  So far they've held up nicely through several early season campouts in the Wash. Cascades.  She's worn them in the rain with her rainsuit, and splashing in puddles when it wasn't raining, but the boots kept her feet dry as advertised.  And they look adorable on her as well!  Great service, fast shipping, overall an excellent online purchase.
B0000AFSYY TImberlands are the best My nephew loves them, this is his 2nd pair, they hold up very well with a rugged kid and keep his feet dry. I did buy 1 size larger just to make them last longer... no problem, he puts on 2 pair of socks,
B0000AFSYY LOVE the shoes First pair of timberlands and they fit great and they're stylish!! Keeps my feet dry in the rain/ sleet!! The shipping was fast too :)
B0000AFSYY Shopped around, wasted gas, and found nothing I took my grandson out shopping for new waterproof boots for camping. He is a Cub Scout, so he does a lot of camping and hiking in all types of weather. Keeping your feet warm and dry makes a happy camper!We couldn't find anything well made, fit well, and was waterproof. As soon as we got back home I got on Amazon, and found these in ten minutes. They came the next day and they fit perfectly! He has wide feet, so finding these that are actually wides made both of us very happy. Has worn them already to camp and hike in and they kept his feet warm and dry!I should start at Amazon first, before wasting time and gas on box stores.
B0000DFAXV Great Women boots. My daughter wanted these boots for Christmas.  She really likes them and they keep her feet warm and dry.  Recommend highly.
B000AKVA6I A working man review so far they are good pair of boots kept my feet dry in the rain not to bad to walk in either. when the time comes I would buy another pair
B000B2G1MI Great boot! I buy this for pair for my son every year.  They hold up very well with a 4-year old's antics and keep his feet warm and dry!
B000BB15ZC New purchase So far so good use them for a hike in the morning and feet stay dry.
B000BB15ZC Denver work shoe I purchased as a gift for my son who is a baggage handler at DIA. It gets COLD these boots have kept his feet warm and dry.
B000BB15ZC Feel's Great! Very comfortable and warm.  I've been using them to deal with all the snow thats been coming down lately and they have been doing what is expected of them.  Keeping my feet warm and dry!
B000BB15ZC Purchased at the right time! Recent weather put them to the test .Dry and warm so far,I still prefer last pair  of Ecco boots .
B000BB15ZC Comfortable I bought these for my boyfriend for christmas and he loves them. He works outside a lot and said they are comfortable and keep his feet warm.
B000BB15ZC Great boot A lightweight, comfortable boot. The Gore Tex really keeps your feet dry without making your feet sweat. I'm very happy with them.
B000BB15ZC Comfortable It took almost no time to break these in! Light and comfortable. I have not been able to check whether the Gore Tex keeps feet dry in snow and wet weather.
B000BB15ZC Great boots Hiked for a week in Glacier National Park and the Canadian Rockies and they were comfortable the entire time.  I've also taken them hiking through 6 inches of melting Wisconsin snow in the spring time, and they kept my feet warm and dry.  I'd definitely buy these again.
B000BB15ZC only choice for me very lite, durable, warm in winter, cool in summer, keeps your feet dry. This is the only type and style of boot I've worn in the last 4 years, each pair last over a year, I'm a big guy with flat feet, these boots last and feel good the first time you put them on.
B000BB15ZC Good boot, great value Boots were purchased for teenager Boy Scout. Boots have worn well and keep feet dry. They have been durable and held up through several camping trips. Recommend highly
B000BB15ZC Just as advertised! I live in WA and I wanted some waterproof/hiking boots since there's a lot of trails and rains all the time out here.  Saw these and after reading the reviews decided to get them.  Once they arrived, I tried them on and they fit perfectly!  These are some of the most comfortable boots I've ever worn.  Perfect timing too as it's been raining all the time and my feet are perfectly warm and dry.  I definitely recommend it!
B000BB15ZC I like them. It was for my sweetie he said it was a good fit they keeps his feet dry very Good work boots!
B000BB15ZC Nice boots This is the first pair of decent boots I bought.Even though without much comparison, I would say this is great boots.  It's very comfortable and weather proof as well.  Less than a month I made the purchase, I wore them to climb Mount Kilimanjaro as well as on an extensive Safari trip in central Africa (Actually that's what I bought them for), it keeps my feet dry and warm in low temperature conditions on the 5000 meters mountain slope.  It equally breaths well in the 80 degree African tropical dry lands. and won't smother my feet.I'm glad to make the purchase, now I'm wearing them regularly, both for outdoor hiking and during rainning weather.One thing to keep in mind, If you buy them for hiking purposes, You should always try the boots out in the afternoon and with your hiking socks on, since hiking socks are usually pretty thick than reqular cotton ones, and in the afternoon your feet is larger than in the morning.  I wish i bought mine a half size larger.
B000BB15ZC Great boot for the outdoors First, I wear a size 14 and ordered the wide. That being said, these boots fit great. One of the few times I've loved a boot right from the moment my feet slipped inside. I can wear thick socks or thin with these and the fit is good. They secure well and give good all around support. I also have slightly flat feet, and these have given great support to my arches. I haven't had to put an insert in this shoe so far and I've hiked miles and miles with them. They've been up and down hills, rock climbing, marching through creeks, frozen marshes and icy hiking trails. I have nothing but praise for them. They keep my feet warm and dry and have gripped well. They still look great. This is my new favorite boot.
B000BB15ZC Good and comfortable I bought a pair at Wrentham Premium Outlet. The boots were recommended by the staff for their ability to keep the feet warm and dry under all kinds of weather conditions. I just wore them for the first time today, which happens to be a fairly rainy day. It was great. My boots kept my feet dry indeed! The only grouse I have is that the leather tends to remain wet for quite some time. I am not sure if the boots will leak eventually as what was mentioned by some reviewers, but the boots look promising to last for the coming winter!
B000BFIHVS Comfortable Very comfortable and so far my husbands feet are dry in a very wet spring.  He did apply mink oil as was suggested.  He enjoys them and they have become his everyday choice.
B000BFIHVS hurt my feet after reading the reviews on the white ledge boots i bought them.the boots look good and keep my feet dry in the rain.the problem is they hurt my feet after wearing them all day.they need a better insole.i won't buy them again.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge Very comfortable. Keep my feet warm and dry all day. I am very happy with the quality and fit of these boots.
B000BFIHVS Bought these for a trip to Ireland I never write reviews, but I felt compelled to write about these Timberlands and the pack I bought. These boots are great! I'm a 43 year old videographer and Right out of the box I put them on and worked an 8 hour day, mostly on my feet, and they were quite comfortable. The next day I could feel a little pressure on the top left boot by the laces, didn't really bother me I just noticed it. As I broke the boots in that went away quickly. I originally purchased them for a 2 week stay in Ireland during March. It was rainy and cold almost the entire trip. Not only did they keep my feet warm, but dry as well. Great traction too, I was climbing some wet rocks and didn't have any problems. I would definitely recommend these boots.
B000BFIHVS Great day hiker These boots are just what the Dr. Ordered. Look and feel great out of the box. Will keep you warm and dry on the trail
B000BFIHVS Waterproof Finally, a waterproof boot that keeps your feet dry. Its only been a week, but my feet are still dry.
B000BFIHVS Awesome boot I bought these boots for my son who lives in Vermont.  He doesn't have a car, so he has to walk everywhere, in the weather.  He loves them and says they keep his feet dry and warm.  They provide traction on the snow.  He wears a 10 1/2 shoe, so went a half size larger for thick winter socks.
B000BFIHVS Great Hiking Boot Bought these to go up to Oregon during the wet season, and man is it wet.  These boots keep my feet dry and warm.  They were comfortable and broke in right out of the box.  I will buy another pair of Timberland White Ledge boots.
B000BFIHVS all weather boot I used it during noreaster and it kept me warm and dry.  That is what I was looking for plus the boot is comfortable.  It does not chafe and looks good
B000BFIHVS Great boots These boots are excellent for hiking but also also for just dealing with snow and rain. The waterproof shoe including the tongue keeps your feet dry. They fit well and feel stable and comfortable while you walk. Picked up for $75 which was well worth it for the quality of the boot.
B000BFIHVS The right boot for me. Seem very durable so far. Comfortable to wear all day. Keep feet warm and dry in snow. Not too bulky or heavy.
B000BFIHVS Great boots. Timberland.  What else can you say?  Comfort.  Style.  And affordable.  These boots will keep your feet warm and dry while looking great.
B000BFIHVS Great boots These are a great pair of boots  and are long lasting. These are my second pair and I know there going to be just great and keep my feet dry as well.
B000BFIHVS Can't beat timberland Awesome boot!  I purchased this boot for a very cold winter. Not only are these warm, they also keep my feet nice and dry. Love these boots and you can't beat the quality you get for the price.
B000BFIHVS Nice, Sturdy and Warm From the time I took these out of the box, I could tell they were well made. I purchased these for working in the yard.  My first weekend was two straight days of wet December weather. The boots kept my feet dry and warm the whole time. At first they were a bit stiff but in the end, they worked out very well.  I would reccomend these boots.
B000BFIHVS Great Buy Got these for the hubby & he Loves them, he actually wants me to buy him another pair. His feet stay warm & dry which make him HAPPY. He also likes the color because if they get wet you can't tell.
B000BFIHVS Excellent brand name shoes! The price is good, and the shoes are very comfortable they keep my feet warm and dry best for winter !
B000BFIHVS Great Boots I bought these boots for my husband as a Christmas gift. It is difficult to buy shoes for him because he has wide feet. He loves these boots. They keep his feet warm and dry and he loves that they're so light weight for a boot. We would definitely buy these boots again.
B000BFIHVS The waterproof boot failed to keep my feet dry The boot is supposed to be waterproof, but it is not. My feet got wet and cold in the snow.
B000BFIHVS a+++++ I love the. They keep my feet warm and are comfortable. I have wide feet so the 13ee fit great.
B000BFIHVS great boots Nice boots, they keep my feet warm and dry. Comfortable fit and nice looking as well.I would buy again for sure!
B000BFIHVS 2nd pair Love these boots. Runs true to size. First pair lasted me 7 years or almost daily use. Keeps my feet dry and warm here in coastal AK.
B000BFIHVS Fits nice Just bought them for my 16 yr old son for Christmas and he loves them. He's been wearing them everywhere. Through the snow, rain or just dry weather he wears them. Keeps his feet warm and comfortable.
B000FX9A5S Great Boots! Great boots! Buying them for over 10 years. I think they run a little large so I get a half size smaller.  I get about 2 1/2 years per pair every day all year around. They keep my feet warm and dry as long as I'm not in water over the laces.  Highly recommended
B000G21BSC They keep my feet dry. Bought these just before moving to the UK countryside more than four years ago.  And we all know how the weather is here.  I've been up to my ankles in mud in more than one occasion and my feet stayed completely dry.  They're a little neglected and I've yet to clean them (!) so no surprise that swishing through very long and very wet grass the other day I thought I felt a little dampness coming through the boot.  Time to give them a treatment.  I bought a ladies 9.5W as I usually buy Merrells which have always been snug, but these have lots of room.  I'm about to purchase another pair a size smaller, and keep the ones I have know for everyday wear.
B000G21BSC Exactly what I wanted!!!! Awesome fit. Very very comfortable. Water proofing works great. ( had to spray them off a few times from being in the barn and my toes and feet stayed nice and dry) love them. I need to buy another pair to keep on hand :D
B000G21BSC Perfect Hiking Boots. My daughter loves them. She had to hike 15 miles and her boots were very comfortable and kept her feet dry and warm. Thank you Timberland for providing this excellent product. We were extremely satisfied with the service , fast delivery and overal process of buying these boots. Thank you Amazon.com it has been pleasure to conduct business with you (like always)
B000G23DQK A perfect shopping! I often work in wet places, this perfectly suited to my needs for a long time to walk, stand, most of the day can keep feet dry and comfortable.This looks very strong, durable, I look forward to the next discount to give his brother bought a pair of.
B000G23DQK My son's feet are warm. For trucking around the U of M campus in winter, these are his favorite shoes.  Keep his feet warm and dry.He doesn't compliment many things.  These he mentions often.
B000G23DQK Nice looking and sturdy boots My college age son ordered these when he realized the winters in Pennsylvania at college required more than sneakers! He said they are warm, keep his feet dry and best of all added almost 2 inches to his height. They fit true to size and are very well made.  They must be extremely popular, since we could not locate them in any local stores at the mall, and got the last pair in stock on line.
B000G23DQK Lowest priced one still good Bought the cheapest one of the bunch which was also the worst color but I was not going for fashion.  I need boots that would keep my feet dry and warm and give me good traction.  This boot does all of those things and I am pleased with it.  I gave it 4 stars because they could be more comfortable and they do squeak a bit but this could be because they have not been broken in.  I am thinking of getting a pair for my dad.
B000HGZRUK Warm and comfortable I like that these boots are a variation from the Timbo style I see most of my friends wear. I wear them to class and out at night with jeans. They keep my feet dry and warm.
B000KVA7YI Great boots for any occasion especially concrete construction I work in all weather types.  I'm on my feet at least 10 hrs daily at work.  These boots keep my feet warm and dry and help relieve stress of being on feet so much during the work day.  Actually, I wear them for most of my home chores also.
B000KVA7YI boots they are great boots the keep my feet very warm even when i wear regular nike socks. they are very comfortable, and the water stays out
B000QW02F0 great work boots these boots are great I use them all year and I live in Colorado and they meat all safety standards and keep my feet dry
B000QW02F0 Awesome Boots My husband works outdoors, in the rain, and on roofs. These boots have been the ones he's loved best. They keep his feet dry and he says they're really comfortable. They're the best ones out there for his line of work. They only last about six months until he wears through the soles, but they are still better than all of the other boots he's tried...especially considering that he is on his feet all day in the rain and on rooftops.
B000VIAOMU Great little hiking boots! I bought these for my two year old son in August 2013 for a week of hiking in the Tongass National Rainforest. The boots were great! They did a great job at keeping his feet warm and dry and they have great traction. I noticed a lot less slipping and sliding when he wore these. They must be pretty comfortable too because they are the only shoes that he doesn't immediately want off his feet. He's worn them daily since that trip and they have held up well so far.
B000VQ9QKS I love these boots :) I bought my 1st pair a while ago...talking 2 years or so...and I put a lot of miles on my hiking boots. These once are great. From day one on I never had a hot-spot or blister. They are great when you cross rivers, etc. keep your feet nice and dry without the stiffness of some of the other waterproof boots. The grip on the soul is great too.
B000VQ9QKS Terrific hiking/snow boots I bought these Timberlands because after about 10 years, it was finally time to give up my old ones. Timberland boots are very rugged, but also comfortable, as they are nicely padded inside and around the ankles. The Goret Tex exterior keeps my feet dry and the soles are sturdy and stable on rocky uneven terrain, which I traverse across on my way to the train.
B000VQ9QKS Total comfort. I have big feet (11W), and I can honestly say that finding shoes, let alone shoes for a specific purpose like hiking, is extremely difficult. I was thrilled to finally receive these beauties and try them on...and miracle of miracles...they fit! And they do not just "fit", either. These boots are the most comfortable shoes I have worn in a long long time, sneakers and sandals included. The boots have kept my feet dry and warm in rain and three feet of snow, as well as blister-free on long hikes. Will definitely be ordering extra pairs of these spectacular hiking boots!
B000VQ9QKS Great Purchase! I love these boots. They fit like a glove and are super warm. They keep my feet nice and dry, nothing gets through them. Best winter purchase yet!!
B000VQ9QKS WATER PROOF THE GORTEX WORKS AS ALWAYS FEET STAY DRY. WISH THEY COULD OF MADE IT WARMER FEET GOT COLD A LITTLE AFTER WORKING OUTSIDE FOR 3 HOURS
B000VQ9QKS Best Boot I have worn these boots for years and they are the best.  They keep my feet warm and dry.  Their light weight reduces fatigue from long days on the trail.
B000VQBPOS Great boots, reasonably priced I had been looking for a pair of boots that were waterproof & warm but weren't really expensive.  I also didn't want something that was going to make my feet look really big and clunky.  These are just what I was looking for.  Honestly, they are not the most comfortable boots I have ever had, but the more I wear them the better they are getting.  They keep my feet warm and dry at my kids soccer games (which is why I wanted them in the first place).  So far (I have had them for about 6 weeks), I am extremely happy with my purchase.
B000VQBPOS Great boot. I love this little boot. Great traction. Warm & dry. I had to stretch them a bit as they were snug across the bridge of my foot (wide feet). Very comfy.
B000VW69IY Comfortable all-rounder It's very true to size, and I have wide feet so have found the 2E to be a good fit. Nice cushioning under the feet and I can wear it all day thanks to the vents. My only concern is how quick the insides will dry if I wear it in the rain.
B000VX03GC Great camping shoe Excellent stability and support.  Keeps your feet warm and dry.  Very comfortable to walk around all day.  No complaints.  Recommend highly.
B000VX03GC Great boots. Size was just about perfect. Been wearing these out often in this not stop snow, below zero and wet weather in Michigan. Feet have stayed dry and warm.
B000VX03GC High Quality and Great Performance These boots fit like a glove, they are very comfortable to wear all day and the laces don't come undone. They indeed keep my feet dry.
B000VX03GC Good deal, looks good, fits well and warm and dry. This was by far the best price I could find on similar Timberlands. I wore them this past weekend on an outdoor fall camping trip. Temps dropped in 30s and it was rainy and muddy. My feet stayed dry and warm throughout and the boots were very comfortable during walks. The boots were very easy to get on and take off. They seem to be constructed well.
B000VX03GC Definitely worth the $$ I wear this boot when travelling to temperate countries for winter vacation. So far it had held up for the past 2 trips and I am looking forward to using it on my next trip in 3 weeks' time!It had kept me warm and dry all these while. Highly recommended! :)
B000VX03GC Bought these boots 2 years ago Are still going strong I Drive a truck (flatbed) so am out in the Weather all the time these boots keep my feet warm and dry. They get more abuse than expected from a hiking boot. I was at a concrete plant loading blocks it had rained the day before and my boots got covered in concrete mud. Figured they where ruined but a good cleaning and some mink oil and they looked brand new (they mud had caked on ). Am going to buy another pair as the soles are finally wearing out.
B000VX03GC Great Boots! If you want great boots, then this boot is for you. They are comfortable. They will keep your feet dry. I would recommend this product.
B000VX03GC Great Workhorse These boots have been my trusted companion for over 3 years and it pains me to have to throw them away. These boots have been everywhere with me, all my adventures and i like to go hard, these boots have stood up to so much abuse, they have been through so many creeks and different types of terrain. These boots will get your feet wet if you push them too far and not use a bit of common sense but generally speaking the goretex is pretty good and if used properly will keep your feet dry. If you want dry feet, no matter what, get Muck boots. I have literally just thrown mine away after over 3+ years, the sole at the back was coming away. I'm going to buy another pair this week. i looked at other boots, i came close to pulling the trigger on a pair of Vasque GTX but realized the Chocorua is perfect for my needs and $50 less.
B000VX03GC light, confortable! light, confortable!I like the way it looks like!It is very light for a 6 inch boot!Gore Tex works well, it keep me dry and warm!
B000VX03GC dry & comfortable Love these boots. Third pair in 8 years,comfortable right out of the box. I build tools for cutting stone, spend alot of time wading around in mud and water in the mills,hose of my boots when i leave and my feet are still dry and cozy. Ready to walk in the next customers office. New pair seems to be a little narrow compared to previous boots ,they are  bit warm for summer , but still breath well to let moisture out.
B000VX03GC Great boots They fit well and broke in fast. Very light and comfortable. Can be worn as casual dress boots or for work. Either way your feet we'll stay dry
B000VX03GC great boots i wear these boots 5 days a week for work. they fit very snug witch i like, but in the cold when i put on extra socks they are very tight. i would probably go up a half of a size next time i buy them as others have said. the main thing is they keep my feet dry.
B000VX03GC Great Boots! worth every penny this is the second pair of these I havehave purchased. My husband delivers for UPS. He is out and all kinds of weather and is on his feet from 10 to 13 hours every day. these keep his feet warm,dry, and a very comfortable.
B000VX03GC Good Boot 3rd pair, I walk alot and they wear but they keep everything out and my feet dry!
B000VX03GC Wore Out Shoelaces in One Week These fit well, are super comfortable, grip well in snow,and keep my feet dry, but the top metal shoelace eyeletsare poorly designed and wore out the shoelaces within a weekon both boots. I had to replace the thicker "hiker" shoelacesthat came with the boots with thinner, sturdier ones.
B000VX03GC great boot! Purchased these for my son to wear on boy scout hikes.  He was on a camping trip this past weekend and wore these boots for the first time.  He reports the boots were comfortable right out of the box...no blisters!  There was also a day where the rain was pouring down.  The boots kept his feet dry and protected.  Great investment!
B000VX03GC keeps you dry My husband loves these because he has to work outside, sometimes in wet mud.  He always stays dry and says they are very comfortable.
B000VX03GC Fit perfectly!! They fit perfect out of the box which is usually a problem for my wide feet.  Walked the dog for 2 hours in the rain.  My feet were dry and there was no pain.
B000VX03GC Warm and dry experience I like the style. Boots have many nice details. I wore them in a rainy day and was happy to have warm dry feet while the weather outside was nasty (thanks to GTX). Good ankle grip, firm laces knot, easy care, sturdy look.
B000VX03GC Great Boot I love these boots. They are lite weight and wear very well. I have bought many pairs since I wear them daily on the farm.They keep my feet dry!
B000VX03GC Great boots Boots are exactly as described .after reading  in one of the other customer reviews that the boots run a little small, I sized up by half and they fit perfect .Very comfertable feel like sneakers. Very easy too wear all day.gore tex and insulation perfect combo to keep your feet warm and dry in the cold.Package was delivers ahead of schedule, I never seem too go wrong when I order from amazon, excellent  shopping Experience
B000VX03GC Comfy and Warm and Dry These boots can be worn all day.  Not a lick of water comes through.  Happy, would recommend to anyone.
B000VX04PC Comfortable Living in Buffalo&#60; NY the boots are doing just what I need them to do&#60; keep my feet warm and dry. Perfect as long as the snow on the ground is not too deep!!!
B000XEA5ZI great work boot This shoe is true to size.  it fits well keeps my feet warm and dry!  they look great and feel better.
B000XEAA0S Comfy and feet are dry I got these boots 3 weeks ago. I ordered the wide size and the just fit usually when I get wide there is more room, took 4 days before they molded to my feet. They are very comfortable, pretty light for a 8&#34; boot. I work in a paper mill so always on cement lots of water and my feet have stayed dry.  Now the test will be to see how long they last but first impressions are a great boot
B000XEAA0S Strong, sturdy,dry So, I work in the harshest possible environment. Strong chemicals used to break down animal proteins and fats, along with the rigors of working. Climbing, electrical work, standing water, plumbing. I simply used some  "camp dry" silicone spray and these boots are wonderful. They keep my feet dry, are very warm.
B000XEACHO Great boot for snow and rain I bought these for my husband.  We live in New England. Hes a carpenter and is outside all-day.  He had been coming home and his feet were soaked.  Obviously we all now thats not good.  I bought these HOPING they would help.  They are great and worth the money.  My husband says his feet are dry all-day.  Maybe not the rest of him but his feet are dry!
B000XEACHO Great Boots! I bought these boots for my son who works in a junk yard taking cars apart and he says they are comfortable yet keep his feet dry and safe, he loves them!
B000XEACHO excellent workmanship very good product...I'm a construction worker who's feet are constantly in and out of water and are always rubbing, kicking, scraping all kinds of rough surfaces. These are the best boots I've had the pleasure of wearing. Make sure you buy something to absorb the sweat though because these boots are sealed and don't breath very well...but guaranteed to keep your feet warm and dry.
B000XEACHO Good fit, Waterproof My son work in the rain, snow, mud and with heavy equipment everyday. So far he says they are very comfortable and have kept his feet dry and warm. However, has worn the boots for only a month. Will post further if problems occur.
B000XEACHO Timberland Work Boots Purchased these boots for my boyfriend. They are steel toe and waterproof. He complained about one part of ONLY his left boot. It was apparently rubbing up against his ankle. Perhaps it was defective? We're not sure but he fixed the problem by breaking them in. Then again maybe he just has wide feet. Overall great boots for the price they keep his feet dry and warm.
B000XEACHO Great Value I wear these boots six days a week for work. The quality is great and they keep my feet dry, warm and comfortable for a ten to twelve hour work day.  I drive a truck and I am in and out of the cab all day, witch can be very demanding on my feet, and these boots hold up to the job very well.
B000XEAKWG Boots fit great Boots fit great and I am very pleased with my purchase. I do a lot of walking in the mornings and my feet keep dry. I would recommend these to a friend.
B000XEAKWG Great Boots So far the boots have been great, I ordered my exact shoe size and they seem to fit just fine. I work outside in the weather and my feet are staying dry and warm. Very Happy with the boots so far. Only Complaint has nothing to do with the boot but the almost 2 weeks to get them via the free super saver shipping just way too slow! If you need them in a decent time frame dont free ship them, they stated in stock and still about 2 weeks to arrive. It took about 4 business days before they were even loaded on truck for shipping.
B000XEAMXS Best boots consistently This is the 3rd pair of boots.  FedEx driver in the NE and all kinds of surfaces in all seasons.  If we can get boots to last one year it is a value.  He comes home with dry, DRY feet and is happy.  We are ordering again, lightweight, safe toe, dry boot.
B000XEEQAI Comfortable My husbands work boots. He says this boot is very comfortable and durable. This is a nice looking affordable boot. Keeps his feet dry in the winter also.
B000XEEW9S Excellent Boot Boots are worth the price. Bought these to replace a previous brand that were not breathable and were very hot - These boots are not only very comfortable, but are keeping my feet cool and dry during these hot summer days.
B000XEIZ7S also me boots Extremely comfortable and warm even in severe cold weather .Also does stay dry in wet conditions.Just have to see how long they last to determine if they are the best boots ever.
B000XEIZ7S Best boots I ever purchased I have had these boots before.I purchased a different brand.I went back to the Good the comfort and that they keep my feet dry. That is important for someone in the public utility field.
B000XEJ3HO Confortable but not durable Got these boots about a month and a half ago.  They are comfortable and keep my feet warm and dry.  My complaint is the soles at the balls of my feet are beginning to split.  I am a delivery driver for a multi-national company. I wear these boots daily for work.  They are not abused and this should not be happening.
B000XEKCRE Very Comfortable Boots I purchased the boots a few months ago. They are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. The boots do not need a break in period. They protect your feet, keep them dry, and are comfortable.
B000XEKHOC Fantastic Boots I work as a Cable techincian, this boots are perfect for this job. my they keep my feet warm and dry on extreme weather all day long. They are also not heavy, very comfortable. I recommended.
B000XEKHOC Good shoe Work 12 hr days and they feel just as good at the end of the day.  Fit as expected and keep my feet warm and dry
B000XEKHOC Boots Boots fit perfect from the moment I put them on, I had a chance to wear them on a wet snowy day and they did there job of keeping me warm and dry , looks like these boots will do the trick of keeping me high and dry. besides being a good looking boot and easy to care for, thank you.
B000XEKHOC Great Boots Timberland PRO boots have been my favorite for years, I purchased these thick sole boots to try them out on yard work andthey are warm during the winter and keep my feet dry...boots are not heavy and have performed great and appear to be resistant to hard labor.  I love these boots!
B000XEKHOC great shoe The timberland PRO is a very good boot. It  keeps my feet warm and dry . I had plenty of time to test them over the last two weeks with heavy snow and a single digit temperatures. I highly recommend them to anyone.
B000XEKHOC love these boots I'm A truck driver and these boots are great, They keep my feet dry and no slipping or sliding off the truck. I would recommend these boots.
B000XEKHOC great boots Fit is good, warm so far so good! feet have been warm and dry all week.I work outside every day if they hold up they will be a great boot for the price... good looking boot also
B000XEKHOC Best boots for cold, wet weather My husband's job is outside and he says these boots keep him warm (temp has been 10 degrees), dry, and are very comfortable. No break in was needed. He bought wide and fit was perfect.
B000XEKK94 Perfect Fit perfectly and so far they seem waterproof.  Haven't stepped in big puddles or anything but did walk in 2 feet of snow and so far feet kept warm and dry.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots Timberland always makes quality Items.  Good sturdy boot, for someone who wears them causally, always kept my feet warm and dry in the winter.
B000XEKK94 Good Boot My son loves the boots.  Seem to keep his feet dry even on rainy and snowy days.  These are durable all-purpose boots.
B000XEKK94 Great boots I wear these boots almost everyday and I've taken them for field work (hiking in the Tahoe national forest, no trails). Snow is no issue, my feet stayed completely dry. Very comfortable and no blisters! Great boots.
B000XEKK94 Nothing Better After nearly 15 years of extreme pleasure with the Timberland Chukkas, I needed new boots.  Went to lots of stores, tried on lots of boots.  I wasn't going to buy anything on-line without trying it on in a store first, and finally ran across these in a local store.  They felt GREAT right out of the box, but didn't have my size at 2 different stores so I ordered them here.  I can't tell you how hapy I am with them.  If you're looking for waterproof boots that are comfortable all day long -- these are it!  There's just enough padding in the soles so they are comfortable yet firm, just enough insulation to keep warm but not be too hot, and just enough flex in the ankle for perfect support.  The traction is awesome as well.  I haven't tried them out in the snow yet, but have no doubt they will keep my feet warm and dry.
B000XEKK94 Awesome boots, Look and function great. Highly recommend these boots, they kind of scuff if you are doing harder work but the color is perfect and they keep you warm and dry.
B000XEKK94 all day comfort! these boots are as good so far! comfortable fit, I will recommend it to my friends, I won't mind another pair soon again, while at work, seems my feet stayed warm and dry all day in wet snow conditions. nice! thank you!
B000XEKK94 Timberline pro My son loves them..they keep his feet warm and dry. Sorry for the slow return of this review. It was a holiday gift.
B000XEKK94 Great boots for the price! I bought these as a gift for my brother so I can only go on his word although I have owned same brand in the past. He said the are warm and comfortable and kept his feet warm and dry while shoveling snow all night long through a recent snowstorm in Denver. I will probably get some myself.
B000XEKK94 Quality Boot This is the third pair of this boot style I've owned in the past 6 years. I keep coming back because you can always count on Timberland for producing a good quality product. The waterproofing of these boots can lasts for years even in harsh conditions. I use them in the snow and rain and they keep my feet dry. This boot is extremely comfortable once you break them in a bit and they are pretty light. For work boots that don't require a steel toe, you can't go wrong with these.
B000XEKK94 Love these boots These are the most comfortable boots I've ever owned. The fit was perfect and there was no break in period at all. My feet stay warm and dry and in the dead of winter in Iowa, that's saying something. You won't be disappointed with these boots.
B000XEKK94 Great work boots I bought these for my husband who works in cold, damp conditions.  The boots are well made and he stays warm and dry.  Very satisfied and would purchase again.
B000XETJU0 Great Boot Great comfortable work boot.  They keep my feet dry in wet grass and provide comfort during a 12 hour day on my feet.
B000XETJU0 Great work boots These boots are the same knind of boots that I have wore for years. I really like thiem. They are confortible and keep my feet warm and dry.
B000XETJU0 love em! great boots ! warm & dry too, and great traction, also nice looking, couldn't be happier! this is my second pair of pit bosses.
B000XETJU0 Pro pitboss Very comfortable and sturdy. Wish it was waterproof, but does a decent job keeping feet dry in moderate conditions. Recommend these boots for work.
B000XETU1I Solid, comfortable boot! This is my third pair. This boot is priced right and each pair has lasted me around 9 months to a year. And I am constantly getting them wet, then dry, wet, then dry. Which is obviously very hard on leather. Can't go wrong with these!!!
B000XEVM50 Awesome work shoe Nice light weight, durable, comfortable pair of shoes. I highly recommend.....I'm on my feet up to 18 hrs on some shows and my feet are dry and not hurting....
B000XEVM8W Great for greenhouse work! Got them for my boyfriend who works in a greenhouse. He said they took a little while to brake in but other then that they are easy to work in for 12+ on your feet. He did say that they keep his feet dry but they dont breath very well so his feet tend to sweat. He also said for being steel toe shoes they are pretty light. Over all he likes them and he said he would recommend them.
B000XEW60K best! Comfortable to wear all day.  keep my feet dry and comfy!  Easy to get on and off. just great  WOW!
B000XEW60K Wow Its not as conferrable as they say, I wear them for about 12hrs a day and they need to come off after that. but they hold up good, feet stay dry. They do scratch up to much.
B000XF04LM Perfect Love them! I work around alot of liquids (BEER) and they do great protecting against slips and keep my feet dry.
B000XF4D1Y Comfortable Comfortable, water resistantlight wt.I wear them all day long.Keep my feet warm and dry.Has good support
B000XR2W1U Comfortable New shoes are usually painful but these were comfortable from the first time I wore them.  No blisters or wearing in time.  I walked through a puddle yesterday and my feet stayed completely dry.  They're great.
B000XR2W1U Great Work Boot My daughter got a job at a construction site. I wanted a boot that she could be comfortable in, as well as keep her safe. The boots fit her well and are good quality. She loves the boots and stays warm and dry in them all day.
B00110CR1S i like them wore them to work today kept my feet warm and dry I hope they last all winter long will recommend to others
B001702712 Terrific value I purchased these for my 20 yr old son who is a college student in Vermont. He walks to class ( and everywhere else) and needed a lightweight hiking shoe that would keep his feet dry and warm outside while being comfortable enough to wear inside. They have very high mileage already and are holding up surprisingly well and are definitely waterproof.
B001708FZE just what i was looking for These boots are definitely worth giving a try if you are looking for something functional with a little style. I love that they keep my feet dry and warm during the rainy season but can be worn anytime since they are not rubber rain boots. The width was a bit narrow for me at first but they definitely form to your feet after a day or two of wear. also thanks to the lacing detail, they can be adjusted to fit any calf sizes (although this sacrifices water protection where the shaft starts). Overall, a good purchase. I am very happy with these boots.
B001708FZE Another Win for Timberland I bought these boots to take over for my last pair of Tim's.  These boots are fabulous!!!  Seriously, they keep my feet plenty warm, are a great height, not overly bulky, yet sturdy and even in slushy snow the outside stays dry.  I was worried I would have to do a water repellant and I didnt.  Mine came with black and tan laces as well as two pairs of insoles.  I love Timberland products and have yet to be disappointed.
B001708FZE Great value Nice and warm, they keep my feet dry, and they are very comfortable.  Excellent for the money.
B001760K56 Just Wonderful I love these winter boots! They keep my feet warm and dry even when it rains and snows very much!
B001760K56 second pair! I bought these boots several years ago and wore them out so much that I decided to buy the exact same boots again that's how much I loved them. I am a women's size 10 with wide calves and I am so happy at how amazing the fit is. The boot itself is made of soft, beautiful leather and is very stylish. I've gotten many compliments on the boots. During rainy weather, the boots keep my feet perfectly dry. However, when it's very cold I would recommend wearing extra warm socks since the lining is not super warm. That would be my ONLY complaint for these amazing boots. Worth every penny!
B001760K56 Very Comfortable Love this boot!  I wore them while I was visiting NYC and didn't have a problem walking around the city.  One night it was raining and my feet weren't only comfortable they were dry too!  I want the same pair in black.
B001764P20 Awesome boots! I love these boots.  They fit well, keep my feet dry and warm in all temperatures and weather.  They are also very comfortable and not too heavy.  All in all, a great buy!
B001C4CIP8 bova constr.company These boots are very comfortable. They will keep your feet dry and warm. I run a skid loader in snow season when my feet are in constant contact with cold steel pedals. They are the ticket. They look to be large,They are! But they are worth it. Tim
B001EBJU82 nice boots these are the perfect boots for being outside in the elements.. they keep your feet warm and dry.. they are very comfortable to anyone that has to be on their feet for an extended amount of time
B001EWFEOK Don I took these boots out of the box put them on and have been wearing them every day since.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  No breakin required.  I do light construction work... they are great outdoors in dry, wet, cold, or warm conditions.
B001EWFF30 GOOD PRODUCT WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH THE BOOTS. MY HUSBAND WORKS OUTDOOR IN THE RAIN, SHINE , OR SNOW AND HE SAYS HIS FEET REALLY STAY WARM AND DRY !
B001EWFF30 Great boots These boots are solid.  They keep all moisture out, are stylish, and keep my feet warm.The ankle support is an added plus.  These are well worth the price.
B001EWFF30 Gotta break em in. Hurt my left foot at first. 9 wasn't wide enough for my foot and I have thin feet. Had to break in.Shoe keeps feet warm and dry. Traction is great.
B001FA100I Very Impressive.... These boots were a Christmas gift for my girlfriend and she adores them. I ordered the brown and the color is rich. They are super comfortable(seeing as I couldn't resist putting my feet in them). We live in the Midwest where the snow can get deep and they stand up against it. They are durable, of good quality and warm. Two thumbs up to a boot that keeps your feet warm, dry, and is stylish.
B001GB379I Well constructed I just got these boots two weeks ago. They seem well constructed. I used the out other woods in the rain and my feet stayed dry. The steel toes make them heavier but not as heavier as other boots to wear. I would recommend them
B001GBJP9Y Exceeds expectations - Boots will keep your feet dry The boots are well made and worth the price.  The only negative is that they are rough up high which requires tall socks to avoid pain/
B001PBK87I very good boots It's still early. I bought these boots there is only one month. Currently, I am very happy. To see in a few years for resistance. No sweat. No smell. Feet dry and warm.
B001PUFSW4 great shoes for living in the woods! I was looking for something comfortable and yet durable for working in the woods and these were perfect. My last pair leeched water though the stitching on the sides, these don't have that, so dry feet going through puddles.  Love them!
B001S5X31E great boots!! these boots are great I've been in an ice storm for the past 2 days standing in water on flat roofs its 4 inches deep and my feet stay dry all day long!!!
B001S5X31E Go-to choice of work boots I bought these for my son to wear for work after his last pair (same brand) wore out. He has a large foot and it's often hard to find a good boot in his size. He works as a surveyor with a company that handles oil and gas contracts so he wears them in extreme cold and extreme heat in all kinds of terrain (mostly rocky or barren). Usually a pair of other brand boots will last him about six months but these lasted almost 2 years. They keep his feet warm and dry while having to stand in a snow covered stream bed to survey and also keep his feet from overheating when it's 102 degrees outside. My son has also been bitten by snakes a couple of times and the fangs never make it through the leather to his foot. So for overall comfort, durability, and protection these are about the best boots ever. HIGHLY recommended.
B001SARJXC very cmfy  and keep feet dry boots are very good. very comfortable. and keep you dry. i find that the easiest way to put them on is to  hold the front of the boot. put your foot in a little, then grab the back loop TOGETHER with the back of the boot and use a drop of force and it pulls right on your foot. nothing rips. its great.
B001SARJXC ahh! dry&warm timberland is the best winter manufacturerplease keep selling TIMBERLAND THROUGHOUT THE YEARBROWN would be preferred next time i buy,i would like this boot in brown
B001SARJXC Very satisfied Very good quality, keep feet dry, very comfortable. Husband very pleased with these boots. Recieved 2 days after placing order, although it was just before Christmas.
B001SARJXC Great Boot These boots are as advertised and perfect for the cold winters here in Chicago. They look great and keep my feet warm & dry. I originally bought the brown pair a couple years ago and just added the black to give me more options.
B001U0OTCY Well made! Bought these for serious snow in Northern Nevada.  They kept my feet dry and warm while doing it in style!
B001U89O94 Tahoe, here we come! I bought this for my wife for our upcoming trip to Lake Tahoe.  It looks good.  She likes the way it looks as well.  She says it is comfortable for her, except she's not used to her ankles being hugged/constricted.  However, I think she will get used to it and it will help her keep warm and dry while we're on vacation.  I have the men's version (in Black).  It's fantastic.  It keeps me dry, it's comfortable, and It feels solid.
B001UE70UI As promised My toddler wore these boots on a rainy weekend, all over Disneyland for 2 days.  Her feet stayed dry, comfy and warm.  She received many many compliments.  These are much more comfortable then her wellies.
B00295RHNM Excellent hunting boots! I got these boots for a hunting trip and they were perfect. I ordered a half-size up and they fit perfectly. I have very narrow feet and found that the medium width was perfect for me. I wore them with thick socks and my feet stayed warm. They are also very comfortable to walk in and keep your feet dry. Great boots at a great price.
B00295RHV4 Very Nice Workboot Timberland Rigmaster I wear these boots all year long.  They are very comfortable and durable.  I work water main breaks and my feet stay dry.  I plow in the winter and my feet stay warm with wool socks.  The bottoms will wear out way before the top or the water proof seams.  This is a very rugged boot and well worth the money.  I can't say anything bad about them.  When I first got them they were a little tight, but stretched out nicely.  I hope Timberland keeps these around a while!  Anyone that works outside knows that if your feet stay dry, you're happy all day!  I really don't even notice that I'm wearing a safety toe either.  They are very comfortable.
B00295RIW2 Comfortable and easy care It fits comfortably and is specially great when it rains (easy to dry off). However if not dry properly has a tendency to smell. Great shoes
B0029XG5YG Perfect all around... I love these boots. I thought they would be hot or uncomfortable but not at all I got them went to work and wore them my first night and they fit like I had been wearing them for a year. They are truly the only pair of leather boots I have ever had that keep your feet dry. I love Timberland should have been buying Timberland years ago.. Worth it 100 times over...
B002ASAKN2 by far the best boot for work I found these boots are warm in the winter not bothersome in the warmer wheather and the Timberland brand is outstanding . Great waterproofing stays dry through anything
B002ASAKN2 Timberland PRO Men's Endurance Pr WaterPROof Steel Toe 6" Workboot,Black,9.5 M Great product so far.  Keeps my feet warm and dry in a shipyard evironment.  Good service from vendor as well.
B002ASAKN2 Heavy but comfortable So Far so good they are holding up very well, and I would buy these boots again. My feet have stayed warm and dry Im a brick Mason also tough on my boots and so fare they past the test. No complainant except they are a little heavy..
B002ASAKN2 Great boots I'm on my feet at work all day so I decided to try a good pair of timberlands and boy was I not disappointed. This is my third pair of steel toes boots and they are the best it's not even a contest. They have everything you could want in a work and they are super warm and the waterproofing is top of the line as my dry feet during the recent nyc snowstorm will attest. Can't go wrong with these
B002KLI1AI comfort and support. This boot is so comfortable and its so hard to get that and a wide width in a boot. They also keep my feet warm and dry.  I'll never regret this purchase.
B002WJHCVC Good Fit Until Wash and Dry They fit perfect when I first got them.  After washing and drying they did shrink enough that it is more difficult to get them on.  Maybe need to line dry?  Very good quality socks from Timberland though.
B002WJHD2U Feels great Warm and comfortable for all day working.  Living in New England during the winter it's important to keep warm dry feet. These socks do the job well.
B002YOMJPY Loving these Timberland! Working outside during our snow storm in New Jersey and these definitely come in handy.  They seem to keep my feet warm and dry.
B002YOMJPY boot that fits like a glove! feet are kept warm and dry during harsh winter months.  One of the best purchases I have made this season
B002YOMJPY Very nice fit and keep warm and dry Was looking for a pair of boot for the harsh Minnesota winter and these actually work very nice for the price I had them. Very good buy.
B002YOMJPY great boots These boots keep feet warm and dry . The treads on the bottom are very good , non slip . Comfortable fit , super for north east or any other region when winter is here . Found the price was just right and quality is great . I recommend anyone who is considering buying boots , to buy these . Best buy for the best price .
B002YOMJPY Stayed warm and dry during the Chi-beria polar vortex. Boots are a great look and feel. A little large on the sizing but overall a good fit. Performed well in 2 feet of snow and - 45 windchill.
B002YOMJPY I should have gotten two pairs! I got them on sale, and I am very happy with them so far. We're having a bad Winter in NYC, they have been through A LOT of sleet, and they performed wonderfully so far. To me, they fit very slightly large, but that's good -- room for heavy socks. Comfortable, sturdy, keep feet dry, I love them and highly recommend them!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Is worth the money Very Fast Delivery. Boots Fit Well And Comfortable And Your Feet Stay Dry. Very Happy . I Would Recommend TheSe Boots If You Work In A Security Job.
B002YOMJPY Best footwear I have ever owned. I bought these boots after I moved to Colorado and absolutely love them. The first week I wore them I was unsure I made the right purchase and even told my wife I would probably return them because they were uncomfortable and my feet hurt after a 10 hour shift in which I sat at a computer so I wasn't even on my feet. I started to wear thicker socks and that helped a lot and my feet didn't sweat nor did the boots feel tighter on my feet. After the weather started to warm up I switched back to normal socks and now my feet don't hurt at all even if I'm standing on them for hours at a time or hiking in the woods. They keep my feet warm and dry in the snow, when it's warm outside they breath fine. Overall they are more comfortable than any footwear I've ever owned and highly recommend them to anybody looking for a good pair of boots to keep your feet warm and dry. If you find them uncomfortable like some reviews state, wear some thicker socks for a bit until you wear them in and you'll be fine.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot Great boot,  comfortable right away no break in period. Feet stay warm and dry. Excellent price. I would recommend this boot to anyone who works on their feet all day.
B002YOMJPY Tough Boots The first weekend I had the boots I wore them through a jungle obstacle course, they were comfortable and kept my feet dry!
B002YOMJPY Ok boots Boots are ok. Don't use it during the winter time or a rainy day. Won't stay dry or nice and warm.
B002YOMJPY boot is good good , and comfortable. but sometimes makes feet swety.. Totally good. it keeps feet warm during harsh winter, and keeps dry while raining but in sunny days I would not reccomend.
B002YOMJPY Great boot, fit perfectly. The boot is great quality for the price and fit perfectly. Kept my feet dry in 2 feet of snow.
B002YOMJPY Great boots Great boots and keep feet dry  wish they were insaluated but good enough to do what ya have to thanks
B002YOMJPY Very comfortable This product is amazing.I wear it almost every wear (snow, water, mud everywhere!!)It keeps my foot dry and clean. it's very comfortable in the same time
B002YOMJPY great boot these are great boots to wear, and being water tight helps out as well, always around water ,it`s nice too have dry feet all the time.
B002YOMJPY A good pair of boots These fit well and are very comfrtable. I got them right before the ice storm in Texas, and they performed well. I'd rate the traction in ice/sleet as very good, but not superb. They kept my feet reasonably warm and completely dry. I am pleased with my purchase.
B002YOMJPY Thumbs up day one Wore them for the first time today in a snow storm. They were comfortable and great at keeping my feet dry!
B002YOMJPY New boots This was a perfect fit and keeps my feet dry. I live my new boots and my order came on time.
B002YOMJPY timberland boots Boots r good for waterproof and comfortable ! I am a ups driver and walk all day in water and snow  .the boots are light and reallyY keep feet dry ,I was pleased with the boots
B002YOMJPY Excellent boots These boots are fashionable and functional. You can wear them without looking like a lumberjack or construction worker. I've stepped ankle-deep in frigid ice puddles and came away dry. I read that people were getting cold feet from sweating but I only experienced this in the first few days of wear. Will buy again.
B002YOMJPY Waterproofing failed in less then a year These are very comfortable boots, but I was out in the rain/wet grass after I purchased these 9 months ago, and my feet were soaked.  I only buy water proof boots because I need my feet to stay dry, and these failed.
B002YOMJPY hillside very happy with how the boot feels , only problem is all three pairs i have bought didnt keep my feet dry for more than three weelks then started leaking.  i detail cars everyday so really wish i could keep my feet dry but i am still a fan of the style
B002YOMJPY Comfortable and Durable These boots are amazing.  They're comfortable and provide ample ankle support.  The waterproofing has held up.  I've worn them in snow, slush and rain, and they always deliver.  I can stomp through puddles and my feet stay dry.  They fit as expected, and there's just enough room to wear wool socks for extra warmth.  But even without thick socks, these boots keep my feet sufficiently warm.
B002YOMJPY Great purchase Just what I needed.  They are very comfortable and they keep your feet dry.  I am very glad I purchased these boots.
B002YOMJPY Nice boots Work outside and they keep my feet dry, just exactly what I wanted. Light weight and very comfortable. Hope they last a few years.
B002YOMJPY Impressed I am impressed with my boots as they are stylish and well put togetherand durable even in a foot of snow my feet stay dry..
B002YOMJPY Good boot Living the in PNW I need a boot to keep my feet dry while I go for my walks.  These boots are great.  I also stand on my feet all day because that is what office hipsters do these days.  Wearing these boots my feet feel great all day, plus I look good while I do it.
B002YOMJPY Great Product This is a great product. 100% waterproof. I have worn them in several snow storms (New England weather) and my feet stayed warm the whole time. No more wet socks here. I do security and recommend these to any one on their feet all the time. Comfortable, dry and warm- the perfect boots.
B002YOMJPY not bad A little larger in size but still very nice and warm and keep your feet dry but only if the water is below your ankel level
B002YOMJPY Really good buy Nice boots,kept my feet dry in the snow . Best price I found anywhere. Timberland has been the only boot I'll buy for many years now.
B002YOMJPY Great Great look and comfortable. I bought them for my 14 year old son who walks to and from school. He needs a rain/snow boot that will look good and keep his feet warm and dry.
B002YOMJPY Love It! Perfect fit, comfortable and warm! Keep me dry on wet surface. Easy on and easy off. Could not ask for more!
B0034G5IJA I love these Tim's boots. I was looking for a quality pair of boots to deal with adverse weather conditions in winter in New York that must be true water-proof, can keep my feet/under my knee areas warm and dry, comfortable for a long walk and still look good.I found the one, this is it!They look cute, very comfortable to walk all over in New York City on a messy snowy day.  They keep my feet dry, very warm in a blizzard condition even when the temperature is in a single digit. I even went to the park and walked around to enjoy the wintery weather, so no longer afraid of going out in a snow storm.I can't believe that I used to wear a pair of long rubber boots on a frigid snowy day. My toes were completely freezing and numb.  Those days were history after I got these Tim's.
B0034G5IJA Best Boots Ever! I got these boots from shoebuy before the season. My feet are narrow and a size 11, so I was wary of ordering on line, but I wasn't finding anything in the stores that fit,and were designed for walking. Who decided that a wedge heel was ok for walking on ice? I was looking for knee high winter boots that were dry, comfy & warm, walkable but not ugly. hard to do in any size, even harder in an 11. These are all of that and more. I love the color. its an eye pleasing grey that goes with everything and doesn't really show the salt from the road. They even look somewhat passable with a skirt. Women are always complementing my boots. the lacing is great to adjust the boot to thicker layers on the leg, or just for increased support. My ankles are bad, and I have plantar fasciitis and my feet had been in pain for months, but after a winter in these boots, my feet & ankles are happy and normal. there's tons of support - I walk a lot! Also, I live in Boston, and we had quite the snowy, icy winter this year. Even after I stepped off of a bus into an ankle deep moat of slushy water in a sleet storm and waded home through miles of unsalted icy brick and 3 foot snowbanks, and more watery slush (no exaggeration!), my feet & shins stayed dry and warm. never thought I'd be a person to say this, but: I'm almost sorry - not entirely -  that the weather is warmer now and I cant wear my boots anymore (and I used to live in LA!).
B0034G5IPY Sturdy, comfy, warm, waterproof! Timberland makes the best stuff.  These boots make any Uggs look like flimsy flip flops.  Very sturdy yet super comfy.  My wife loves them.  Plus, they keep her feet warm and dry in Tahoe!
B0034G5IPY Best boots ever! I have had these boots for almost 3 years now and they are still perfect. Used them with snow and rain and nothing goes through them. They are extremely comfortable and my feet are dry and warm. I love them so much I bought them in black too. Highly recommended!
B0034G5KAC Love these boots These boots are great.  With our NY winter this year, they have kept me warm and dry.  They are also very stylish and I get tons of compliments on them.  Do not hesitate to buy these.
B0034XS4OY Keeps tearing up my feet I wanted a shoe I could use for my city commute on rainy days - but still looks like something that belongs in an office. In that regard this shoe fits the bill. While not the most stylish shoe, it's passable in an office. And it really is waterproof as claimed. If that was all I would be quite happy with them. Unfortunately these shoes refuse to mold to my feet. I get constant blisters and raw skin - these things are NOT made for comfy walking. I don't put much stress on my feet either. I just need something to walk to and from the train stop, and in the office I'm mostly sitting down. But even with light usage, these things totally wreck my feet. Yes, my feet are dry, but it's just not worth it with these...Now I'm looking to get some rubber rain boots to stay dry on the commute, and keep an extra pair of comfy shoes in the office to change into, as a solution. Can't have it both ways.
B0034XS4OY comfortable, warm, and dry shoe I have always had great success with Timberland products, and these shoes continue the tradition. Very high quality construction, with a fit that is always comfortable. No break in period is needed. Very warm and dry when walking in snow or slush. Recommended.
B0035LD6ZC As durable, dry, and comfortable as hiking boots (with less ankle support). After years of using work boots and hiking boots as my winter footwear, I decided that shoes might look more appropriate in an office setting.  Despite, my new desire for form over function, I still wanted to be dry and comfortable.  These shoes fit the bill.  They are faster to put on and take off than boots, but for the more part are just as dry and durable.  They have very good traction on the snow and ice also.They look great, are just as dry as hiking boots, and other then a little less ankle support leave nothing to be desired compared to wearing boots in the winter.  After a full winter of wearing them, they look as good as the day I bought them.  I highly recommend them.
B0038JD1UG Timberland Earthkeepers attractive looking and high quality recycled materials. the day i received these boots in the mail was about 10* outside with several inches of snow, we went out for a small hike and my feet were warm, dry and comfortable. the only issue i have had with them is that they are slightly roomy around the calves and they make my socks slide down to my toes! hardly a complaint, no problems as long as i wear shorter socks! all in all, i would recommend these to anyone who wants to keep their feet happy in the wintertime!
B0038JEQSW Don't last long but keep your feet dry On the positive side, they do keep your feet dry in most conditions.  My feet have only been wet with these shoes twice - both times when I had been out in the elements for more than 4 hours.  But, walking to and from work 1 mile each way in the rain and my feet stay dry.On the negative side, they defiantly lack quality.  After 7 months of occasional wear (approximately 90 days of use), the rubber on the bottom of the shoes started falling off and I had to super glue the edge back on.  That would fix the problem for about 30 days and other parts would start to peal off.  The tread wears through quickly and now after 13 months of occasional use (approximately 180 days) the tread on the bottom is nearly worn through and the cloth on the sides is well worn and torn.Despite their ability to keep your feet dry, I feel the number of days I used them and the way they were falling apart indicates quality issues.  I'm in the market for another pair of shoes and these are definitely off the list.  I do not recommend these shoes.
B0039NCRP6 SWEET Boots! These boots are AWESOME!  I've walked in all the snowstorms the WDC area has had with them and my feet were warm and dry.  Even on slippery ice patches these boots provide non-slip steps.  My feet are narrow as are the boots and wearing thick socks keep these cute boots snuggly fit.  Looking forward to wearing them when I sail this summer.
B003A6J1NS great boot love everything about them...warm and kept my feet dry during Blizzard aftermath. would buy them again and again. great boot.
B003BLP2NA Great boots for snow and freezing winters My daughter has dry, warm feet, with an air temperature  -13F. She can easily put on and off boots. Given the cost of shoes and free shipping from Amazon, consider your purchase very successful.
B003ELOYEA So warm Love this  boots, very warm, keep you toasty and dry and looks great as well!!! And for girls with biggest carves, they can adjust to your size.
B003ELOYEA Fun, Funtional AND Fits my wide Calves Good thing I saw this on Amazon as it was cheaper than on the Timberland site. My main issues with boots is that it is challenging for me to find great boots that lasts and can fit my 18-19" calves. After reading the reviews I took a chance and ordered an 8.5 wide in Brown. First of all, FAST shipping which I appreciate being overseas and i LOVE these boots. I rarely spend over $50 on a pair of boots so for me to say that this is worth every penny means something. It is raining constantly where I'm at and it's a wet cold so I needed something that will keep me warm AND dry when I'm taking public transportation. I stepped in puddles and my feet were dry and warm the whole day I had these on. I understand what some of the reviewers were talking about with the tongue flap being thick but it didn't bother me. Please keep in mind that if your calves are wider than mine, you may have to try it in store first because although i can zip up the boots over jeans, it fit just right and if it were any bigger, there would have been a gap. I have worn these boots 3 days already and it is comfortable, warm and keeps me dry. I am already looking at the black pair of boots because these boots are also very stylish
B003ELOZSU RaintBoots The area I live in tends to rain a lot during the winter/spring seasons. A pair of rubber boots has been a Must-have fashion around here and I also have two pairs of them. However, the rubber boots are hard to walk in, cannot drive in, and most importantly uncomfortable to stay in (all the sweats get captured in there). I bought these boots to stay warm and dry while staying comfortable. They are definitely comfortable and keep me dry when it is raining. They are also an easy fit. Although you have to tie/untie shoe laces every time you put on/take off the boots, it is not a pain at all. I can also drive safely in them, which is a big bonus.
B003ELOZSU Love them! These boots are great! I wore them outside in the snow when the temperature was in the teens and they kept my feet warm and dry.
B003ELOZSU best boot ever!!! I bought these a few weeks ago... The first time I put them on, they fit a little weird. After a few days, however, it felt better. I like to wear them in the rain and snow and they keep my feet so warm and dry!!! Awesome!!!
B003ELOZSU WARM BOOTS WARM AND DRY BOOTS WENT SEVERAL SNOW STORMS (INCLUDING BLIZZARD) WITH LEAKING WET COLD BOOTS. THEN I FOUND THESE ON AMAZON AND COULD NOT WAIT FOR THEM TO ARRIVE. ONCE THEY DID FEW DAYS LATER SNOWSTORM HIT AND HAPPY FEET WARM,DRY COZY. GREAT BOOTS
B003ELOZSU great boots! Love these boots. True to size. very comfortable. Warm and dry. I've been wearing them almost every day since they came.
B003ELOZSU Fabulous Boots!! I am so happy with these boots! I ordered the black, which are true to size, and I love the color and style. They have a very soft lining, and are lightweight and comfortable to wear. When I am out walking in the snow, my feet stay toasty, warm, and dry. I would highly recommend these boots! The only problem I experienced was the shipping time. I waited 11 days for these boots to arrive at my home, which is not usually typical for Amazon orders.
B003ELOZSU Best Snow Boots Ever! I was looking for a pair of boots that I could wear in snow and slush, that would be warm and keep my feet dry.  After reading most of the reviews, I ordered a half size larger.  This actually worked out perfectly...this allows for the wearing of thicker socks.  I received the boots quickly and as described.  A week after the boots arrived we received our first snowfall, so I donned the boots.  They are so warm and comfortable!  I wore the boots for more than 12 hours straight and my feet were warm and dry and the boots were not uncomfortable at all.  I thought initially I would have to "break" them in, but it wasn't even necessary, these boots fit perfectly and were incredibly comfortable.  I definitely recommend these boots for snowy, inclement weather.  They will hold up and most importantly keep your feet warm and dry.
B003ELOZSU Great functional boots! These are great, super warm, keep my feet dry and are very comfortable without having to break them in. I just wish they cam up a little higher on the leg. Other than that they are great. Wore these in 6 inches of snow to shovel, for short walks to the store, on the bus, everywhere! I love them. And they are really cute. I had head that Timberland sizes run a little small, I normally wear an 8/8.5, but I ordered these in a 9 and they fit just right.I am very satisfied.
B003ELOZSU Runs true to size These boots will make your feet comfier to have them on then to have nothing on at all! you wont want to take these off.  They are warm but they allow air to circulate, so they are not steamy.They do come with a "worn" look to them.They are like a hug on your feet, all the way up your calf.The top is lined with puffy fleece that keeps the cold out and your feet will stay so dry.A+!!!
B003ELOZSU Great boots I live in Michigan and these are my favorite boots so far. Keep my feet very warm and dry without looking too man-ish.
B003ELOZSU Warm and Dry. Perfect for Cold Winters. I work outside in the winter, in the snow and the cold. The temperature likes to hang around zero degrees or colder. Cold, wet toes make a miserable work environment, no matter what you're doing and in some instances can be dangerous and lead to frost bite. I haven't yet felt the cold in these boots and they keep my feet completely dry. Looking forward to see how well they wear in the long run, but I have good expectations. Well worth the price. I wear a 7-7 1/2 and purchased an 8 for this boot, and they fit perfectly, especially with a thicker wool sock. Very satisfied with this purchase.
B003ELOZSU Warm & Dry!!!! These boots are awesome. They are so warm and keep my feet dry. They seemed like they were going to be heavy when I first took out of box, not at all. They are a bit bulky but the light weight makes up for that. I have used them twice in three days because of snow storms and am glad I purchased them. I highly recommend them.
B003ELOZSU I love my boots These boots are comfortable, they look cute with almost anything you wear.They keep my feet dry and warm! I want them in another color.
B003ELOZSU They made my feet sweat I like these boots they keep your feet warm the only thing I noticed is they made my feet sweat a lot or maybe they collected moisture under the sole from outside I dunno but every time I took of these boots there were white patches on the bottom of my feet like id been soaking my feet in water for a long time other than that they are cute with skinny jeans and a pea coat over all good shoes.
B003ELOZSU I loved it! It keeps my feet dry and warm during the winter and is also very comfortable!I highly recommend!I saw that many people was saying to order half size bigger, but I ordered mine at the right size and fits perfectly :)
B003ELOZSU Warm FEET! The boots keep my feet warm & dry!  They still need to be broken in but they are getting better with each wearing.
B003ELOZSU warm and stylish Its a beautiful boot that does what it says. it keeps your feet warm and dry.cons: its cut a little small so I recommend going up a half size or more. I bought it a half size bigger and I still wanted more room
B003ELOZSU great work boot, bettin' a great play boot too. We have a small farm and i wanted some durable warm and dry boots. I bought these because of the excellent review and the look and style of the boots. It has rained almost nonstop for the last week or sosince I received these boots and is still raining. Up to my ankles in mud and muck but my feet have been comfortable and dry. I just wash the mud off and even the soles come clean as new. Thanks for the great product!
B003ELOZSU Comfortable Just got back from England/France. We walked everywhere. All day we were walking. I worry about getting blisters on the bottom of my feet when I travel. These boots were great. I only had a small irritated area on the back of my right Achilles tendon. I placed a band aid over this area to solve the problem. They kept my feet warm 99% of the time. We did one 3 hour walking tour in late evening that required some standing once we arrived at each place the guide wanted to talk about. The bottom of my feet got cold when we were standing. We were standing on concrete, and it was 30ish Fahrenheit outside. As long as we were walking, my feet were warm. No matter what we were doing my calves were always warm. They take up a bit of room in the suitcase, but it was worth it. Warm...dry...blister free feet!
B003EV5JYO Kept my  3 year old's feet dry through sledding They fit true to size and kept my 3 year old's feet warm and dry through the snowiest (just made that word up, I think) January NYC has ever seen. I would definitely recommend them, especially for 38.00 dollars.
B003EV5KB6 Great boots! Great boots! They keep her feet dry and warm. They look really nice on the wife and daughter. They love that they have such great and matching boots.
B003EV5KB6 Great boots, great price! I went shopping with my daughter and granddaughter for toddler boots.  All they had at the stores in her size were flimsy shoddily made pleather boots that were not going to hold up -- for looks only, but so overpriced.  These are waterproof real leather.  They do have big soles, but my daughter, who is very in to fashion, still found them acceptable.  They look really cute on and will actually keep my granddaughter's feet warm and dry if she ventures out in to cold, wet snowy weather!
B003EV5P0C Beautiful boot! I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves them. This a good brand, so I trust them to keep her feet warm and dry.
B003EV5P0C great boot for the midwest! Great looking pair of comfy boots that actually keep feet warm and dry. It's now the third winter and the boots are still looking fantastic!
B003EV5P0C Great comfy boot! I was a bir skeptical about this boot being waterproof...but it is! Doesn't leave that white shadow like on cheap suede. Took the boots on a ski trip and kept feet pretty dry and warm!
B003NUQWY2 Great function and comfort Just bought my 2nd pair as I liked the boot so much. I have used in mud, snow and everything in between and still keeps my feet dry/clean
B003NUR4P8 great boots 100% water proof great boot I put them to the test today kept me dry and comfortable . most important thing they are dry
B003OBZSZO Works as advertised, but I'm vain. So these shoes are great!Warm, keeps your feet dry even after hours of walking in the snow.BUT, they make your feet look huge. Like a monster. I'll keep 'em cause they work, but I don't wear them out to impress anyone.
B003OBZT3A Awesome boots!! Received these boots just in time for raining season overseas!!  They are very easy to clean, keep my feet dry and warm.  I would order another pair to have where I live in the US for the snow.
B003VMXSJ4 Great Shoe They are great..  I took them right out of the box and walked 8 miles in them and my feet felt great.  They keep my feet dry and the traction is great on these rocky surfaces.  I hope to get allot of miles out of them.
B003YC48QS good my husband really loved it, its comfortable and we will buy it again, it breaths, keeps feet dry, easy to wear
B0049N3S58 Great boot This boot is light weight and comfortable. keeps feet dry in wet conditions and do not feel weighed down by the shoe. At the end of the day I am not going home with soar feet and the boots do not stink. I will continue to purchase these boots to do my job.
B0049N3S58 well worth it Great quality work boot keeps your feet warm and dry. Does not tire your feet after hours on concrete. Good cushion and support but appears a bit chunky. Otherwise an A1 work boot
B004FESCK2 These Boots are AMAZING! These boots are amazing. They are everything that I expected them to be. I am so happy that I bought them! They aren't thin or too thick. They have kept my feet dry through tons of snow! I love them!
B004J2HSIC perfect ! I will be ordering another pair for my husband this Christmas as he works out in the cold all winter long these boots kept his feet nice warm and dry !
B004J2PCHG Timberland Rime RIdge Boots Warm and Dry I have neuropathy and live in Wisconsin..not a good mix. When I snowblow, I need boots that keep my feet warm and dry, the Timberland Rime Ridge fits the bill...Have used then in 20 degree temps...not below zero yet...I would recommend...
B004J2PCHG Good!! I bought for my work and I'm very confourtable. They are some nice sweet boots. You keep feet dry and warm.
B004J2PCHG awesome boots these boots are no joke great quality keeps feet warm during the cold and keeps feet dry during rain/snow or wet environments the bottom grips the ground well even on ice
B004J8YCB2 Great Seller for a Great Boot I had my boot's in just a few days and they are great, I am on my feet a lot on hard surfaces and find these boot's very comfortable and keep my feet warm and dry.B mills
B004LKVGNU Warm and Comfy I love these boots.  They were warm, comfortable and kept my feet dry as advertised.  I bought it in black and cream.  I would highly recommend this boot.
B004PNE720 great boots I walk on concrete allday, and have had less pain. They hold up well, and even keep my feet dry(when needed). Only complaints are the ankle portion is too big, or I have girly ankles, and it's hard yo drive my, stick shift, car while wearing them.
B004Q01HZM Great light boots for work! I ordered these after reading reviews at both Amazon and Zappos.com.  Amazon had a lower price by over $50, so of course I ordered from them. I like them so much I've since ordered a pair of black ones.I'm on my feet at work quite a bit and am both inside and outside, even in the winter.  I don't do a lot of heavy manual labor but I needed something that looks fairly professional and is also rugged, yet comfortable.  Also, my feet tend to either get very hot or very cold.  With these boots my feet have never gotten very hot nor very cold.  They are very comfortable and look great.  One thing they do have is a "bubble" under the arch. I guess I have pretty flat arches but have never worried about it with shoes.  These boots feel a bit "funny" at first because of the arch support.  But, I think this tends to keep my feet more comfortable and in shape.  I've even taken these on a walk around the neighborhood and my feet were great the whole time.I've had other pairs of Timberland shoes that have lasted a long, long time even with constant daily use and I expect these will do similarly.  I recommend these for anyone looking for a work-friendly boot solution.UPDATE:After owning these for a year, I still love them.  They look great and keep my feet warm and dry no matter the weather.
B004REL8TW Great for rainy/snowy weather- stay dry A little narrow, but we can put it on! Big plus- we can walk in dirty and rainy/ snowy weather and foot will be dry. Not for big frost. Comfortable weather -5, when lower foot are cold.
B004RQ3GAE Kept my husbands feet dry My husband delivers propane and these boots worked very well. Great tread design, he said they dug in well on wet grass while pulling the delivery hose. Feet stayed dry all day walking thru wet grass and the occasional rain storms. Good comfort on the feet and legs, and light weight. Would recommend these for someone that needs a light weight boot/sneaker for everyday work.
B004T0YVZ2 Sturdy, well made boot My little guy loves to stomp in puddles, and these keep his feet warm and dry. He won't wear socks so the fuzzy inside is perfect too.The zipper is a bit tough for him to get up on his own, which it too bad because the last pair he had he could do just fine, and he was only 3 then.
B004T19U7U Stylish Boots My daughter loves these boots! She says "They are very stylish". We actually had to exchange the first pair because when I ordered the size she is currently wearing, we found she couldn't get her foot into it. I exchanged the boot for two sizes larger and they fit her great with a little wiggle room.I of course love the way they are made, they appear to be very sturdy (believe me, she'll test the sturdiness) and they have great soles to keep the feet dry and hopefully keep her standing. The lining inside should also keep her very warm.  We haven't had the opportunity to test run them in the snow and ice yet - but I'm confident that they will keep her warm and dry as promised.I have to add that I have never in my life had an easier exchange experience!  Amazon was so awesome!  I had the replacement boots before I even had the resealed box out of my house to complete the exchange
B0054HM2UU Disappointed I bought these boots to help keep my feet dry on rainy days at work.  I had to return them though because the right foot boot was made smaller than the left boot.  For some reason the right boot was assembled smaller and tighter up front where my toes go.  I checked that both boots were labeled the same size and even took off the laces on both but there was still a size difference between the boots.  No my right foot was not swollen or bigger.  I bought the same pair of Timberland boots a couple of years ago and they fit great.  I moved out of state and left my older pair in storage.  I really needed another pair of boots to help keep my feet dry here in Oregon but was disappointed in the quality of the boots made now.  Made in (Vietnam).
B005FM5Q3O Great shoes for wet and dry My son loves these shoes.  This is the second pair I have gotten him.  First pair was navy.  This gray is really a nice shade.  I like them better than the photos.  We live in Texas- hot, hot, hot this time of year and my always on the go 20 month old is in and out of the toddler pool, puddles, the garden hose.  You name it.  His tennis shoes couldn't take the wet/dry/wet/dry without getting a smell to them.  But these River sandals are awesome.  They dry quick, don't hold a smell.  They give enough protection for his foot and toe that I'm not worried about him cutting his foot while running around outside.  I highly recommend these shoes.  They look great and we get lots of compliments on them.  I'm not one to write many reviews but I really think these are great.
B005I6Z4JI Not too heavy! Well made boots, nice weight for all day wear even with the comp toe. Kept feet dry in wet / muddy / slushy weather.
B005MI875U the best boot working outside all year long and fishing during the warmer months these boots are good kept my feet dry even after hitting a few nice puddles ,waiting for the wet feet but water didn't come in feet stay dry ,happy camper here.
B006T307QE Quality boot! Very little break in on these boots. Perfect fit. Great year round boot! Very warm and dry. Comes with extra laces.
B006T307QE Timberland PRO Men's Hyperion Waterproof Boots I got these Boots for winter wear.They fit as expected and look great.They keep my feet warm and dry.They were a little stiff at first,but they broke in real fast!
B006T32HGC Excellent. Fits as expected for timberland work boots. Very comfortable while keeping my feet warm and dry.Cannot give a five star due to not being able to evaluate tread wear.
B006T32HGC Great Great boot but size down.  I ordered a size 14 but a 13 fit better.  Dry feet are happy feet
B006T32HGC Great pair of hiking shoes This is a fantastic pair of boots for hiking and it really keeps my feet dry.  My only reason for not giving it full marks is due to the eyelet design.  It's a shame this is not designed with reinforced eyelets like some of the other boots.
B006T32HGC Great Work Boots I purchased these for my brother who works outside in construction in all seasons.  He really like them.  They fit true to size and keep his feet dry and warm.  They are also comfortable to stand on for long durations.
B006T32HSK Great Boots!!!! Work in the construction field in northeast feet stay dry in snowy weather... most comfortable boot I have owned..highly recommended
B006T32TKG Great Winter Boot This is my second pair of this style Timberland. They are heavy but keep your feet warm and dry in extreme weather.
B006ZIGRXA LOVE these boots I have had these boots for the past 3 months and I Iove it the more I wear them.  They are comfortable, warm and keep my feet dry.Plus ++ I have extra wide calves (17 in.) and these boots fit!! The more I wear them, the more they have stretched out a bit.
B006ZIGT4C An excellent buy Thanks to a previous reviewer, I ordered these boots half a size smaller than my normal size, and they fit perfectly.  They're comfortable (from the first wearing), well-made, keep my feet warm and dry in New England winter weather and they look great!  I was also impressed by Timberland's recycled packaging and the enclosed information on the boots' and the packaging's environmental impact.  I would definitely recommend these boots.
B006ZIGT4C Easy and comfy These boots are so easy to wear- obviously, you don't have to fool with buckles, zippers or ties, but they are very comfortable and warm.  Even though you slide your feet in, they don't slide around while walking.  I have spilled a few things on them and have been able to wipe off spills without stains.  They aren't too heavy, but feel very sturdy when walking on wet or icy sidewalks.  They keep my feet dry and there is enough room to wear leggings tucked inside the boot, or have your jeans pulled over the boot.  I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would buy them again.
B006ZJ2ZUI Came in One Day!! These boots are amazing. They're comfy and they keep my feet super dry!! I was so excited when I got them in one day, and I got them on Amazon for $40 cheaper than DSW and they are perfect, so far.
B006ZJ2ZUI timberland womans welfleet rain boots I love these rainboots that i had to get another pair they didnt only keep my feet dry i got loads of compliments because they are cute too i recommend these boots to anyone that likes fashion  and best of all substance
B006ZJ2ZUI Great fit! I got a size 9 and I'm a 8.5 regular and the fit was perfect. Very comfortable. And keeps my feet warm & dry!
B006ZUFL30 Perfect Boot When it comes to boots, especially the ones that are waterproof, you can't go wrong with this one.  Perfectly made, and very durable.  Can't wait to try them out while riding my motorcycle, rain or shine, even when it's cold, shoe wears really well.  Would recommend this boot to anyone who wishes to keep their feet dry in the rain or warm when it snows. The Perfect Boot.
B006ZVM90M Exactly what I was looking for Keep my feet dry and warm: Check.Tall: Check.Fit wide calves: Check.Comfortable: Check.Fashionable: Check.I've been looking for a great pair of winter boots for years, and these hit every mark. In the past week, it has snowed, rained, and ice-rained, and these boots have gotten me through each weather event unscathed. I can't speak to their durability, as I've only had them about a week, but they seem to be very well-made. I have zero complaints and would highly recommend!
B006ZVM90M love these boots!! these boots are very comfortable and keep my feet warm all the time they're just right for my feet no complaints from me ...ill be getting another pair soon so i wont keep wearing these
B006ZVM90M Perfect Fashionable Snow Boot I ordered these boots in the off white/purple and I love them! They keep my feet nice and warm but don't make them sweat. They're very comfy! I have big feet and wear size 10 and that's what I ordered. They fit perfectly! They also keep my feet nice and dry in the snow! Definitely want to order these in other colors! Love them!
B006ZVOLHQ Great boot! This is a comfortable, warm boot for the harsh winter weather. It really is waterproof and I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for something to keep their feet dry and toasty!
B0070SJK60 A home run! My son wore this boot every day and was very happy. So I purchased a second pair to alternate and not wear out one boot!Timberland are back in style for men, and he got lots of compliments! I glad their comfortable and waterproof to keep his feet dry!
B00710M2N0 Perfectly comfy & waterproof Snowshoed for nearly 6 hours in these and stayed warm and dry until the very end. Highly recommended. Fit well
B00711TQNS warm I bought a pair for my 11 year old daughter. She loves them. The boots have kept her feet warm. I can't speak to staying dry, there has not yet been much for snow.
B00711TQNS Not for me I was looking for a taller shafted winter boot that would keep me warm & dry in the snow.  These boots were a nice gray color and look well-made but I just didn't like the style on me.  I've sent them back.
B00711TQNS Wonderful boots These boots are so cute on on my 2 yr old.  She loves them and they are always her first choice.  She also loves to jump in puddles and these keep her feet dry
B0072AE45S I've been wearing Timberland boots for years. Timberland boots are always in my closet and my favorite go to boot.  Always comfortable, never needs to be broke in.  I always buy them 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size so I have room for winter socks (I usually wear tow pair).  Feet stay warm and dry.
B0072BOHCC Timberland Mallard Boot Waterproof Boot (Toddler/Little Kid/Big... Great winter boots. Daughter goes to them in the snow, feet remain warm and dry. I am very happy with the purchase. They do not get wet. well keep their shape and not heavy. Convenient zipper on the side.
B0077635G6 Amazing fit and does what it says (keeps feet warm/dry) 5 stars in my opinion! This is a great pair of boots and does what it says. You will not be disappointed!
B0077635G6 Good purchase Very pleased with these boots. Warm. Comfortable. Work outside in Colorado and these boots keep my feet warm and dry.
B00777OUQY nice boot. I work in a refrigerated room(50 degrees ) all day, and clean up with a hose. these boots keep my feet warm and dry all day, I have only wore them for a few weeks but they are holding up well so far.
B007782V1O Fantastic! I pulled these on and instantly went hiking - no problem.  I even walked through a few puddles and my feet stayed dry.  Boots just don't get better than this.
B007782V1O Very nice boots Just as expected.  Comfortable, good looks.  Walked in heavy snow with them, kept my feet warm enough and dry.  The treads are good.
B007782V1O Love them Love them, they keep me my feet dry and warm at all times. They can be a little bit heavy but it's worth it.
B007784WSO GREAT BOOTS!!!! BEST boots I have ever worn; hands down.  I had my other two pairs of Timberlands for a good 10 years each, and I believe that these will be around for even longer.  They are rugged, comfortable, and keep my feet COMPLETELY dry and warm.  Great boots!
B007784WSO best boots very good durable boots that  keeps your feett nice and warm and dry , very well built in my opinion
B007EFDTSY Nice We bought these for my daughter who has to travel to and from work on trains and buses in harsh New England weather.  She LOVES these boots.  They are warm, keep her dry and she loves the look as well.
B008AH77XS Timberland Coat This coat fits true to size. Very happy with the quality and material. Great price, keeps my son very warm and dry.
B0091HKWHY Keeps my feet dry and goes through the metal detector Exactly what I was looking for. I wanted these shoe to do two things:Keep my feet dry. They do can walk  through the standing water after a heavy rain puddles 4-5 inches deep and my feet are still dry to the toe.I also wanted to get through the metal detector so that I would not have to take my shoes off going into work when it is raining, and I can.Well worth the extra cost for composite toes and waterproof construction.
B009OL2L94 Great casual and outdoor boots These boots are awesome. They arrived quickly, and when I picked up the package I almost wondered if I was sent the wrong item because the box was so lightweight. They come with an extra pair of colored laces that matches the purple inside. I've walked in the city all day with these, and just put them to the ultimate test this weekend with a slippery, rocky hike in the rain. My feet stayed comfortable, dry and warm, and the grip was good too!! Thank you:)
B00A4EQTQ6 Great Deal! My 9 year old son LOVES these Timberland boots.  The colors are unique and pleasing.  The black leather doesn't show the inevitable scuffs a kid gets and they keep his feet warm and dry stomping through puddles and piles of snow on his way to school.
B00ADVKY2A Great Boots! Bought these for my son for a Christmas present. He has already given them a good workout in the snow and slush and they have kept his feet warm and dry. Great boots at a great price!
B00AR3GB9O Cute, durable, and does the job! My son loves his boots!!! He walks confidently into the snow each and every time we head outdoors. They fit perfectly keeping his feet dry and warm - no complaints!
B00AR4HHNW awesome boot These are a little girls dream, bright pink boots that are east to get on and off, soft, furry, warm, and tall. My daughter loves them! They are taller than most boots, about mid calf, which helps to keep out the snow. They keep her feet very warm, and are cozy enough she has chosen to wear them all day at school instead of changing into her sneakers when she gets there. They do stay dry inside, however the darker pink part is a suede like material that does go dark when it gets wet. The color is very vibrant, so be prepared, so much so that at night I swear her feet glow. I usually go up a size with boots, but I shouldn't have with these because the fit seems to take big socks into consideration.
B00ATDU5M6 Euro Hiker My 5 year old loves these boots. They keep his little piggies warm and dry!I would recommend these to anyone.
B00AW7M97S Small at first, but stretch to be comfortable, durable, and keeps feet dry! I got these boots as a Christmas gift from my Husband.  When I put them on at first, they definitely felt too small&#8230;to the point that my toes got a bit tingly.  After a few times wearing them though, they leather has stretched to my feet and they're incredibly comfortable.  Now I can even wear them with thick socks underneath and I have no problem!I've bought a lot of boots in the past, and they've fallen apart so quickly, these seem durable, and I love them so much, that someday when they do fall apart, I'll likely pay to get them repaired.My favorite part about them is that they keep my feet dry.  I was worried with the laces going so low on the boot that snow would sneak in, but it never does, even when I've walked directly through the snow.It's a fantastic product, and they look exactly like the picture.  I would highly recommend them.
B00AW8HF9Y Great when broken in! At first they felt a little bit snug, but after wearing around for a day they stretch out. They are comfortable. What can be bothersome is if you have a lot of but in the boot from tucking in your pants. First day I wore them was to a cold raining Christmas Market in  Salzburg. They kept my feet dry and warm.  Would buy again!
B00AW8JG9G Fabulous Boots I was looking for some nice boots for this winter.  These fit well with jeans or leggings, and they keep my feet warm and dry.
B00AZPPEQ0 Shoes Great fit, comfortable, easy to put on and keeps my feet warm and dry. I like them a lot. Thank you
B00AZPQV6C good boot Get compliments on this boot. Looks dressy enough for office but can be worn outdoors and keep your feet dry.
B00AZPQV6C timberland never disappoints does the job I bought it for, something to go with my suit to get to work and good for tackling snow/rain. Very snug fit - as was my experience with Tiimberlands previously, I always order half a size smaller. Keeps feet warm and dry. Only complaint is that not a big fan of the aesthetics - could've looked classier than regular round-toed boots. But definitely lives up to the reputation of Tims
B00B7FGQDM These were for my son. These .are great working boots.  This is the third pair he has received, they keep his feet warm and dry.
B00B7FJV8O Very comfortable Somewhat larger than size 10's that I normally wear, but possibly the most comfortable work boot I've ever owned. Warm, dry, and very durable.
B00B9PM53U awesome boot I got these boots as a gift as soon as I put them on my feet were warm and dry  I trust timberland quality and winters here in CT can b harsh and cold Highly recommended for all seasons
B00B9PM53U I think this product is a good buy! The boot is warm & my feet stay dry!!  Also very comfortable!!  The next day service was fast and efficient!!
B00B9PM53U Love these boots The boots fit great. My son love the way they look and they keep his feet warm and dry. We are very happy with them.
B00B9PM56C Excellent boots!  Look great, stay warm and dry! Fast ship, great price.  My husband needed boots to wear to work at an inside/outside sales job.  These are warm and look great with jeans or dress pants (if necessary due to weather).  Perfect fit with different weight socks.  Highly recommend!
B00B9PM56C I love it very much I'm pleased with this shoes.Fit as expected.It's very keep warm and breathe freely.It's too handiness in Timberland's family.Because of the waterproof material,I can wear it and keep dry in snowfield.But I take a long time to receive it.
B00B9PM56C good boots for Chicago. I wear 10 and a half to 11. Got these 11 so I could wear thick socks. They fit great,  keep me warm and dry in the snow. Feet only get cold in single digits on my bicycle. Walking is fine. Would buy again.
B00B9PM56C Awesome pair of bad weather boots I contemplated between a regular 6' timberland and these bad boys for the crazy weather up here in Minnesota. These shoe look so tough but are so light its almost like wearing a regular sneaker. It fits perfectly for my size 13 feet and the comfort is plush and boy does it keep your feet warm and dry. I love it would definitely recommend it.
B00B9PMQE8 beat expectations Light, comfortable, waterproof, durable, wore them elk hunting and encountered deep snow, heavy brush, and long days, feet stayed dry, and warm.  The outer leather did get wet/soaked and took awhile to dry out, but internal part of boot was always dry.
B00B9PNY3A Would buy again These shoes were a Christmas present for my son.  He was very happy with the fit. Having moved from the desert to cold and snow, he was looking for shoes to keep his feet dry and warm.  These shoes did both.
B00B9Q5M16 Quick Service, Good Product I have worn Timberland shoes for years and find this style suites my lifestyle perfectly. The soles keep my feet warm, high and dry in wet and sloppy weather.  I find the laces need replacement after several months, but that is a minor issue.
B00B9U2C7E Buy these! These are amazing boots. They look great and are more comfortable than my Nike airs, snow is nothing to them. My feet stay warm and dry, also the traction is great. Must buy
B00BCJV7H8 LOVE THESE BOOTS I went by all of the reviews and ordered a half a size bigger, since I have wide feet. They fit WONDERFUL. These boots are beautiful! They are exactly what I was hoping for. I have already used them in a heavy rainstorm and walking in snow and my feet stayed warm and dry! I would recommend them to everyone! (And everyone that has seen them, loves them too!) They were also delivered when Amazon said they would be.
B00BCJV7H8 First Pair of Snow Boots! Moving from California to the Northeast and I wanted to make sure I bought a pair of boots that would keep my feet warm.  These boots are great! They keep my feet dry (waterproof) and warm.  I typically wear a 9 or 9.5 wide (depending on the brand) and based on other reviews I ordered a 10 wide in tobacco color. I was worried the boots would be too large. I'm so glad I purchased the larger size to be able to fit thick socks.  The interior of the boot is lined with fur which takes up some of the space.  If these Timberland boots are anything like my work shoes I purchased from Timberland then I know they will last awhile.
B00BCJV7H8 Love These Boots These boots fit perfectly, keep my feed warm and dry, and look good.  I could not be happier with this purchase.
B00BCJV7H8 awesome boots I could not be happier with these boots. They came x-mas eve. Size 7.5, a smidge snug, but over all, satisfactory. They are so warm and soft, and cute. I can wear them with my work clothes and not have to carry an extra pair of shoes around. I've been traversing through the snow and my feet are staying warm and dry. The boots are surprisingly light. I keep getting compliments on them from strangers, but the most important compliments are coming from my feet. They are very pleased. Super worth it.
B00BCJV7H8 love these boots These are warm and dry and don't make my feet sweat!  I bought a 1/2 size up based on reviews and they fit perfect.  I get lots of compliments when I wear them!
B00BCJV7H8 love these boots These boots are super awesome! They fit perfectly and keep my feet dry and toasty warm! I would recommend these to anyone!
B00BCJV7H8 Great Boots I was so glad I had these the other day when we got 12&#34; of snow and the temperature was 6.  They kept my feet warm and dry while loading firewood.  I am a 7-1/2 in shoes but I ordered an 8 and they it well.  The price was right because I got them on Cyber Monday.  I saw them for almost $100 more than I paid on Zappos.  I would highly recommend them.
B00BCJV7H8 I love ths boot! I live in southern California so I didn't really need this boot but had to have it. They're so cute but more importantly, well made and water proof. The first day I wore them it was cold and rainy and they kept my feet warm and dry. Like another reviewer said, these are nice alternatives to Uggs. Also, I ordered my usual size 7 and they fit snug but not tight.
B00BCJV7H8 Best I've worn They are warm, light and extremely comfortable!  Absolutely recommend! Arrived quickly and already worn through 2 snowstorms- feet stayed dry and warm!
B00BCJV7H8 Very Warm and Comfortable These boots are well worth the money. The color was as I had expected, they fit like a dream. The lining on the inside of the boot is incredibly soft and keep my feet warm. I have worn them in the rain and aside from a couple of scuff marks they have held up incredibly well, my feet stayed dry throughout the day. The one thing that I am not 100% pleased with is the sole. They are grippy only on certain surfaces, like on concrete, or the road, but are a tiny bit slippery on linoleum and on grass (to be fair it was VERY muddy). They were very easy to break in, only uncomfortable for the first 20 min of walking, but not uncomfortable enough to have to take them off. They also look really good on fat calves like mine because they are lace-up. I have received a lot of compliments on them. Overall a great looking and great performing pair of boots. I would recommend them.
B00BCJV7H8 Perfect for narrow feet As other reviewers have stated, these boots do run narrow but that's perfect for me because I have very slim feet. Otherwise, the boots are sturdy but not a burden to walk in, they're fashionable, and they keep my feet warm and dry. What else could a girl ask for? I'm really happy I purchased these.
B00BCJV7J6 execellent boot Looking for a winter boot to keep my feet from freezing. These boots fit the bill. They keep my feet dry and warm in the Pennsylvania weather. Very comfy too! I ordered a 9.5 which gives me plenty of room for thick socks without being to tight or to loose with thin socks. Construction is sturdy and have had no issues. Great price too!
B00BCJV7J6 VERY Comfortable I walk hours every day as a mail carrier.  These are the most comfortable light weight boots and have kept my feet dry when it is wet out.  I would buy these again.  Great boot!
B00BCJV7J6 Love these boots. This is my first pair of Timberland boots.  They fit great, the quality is amazing, they are warm and keep my feet dry.  I love the elevated feel of them as well.  I highly recommend these boots.
B00BCJV7J6 Like the added POP of color! I absolutely love Timberland's boots, and these are no exception! They fit as expected, are super warm in our minus zero temps and snow we're having right now too. Feet kept dry and toasty, what more could you want?!!
B00BCJV7J6 Want to stay upright and not land on your behind this winter? No the most fashion forward boots I've ever had but they do the trick. They keep my feet warm and dry in this crazy winter we're having in the NE. Great traction when walking around the city, which was exactly what I needed.
B00BCJV7J6 I'm so glad I order this!!!! I love my new boots!!!!! The style and look is wonderful. Plus my feet are warm and dry. Love them!!!!
B00BCJV7J6 It was a perfect fit! I loved this shoe it kept me warm and dry as long as I wore my ski pants properly. Great shoes.
B00BCJV7J6 Excellent Boots Best boots ever!!! I am in love with these boots. Keeps feet warm and dry, but not too heavy or cumbersome to walk in. They are also made for a woman and have a more feminine look than most other snow boots.
B00BCJW35I Perfect boot Finally a boot that looks good. Fits good. And keeps your feet warm and dry! Get so many compliments every time I wear them.
B00BCJXLHW Great in Snow These boots are great! They are warm and keep your feet dry in the snow. I recommend these to anyone who lives somewhere that it snows a lot, and who wants to be warm and fashionable.
B00BCJXLHW Great boots. Great fit. Warm and comfortable. These are great to slip on like shoes or lace up when needed. Keep feet dry and comfy.
B00BCJXLHW my daughter loves these purchased for my daughter for college in Vermont. keep her feet warm and dry. she is very happy with the fit and styling.
B00BCJXLHW Great Boot! I'm a big fan of Timerberland boots. The fit is perfect with socks. Love the Burgundy color, this is a heavy bootOn your feet, so if you are working outdoors I recommend them. The keep my feet dry and warm.
B00BCJXLHW TIMBERLAND WOMEN'S TEDDY FLEECE FOLD DOWN ANKLE BOOT This boot is very comfortable and fits perfectly.  Out of all of the boots that I have which is quite a few pairs of boots this is the only boot that keeps my feet warm and dry.  I love them!!!
B00BCJXLHW timberland boots I love these boots, very comfortable and warm and keep feet completely dry in snow. They are very stylish and chic.
B00ED8P6UY A good work boot! My son loves them...they are a little heavy but they keep his feet warm and dry. The heel also helps a ton.
