B000073TM3 It's excellent. This shoe is beautiful my son love it as soon as he saw the shoe he was very happy, but it's somewhat bigger than him he said he will keep because he thought when i send it back for exchange he might not get the same thing. Is excellent an came earlier than the time.
B00009WM7J Excellent Product These are really beautifully made boots. I bought them in black for my 12 year old daughter in the Big Kids size 5 and she loves them. Very high quality material and craftsmanship. Exactly what one expects from Timberland products. Best of all, I got them for approximately $50 less here on Amazon than what they sell for on the Timberland website. Highly recommended!
B00009WM7J Excellent! Im wearing US 8 for NB sneakers and Timberland Junior US 7 2E fits me well!So glad that i can wear junior size as i saved quite a bit of money!!!Quality of the boots is excellent!
B00009WM7J Excellent product! These Timberland's feel great. I am a 7.5 in women and I ordered the 5.5 in big kid's. They are the perfect fit, with still room to wear a thick sock. I love them!
B0000AFSX4 Excellent The boots look way better in live than on the display picture,with a nice suede texture,I love them. I ordered a whole size smaller than my sons original size and there is still room. The cheapest I have come across for this style and quality. 100% real by the way.Thanks Amazon for the excellent service.
B0000AFSYY Timberland Waterproof Boot Bought these for my grandson for the cold winters here in Colorado. He absolutely loves them! We bought them somewhat large on purpose so hopefully he'll be able to wear them next winter as well. Excellent quality. Highly recommend.
B0002RDYMC Excellent boots for Excellent My little man was very happy when he received his Euro Hikers. These are my favorite boots as a man and I wanted to introduce them to my little hero to see if he approved.... And from this kick back it appears that he did.Thanks Amson to you and those hard warehouse workers in TN that made it all possible
B0007T4IGG Sturdy, comfortable boots Excellent boots.  Very, very comfortable. They are sturdy and absolutely waterproof.  Terrific price for these, as well.
B000AKVA6I Excellent service and shoe making Nothing to say but thanks about excellent service and manufacture of the boot. A little bit tight being brand new but that's ok.
B000AKVBCQ Perfect fit, durable feel So far, these have been some excellent work shoes.  Working on concrete surface all day, the comfort is good and the traction is excellent.
B000AKVBCQ Excellent Beautiful and comfortable. They are real work shoes also much more aesthetically beautiful,The sole has a lot of grip the shoe in general is very well taken care.
B000B2G1MI Excellent boot, great price! You can't beat the quality, comfort, or price of these boots. They aren't super stiff like a lot of other boots and are holding up really well considering I have a very rough 5 year old!
B000B2HQ5O Good Excellent item i bought for my first kid now this is for my second one super good for kids open from their legs
B000B2HQ5O Excellent attention. The specific purchase almost immediately, perfectly satisfied with the estimated time of delivery. Excellent attention. The product arrived in perfect condition and exactly is posted on the website.
B000B2HQ5O Timberland Hikers excellent choice for a country boy.I do believe my great grandson will enjoy the Timberland Hikers. great choice for outside play.
B000BB15ZC Excellent boots! Excellent boots, are very comfortable, keeps my feet dry and warm, an advantage for those who live in cold places like me. I recommend it.
B000BB15ZC Excellent The shoes I bought is for my husband. Excellent.It fits good.The deliver is also on time before the mentioneddate.I did also used my points to buy the shoes which was very good deal.I hope I can find another shoesto use all my points.
B000BB15ZC Timberland excellent gore tex boot ,saved my life in the winter , Fit perfect ,but you have to have your pants over the boots  the top hooks get stoke with each other wile you walk
B000BB15ZC Excellent Very good, better then what I expect.Excellent shoe and excellent shipment.I will buy more of this ones .
B000BB15ZC great hikers !!! Very comfortable, no break in required, perfect fit,breathable and excellent traction with soles. Will be my go to hiker from now on
B000BFIHVS excellent just what i was looking forthe product was too excellent beyound my expectation and i like the way the ship was done just in time and i think to recommend this to a friend someday
B000BFIHVS Excellent Product The product received in on time and in excellent condition. It's perfect fit for me. Fortunately I ordered broader one!! They are not as broad as they look.. so people with broader feet have to order broader one... All in all, I'm happy with my purchase
B000BFIHVS 1 star reviews? I'm not sure why there are so many 1 star reviews. I purchased these for working in a sheet metal warehouse and can tell these things are sturdy and rugged. After owning a few different pairs, I chose these and I'm amazed. Very comfortable with an excellent fit and very warm for our poorly insulated warehouse. I plan on making some trips to central NY as well and expect these to hold up excellent.
B000BFIHVS excellent!!! Good product, the boots are very nice, soft and light but strong and durable, they have come out very good quality
B000BFIHVS Superb investment Excellent boots for an excellent price. I use these everywhere: desert, beaches, rocks, woods, NYC streets and more. My feet love them. Buy them!
B000BFIHVS Excelent The item is an excellent product. Perfect Boots.A very good quality and the sole it's very soft, thing that make the walk more pleasant.
B000BFIHVS excellent seller excellent item highly suitable very good and fast the arriving of the item... just what i was needeng hen i bought it... recommended
B000BFIHVS excellent boots! first, i went to a shoemall and i prove my size, 9 ;) fit me perfectly. this boots are the best for price, quality and appearence ;) 5 stars
B000BFIHVS excellent the boot feels worm,comfortable,light, good looking,kind of larger then I expect. It worth more than the price I bought .
B000BFIHVS best buy Excellent shoes, good quality, comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Excellent Excellent pair of boot fits like a nice glove on the feet.would recommend these to anybody looking foe a good pair of boot.
B000BFIHVS TIMBERLAND Who am I to review Timberland ?  Am I specialist ? Are you a specialist ? Always EXCELLENT !!! FOREVER
B000BFIHVS Orlando J. Fajardo Guillen Excellent product was what I needed, I was very pleased with this article, please meet my expectations, very good service
B000BFIHVS Did not matter Even the fit a little tighter than expected, this boots are excellent, comforably and practical... I really recommend them. BYE
B000BFIHVS excellent hikers Just returned from Sequoia NP where I hiked 14 miles wearing these shoes. They were comfortable from the first stride to the last. I can normally only get about two seasons out of hiking shoes so am reluctant to spend big $. These are an excellent value. One of the positve aspects, ulike other hiking shoes I've worn, the laces do not come loose while walking. Tie them once they stay tied all day. I really like the tread pattern also; never slipped even on wet terrrain.
B000BFIHVS Excellent buy Great buy.  Already have one pair and they are very worn.  Bought these through Amazon.  Very fast in receiving and they are exactly what I was looking for.  Thank you.
B000BFIHVS lightweight and excellent Great boot for a great price! I'm glad I bought these for my husband. They are light and waterproof and he could hike in them easily
B000BFIHVS excellent boots these are great boots for the price. I have to wear insole inserts because be cause of bad legs. felt as good as NB running shoes
B000BFIHVS Excellent The fit and finish is perfect.  A terrific buy.  I would recommend these boots for anyone wanting a superior boot.
B000BFIHVS Excellent buy I had these boots before this buy.I am very pleased with these bootsExcellent product.Excellent Service.5 stars ratingThank you.
B000BFIHVS Very good boots! The boost fits foot well, excellent condition! It's worth to buy with the current price!Usually the boot is thing and hard, you should buy a wider one!
B000FX9A5S Awesome Service Great service, excellent delivery time and a great price. I even had to swap them out and it was very simple to swap them and get the correct size.
B000G1Z9XG very good I have not an excellent product, and very good attention to the estimated. I recommend it to all the public
B000G1Z9XG excellent quality These boots are really sturdy and feel good on my feet. I added a gel insole to help pad them since I am used to wearing sneakers that have much more padding.
B000G1Z9XG I love the shoes,excellent quality. I'm really happy and highly recommend this brand. Price was really good. I love the shoes. Excellent quality,very happy. I highly recommend this brand and also the price was really good .totally satisfied
B000G21BSC Women's Timberland Whiteledge Waterproof Mid The shoes are excellent, the delivery was quickThank you...
B000G23DQK Excelente producto Excellent product, good experience, I hope to buy very soon .. Thanks for being so helpful. I recommend them 100%
B000G23DQK Excellent!! Very comfortable and stylish. This model is all terrain, for work, to go out or whatever you want to use it for. I recommend it
B000G23DQK Great Deal fast shipping, excellent customer service. Had to exchange for a larger size and it was so easy to do. Best deal I've come across. would buy again
B000G23DQK Excellent boots.! excellent like always, this are my third pair of boots that I bougth. I have bought this pair of boots since 2000
B000G23DQK work bootss The boots are ok, difficult to break them in because of the stiff leather. other than that, they are excellent.
B000G23DQK Excellent product, worth its weight in gold I love this shoe, it is almost impossible to scratch or destroy its appearance without fire or some harsh corrosive.
B000G23DQK Timberland Men's Shoes (boots) are excellent.  Very well designed and comfortable to wear. Not heavy on feet at all.  Would recommend for any age.
B000G23DQK Excellent quality Arrived a day after the estimated day but was still in the acceptable range. Quick server response when I reported the issue. Overall the boots itself was excellent, new and came with a new shoe box. If you want to buy it you don't have to worry about the quality because it's legit!
B000G23DQK 6" Construction Timberland Excellent boot. Matches pretty much everything. Can't go wrong with these some nice jeans and a Yankee's fitted, even in the summer!!! Bought at an excellent price point as well!
B000G23X74 Great boat shoes Classic looks and excellent materials. Be sure to order half a size bigger than usual. They came in their original box.
B000G23X74 Excellent I bought 8 pairs for me and my father and they fit perfect. Colors, lines and details are also excellent
B000G24LJS Just what I wanted. Classic! The fit is excellent. Classic styling, good color, nice quality. Great purchase. I would recommend to all old school friends.
B000G24LJS I look excellent.... this is my sixth pair of the same models, the use since the 90sI look excellent. I recommend it
B000G24LJS Good!! The product is up to standard, so too the size, excellent finish, color is expected, without details, I recommend.regards
B000G24LJS Not bad at all! Fit is excellent for my 12 wide foot.  The only draw back is that the treads are a little large.
B000G24LJS A shoe for life! Excellent product. It is a very well-made shoes, the leather is top quality and durability! They are very comfortable for walking and for every occasion!
B000HGZRYQ Timberland Boots This was another excellent item purchased. They are REAL leather and hold up very well for wearing regularly on a daily basis.
B000MQHHB2 Excellent quality sock This is the only sock my husband will wear. I wish they came in navy. I couldn't find in stores
B000MX4UGU great shoes Excellent quality,  very nice look, but just too large.  Highly recommend seller and these boots if the width was not so big
B000MX4UGU TIMBERLAND boots - Outstanding workmanship, fit & VALUE!! This distributor is excellent. Timberland, of course, puts out a fine quality product, no doubt. The product shipped precisely as ordered, quality packaging, a perfect fit & an EXCELLENT value (fair price). Who could ask for more?!
B000P9E9LC Timberland Men's Sherrington Sandal 10 M US Excellent sandals.The skin of excellent quality.Strong.The size must be chosen.I wear a 10.5 and 10 is ideal.The box says 10 US 44 EU 9.5UK.I would recommend this product.Goods delivered quickly.A good salesman.
B000QW02F0 Can't be beat for the price Excellent boots.  Well made, great laces.  Comfortable right out of the box. Water proof.  And resistant to the deadly chemicals found in the chemical plant I work at.  Absolutely wonderful!
B000QW02F0 Timberland Pro Men's All excellent, very good seller, the product was perfect, very sturdy and is exactly what you order. I recommend it to the fullest.
B000TK6IMA Excellent School Shoes Excellent School Shoes, durable, confortable, the same quality that the Timberland Boot but more confortable. The leather is flexible and great feel.
B000UCCQEQ Excellent This shoe I have bought is excellent. it is as I have imagined, looking at the photo on the website.Comfortable and warm to wear mostly in the snow.No problem of slippery and pain neither in the delivery. It is for cold even in the breezy weather for out purpose. i have recommended three of my friends.
B000VI8UX0 Want a pair like these for myself! Got a pair for my son. Will search if they have it for adults too :)Note that, in just the several days, too early to comment on durability, but from the feeling in the hands - excellent.
B000VI8VBG EXCELLENT QUALITY! I bought this shoes for my 5 Year old Boy to start Kinder. He is size 11". I got the Black 11.5" Medium shoes, since his feet are skinny. Recommendation > Try any dress shoe at the stores to be sure that your son is Narrow/medium or wide + You can also can get the right size. :)Quality: Excellent! Real leather. Durable. Very light. Easy to put & take off.
B000VI8VBG Perfect! I have a very very picky and contrary 7 year old. He refuses to wear anything other than his tennis shoes. We bought these shoes for a wedding and of course it was a fight to get him to even try them on. However, once they were on, and he wore them to the wedding, he wants to wear them ALL THE TIME. I find this to be excellent. I am thrilled with the quality of these shoes and (if he doesn't completely wear them out) know that they will make it until they fit his brother. Excellent shoe, excellent price. can't go wrong.
B000VIAOMU nice My son hasn't actually worn these yet, but they appear to be a excellent quality for the price.  Identified as waterproof (have not tested yet), apparently well constructed, sturdy. Looking forward to taking these hiking.
B000VIAOMU good fit nice boots They fit my granddaughter and she loves them.  I picked them because they are water proof and we live in the woods and are excellent for the conditions she'll wear them in.
B000VIDXE6 excellent buy perfrect fit,  perfect for rough housing little rugrats. excellent price, holding up very well.the boys think there great as well
B000VQ9QKS Excellent waterproof hiking boots Excellent waterproof hiking boots, solid and sturdy.  Insoles included. The boots are as described.  Thick tread.  It is a decent pair of hiking boots.
B000VQ9QKS Excellent boots! I searched high and low for a hiking boot to replace my old Nike hikers and finally found these.  I purchased the men's version, but they are identical.  Very well made and the footbed is nice and supportive.  I wanted something that wasn't going to wear out quickly and that provided protection if I work in them as well as being comfortable to stand in.  These are excellent!!!
B000VQ9QKS excellent very good !more than expect!!!!!yes ,i have never has bought one shoes as good as this one ,that i can not wait to buy another.
B000VQBPOS Timberland Boots Excellent quality boot with fast shipping.  Will remember when I buy a new pair.
B000VW69IY VERY comfortable This shoe fits and performs well.I highly recommend this for all around wear.Excellent casual appearance. Appears to wear well.
B000VW69IY Outstanding Completely happy and well pleased.  Ordering foot wear on line is a risk but this one is a winner.  Size 15 and fit is perfect.  For those who carry a lot of weight this is an excellent solution.
B000VW69IY Excellent Shoe These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, including dress, casual, and athletic.  These are the third pair I have had and hope they don't go out of production.
B000VWER5G excellent shoes I'm very satisfied with the purchase of this product! Just like I expected, very confortable shoes!
B000VX01MS Excellent shoe! Excellent shoe!I have bought it for all the boys in the family as a gift!!!One of the best shoes I've ever wear!
B000VX01V4 Excellent quality. Comfortable. Durable This is such a classic shoe. It's the third pair that I have gotten. They are very comfortable as boat shoes should be, but also it's a bit more versatile than most Sperry's because of the clean treatment of the leather.
B000VX01V4 Good shoe, just as promised Gave these to my dad for Christmas. His old pair had worn out. We ordered the same size he had been wearing and they fit perfectly. The quality is excellent. They arrived on time and were packaged well.
B000VX01V4 exceed my expectations The design & quality and package of the shoes are excellent and exceed my expectations.It's bought as gift for kids, so purposely chose a slightly larger size (+0.5) - hence as expected. Thanks.
B000VX01V4 Just as good as Sperrys but about $25 cheaper. the fit is just as I expected and the quality of timberland is excellent.  I would buy these shoes again.
B000VX03GC I get what I wanted excellent boots I get what I wanted excellent boots for a good price. Comfortable in feet. Good quality and feeling lite on the feet.  I like them.
B000VX03GC Timberland is worth the cost These Tims are an excellent value.  The color is more a workshoe hue, but they are very good walking/hiking shoes.
B000VX03GC Excellent product I have only had these boots a few days, but they fit so comfortably, I wear them all the time. I have not yet worn them on a hike, but I suspect that they will perform very well. Already thinking about buying another pair.
B000VX03GC Pleased except... A great hiker. Fairly lightweight and comfortable. Excellent waterproofing. I've always had trouble with fit due to a high instep, but the Chocorua Trail fit nicely. Breathes well. Excellent traction in the first six months. Purchased in June, 2012, worn out by April, 2013. That's the only disappointment. Apparently, in order to get good traction, the tread material wears quickly. I've never worn out a hiker in under a year. Would I buy them again? Probably... Unless I can find something where the tread quality isn't a compromise between durability and performance. The other features outweigh that one weakness.
B000VX03GC Timberland Hikers Although I have not hiked  great deal in them yet, my initial impression is an excellent shoe.  Great quality construction and materials seem of high quality.  Comfort weaingwithout breaking in.
B000VX03GC Everyday use for fall and early spring. Excellent quality and comfort. They are supportive yet not too restrictive.Very stylish and not outlandish.Very good price. Order 1/2 to 1 size larger
B000VX03GC Excellent quality These boots not only look good and very male, but they have excellent quality. My husband loves them and have been wearing them since they got here.
B000VX03GC Excellent Product!!! This is my second pair. They are comfortable and last longer then cheaper brands. Tried other less expensive brands and found they didn't compare in comfort or durability.
B000VX03GC Excellent comfort fit. Love these shoes, water resistant is great.  Very comfortable fit.  I have purchased several pairs of this model shoe and the only complaint is that the durability of soles could be better.  Great for long walks, and hiking.  Delivery was fast, and they arrived in perfect condition.
B000VX03WQ These are great boots!!! I am a letter carrier for the United States Postal Service. These boots are simply excellent. They are truly waterproof and i have had ample opportunity to find out. They are extremely comfortable and lightweight. They are rugged, too. Buy these with confidence!!!
B000VX03WQ an excellent shoe Very robust, true to size, warm & very comfortable for long hikes. This is my 2nd pair in 5 years, way to go Timberland !!!
B000XEEQAI Excellent Work asphalt all day in South Carolina, drive truck to and from jobsite and then get in my car and drive home. This boot is durable and flexable enough to do both. Very comfortable, good support.
B000XEEW9S outstanding this is the second pair of timberland pro that I have bought for my husband. no break in period needed. they are comfy from the start.  he wears these boots 10-14 hours per day, 5 days a week. talk about quality, he's been wearing them four (4) years.  timberland makes sure you get your moneys worth.  excellent, excellent product. wearing a size 14 4E, these boots are perfect.
B000XEEW9S Can't go wrong with these By far the most comfortable boots I've bought in some time. Seriously, no break in time required and 100% comfortable right out of the box. Excellent craftsmanship, quality materials, and not as heavy as you would expect.
B000XEEW9S Excellent Timberland Pro Men's is the Bomb! I've been wearing these boots for approx (1) One Month, 5-days a week, (8) Eight hours a day and at no time have I had any problems with these boots! Will buy again!!
B000XEH2JA Comfortable These are extremely comfortable boots, a little warm for the summer, but excellent the rest of the year.Perhaps slightly bulky in appearance, but have held up nicely, are very high quality and clean up nicely as well.
B000XEJ3HO excellent shoe! chose for brand reliabiliity and looks.  shoes met our expectations.  it is lighter than the other styles and just as stylish and reliable.
B000XEJ9V4 Top Boots Really a pair of comfortable boots. Excellent, flow ,water resistant, beautiful to wear them ,you can walk in 24 hours  are really comfortable.
B000XEJ9V4 THESE BOOTS ARE EXCELLENT MY HUSBAND IS VERY HAPPY WITH THE BOOTS. THEY ARE EVERYTHING THAT HE WAS LOOKING FOR. A GREAT PRICE AS WELL.
B000XEKCRE Excellent boot These boots are excellent. They are very comfortable and very rugged. Highly recommended. I wear them every day and they feel like a good pair of sneakers.
B000XEKHOC true to fit and comfort I bought these for my boyfriend because I know that timberland pros are true to fit and excellent quality,I was not nervous buying these for him as a surprise because they are so awesome.  He loved them and they fit perfect.
B000XEKHOC Excellent pair of boots I am breaking them in now, but no pains and when walking long distances, great grip sturdy construction - the round laces make it easy to untie & give a secure fit.I would & have recomended these Boots already.
B000XEKHOC Excellent Boots I've been a Timberland Boots buyer for more than 20 years.  My feet are comfortable and safe, customer for life.
B000XEKHOC Excellent construction. Really great shoes, worn them for a while now and they have a pretty solid feel to them.  My one complaint is that the padding on the inside of the shoe wears down kinda quick, in general.
B000XEKHOC EXCELLENT Timberland PRO Men's 26036 Direct Attach 6&#34; Soft Toe Boot,Black, Fits perfect ,excellent boots, good price too..Thank You so much....
B000XEKHOC Excellent Buy !!! These boots are very comfortable, It's like walking on air. I was surprised to see a serial number inside. Thank you very much.
B000XEKHOC Nice choice Very pleased!  Fit is excellent.  I've always had a very good experience with Timberlands.  Perfect for what I do every day.
B000XEKIUK Exactly what i was looking for - just not for me Excellent boot for person with smaller foot than I - was true to size and excellent since day one - cant ask for much more than that
B000XEKIUK Excellent product This boot was everything I expected and more!  It has a very comfortable fit and the workmanship of the boot is stellar.  I will be buying another pair as soon as mine wear out
B000XEKIUK Hasn't disappointed yet! This is the third pair of these workboots I have purchased, and they don't disappoint. Waterproof as advertised, most comfortable and well made I have ever worn. An excellent choice.
B000XEKK94 Timberland Boots Timberland boots are known for their superior quality and excellent performance. To a man that's like looking at a diamond in a box! They are the boot of boots. Anything else is a substitute for the real thing. They are sturdy and attractive on the outside and cushioned and warm on the inside. Exceptional quality and great price.
B000XEKK94 Excellent boots! These were my first pair of Timberland boots and I absolutely love them. They are very comfortable. The water proofing works great and I trudge through snow and they come out bone dry. Excellent pair of boots. A+
B000XEKK94 I like it boots Excellent quality of performance. Good materials, the shoes are comfortable to wear. I like the moisture removal system - sock dry and condensation under the insole.
B000XEKK94 Strong This shoe is strong and looks really strong. He has excellent finish, good stitching and is very comfortable. It is indicated for men who want to appear masculine.
B000XEKK94 very solid boots these are excellent boots. the steel head are really useful to protect your toes. the overall design is great too.
B000XEKK94 Excellent Everything about these boot eere excellent.  The fit the quality the look and feel. I almost forgot...the Price! I would recommend these boots to anyone thinking about making a purchase.
B000XEKK94 work man Excellent boots.super strong and sterdy.. well made and comfortable! I would recommend these boys to any contractor. ..water proof too..
B000XELF3O great steel toed boot Using this for work will be excellent and safe for landscaping and lawn service.  color and fit were what I needed
B000XELF3O Luv them! Very nice boot to work in. Lite weight yet excellent quality, which Timberland always seems to deliver. Couldn`t pass up this deal
B000XELF3O excellent work boots It's an excellent pair of boots, it's comfortable and keeps my feet dry. The soll is very durable yet keeps me from slipping(I work where most of the floor stays wet),yet I didn't slipp at all.
B000XELF3O Excellent work boot These boots are excellent work boots. They provide excellent support and protection. My feet don't get too hot or tired in these. They are easy to lace up and the remove able insole can be washed. The steel toe adds a little weight but it gives real protection. I recommend them  for anything but very cold weather as they are not super insulated. Protect them with silicone or mink oil and they last about three years .
B000XELF3O safety boots Very confortable , excellent quality of materials , can work 8 hrs. With them without getting so tired very good buy.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pitboss 6" These boots are good quality durable long lasting comfortable to wear work boots.  The are an excellent value for the price.
B000XELF3O Excellent Boots are well made will buy again excellent quality and the boots look great on as well as comfortable very happy
B000XELF3O Excellent work boots Fit and feel was excellent just as I expected.  I am very happy with my choice.  I would purchase these boots again.
B000XELF3O Excellent Product, Price, and Customer Service I just wanted to share that I was very pleased with my recent purchase with Amazon.  Even though it was my own error for first ordering SOFT toe boots for my husband, you allowed me to easily return them, and let me order the STEEL toe boots which he needed.  Your customer service was excellent and it was never a hassle nor inconvenience to me, nor to you to allow me to switch.I look forward to more purchases, and savings, shopping at Amazon.Thanks,Stacy Smith
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Pitboss 6" Soft-Toe Boot Excellent (fit and looks) pair of work boots, I got the WIDE model could not B happier !!Thanks Amazon..got a very good price and they were delivered on time.
B000XETJU0 Excellent as usual Timberland boots especially the Pro Pit boss is not only extremely comfortable but they last forever. I absolutely love these boots and they are always my first choice.
B000XETJU0 Comfortable workboots Theese boots are comfortable and of excellent quality very good value compared to the cost at Sears or shoe stores
B000XETJU0 Short stuff This boot is short with an excellent sole and little too much volume in the heel. Buying .5 size up is risky unless you have a fat foot.
B000XETU1I excellent I bought to my son and he love it. It's very comfortable. Excellent boots,  nice color. I will recommend to my friends
B000XEVJJO Love the boots Very comfortable... First time I've ever wore anything but the traditional buckskin leather boot. Can't even tell they are steel-toed. Vey light and excellent cushioning.
B000XEVJJO This is a must have boot I sometimes use this boot on weekly bases. Since got it I have not had a bad thing to say about the boot. It's not too heavy, and has an excellent grip even when I climb 45 to 50 degrees dipping out-crops. The steel toe has been a foot/ life saver time and again, and the excellent sole desire give my tall frame the needed extra grip that has made often made the difference between falling down the side of a road-cut and regaining my balance after afew steps. Excellent hiking boot, will recommend it.
B000XEVLF6 Excellent value These shoes fit like a high quality glove the instant I put them on.  I am often on my feet on hard concrete floors for extended periods of time in addition to my daily treadmill walk routine and so far the foot support and comfort exceeds my expectations.
B000XEVM8W good quality workwear Excellent  work boot, comfortable and water resistant.  Probably not the best in hot weather as they do not ventilate well.  Will be looking for something else for summer.
B000XEW60K durable and comfortable Good value, look good and are very comfortable.  I like the slip-on style as I keep them at work. Excellent product.
B000XEX67M High quality ! Excellent product for the line of work , welder on a cruise ship . Recommend this boot to anybody who work in the field .
B000XF04LM Excellent comfort Excellent comfort and qualityExcellent for use for long hoursThree times I bought shoes for 3 and a half yearsI have not seen a rival model Dr. Martens Men's Resistor ST ESD Steel Toe Shoe
B000XF4D1Y timberland shoe exceptional value Excellent product so comfortable I did not want to take it off at all speedy delivery please try it yourself you will not be disappointed. Thanks.
B000XFA3QI Excellent quality, comfort Excellent quality, comfort, fit, and durability.  I wear my Timberland Pro's Steel Toe boots pretty much every single day of the year.  I have flat feet (no arches) so wearing  anything else or anything less makes my feet hurt.  I like these so much that I prefer them over slippers, flip flops, or even going bare foot on the beach - I'm not kidding!  I work them to death and they still last for years.  I bought another pair just so that I would have a back up.  -- Lon
B000XR2W1U Excellent Boots! Excellent boots! They fit my feet like nothing I've ever found, I even have my wife wearing them now. She loves them too so I bought her 2 pairs this time.
B000XR30FM Excellent Boot Extremely comfortable, absolutely no break in period needed.  I've only had them a few months so I can't comment on durability yet.  I would possibly consider ordering a 1/2 size down.  I just where thicker socks and they're fine.
B000XR30FM excellent boots These boots are very comfortable to work in the field. Very good to hike (not for climbing, though). I am totally satisfied with this product.
B000XR4IXA Excellent Boots These are hands down the best work boots I've ever owned.  Very comfortable right out of the box and excellent quality.  Wore a pair of these at work for two years without any degredation in stitching or the outer components of the boot. Padding did finally wear out on the inside.  I'm ordering an identical pair.  They're that good!
B000XXGMRO Excellent Timberland always makes excellent quality boots and this one was no exception. They fit is perfect and the leather is great quality and they look fantastic. I would highly recommend this product.
B000XXGMRO Perfect Boots Excellent boots, very supportive and very comfortable. Sometimes I was wearing them for the whole full day and no discomfort occurred whatsoever. A big recommendation
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthlink Boot The boot/shoe is basically what I expected. Quality is typical of Timberland. Fit is not uniform as with other Timberland shoes I currently own.  Difference noted. Excellent delivery time as always with Amazon.
B000XXGMRO Excellent quality, fast delivery I have several pairs of Timberland boots, these are the best for quality, fit and comfort. Awesome :)
B000XXGMRO mr nadir that s was very fast.....thank s...delivered so quickly something to apo address is incredible ... thank you very much once again, and thanks to amazon.com.The boots are of excellent quality....I recommend you to everyone
B000XXGMRO Purrfect Wear it when the snow is rather heavy and it's really sturdy, and I need to walk uphill at my city (providence) so I don't slip and fall. It looks good too c:Customer service is excellent, had a size too smal and then had it returned which was a seamless process.Would recommend this shoe to anyone out there looking for some good ol' walking boots
B000XXGMRO Great deal!!! I couldn't be more pleased with the purchase. Very comfortable boot, nice look, durable and excellent price too. That's all that i wanted! Five star product.
B000XXGMRO looks very cool bought them for boyfriend's birthday,he loved them.but now he is ex. pity. but it is really excellent boot for man.
B000YDBIJU Comfortable and classy.... I'm a musician, and I bought this sandals to work in... It is very comfortable (I stand and play), and it could be used in casual and semi-formal gigs... Really good buy, and excellent service...
B00110CR1S just what he needed Bought boots for active 12 year old.  He finds them very comfortable and they are perfect for cold, but not snowy days.Excellent price.
B00110CR1S Excellent value. My grandson is 10, and at the age he wants to pick his own clothing. He loves his new boots. Great fit, sized perfectly, and no break in period. Good looking boots, well made, and kept his feet warm on his first time wearing them, a 5 mile hike with his dad. Thanks Timberland.
B0013KE6DS EXCELLENT!!! VERY GOOD ITEM AND QUALITY.... AS ALL TIMBERLAND ITEMS...ARE VERY CONFORTABLE FOR MY KID..RECOMENDED 100%
B0017017EU Excellent Quality, Unbeatable Price, What a Buy I paid $40 for this Timberland shoes with free shipping. Excellent quality and comfort. I also bought a black pair. The shoes are waterproof and great quality of leather. I would think anyone buying these shoes would not be disappointed.
B001702CV2 Excellent for winter I got this for running in the cold and wet winter of Michigan. Waterproofing is excellent and Vibram outsole does a good job on fluffy snow. Not as light and comfortable as a good regular running shoe, but for what I bought I didn't find anything better. I could never find a Goretex shoes like this for $60 if not online.
B001704YR2 EXCELLENT QUALITY I USE TIMBERLAND SHOES AND BOOTS FROM YOUNG AND I HAVE NEVER HAD COMPLAINTS OF THIS BRAND OF SHOES ARE REALLY COMFORTABLE, QUALITY MODEL DETAILS AND THIS IS NOT THE EXCEPTION, ARE PERFECT, AND THE DETAILS OF TWO PAIRS OF LACES IS IDEAL. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B001760K56 Excellent Product ! There are so comfortable. High quality. There are well made. I love these boots and I received a lot of compliments every time that I use it. Thanks.
B001760K56 Excellent boots Excellent boots.Fit so good, nice leather. I can spend all day  wearing them.The number is right.I  really recomend them.
B001760OQQ Excellent Boot! After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a bit on the fence about ordering these boots in the size I needed, but not in wide width(since they were out of stock). After retiring my other boots of 4 years, I needed something that wasn't going to give out on me in three months. Well, they just came today, I got them in a 9 1/2 and I must say, they are some comfy boots. I put my feet in them, and have been wearing them most of the day, no discomfort, almost like they were already broken in for me. Excellent quality, well made..I have a feeling these boots are going to get some major mileage outta me. I just wished with pants on that they didn't look so cowboy bootish..Other then that, highly recommended.
B0017T1LOC Excellent Product Great quality, great fit.  They are well made, with good quality fabric, heavy seams and quality button.  I really like them!
B001ABTE7S Excellent Boots! Comfortable from the moment I put them on.  Good looking and Very light.  Warm & dry. Timberland quality at great price.  Did not get the white ones pictured,tho
B001AV2TRA Excellent quality. Excellent price. A good-looking shoe built with the familiar Timberland quality. Important also: the sizing of all Timberlands seems to be the same, so a 43 in one model is the same size as a 43 in another model.
B001AV2TRA good Quality Excellent shoes very good skin, well corked, just find it a little heavy is what takes the comfort completely. thanks
B001B7FP60 Timberland Men's Woodbury Shearling Boot:  Excellent Boot These boots came in perfect condition, with easy delivery, and satisfied all of my expectations.  If you are looking for a sturdy style of footwear at a reasonable price, I recommend these shoes
B001B7FP8I Excellent It's excellent product. Very warm and high quality leather. But I think the shape could be better, because it makes boot looks bigger than it should be.
B001EBJU82 timberland pro boots this boot was excellent in the comfort department.  it was a little on the heavy side but overall i would purchase another pair.
B001EWFF30 Excellent finish, good product Excellent finish, good productWell: they are very lightweight and comfortable, comes well packedSo far they do not see anything wrong
B001EWFF30 luisalfocata@gmail.com Excellent shoes, and cheaply, also very soft to walk, not abused, has good finish and is made of good quality raw material
B001EWFF30 Nice Shoes This is an excellent product for the price I paid. It fits well and is comfortable. The actual color is darker than what appears online.
B001EWFG98 Excellent Value I love everything about this shoe:  style, fit, comfort, weight, durability, and value.  You can't go wrong for hiking or casual wear.  The sizes run a little toward the smaller end of their actual sizing scale.
B001FA11OS TIMBERLAND MENS BOOT This is the third pair of Timberland Boots I have purchased. Excellent quality and high standard of material and workmenship. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase timberland boots through Amazon again.
B001FXZU92 Excellent Pair of Boots These boots are amazing.  They are more comfortable than any shoe I own, and while they are heavy due to the toe and shank, they are comfortable to wear all day long.  I would not hesitate to reccomend them
B001KOQ4EG walkin my dogs Excellent shoes,good service, the one downside is UPS does not deliver to postal box. Had to pick them up myself.
B001KU86CS Quality product This sweater is well made, the garment is excellent, it's looking great and are highly recommended.
B001KVYDNS Amazing I got one, and i can tell you that it is what i was looking for...Rally good, Excellent delivery time and very confortable
B001L1DBQC Well built and Comfortable This is my second pair of these boots.  I liked the first set so well I bought the same thing again.  I'm happy they still make this model.  The height gives excellent ankle support for climbing ladders, etc. and the coated toe helps keep me from wearing out the toes as fast.  Excellent boots!
B001P86K6O comfortable womens boot This product was very fashionable at a excellent price. I own a black pair in the nubuck finish. I was looking for a wheat color boot also. Thank You Amazon for being able to fufill my request. Kim.
B001PBK87I My new timberland Pro Men's 8" waterproof Workboot in a wide size Well fitting, good looking, durable workboot that is comfortable and affordable.  Received excellent feedback from others, they really like the look of the boot as well.
B001PBK87I excellent choice! Nice, warm boot, requires no break in period, very true to size. I am very pleased with them and would order them again.
B001S5X31E Superb Quality Amazing Packaging I just received the boots yesterday. They are excellent. The size is exact and the boots are fabulous. Really good quality and comfortable to wear.
B001SARJXC in the rain this shoes rules! excellent quality, good design and materials, i live in panama (republic of panama), and its a excellent choice for wet and rainy weather!
B001SARJXC Excellent Value! Having ordered another product that LOOKED similar, but was made with Man-made materials, I was disappointed that those boots lasted two months. Ordered these as replacements, and have been pleased with the fit, as well as the ease of donning and doffing! Very happy!
B001SARJXC No break-in required... These boots are comfortable right from the start. They have excellent insoles, soft soles, and soft leather. My only problem is that I can tell they won't be with me for much more than a year because of the afformentioned items. The soles are already showing wear and the leather isn't very thick. They are great for the price though.
B001SARJXC Timberland boots Excellent productGot it at 20% less with free shipping from amazon as compared to same product from Macy'sGood quality leather and sole rubberThe looks allows u to wear at work with no issues
B001U89OGM You won't be disappointed!! I"m not sure which impressed me more, these great looking boots that are SO comfortable, or the excellent service from Amazon.con, they arrived within 24hrs.....you won't be disappointed by either!!!
B001UGD7HQ Excellent watch !!! It is an excellent watch. But little heavy. But I like it very much. I am using this watch for the past 1 year and didn't have any problem.
B001VNCNL4 Excellent Casual Boots Bought these for casual wear and could not be happier with the look and comfort.  They feel like boots that have already been broken in and have excellent cushioning.  Not sure these would survive as work boots, but for casual wear they are perfect.  As other reviewers have mentioned they do run big.  I wear a size 11 in most other boots, and needed a 10 in the EarthKeepers.
B002618DBE Is a excellent product The shoes are excellent quality, are comfortable. I recommend it porqe are very durable, more for small children.I recommend them!
B00295RHV4 Excellent ladies' work boot Very comfortable and true to size. I am very pleased with this purchase.  I had to return the Caterpillar boots because they were too big and were not made with the same quality.
B00295RJIU Sneakers MY Employee choose this sneaker because we work on cement floors all day and we needed something that has excellent support.
B0029XG3OS Excellent boots I have a job where I destroy boots, this is the second time I but them! They are comfortable, strong an soft for my feet! This ones are the best!
B002CVUSEI Excellent quality and comfort! These boots are firm yet lite and very comfortable. Excellent quality and it feels like I'm wearing a dress shoe. Every where I go, people compliment me and ask where I purchased them.
B002EKMKMU Excellent quality, finally! I have purchased several wallets on Amazon.  They were not good at all.  Then I purchased the Timberland and could not be more pleased.  It is a real good quality leather, with matching construction.  I will buy it again.
B002NEGCC6 Very comfortable shoes I recommend this product 100% is very stylish and very comfortable, combined with almost all types of clothing. Excellent Material.
B002NEGCC6 Thank You Timberland & Amazon I do love these shoe!! Excellent deal from Timberland and Amazon. Keep the great deal coming and I will keep buying.
B002NEGCC6 Shoes are comfortable and exactly what I wanted. They are consistent with Timberland quality Based on pricing and comparison to other shoes, are an excellent value. Great for casual wear and in bad weather.
B002NEGCC6 Excellent Excelente! Llegaron tal cual como los solicit&eacute;! Me quedaron a la perfeccion!Excellent!  As it arrived as requested!  I stayed to perfection!
B002NEGCC6 good branding Excellent product, I liked these shoes a lot. They are very comfortable for walking. I recommend them all to one hundred percent. If I could I bought several pairs of this brand.
B002NEGCC6 Excellent shoes Very comfortable shoes and excellent price!! I fully recommend it. I liked too much and would like to buy a couple of pair more in other colors.
B002NEGCC6 excellent Looking for something comfortable and lite on your feet? Well this is the perfect shoe. This is exactly what i ordered and very much satisfied...won't hesitate to place another order.
B002YOMJPY Excellent Boot The finish of the boot is excellent. It is actually warmer than expected. The grip works very well in snow. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the boot feels about half a size too large. Even feels slightly loose with a wool hiking sock.
B002YOMJPY Timberland These boot feel and fit as they should they were delivered on time and in excellent condition they are exactly as I expected
B002YOMJPY Timberland's Mens Waterproof Boot Excellent high quality product.Great choice for a workboot.They fit very comfortably and wear very well.They are my second pair of Timberland boots and I will definitely purchase a third.
B002YOMJPY Good deal Fit well, light and comfortable seem durable, will update after several months of hiking but first look is excellent especially given the price.
B002YOMJPY Excellent... Received these today and will put them to use immediately (NE Ohio in the winter of 2014). Fit is excellent, width is good. Will be testing the waterproofing and such but have no reason to doubt.A good choice, I think.
B002YOMJPY Great Price, Excellent Boot Brought the boots for my two sons and they fits true to size. Same boot different color was $30 more than Amazon, so the price was excellent. The boots are waterproof, handles the snow-slush well. Very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Excellent! Nice especially for the price,  Waterproof as it is said, Looks good, Lightweight and very comfortable! I recommend to all.
B0033BMS6C Very Satisfied These boots are to die for!They are excellent quality and a replica of his dads boots. They fit him well and were well worth the money. I would buy again!
B0034G54BM Satisfied customer Excellent. Great fit. Quality just expected for this brand if leather boots.  Definitely would recommend these boots to anyone who wants true to fit and soft leather.
B0034G558E Great boots for the cost! Excellent fit and the boots are exactly what I hoped they would be. They are stylish with an obvious sturdy appearance. Extremely satisfied!
B0034G5H9G timberland buy some shoes and my experience was excellent, the purchase was easy, fast and were responsible for the shipping. the shoes are a lot of quality thanks
B0034XRYQ8 Excellent service I have come to expect exceptional quality from timberland products. They tend to last longer and save money in the long term.This item was shipped on time and arrived as advertised. I will definitely recommend this seller
B0034XRZEE perfect "grown up" shoe for the very casual soul. I ordered this excellent boot shoe on 3/29/2011. Today is 8/2/2012 and they are in excellent shape. I never had a better fitting shoe. Signs of wear are minimal, however I did replace the laces. I actually can't believe it's been a year and a half and there's no major blemish. They're very comfortable, perfect fit from the first day (double check your size), and fit even better now. The lace eyes are in great condition and the tread is still excellent even though I like to let them skid on the road when I ride my moped (there's only the slightest bit of fading at one spot on the bottom). And they look fantastic, a perfect "grown up" shoe for the very casual soul.
B0034XS4OY Excellent These shoes are great for cold (wet, snowy) weather when you need something dressier than boots. True to size, too.
B0037CW26I excellent!!! Great product, is a high quality shoe materials, left me super good zise 11 are considering me than other brands were a little tight, are super comfortable, they are definitely good shoes, recommended.
B003A4V78C This is a must buy shoe These timberland shoes are great value for money, classically stylish and so comfortable.  Once again an excellent product by Timberland.
B003A4V78C Excellent, Comfortable, Sleek This is an excellent pair of shoe. I monitor real estate developments and somtimes meet inhouse with developers, this shoe is suitable/tasteful enough for any occasion.It really looks sleek especially with dockers. The ladies love it!The leather is firm but i suspect in time will become supple. The sole is firmly cushioned yet soft.Again, an excellent pair of shoe.
B003A67X5G Excellent Work Boot Great boot. Loved the color, fit and weight. Will definitely buy again. Excellent work boot. Comfortable too! My husband is already talking about the next pair.
B003AZZJYY excellent boots excellent boots, very comfortable, I'm fine all day, excellent quality and are really really waterproof, I am very happy with them
B003AZZMRS perfect fit These boots have held up extremely well. Excellent craftsmanship!! Will definitely purchase again in the future! very pleased with the results!
B003BLPA00 Excellent value Warm, comfortable and my son loves them. Excellent value I would highly recommend them more than available alternatives. Would buy them again
B003ELOZSU Excellent Boots! These boots are real nice.  They are very functional, good looking and waterproof.  I like the material in that it appears to be all natural leather.  They are warm and I like the length.
B003EV5KB6 INCREDIBLE BOOT!! These boots are incredible!!  They're absolutely gorgeous, and of course, very well made; excellent quality; highly recommended. I'd probably consider this my best purchase of the season!!
B003EYW5EI Excellent The quality is excelent. Muy dougther love it. I use it for a long time and continue as new. Excellent
B003EYW6N8 Excellent. The size is true. Has a combination last and is very comfortable. Would recommend for multiple uses, light hiking or city walking.
B003EYW8EK EXCELLENT SCHOOL SHOE This is my son's third pair and we will continue to by these shoes.  They are excellent school shoes.  They are tough and don't fall apart.  They are re-enforced at the toe so they do look all torn and scraped from the kids dragging their feet.
B003HKRGUM Excellent Boot Purchased these boots were all I expected from Timberland! They are comfortable,light weight and worth every cent spent. Delivery was exceptional! Rating product and service as 5+ stars.
B003HLI3B2 Very Comfortable Very comfortable.  Excellent for standing on your feet all day, such as I do.  Very happy with product as expected.
B003HLJETC Excellent comfortable shoe Fits true to size and is very comfortable while still being stylish.  Heel is sturdy without looking clunky.  Comfortable enough for all day.
B003LBWOCM Excellent Excellent product.  I needed a lip in the toe and heel to prevent my orthotics from sliding out.  This was the only product that did so.
B003NUQYC2 excellent quality My son is happy with the boots are cute and very comfortable to work in contruction resistant material is excellent quality
B003NUR4P8 Really excellent work shoes These shoes are excellent.  The fit perfect, don't get wet, and because of the synthetic toe they weigh only 20% as much as a normal work shoe.They are also excellent for hiking.I will definitely buy more of these.
B003NUR4P8 Excellent boots. The boots are heavy duty and light weight at the same time. I really enjoy them.  They're a little snug. But I know what exact size to order next time.
B003TFEA5O Beautiful Love it excellent fit and looks great. fit so good bought another pair for my daughter. Excellent quality leather. k
B003TFEA5O Beautiful, excellent quality I ordered these boots after I saw them on my niece.  They are so comfortable and well made and fit perfectly - true to size.
B003TFEA5O Love these. Great for jeans. Soft & comfy.  Relaxed (but not too relaxed).  Rich, beautiful color. Very attractive. Excellent quality and true to fit (of massive importance when you're purchasing on-line).  I haven't taken them off since I received them -- they feel so good.Highly recommended.
B003V45XRC Shoes were excellent I gave these to our Grandson and he was so excited about them.  Said they were excellent and just what he wanted.  Thank You
B003ZU0MGY Very Good timberland recommend this jacket is very comfortable besides that wears very well. One hundred percent recommend it 100% ... excellent everything.
B00408A14S GREAT....BUT EXCELLENT FIT AND LOOK, but for some reason when I take them off my 18 mth olds feet after 1 hour... his feet are very hot and sweaty.Otherwise Very well made and Does Not leave marks all over.
B0041OD6J8 Excelente very good shoes, long walks when the mountains are very comfortable shoes, their design is excellent, a little uncomfortable when placed at the end of shoelaces and ankle which are holes and when tie is a bit uncomfortable, but the rest is an excellent shoe for detail only the jetty, I recommend it 100% to people who like to hike in the mountains or in city life
B0049N3S58 Very comfortable boot! Comfortable, no break in time needed, haven't worn them in the rain yet so still checking them out but so far excellent!
B004EHXZ1Q seriously great one great shoes, my boy loved it very much. The size was excellent and the high quality was obvious. I highly recommend it
B004FESCK2 Excellent boots These boots are amazing. They're waterproof, keep your feet warm, have excellent traction, and are stylish. Highly recommend these boots.
B004FKTPZC Excellent. Excellent fit and construction.  Just what I would expect from a Timberland product. Boot is perfect for my needs especially in the Spring and Fall mud seasons.
B004J2HSIC Excellent I am light and are warm.Just kind of shoes I wanted.This product is exactly that expectedI recommend it to all users to buy it
B004J8UQ9Y excellent boots good ProductI like my boots, good performan and finish are excellent for the field, I highly resistant and lightweight
B004K22W2S Good Boot Comfortable boot once it is broken in.  The quality is satisfactory not excellent because the sole wears quickly. I still love the boots.
B004K66PAE very good boots, excellent quality I puted only **** because I'mI am very thin ... and this boot is too wide for me ... always the price moving... I payed more than I bought other day..
B004K6C6ZW Excellent Excellent product the product I come very well and it is what was waiting of, I come in time, good
B004KQ4IWG how? These boots are soooo comfortable, i am still trying to figure out how they could make it so.  I could walk in it all day, in spite of the heels.  It is light too, so it is excellent for traveling.  This is a great buy.
B004L32PFU Super boots!!! Very nice and warm boot with excellent quality. Exaclty what you are expecting from Timberland. Nothing less than 5 stars product.
B004MPRIL8 great one great shoes, my boy loved it very much. The size was excellent and the high quality was obvious. The dark Black looked very nice. I highly recommend it
B004P1A5YG That's what I want It's the first time buying in AMAZON but excellent purchase, my husband love it. The undersole is soft, just a little smelly and airproof.
B004P1A5YG fit as expected the fit of the camper shoe was excellent. i adore the style and the neatness. fits like a hand in a glove. received good comments from my co-workers. i will be ordering again in the near future.
B004P1Q84C Perfect Thanks! service was excellent! Only one critical side was a little bit small. My friend was so happy to wear it
B004PFNIBY Beatiful sunglasses This sunglasses are very beautiful... It looks better when you have it in your hands... Excellent love the product !! Thanks
B004PZYM3C Great Boots These are excellent boots.  I'm usuallly a 10.5 wide, but had to go up to an 11W on these.  Very comfortable, very durable.  I had an older version of these a few years back called the torrance.  These are much better.
B004PZYM3C Excellent The service was great the product was better I could not wear the shoes so I do not know if a good measure
B004Q01HZM I love these boots these are excellent boots.  great traditional style, excellent Timberland quality, true to size.  if you want a great pair of boots for jeans that have a classy look, these are the boots to buy.
B004Q01HZM Excellent ankle boot Deliberated on these for weeks. Glad to have made the purchase. Construction is excellent and main purpose for buying. Used as a work shoe where I am on feet 6-8 hours a day. Feet do not feel fatigued.
B004QMZS0A Splendid shoes! Timberland! It is excellent packaging and size. Really love it even it is a bit hurt on my ankles. Hope it is more flexible soon!
B004RF5KP4 My daughter loves them! They're very warm, and very, very easy to put on and take off which is important for little ones!!! Excellent quality. No complaints whatsoever.
B004RUDRY0 Excellent, durable, soft, warm These boots are excellent, good quality and cute.  They are flexible, durable yet soft enough and comfortable.I would buy them again and again.
B004T0YVZ2 Daughter loves them My daughter loves these boots, they are comfortable and practical.  Service was excellent as was the shipping!  I would definitely buy similar again, particularly on sale again!
B0054HM47Q Light shoes and soft Excellent shoes for work with more comfort, ideal for work of inspection, good price for high quality, coupled with being beautiful
B0054NLT3A NICE EXCELLENT IN CASE YOU NEED TO TAKE YOUR LUNCH TO YOUR OFFICE OR TAKE FEW THINGS IN A TRIP BUY IT
B0056QVSQ8 excellent shoes It is what I was expecting. perfect. comfortable and good price. I will recommended to others. secure web side. Thanks.
B00590KXH6 Excellent service The product came on time. The size info was correct. The shoes are what I expect, very comfortable and stylish.
B00591UN4S Nice Quality Excellent quality shoe. Nothing cheap about this brand. Color  and style were exactly as described. Very comfortable and true to size. You will not be disappointed.
B00599WG3G Fantastic quality I love these shoes. The color is beautiful. The quality is excellent. I usually have a very tough time getting shoes on my son but these fit magnificently and he will actually wear these!!!
B005A5YQ2S good product excellent, the comfort of timberlandis unique for long days of walkingI recommend, stylish, comfortable, non-slip making it ideal for walking in the field
B005A5YQ2S Comportable Are comfortable and seem to has excellent quality, color look great with a lot of clothes. I recommend this boots.
B005A5YQ2S Excellent classics! I ordered the 10.5 which are a touch large, as I've found with other Timberland boots. But with insoles the fit is spot on. Soles are very cool looking.
B005B7WSSY Timberland boots Great boots .  Fit was excellent .  Color was just as pictured.  Very comfortable.  I Would definitely order these again.
B005BWB2QI Classic boat shoe Timberland boat shoes are excellent right out of the box. The sizing is perfect, like putting on socks. No break in time , comfort from the start and good looking. They are well made and last. This is my 3 rd pair in 5+ yrs.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Boat Very good shoe. Have had a pair for several years now and has given excellent wear and comfort! Buy em!
B005BWB2QI Excellent fit The shoes are comfortable and fil very well. I am very pleased with them.  My only question is why are the leather laces so long?  Is there a special way they are supposed to be laced?
B005BWB2QI Great The quality was great as expected, leather is in excellent condition, size and colour are as described. These are comfortable shoes
B005BWB2QI Walking in comfort These shoes are exceptionally comfortable and very reasonably priced.  The slip resistant sole does its job quite well.  If you are looking for a great value in a boat shoe, I'd give them an excellent recommendation.
B005BWB2QI Excellent fit and quality Great fit, high quality. I bought these to replace my old Timberland deck shoes. My only criticism is that the laces are too long.
B005ERZ6MQ Excellent shoe Great, durable shoe!  Excellent price and fit.  You will not be disappointed with its color, either.  Can be used nearly everywhere.
B005ERZ6MQ excellent and comfortable excellent and comfortable best for all time timberland , good price , use it casual and classic rely very nice
B005FI1VE6 Very comfortable Excellent fit. I am a woman with a small foot, so I have to go to big boys shoes to get a good fit. This one did not surprise me with a poor fit. The price, beit on sale was excellent.
B005FI1VE6 Excellent product, comfortable and can get wet and/or filthy ... Excellent product, comfortable and can get wet and/or filthy easily dries and can be thrown in delicate cycle wash comes out looking new.
B005FI1VE6 excellent Timberland Mad River 2-Strap Sandal (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Navy,6 M... excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible. . .. .
B005FI1VE6 Good quality These are excellent quality, my 3 year old boy loves them. They wash very easily with regular laundry detergent, and when they dry up they look just like new.
B005FI1VE6 Excellent product. My daughter loves these shoes. The color the fit are excellent for the summer and rainy weather. This is the first time I buy Timberland for kids but they will surely not be the last.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland Mad River Closed Toe Sandal It is just what I expected are beautiful and comfortable excellent quality 100% recommended a product of excellent quality they are adorable
B005FM5Q3O Great Quality Small Price Kids shoes are at least 20 dollars no matter the size..... These are excellent for the price...... Real Leather also
B005FM5Q3O Happy boy Excellent , true to size, nice looking and good quality, my son and me like them very much. I recommend.
B005FM5Q3O good quality Excellent quality, comfortable, durable material.renowned brand, well-finished product.Ideal for hot days and my son loves it.  .Well recommended.
B005FNWCEO excellent quality Excellent quality as usual with Timberland. I am pleased and my daughter too. In size also fit perfectly.By the way, I also have Timberland boots, and also very, very happy!
B005GSZXT4 Thanks! I like it.It is excellent and comfortable.  I will recommend for my friends.I am looking for other colors.
B005GY98C6 good excellent product. 100% recommended. timely shipping and good quality. to continue sending this.Comfy nice looking shoe ...Great shoes. Comfy and seemingly durable - I've only had them a few weeks, but overall They Do not Appear To Have weak spots like I've had similarly designed shoes
B005GY98C6 my best shopping forever guys those earthkeepers still are an excellent fit  an excellent shoes for walk to work for everything really really good
B005GYECXQ excellent Tilmberland makes excellent footwear. They are very comfortable and very well made.  I have several other styles of Timberland and they all excellent.
B005GYQ4KU Excellent shoes, I'm thinking on buying again when needed Excellent shoes, I'm thinking on buying again when needed, the only thing is that they were half a size larger
B005J4BOWU Excellent boots The size is prefect and the fit is very comfortable, i have tested for 1 week and they look good with everything
B005LCQYYS Excellent Very Conformable The reason why i give 4 start is cause i First Bought 11.5 and was too small then i get 12 and now too big :( But i love it
B005MI875U Excellent boots so far Until Nike decided to discontinue the Mandara's that I always wore, Didn't think I would ever find something close to them. Great boots, a bit too pricey thou but otherwise satisfied.
B005Y7PQNU excellent love this boot fits great made very well and hold up nicely to water my feet have not been wet yet
B0063OPUB6 excellent these boots are distinctive, very sharp yet a bit understated. They are made of fine materials, buttery leather, with ergonomic design and fit and excellent build quality. These go to show that you can make fine footwear in China. They are tight at first but within a week they fit like a glove. The Vibram Cristy sole is fantastic, quite firm and protective yet absorbing impact with a comfortable, purposeful stride.
B00658BZ28 excellent product Then sunglass are very cool for my job, because in this moment is starting the summer and the sun is very strong, I have relax in my eyes..,,.
B006F676IW excellent Soft leather. Great quality.My Grandpa really liked this as a Christmas present!Stitching is fine and it is built very well.
B006T307QE The shoes that Jesus and Ghandi would wear These shoes are excellent - period.I'm convinced that if Ghandi or Jesus were still walking the earth, then this is what they would be wearing.No break in required - soft, comfortable, durable.You will not slip and you will not fall.These boots are perfect.Update 08/29/13:After wearing these boots for a few months now and walking in the roughest terrains I could find in Alaska through mud, water streams, and climbing up mountain sides, I am beginning to think that these boots are bullet proof. My feet are never feeling "tired" and the boots still look excellent. Timberland made a winner!
B006T32HGC Excellent work boot!!! They are very warm, comfortable and well put together. I am going to recommend them to all of my friends.
B006T32HGC comfortable and nice. Excellent heel shock absorber. Comfortable and so far it's holding up well. I work for the railroad and I think this may be the best boot I've had out here.
B006T32HGC excellent!! The traction is excellent, overall comfort is just as described. .... unsure if the durability however so far great boots.  ( only had two weeks)
B006T32HGC Hyperion Waterproof Good fit, excellent quality.  I'm on my feet over eight hours a day so far the boot is working as advertised by Timberland.
B006T32HGC Perfect Hiking Shoes Very nicely made.  They're comfortable and are an excellent buy. I purchased these to replace a pair of well traveled everyday hiking boots.
B006T32HGC EXCELLENT CASUAL BOOTS THE REASON I DECIDED TO PURCHASE THEM WAS TO WEAR THEM WITH MY JEANS. THEY LOOK FABULOUS AND THEY FIT EXTREMELY WELL.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR CASUAL WEAR.
B006T32HGC these boots are awesome Great shipping, product and excellent pricing.  Wore them all day and my feet and legs were not tired out.  Highly recommend.
B006T32HSK Excellent Great boots, very warm and very large also.  The grip is excellent.  It doesn't have the tab on the back of the boot to help you pull it on, but it does have flaps on the top side (you can see the seam in the stock picture).  You can grab these from both sides to help you get the boot on.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE WOW! Excellent fit! Stylish boot and comfortable to wear!! The detail design on the back is beautiful, simple and detailed. Quick and speedy delivery.
B006ZGZ9RM Love these boots These boots are excellent Timberland quality. Looks good dressed up or down.  I have them in brown also. My go to boot.
B006ZIGRXA Run large These boot are lovely, how ever they run half size larger. Good looking and great brand. Excellent service of delivering also. Thank you!
B006ZIGS34 Great Excellent boots, the truth that I received what I expected, they are very comfortable. The color is really beautiful and goes with everything. Thanks
B006ZVM90M Two star boots size does not correspond to that indicated on the label,  is much smaller.Everything else is excellent, color and design
B0070SHSGE Comfort & quality Excellent fit, with the high level of comfort of a Timberland shoe.The finishing and quality standard is also the usual.Recommend, for sure!
B0070SHSGE Good, with a few caveats Are a bit bigger than the stated size. Takes about 2 wks to break in.  Grip in wet conditions is excellent.
B0070SHSGE Solid, elegant, worth the price Excellent cold and wet weather shoes.Looks great, the leather looks natural.The sole has nice grip, it is non-slippery on flooring and on wet asphalt.
B00713499W Perfect fit It's difficult to find well-made and grownup shoes smaller than 7. These are excellent. The inside sole cushion could be better, though.
B0072CPTK0 love these boots The quality is excellent, the fit was as expected. My grandson wears them constantly and would them all the time if he had his way. Fantastic product will by another pair soon.
B0072NQIZ4 Great excellent  love  them  wold definitely  buy  them  again
B007784JI2 excellent excellent my husband is happy, one hundred percent reliable, very good shopping experience :) ,  cumple con todas las caracteristicas mencionadas en la publicacion
B007784JI2 EXCELENT magnificent shoes, very comfortable, and excellent material, very good product, as always an excellent brand timberland. I suggest that they are waterproof, have not tried them with water.
B0077SY810 Great Fit, Great Look This is a Great Boot My second choice for motorcycle riding.....excellent excellent excellent. Couldnt ask for anything difference with this boot.
B007G4VKIY excellent thanks for you, it is really high quality. I am glad to get it. Super super super good, excellent awsome
B007G4VV74 Perfect Excellent very walletI expect not good for this classBut it is very excellentThank you for clarifying the specification carefully
B007ROR77G Excellent price ! The quality is very nice and also the price is very good.  if you wan t to buy just one bag buy the whole set for less.
B007ROSNUQ Good purchase Excellent bag. Light, cool and resistant. it is also quite more spacious than I first expected.I am very satisfied
B007TGA2JM To good to be true!!! Was great until i noticed they were different colors...1 lighter than the other. Dissapointed. On the brighter side my other boots are excellent nd Amazon has great customer service. Ill remain a customer.
B007V61QDQ excellent! The quality and design are both impeccable!  On top of that, it is the right size-just big enough to fit roubles!
B00828VKFQ excellent buy very good buy , fit perfect and are super comfortable, best buy, my feet are tired after working in the kitchen all day
B00828VKFQ Excellent shoe I love these shoes!! On my second pair now. I definitely recommend them, especially if you hate danskos! My feet, legs, and back are quite grateful
B00828VKFQ Excellent Excellent, comfortable and very beautiful pair of shoes.I am wearing this shoes 10 hours a day and I feellike not wearing it at all
B008AH76XY Excellent Quaility !! Excellent Price I am giving 4 stars only because the sleeves are a little bigger than my son's arms. However, he is very pleased and feels very confortable with it. The color is nice. The inside is all fleece material. The outside design makes the ilusion that the jacket is not so bulky. The price of this jacket in comparisson with others in the market cannot be exceeded, specially when you are shopping within a specific budget.
B008B5XICS great bag perfect for overseas flight - fit in overhead bins and was sturdy.great looking bag and price is excellent compared to others.
B008BGYZMO Excellent quality This seems like a nice, quality made watch but the band was too narrow for the size of the face and I sent it back.
B008FA81Y4 Repeat Timberland customer! Excellent quality!  Very light weight, nests for storage, love this set!  Well worth the price!  I like the design of being deeper rather than wider.  Easy to move around.  Love the Timberland luggage!
B008FA81ZI EXCELLENT LOOKS GOOD AND WELL MADE! IT IS THE BEST LUGGAGE SET THAT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED.I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO USING IT!
B008M27754 A+ purchase! Excellent look, fit and quality - typical of Timbrrland products! Have been and will continue to be a loyal customer.
B008M27754 Excellent I really love the sandals, they are strong and reliable, the design is superb. I am very satisfied. Handling and shipping was excellent. Keep up the good work.
B008M27UHO Great Buy I probably won't be able to find this price again. These are excellent shoes, and I really appreciate the price.
B008M4UN1C Very comfy Very comfortable shoes.  Fit true to size.  Excellent construction and materials.  Leather upper and lining.  Would recommend to a friend.
B008N6Y9BO Newport,anyone? Excellent quality, fit and support; beautiful color. Perfect for casual wear, beach, picnic, camping, boating ( of course ), etc. Never out of style, practical.
B008N6YRCK 5 stars Excellent. These sandals are amazing. I would like ti buy them in brown but I can't, so...  The ate amazing. That'D the only I can say
B008N7H654 total excellence Like all products timberland is no exception ... unsurpassed quality, the shipment arrived on time and in excellent condition, so if I can make the shoe has little cushioning and is very slight elevation in the midsole for added comfort on the bridge area of the foot, however the quality of the product good.
B008N7H654 Timberland shoes has the best quiality!!! Excellent product! Just I needed. The quality and size are perfect, color and other specifications are like that I like.
B008VPU0GK Wow that TIMBERLAND Excellent boots and quality leather, fit as expected like all timberland boots I bought, I got them today so I did not test them on rainy day, I hope they are water resistant... I would recommend this to my friends.
B008VPU0GK Excellent Product Comfortable out of the box with no break in time at all. Quality materials & craftsmanship. Durable design without excessive bulk or weight.
B008VPU0GK great Very good boot, soft soles, comfort and fit are excellent. Second pair of Timberland boots, They don't wear out like most
B008YC6XAM Quality Excellent value for the price, great quality and sizing was very true to typical sizing charts. Also, very comfortable---my grandson really loved them!
B008ZBPGFU COMFORTABLE ;) HAVE A OLDER PAIR OF THESE BEAUTIES, I HAVE SENSITIVE FEET AND THESE ARE PERFECT...FIT GREAT WEAR EXCELLENT A MUST PURCHASE.
B0090X4EJQ recommend the product is the one that was seen in the photos, excellent quality, real leather, soft, comfortable to walk, cool, stylish, durable to know your experience in the production of footwear, complies with all specifications that the seller says on page , arrive at the site in its original packaging, well presented, and preserved, without any kind of detail, I can recommend the seller and the product with eyes closed, as they demonstrate that they comply with everything, it really is excellent
B0090X4EJQ AS EXPECTED EXCELLENT NO COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE PURCHASE, VERY PLEASED AND SATISFIED. I'LL KEEP BUYING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. THE END. YES
B0091HJFRM Excellent Excellent!!! I am very satisfied with the purchase. The boot is simply excellent! Sturdy, comfortable and with good thermal insulation. I made an excellent purchase.
B00943KK8Q Perfect excellent buy
B00943LHJW Light and excellent I first bought the large size of these suitcases and then I bought three more smaller ones for a week vacation. I love them! For international trips are excellent, very light empty and it fits so many clothes , being  so soft like a duffel bag,Very well packed, the clothes did not get wrinkle at all.
B00943LHJW Truly excellent. I cannot say enough good things about this luggage. It is sturdy, strong, very well made, has great compartments, rolls easily and to top it off it is good looking!I couldn't be more pleased.
B0098X61EO Timberland Renova Rocks My wife said this is the most comfortable shoe she had worn since being nurse. That's why she bought two pairs right away, because this particular model comes in a bargain. Very reasonably priced. Cheers to Timberland for this excellent product.
B009DL2P6Y Wide and high these shoes fit great for wider feet. item of note, the heel is higher than the sole, it has shifted my stance a bit, but other than that its a good shoe. the insoles are excellent. I roll 8-10 hours in them with little discomfort after  I broke them in.
B009GIRFAU Excellent luggage High quality luggage, very light, with an excellent size and excellent price. I recommend so much this item and this provider.
B009XF0GJ8 Excellent Love the color and fit.  Perfect shoe to run around and is vrry comfortable.  Fits true to size and would recommend.
B00A4568AM Excellent Watch. Great buy. Great sturdy watch. Doesn't get wet easily. The strap doesn't look as tight as it looks. Very comfortable. Easy to wear. Might look a little bigger than the picture.
B00AQLQ05W Excellent Quality Very high quality shoes and they are beautiful.  My daughter loves them and they are very comfortable.  I would definitely recommend them.
B00AQNNZ80 excelente excellent; its perfect  the service is the better  and the shoe is cute for my children  he like that a
B00AR1VI30 Excellent boot for children Excellent purchase the boots are nicer than the picture . My grandson loves them, the Boston weather is no match against these boots
B00AR1VI30 Amazing! Excellent.I Bought this boot to my daughter and her love it!!!
B00AR58UIC all excellent all excellent, as expected, excellent quality. My son loves these boots are very comfortable, and protect you from the weather. Beautiful design in leather.I recommend them 100%
B00AR59MBQ Excellent The lovely colour and design are perfect for my little girl. I am using the shoes to help her walk flatter, at the recommendation of a therapist.
B00AW7M97S Great look with excellent comfort These are a grea pair of boots, and very comfortable!  I highly recommend them to anyone.  They fit pretty true to size.
B00AW7M97S Fantastic boots! These are such beautiful boots, made of excellent materials. The fit is perfect, and they are SO comfortable. Definitely recommend!
B00AW8HF9Y Excellent boots I got a 7.5 though I'm 7 for shoes generally - these are very warm, stylish and comfortable all day - Timberland earned a new fan!
B00AW8JG9G Quality boot at an affordable price Beautiful design and excellent leather. I did have to buy an 8.5 to fit my one foot that is larger than the other. So as a result one boot is a little loose but not anything I can't work with. Obviously not the manufacture's fault. I think the boots are well worth the money. Stylish but durable and no regrets on my purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Excellent Quality/So cute! These boots are so well made, the attention to detail is superb. Very comfortable too, planning to get a second pair in brown!
B00AZPO1BY Excellent My father is very happy with your order, it's the size you requested and above that are 100% and excellent quality.I recommend this seller 100%grcias!!!!!
B00AZPPEQ0 great boots! They fit perfectly and extremely comfort with an excellent elegant design!
B00AZPQV6C Received many compliments so far These boots are great. They fit very well, they're lightweight, comfortable, flexible, and I've received many compliments about them. I don't think I'd climb a mountain with them, but they're excellent for a walk around in town in autumn.
B00AZPQV6C excellent I'm satisfied of parches,  really good choice, the  size also comparable with European , so i recommend it you all who is interested to this timberland stile  of shoes
B00AZPSY1M Great Lookin' Oxfords... Excellent pair of shoes. As expected from Timberland. The fit is excellent and the shoe is very light and yet feels durable.
B00AZPUCBM Beautiful and comfortable shoes Chambers laces of different colors can bring a different feel, making it excellent, very comfortable to wear with my jeans are well matched.
B00B0DPJX4 Excellent boot It is a excellent work boot to work in it comfortable to walk in and it is comfortable on your feet I would recommend this boot to anyone
B00B7GRUKY Excellent Product Am very happy with the fit, look and feel of my new Timberland  Pro's - they're great for work - reinforced toe, waterproof and extra thick rubber insulated sole.
B00B7H74CC Excellent high quality product The best looking nursing shoes ever, they fit perfect. Easy to clean and very confortable. High quality material easy to maintain the color.
B00B822FHK Great shoes! Wore these straight out of the box. They have an  excellent fit and are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend them.
B00B82674M Excellent !!! I recommend it !!!, it's comfortable, nice colour. Now I can walk a long distance feeling good. The size is exactly what I was looking for.
B00B82ZHB6 Excellent footwear. My expectations was not cut short. Its unique, cute, comfi on foot and well built. Good job Timberland. I Love it and i recommend it to anyone.
B00B9PADZ2 Perfect boots The quality and design of these boots are excellent. Delivery was before I expected. I recommend this pair of boots.
B00B9PM53U excellent boots Love this boot. Exceeded expiation.  Will be purchasing another pair. Fit is superb and with the great quality you come to expect from timberland
B00B9PS9VC Awesome comfort!!! These shoes are just like walking on memory foam pillows. The fit is excellent and the comfort is unmatched. The build quality is also way above average.
B00B9PTR0O it's a keeper excellent fit for a wider footlooks goodvery comfortable for walking and a stylish shoe even for work or casual events
B00B9Q5M16 Timberland does it again! I have owned other Timberland shoes but this was my first purchase of the Men's Heritage Classic 3 Eye Lug Boat Shoe (long name!). The shoes fit me true-to-size (10 medium) and were very comfortable right out of the box. I'm very pleased with the workmanship - excellent stitching and no flaws visible to my eyes. The Vibram lug sole provides excellent traction and would work for a light trail shoe, but they also look good enough for business casual wear. I highly recommend these shoes.
B00B9ROF6S excellent boots These boots are much more than I expected. They look great, feels sturdy and fashionable. What's  also good is that they are not heavyweight and very comfortable for long periods of wear.
B00BB7BX66 Nice Boots I love the style of the boots. They look excellent. However they are not as warm as I thought they were going to be.
B00BB7BX66 excellent brand, excellent quality materials, excellent style ............. exeletes boots the only thing is that the size is a little bigger than normal but excellent boots and feel that I will have for a long time
B00BCJV7H8 Great choice They fit perfect and they are very comfortable, excellent product. The only thing that I didn't like is that my package was open when I received it. So it makes me think that the delivery is not 100% reliable.
B00BCJV7H8 Beautiful Boots Very nice and comfortable. Excellent material and quality
B00BCJV7J6 Excellent quality This would be my second pair of Timberlands.  As always the waterproofing is amazing and they have proven to withstand 20 degree weather. I'm very happy.
B00E41UQBE but it is good product with excellent quality It's seems that it was used. but it is good product with excellent quality. Thanks
B00E41Z6YQ Excellent shoe! This is an excellent shoe.  Very comfortable fit and support.  Great quality as I would expect from Timberland!  I may order a second pair in the light color.
B00E6SE06C Classic and more These are simply amazing. If you are looking for a classic pair of tims that also have something unusual to them get these. You can wear them as a slouch boot showing this nice piece of fabric, BUT you can also wear them as a regular tim boot; you can pull this slouchy part up. Combination with orange details is excellent; it looks so good, especially if you want to show off a bit. I bought these for a person who never wore time before. She wanted classes yellow boots, but I got here these. She is more than happy. I wish I bought these for myself! I certainly will next time. Needless to say, quality is excellent and it fits perfect.
B00E8RAOI4 excellent productos, I' ve bought 3 pairs since my child started to walk. They are made with excellents materiales , so final product is the best for children to play with.Excellent attach, perfect interior shape. And they never broke.
B00ENZQO26 Nice the quality of this product is excellent.  I recommend it for sure.  And it fits perfect.  The service and attention is very good also
B00ENZRTCK Excellent shoes!!! Fully recommended, somewhat delicate because the sole is white, but excellent.Very easy to combineThe best balance price / quality
B00EOIQCN8 Excellent watch Excellent watch, comfortable, lightweight, men's fashion. I can not comment on their resistance depth, but 10 atm but is for very deep.
