B00009WM7J my girl friend like it buy this one for my girl friend, she like it, feel comfortable whe she wear it. Seem nice as well, maybe i need one for myself.
B00009WM7J Comfiest boots I've ever purchased! I can't ebelieve these are kids boots! They feel super high quality, and so soooo soooo comfy! They ARE about half a size large, they can be difficult to put on at first but I'm thinking they'll give up and being too big... So order half a size down! :) I have medium feet. Not too wide, and not too narrow. I'm a US women's 9 and ordered a US 7 :) Although I'd have been better with a 6.5! Other than that they're SUPER comfy, these are replacing my Martens, which I wear everyday... these feel SO MUCH BETTER! In love :) SOOOO worth the purchase! They even smell good!
B0000DFAXV Timberlands in tobacco. Sent as described and fit as expected.  Nice pair of boots. Im a size 10 and these feel good on my feet, not too heavy.
B0001CNJ9Q My babys.... They look just like the adult pair !!!Love them there my sons 1st pair of boots tru to size looks just like photo. U should buy!!!! Yes i would buy again i dont feel like it was a waste of money!!!
B000AKVA6I Great Boots They will take a week or so to break them in to loosen the leather. They are very comfortable and they feel better every day.
B000BB15ZC A comfortable and sharp-looking boot! I love the look and feel of these boots. The soles give you a sure grip, and the style keeps you looking sharp. I wear a size 8.5, and these fit me beautifully. I personally leave the top eyelets unlaced, as I find I feel too constricted otherwise. I haven't had them very long, so I can't speak to their durability. They do, however, look and feel like they will last a good while.
B000BB15ZC Comfort These boots are very comfortable. easy to put on,  fits perfect. feel light weight, they are waterproof which gives my feet great pleasure.
B000BB15ZC So far so good Just came into work today and I'm breaking them in. Feel comfy and warm. Hope they don't smell in a few days since I don't see much ventilation. Thank you!
B000BB15ZC Excellent boot These boots are some of the most comfortable shoes of any kind that I have ever worn.  The boots look great and the lacing system is superb.  The Gore-tex lining makes a difference in comfort and dryness even when wearing them to the office.  You're ready to take off most shoes at the end of the day, but you feel as though you could leave these on indefinitely.  What more can be said?
B000BB15ZC Light, rugged, yet comfortable. This is one of the lightest yet most well constructed pair of boots I've worn recently. My GF got them for me recently since she saw them on my Amazon.com wishlist, and I am thankful she did. These boots feel so light they almost feel like they give my running shoes a run for their money in weight. I almost feel asleep with them on and barely noticed as I was dozing off they were still on.I've yet to use them in inclement weather as I have so many other light and medium duty hiking boots, but just from how they feel and how they are constructed, I doubt they'll do badly. They vent well so my feet stay dry, and they look great. Tread grip is typical for the type, especially being so new.The one concern I was wary of were the two top lace metal grooves above ankle height. I've had boots that had similar lace grooves, and they were made of thin gauge stamped metal most of the time, and they would end up breaking off after a few months of wear due to metal fatigue and stress. The lace grooves on this boot are of a somewhat heavier gauge and they aren't stamped either.  I doubt I'll have a similar problem with them as I have experienced in the past, but if I do, I'll definitely post about it here.
B000BB15ZC One amazing pair of boots! I'm wearing these boots right now and they are nothing short of comfortable. There's a soft inner lining and once you get it in your correct size it gives you a snug firm fit. It provides great gripping and a strong sturdy feel. I'd definitely recommend these to anyone that's interested in Hiking or just urban wear. I personally just wear it on the weekends when I'm not at work or just casually.
B000BFIHVS Great boots They are very comfortable right out of the box. No break in was required, and they feel as light on my feet as a good pair of sneakers.
B000BFIHVS very happy with the boots after a month. I wanted to wait a month before reviewing the boots to get a better idea of them.  They are very comfortable and still look new if cleaned up.  Others have mentioned that the soles are too thin and you can feel rocks through them.  I have not felt any rocks through them after walking a trail with rocks.  Others have mentioned the laces won't stay tied,  not for me, just pull the knot tight and it stays until I take them off.  Overall a very good value.
B000BFIHVS Great boots for a great price They are very comfortable and keep my feet warm very well. Also have fairly good grip on them. I work in a restaurant and the back area tends to be slippery without the proper shoes. I walked back there with these boots and did not feel like I was slipping at all.
B000BFIHVS Feet feel good Timberland stop selling these boots in a wide size but i found them on Amazons site and could not be happier. I have worn the same boot now for 10 years and when Timberland stop selling them i was not happy. Thank you Amazon.
B000BFIHVS Great All Around Boot I have had the boots for three weeks.  They fit true to size and have a solid well constructed feel.  I have worn them fairly wet conditions and had no problem with traction or leaks. I would purchase again.
B000BFIHVS nice boot hi  i bought these boots for casual wear mostly , days when im not going to get all yucked up. I just got them and have only wore around house and they feel great the size is very close ,maybe a tad small ,when i match them up to my other shoes you can tell very slight .really a cool looking boot cant wait for the right occasion to wear them
B000BFIHVS Not as good as thought it would be These boots had a definite smell right out of the box, and a plastic feel too.  Quality seems to be lower than what I had expected.  Size W is a must for wider feet, since you got to wear socks too.  Not too impressed, but only $56, I wouldnt recommend paying more than that for this boot, for sure.
B000BFIHVS Excelent Timberland Are very comfortable and I was 8 EE perfectly.Regularly was using all terrain tennis and feel better the TimberlandI think the length will be longer than the court and especially to resist rainThanks, I recommend
B000BFIHVS comfortable boots very comfortable. anyway it's a little larger than regular 10.5. Nice for cold weather. But the feet feel so hot when office.
B000BFIHVS Medium Quality/Comfort I bought these boots to wear at work for a mostly desk job that takes me out in the field occasionally.  They don't appear to be that well made and I would guess that the seam where the leather connects to the sole may not hold up.  It is glued and looks like it will separate over time.  The boots are comfortable, but the sole is not very thick.I have not done any heavier hiking in them, but they don't feel nearly as comfortable and sturdy as my North Face hiking shoes that have gone many miles in all kinds of terrain.  They feel flimsy.  Again, no problems with them yet, but they just look like they are thin.They are a decent boot for the price and for what I am using them for.  Had I seen them in person first, I may not have purchased them.  However, to get more, you really have to pay more and I really wasn't looking to pay much more than I did, so overall, they are a three.  Ok fit, ok quality, good price.
B000BFIHVS I foolishly though they'd feel better after I broke them in I wear a size 10 shoe but I'm finding with boots I need to go a half a size larger. I foolishly though they'd feel better after I broke them in.....They don't.  Now I just avoid wearing them.  Nothing against the product but I don't recommend buying shoes online.
B000BFIHVS I like these!! These are great boots so far... they are just a wee bit larger but that will allow for a thicker sock when it gets colder. They look and feel great!
B000BFIHVS timberland boots Very comfortable boots, when i received the box i thought it was empty, that's how light they are.They almost feel like tennis shoes.However one minor detail they were not as high as i expected them to be they barely make to my ankles, myself i like higher boots but they are great for hiking and walking. :-)
B000BFIHVS High quality Only thing is that I could not feel whether leather is real or made of rubber. It was oiled to almost indistinguishable. Only time will tell. The whole package look to be of superior quality.
B000BFIHVS Time will tell They fit great.  I'd even say there is enough room to wear a heavier sock if you needed to.They look good and feel comfortable.I can't give it 5 because I don't know how they'll hold up over time. Not sure if that's fair or not.  I'll try to remember to update this in a year (or less if they fail)
B000BFIHVS The boot fits my feet well and I feel comfortably in general. The design is well rounded, not bulky. It's light, not heavy reducing ache to my toes after a long walk.The only thing I don't like is the boot is not insulated; I feel cold in the front part of my feet when the weather is very cold.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots I recommend these, has that already broken in feel. Very Comfortable shoe and always attractive They are Timberland! I have had several pairs of Timberland and they last a long time.
B000BFIHVS feel good fit great and feel good.  wide in the toes but pretty true to size.  I have narrow feet and timberlands always seem to work for me.  Price was great .  Excellent value.
B000BFIHVS Great Price for Really Awesome Boots Delivered boots a day or two ahead of schedule (very good). Though the toes were a little hard at point of bending (maybe I sized them incorrectly) at first, since then after a month I broken then in sufficiently and feel quite comfortable in them now. Wear them all the time, even 4 mile hikes.
B000BFIHVS I love it Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot.I feel it`s comfortable, durable, durable good design, quality, solid and practical functionality.But the shoelaces swap a little frequently.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot This pair of shoes look very big, very comfortable to the touch, smell or other peculiar smell. Feel so good wearing it. Workmanship is very delicate.made in china.
B000BGMMZ4 Stylish, Comfortable and visiblle As a 10 wide boot its fit me well, i feel comfortable my feet on it, i like the stylish, it's visible while its an timberland
B000EPTA8E Feel weird and look weird never wear them I bought these for 'flight' shoes.  They feel weird and I feel like that kid in elementary school with the black patent leather shoes and the tape on my horn-rim glasses and don't forget the cardigan sweater...real geeky.
B000G1Z9XG Timberland boots I happen to like timberland boots the way they feel on my feet and cant beat your price thank you
B000G1Z9XG Love them I just got these new pair of boots, and as usual the brand fullfills the expectations, even thought they feel a little wider than I thought, that's why I don't give them the 5 stars.
B000G21BSC Don't buy it I bought it because I saw the five star rate. After I bought it, I totally don't understand how could it get a five star rate. The shoe is smaller than it's size. ( I bought a US 6.5(M) ) and it's very tight at the toe. When I walk, I feel tremendous discomfort at toes. Also, it's made of leather, but it's very stiff and rigid. When I walk, the front don't bend, I feel like the shoe is made of wood...Imagine how discomfort  your feet can feel.I threw away the receipt so I can't refund it. Now when I look at them, I feel I made horrible mistake spending $75 on them. I tried to sell it on Amazon at much lower price (Like $40), but Amazon wouldn't let me. ( I guess they don't want competition.).My suggestion: Don't buy this shoes, you will feel regret like me.
B000G21BSC The Best Boots in the World. I have had the same boots for four years.  I live in Alaska I put spikes on them and go everywhere.  The ONLY reason I bought them again is I lost the other pair after last winter. I can't say enough good about them.  They are waterproof feel good and my goodness, they are comfortable.  There is no break in time.  The padding at the top fix that.  I highly recommend these not only for Alaska, but for any location.  When I go to the 48, I will take off the spikes and wear them with my jeans.  I love these.  If I could give them ten stars I would.  Thank you Amazon for carrying these.  I was so excited when I found them on your site.  Any questions?  Feel free to contact me.
B000G21BSC Not as good as the Timberland boot I replaced I own a  pair of Timberland's that look very similar to these. My older boot (now discontinued) has worked great for both hiking and snowshoeing. This new version makes me feel like I am walking in a men's work boot, not a women's hiking boot. My foot doesn't feel as stable in these. I don't think I will be using them to hike in any rough or uneven terrain.  As far as the fit... I can't say they are too large or fit as expected. They just feel boxy and cumbersome compared to my old pair. I am hoping they will be better after they are broken in. They are made well, but wouldn't buy them again.
B000G23DQK Timberland... enough said I do not think much needs to be said here. If you are looking for a waterproof pair of boots that look great, function great, and feel wonderful then this is for you. The scuffproof is a must have if you want your boots to stay looking in tip top shape with ease. No matter how dirty they get a little rain or rinse from a hose wash's the crud right off.
B000G23DQK Tough boots This item is Constructed very well but it is a bit pricey. Looks feel good because of the special coating that is applied to the boot. It makes them much stiff and less prone to stretching and loosing their shape as quickly as the regular finishes on Timberland boots. I like them overall.
B000G23DQK timberlands Sent wrong boots to my house still nice boots but not what I ordered they don't feel real at all
B000G23DQK I love this pair of boots!! This pair of Timberland boots is awesome, I Love them so much. I have given a 5 star review and you ShoeMart workers deserves it. I ordered a UK 7 and I got what I wanted, the review about the wrong size boots is fake. Something that I am really happy with is that, it took 4 days to arrive from the US to the UK which is impressive I'll have to say. Exactly what I wanted! just can't explain my feelings,it feels like I got the oscar award. All you people out there looking at this review right now, you will feel how I feel after you've got them shoes.
B000G23DQK A proven classic As much as I looked forward to get these classic boots for xmas, now I look forward to use them and see them handle the wear and tear ahead - and become even more beautiful in the process. The fit is great, the look is timeless and the altogether feel is that of value. Putting on a pair of the classic 10061 is the beginning of a great friendship, if not a love story. To buy these, considering how long they last, means they'll cost you less than $10 per year. Save yourself your hard earned cash and get a pair of Timberland Premium Boots.
B000G23DQK Good except must be maintained I have always liked the look and feel of these timerland boots.  The only big drawback that I can see is that you have to treat them with silacone spray each year or they will leak like a sive.  If you are standing in wanter frequently then these are not the boots for you.  Boot styles where the lower half is plastic or rubber are better suited for that, as long as the water level is not higher than the plastic seem of course.
B000G23DQK It is a big large. It is a bit large for me. Not uncomfortable but I feel if it was a little smaller then it would have been worth such a large price. Furthermore, almost the half of Chicago is wearing it, it doesn't make me feel special.
B000G23DQK Feel Like a boss I love these boots, if you want to look like a bad ass and sexy while being one, these boots are for you.
B000G23DQK breathability needs to be improved This is really a boot that every man wants. The waterproof is great .But my feet feel burning each time when I wear it.The breathability needs to be improved .
B000G23DQK Just gets better with time I have been wearing Timbs for 20 years. Good leather is worth the price. Timbs usually fit larger so I go 1/2 size smaller. Amazon gives a great discount as these are not cheap. When these babies come out of the box they smell and feel like a new car.This color coordinates well with many styles. Totally waterproof and tough but comfortable enough to wear all day. The more you wear these the better they get.
B000G24LJS Timberland Classic Lugs I ordered the shoes from Amazon and they arrived promptly. These shoes were made in the Dominican Republic. That pissed me off, however the finish was first rate and the sizing and comfort were as good as any shoe I've worn. They feel great and look like quality. They're not heavy or clunky.I feel as though I've gotten my money's worth. I highly recommend. I'd like to think Americans can do just as good a job in making these shoes.
B000G24LJS Very comfortable and tough shoes. I use these as my everyday, casual, walking and biking shoes and have not had an issue with them so far.  Part of the inside seem along the toes has torn a little and I can feel it when I walk, but it's not serious enough to bother me.The color is so so for me, but the design is exceptional.  I feel like I can pretty much toss these things on to do anything except go for a run.Finally there is quite a lot of heel on these so be prepared to gain about one-one and a half inches.  The nature of the incline also seems to support straight posture.
B000G24LJS Comfortable and secure A very comfortable and steady shoe to wear.  I feel secure walking in them.  Easy to take care of and they look great.
B000G24LJS School Fit! I did not buy these for myself. They were for my younger brother for back to school. Once he received them, and tried them on, he was happy. Told me that they really feel comfortable on his feet.
B000GHUKSO TIMBERLAND SNEAKERS HE LOVED THEM. NOT ONLY THE STYLE BUT THE FEEL AND COMFORT OF THEM.
B000KVA7YI A+ boots! I've Worked In Construction for 16 Years And I Gotta Say, these boots Are Bad Ass!!! From The Moment i Put Them On I loved TheM! Warm, Comfortable, They Feel real Durable  And They Even Make You About An Inch taller!
B000MQHHB2 Could not be more pleased Not to thick,Not to long,materiel is perfect feel. Been looking for a sock like this for a long time. Also easy to mate after washing because of distinct design
B000MQHHB2 Wish I just could have gone to Target... Come on... they are just work socks, how good do they have to be before one wears them out? Unfortunately, these so called large ones feel like Chinese Finger Handcuffs from the ankle on up.
B000MQL2TK Pretty Great I think these socks feel great.  They are high quality and you can tell they are gonna be comfortable for the long haul.
B000MQL2TK The Best Great sock super comfortable no comparison to any other socks feel like soft slippers but still feel good in running shoes. Pricey but you do get a high quality sock that is durable.
B000QW02F0 good shoe for the price I use these at work. I work around high electricity ,pumps, and water. I have found these to be very waterproof, and very comfortable. It took me approx. two days to break them in. They make me feel save when I'm working with 460 volts and above. So far they are holding up very well to the conditions I put them through. I feel they are a great pair of shoes and well worth the money I paid for them.
B000QW02F0 Timberland 47001 Steel Toe Work Boots Employee said they hurt and did not feel like the other pair he got last year. He had already wore them out in the plant so I could not return them for him.I purchased allot of the 47001 Timberland boots in 2013 and everyone seemed to really like them. This year in 2014 the quality seems different. I cannot put my finger on it but they do not seem like the same boot.Thank you,Julianne
B000QW02F0 Very Nice Timberlands I've had these boots over a week now and I love them.  The fit great, but took a few days to properly break them in.It does feel like you have added an additional two pounds, while wearing them (one pound to each foot).  I would recommend these to anyone.  These shoes are very well made.
B000VIDXE6 feel as good as they look hard to find a kid work-boot and i must say this one fits the bill. cheaper on the price yet fits great and feels sturdy and the bottom soles look like they can take a beating. i work for the railroad so i hope that it lives up to my expectations. but thanks
B000VQ9QKS I wore them all day out of the box and my feet feel great. I like the way they look and feel and they have much better arch and heel support than my old boots.
B000VQ9QKS they are comfortable Definitely worth the extra money. Just go ahead and buy the better ones.  They feel really nice I love them
B000VQ9SO2 Sturdy, but little too "cowboy" Bought this to replace an aging pair of beloved Nine West suede boots. Suede, in general, just doesn't last very long IMHO for boots, but I love the look. The Timberlands fit a bit small (as other reviews indicate), mostly because the toe is very pointy, which cramps the toes if you don't get the right size. Unlike my 9west boots, which disintegrated over a period of just 6 months, the Timberlands look like they will make at least two years -- they are built solid, good stitching, strong side zipper. They look great with jeans, due to their "cowboy" feel, but not so great with skirts. Just too rustic.
B000VQBPOS Not very satisfied This is not the first time I have purchased this item and somehow I did not feel these boots were of the same quality.
B000VW69IY Well made, but heavy. This is a very comfortable shoe, The quality is top of the line.  Looks good dress casual. They don't feel cheap either
B000VW69IY Beautiful I bought these after getting frustrated trying to find the perfect reasonably classy comfortable sandal at stores. It was a good decision. They look and feel great. I haven't had them long so I'm unsure of the wear factor but they feel very well made and the materials seem durable. Will buy again.Edit.  I've had these a few months now and they remain comfortable and still seem very durable.  The color, however, is not.  I noticed within just a few weeks that the leather was fading to a more washed out tannish look.  It's not terrible and I still wear them but they're more beach bum and less classy than before.
B000VW69IY FINALLY! A well made Sandal that feels good and looks good! I am very picky about the way my footwear fits. I have many pairs of shoes, but I WEAR maybe 2 or 3. You will always god back to the shoes that you feel good in and wear those, even if another pair LOOKS better.I usually wear Merrill because they FIT my foot right. The arch hits in the right place....they just feel right. And in a sandal, that you wear BAREFOOT, the insole liner material is CRITICAL. If it is the wrong material, it will feel lousy when your feet sweat a little, and even worse, it will begin to smell bad.... and that's that.So....this is my initial review of my Timberland sandals. Timberland's construction is the best I have seen in terms of workmanship and materials. You can immediately see the quality and tell that they made these right. The insole is some kind of man made material that is made for bare feet, I'll report back later on how they hold up. Initially they feel like they will be really good in all aspects, but the way the foot-bed feels and how the insole holds up is important. I'll report back on this.I am impressed, and pretty damn sure there are gonna work.I have tried 4 or 5 different sandals trying to replace the Merrills which have been discontinued. I bought 2 pairs and wore them both out!
B000VW69IY just right feel like the third bear in the goldilocks story, they fit just right, all went well,arived on time and in good condition.
B000VW69IY Great fit great feel These are really comfortable and good looking. I will be buying another pair in the future.  The best for boat fishing I found.
B000VW69IY Timberline Well built. Fit nice and can walk and stand in them for hours. Feel like real quality on your feet and lastly look cool--according to GQ
B000VWCBUY Awesome pull on! This is one nice boot. Was a little skeptical because I've always worn Red Wing brand pull ons most all of my life because they wear unbelievably and are just plain the most comfortable boot there is once you get through the break in period which takes months and can get quite agonizing until suddenly they are like moccasins. The second I pulled these on it was, "OH yeah!" The fit is much snugger around the ankle which is very loose in the Red Wings. Feels like it is laced up just right. Not too tight, not too loose. Having worn the Red Wings doing just about everything from work to hiking to even hard core rock climbing in them you have to remember what you have on because of the inherent looseness of them. These boots for slip ons feel every bit as secure as any lace up I've ever worn. To top it off they look absolutely great on.  They looked kinda goofy sit'n on the rack at the store, but on they look awesome! I get asked a lot about them. If you're a slip on guy like me you'll like these. If you're not, you should give 'em a try, I think you'll be impressed. Heck I liked 'em enough to write a review! They seem to be true to size with plenty of room in the the toe box and just right snug everywhere else considering it is a pull on boot. They look great with jeans, slacks and cargo's.....great boot. I'm impressed and will buy another pair for when these wear out. Which probably won't be long 'cause I'm liking them a lot and wear them often. More so now than my Red Wings which I have LOVED for years!
B000VX03GC churs amazon sent all the way to newzealand hassel free, they fit like a charm and would cost me double in my country, i like the design and the feel of the shoe
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocurua Boot I originally bought the D width but needed to exchange for the wider width. The boots are now the correct fit and feel great on my feet.
B000VX03GC OUTSTANDING !!!! Although these boots arrived only a couple of days ago I am in love.No breakin time needed. They actually feel more comfortable than my tennis shoes. So light weight it dosen't feel as if I am wearing  a pair of boots.Warmth? No problem. Iwas out in the cold all day yesterday.  I live in Denver and we have 4 inches of snow and temps right now below zero, expected to last through the next 4 or 5 days. I have no fear knowing my feet will be toasty and dry.Boots so comfortable i didnt want to take them off.If you are considering these boots do not hesitate. Amazon was 50.00 less expensive than my local sporting goods store.Fast delivery. A five star experience.
B000VX03GC Great boots These boots are some of the most comfortable shoes of any kind that I have ever worn. The boots look great and the lacing system is superb. The Gore-tex lining makes a difference in comfort and dryness even when wearing them to the office. You're ready to take off most shoes at the end of the day, but you feel as though you could leave these on indefinitely.
B000VX03GC Very good! My friends say that looks perttier than the picture. And it's  better than expected light.I feel very comfortable.The only drawback is that the leather easily leave marks on the leather when it was rubbed or scratched.
B000VX03GC I love these boots. They're worth every single penny. This winter we got a lot of snow in the north east, and these puppies kept my feet dry and warm.They're so flexible that they're don't even feel like boots. I feel like wearing sneakers. No kidding.So far, I'm loving these boots and I expect to wear them for many years to come.
B000VX03GC not disappointed I've owned other Timberland boots before, and as expected this ones live up to the challenge of matching the experience I had with my previous boots, they feel really comfortable and at times you even forget you are wearing them, they're that comfortable!
B000VX03GC Perfect fit and soooooo comfortable The boots look and feel great. One of the things that surprised me is that the boots are very light-weight. They are tough and bulky, the way boots should be but are surprisingly light. They fit perfectly. The inside is extremely comfortable. They have arch support which I need. They are very well padded, like little pillows for your feet. One of the things I really like is that the top two buckle things (not sure what they are called) where you put the laces through are open. So you only use the when you tie them up. It makes it really easy to slide the boots on and off. If you are just casually using them, they don't have to be super tight and are really comfortable. But if you are taking on a trail you can make them very tight so they stay put no matter what you are doing. Pretty versatile. I think they are great.
B000VX03GC smokey mountain bound! They feel like they are already broken in, great fit. I am very pleased with the color and craftsmanship. Great job Timberland, I look forward to climbing in these.
B000VX03GC Perfect fit Fits fine plus very comfortable. Worn them twice-- they feel like I have worn them for week. I hope they last a long time
B000VX03GC They fit great, and feel great. NP These are my best hiking boots.  They feel great and light on your feet.  I had some day hikes in them on cold days and my feet stayed warm and no snow got in.  They are  worth the money.
B000VX03GC little tight had to stop wearing until big toe numbness goes away. previous boots did not feel so tight so i hope its just a beak-in period
B000VX03GC Amputee Approved I lost my right leg and wear a prosthetic.  Because of this I need the soles of my shoes flexible but long-wearing.  These boots are just that.  Comfortable and cozy as soon as I put them on, I could walk with grace but still work in the garden with comfort, remaining dry, and again, have that flexible sole feel 'flexible' and not blocky like other boot soles feel.
B000VX03GC Same old quality Comfortable boots great for hiking or walking about town. The Chocurua has not changed its look nor its feel... yea!
B000VX03GC very suitable I get this shoes in time before I begin my long trip. It's very good for me . and I feel comfortable with it.
B000VX03GC I walk... I bought this shoes for my trip to South America (Argentina, Chile and Peru) a week before my flight. I was concerned that I've made a mistake for not giving them a try before. But after one week of walking and walking I was prooved wrong. They are very lightweight and fits like those shoes you will not get rid of because they feel just right, just perfect. Keeps you feet very dry. Great product, every cent worth.
B000VX03GC Very confortable boot Just like all things I have bought from Amazon, arrived quickly and properly packaged.  Wore the shoes 12 hours the first day, wow, like walking on air and very ward.  For a boot an incredible feel and comfort, which cannot be beat.  Would buy another pair when these wear out.
B000VX03GC Excellent boots When I wore these boots the first time, I felt they were custom made for my feet. They are so light you barely feel you have them on.
B000VX03WQ Euro hiker Boots I have bought two pairs so far...they feel great and I wear them with most of my clothes. They're cheaper than the manufacturers and I will be buying them again.These boots make you feel stable too!
B000VX03WQ hmmmm I dont know what boot you guys are talking about when you say the euro hiker is amazingly comfortable, These things feel like i am walking on a slab of slate all day. luckily the inserts of my merrell hiking boots i dont wear much fit right in these, and gave me a little more cushion. hopefully they will get better with time.
B000VX04MU I love these boots They look great and feel even better. They get dirty easy but clean easy also since they are all leather.
B000VX061O look great feel great Extremely comfortable shoes. Very casual or Dressy.  Good for all occassions. Really enjoyed these until my dog chewed them up
B000X46MOQ Great fit, comfy. These boots took a little getting used to, but feel great now. I initially purchased an 8 inch equivalent, but found that the fit, in the same size, was smaller than that of a 6 inch that I tried in the store. I decided to order the 6 inch despite wanting an 8 inch, and I don't regret my decision.
B000XEA5ZI So far so good. I'm impressed so far with the quality and feel of these boots.  Typically I like my steel toes to not feel very snug on my feet and 13 normally works, but these feel lose enough I'd been better off with a slightly snug 12 that would've broke nicely I imagine.  The main thing I don't like is the lack of speed laces for the top two loops, and the way the 4th loop up is positioned the shoe strings tend to bind up when you pull any above that tight, preventing the lower slack from pulling through making them a bit slower to put on and take off compared to my last Timberland PROs that I would've repurchased if that model was still in production as I was very pleased with them in every way.  I'll try my best to remember to update this after a year of use.
B000XEACHO Review for Timberland mens 47001 I usually wear size 9.5 regular,  I use the boots for work.  the material feel just right. I would have preferred a narrower fit. Customers should know the boot is light and very durable. I love the lase style and the steel toe as well as the rubber around the base of the shoe. I am in the wetland reclamation business and my boots are almost always wet. Nice to feel dry toes when wearing the boots. Peace Anthony Curro
B000XEAM10 the best boot you  can buy I love to wear thees boots feel like i am wearing my tennis shoes. They break in very well and my feet don't heart after standing  for ten  hours.
B000XEAPDA Timberland PRO Titan 6" Composite Toe Boot I really, really like these boots. I'm a big guy (6'2, 375), so I'm looking for boots that can support me. These boots feel like I'm walking in my running shoes. They're super comfortable. The reason I gave them 4 stars is because for a 6&#34; boot, they feel almost like an 8&#34; boot; by that I mean that my upper foot, has a LOT of room. I'm used to wearing chukka style boots (Georgia Athens boots)-and they fit my foot like a glove. I just wanted to give these Timberland's a shot and see how I liked them because everybody at my plant wears these or a variant thereof. I really think my fitment issue is that I have tree trunks for calves and skinny ankles and where this boot comes up to is thicker than the ankle. They're really comfortable. Only been in them a week, but they feel great. Time will tell on the durability.
B000XEAPDA Perfect Definitely something you would expect from Timberland...high quality. They fit true to size and feel as if they are already broken in the first time you put them on. I am a contractor in Afghanistan and my previous 2 pairs of boots hurt my feet because I could feel all of the rocks that I was walking on...no longer a problem. Also a week after I bought them I dropped 150 jack from about 2 feet up onto my foot, The composite did its job with no problem and the leather only tore a little. I was happy with the result. Definitely worth every penny, I would buy again.
B000XEE9PA Great work boots Very comfortable and truly waterproof. I've worn them every day for a month and sometimes I feel like I have my penny loafers on. A very good product at a competitive price.
B000XEEQAI comfortable boots Boots are very lightweight to be a ankle high safety shoe. Slip resistance is much better than my previous boots.Can feel the gridwork under the insoles, which is a little uncomfortable. I do not like the quick lace feature on the upper part of shoe. Unless you lace them very snugly, the lace may escape the quick lace loop and then you have to relace.
B000XEEQAI Boots that feel like sneakers These boots are really comfortable and light. They feel like sneakers on my feet. I've owned two pair and will probably buy another when I need them. The only drawback I've found it that after much abuse the sole starts to fall apart, and I'm talking about real abuse. The soles are very flexible and have great traction. I would recommend to anyone looking for light, comfortable boots.
B000XEEQAI Timberline Pros Rock. Have had timberland pros in the past, and they have been good boots. These look and feel good as well. Hopefully they will perform like their predecessors.
B000XEEW9S Timberland Pro men's titan 6'soft toe Excellent quality just like you'd expect from Timberland. Wore them for 1 day, feel like already broken in. Feel true to size. 100% recommended.
B000XEEW9S Love them so far. Very comfortable right out of the box.  The only question is how will they stand up.  I feel like they will, but time will tell.I will try to remember to come back in 6 months or so and update.
B000XEH2JA Feel Like a Pro Boots have met and exceeded expectations. Timberland Pro boots make me feel like a pro on the jobsite. Ordering and delivery was off the charts. Will be ordering again for sure.
B000XEIZ7S Cheap Crap! I bought these because of the reputation. The XW is not wide enough for me, and they just feel cheap. The insoles in them were not even the right size they were way to long. They just feel like they will fall apart soon. Thats what I get for buying chinese made junk! I am returning these and going to stick with my american made carolinas.
B000XEIZ7S Very good so far I ordered these on Saturday (3/25/12) with STANDARD FREE SHIPPING.  The boots came in Tuesday (3/27/12) which was only 2 business days...thank you Amazon!  The positive reviews were pretty accurate.  I have no complaint except one minor one that I will get to later.  I ordered the 9 1/2 EEE for my fat feet and they feel great with no real break-in except for a little stiffness on the first day which is expected.  They look great and feel like a good quality boot.  The one minor problem is that I am a welder.  Looking at the pictures of dozens of boot, I tried to find a boot that has a full width leather tongue so sparks and slag wont be able to penetrate the top of the boot and make me hop around on one foot while the other gets roasted!  The pics looked like it had that but alas, they do not.  There is a small strip of leather down the middle and a breathable (I assume it's breathable) membrane on either side.  It probably makes them nice and comfy but leaves the top of my feet open for attack.  My last boots were Rocky's and they had a similar feature and I wore them until they looked like flip flops so it probably is not too big of a deal.  I will make another post in a month or so and give an update.
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable and secure Title says it all. Feel sure footed in these boots. Good traction on slippery floors. I deliver food through greasy kitchens, up and down oily stairs, and across uneven surfaces outside. No problems in that respect plus the boots are light and comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Extremely comfortable I read all of the reviews about these boots not lasting very long but the reviews about comfort made me try them anyway. I think I may have plantar fasciitis just from reading and my feet are always hurting when I get up in the morning or after I sit for a while. The boots feel awesome and after wearing them for a few days, my feet already feel better. If they last for 6 months or less I may not buy another pair but if I can get closer to a year out of them, they are well worth it to me. I couldn't be happier right now
B000XEIZ7S Hate to take them off. For a work boot, these are very comfortable. I got them one size bigger and wider since they are alloy toe, but I really don't think that was necessary in my case. They feel great and offer great traction. I'm totally satisfied.
B000XEIZ7S great fit... So far so good...but true test of a boot is longevity...check back in 6-8 months.  Boots feel great on my feet and right from the start.
B000XEJ3HO LOOOOve these boots A little scared about getting a boot so cheap cause I work really hard with them. 3 weeks later they still feel and look good. They also fit like a glove . I know this sound like a marketing scam on my part ,or that this review can't be real . But it is . I love these boot.
B000XEJ9V4 &#128077; Amazing boots ! They are comftarble, feel incredible like if you could climb the Everest with them and they seem like they will last a life time.
B000XEJ9V4 Good boots! Great boots, feel comfortable so far and I like that this style is taller than the regular style of timberlands.
B000XEKHOC Love it This shoes is just like I expected it. I tried it in the snow, in the rain, when it's colt or hot. You gonna feel always your self comfortable.
B000XEKIUK Feel Good My son says that his feet feel good after 8 hours of standing at work.  They are very heavy though.  But, he looks them.
B000XEKIUK Rugged and Comfortable! The title says it all. These boots fit great, true to size, and extremely comfortable. I'm not on my feet all day long but there are long periods of time when I am, and there isn't a moment that goes by when I feel any discomfort. I haven't tested these against weather yet but I know how reliable Timberland boots are, that's why I bought them.
B000XEKIUK Yes I love them. They are comfy and feel amazing on my feet I would reccomend them to all my friends
B000XEKK94 Truth Everyone is different.For me... I love the fit and feel of Timberland boots. Great feeling, long lasting, and keep my feet comfortable and pain free even after 14 hour work days.For those who dont like them, fair enough, as i stated, not everyone is the same, or made the same either.One of the best deals on Amazon in my opinion. Pricing on Amazon for this item cannot be beat. Go price them elsewhere, try some on, make note of the size, you will find them here ALOT cheaper and delivered fast as well.Break in time was less than a week. They fit perfectly and feel great. I went one size higher than I normally do so as to wear thicker socks with them as well.I have always been pleased with Timberland products, and these boots are no exception.Thanks you Amazon!
B000XEKK94 Not a comfortable boot . Don't feel good to wear . Thinking of  returning  them  . Hurt my feet . Never had a problem with those boots before .
B000XEKK94 Initial impressions VERY positive. Pros:-They look awesome.-The feel and look of the materials is great and seems of very high quality.-They are super comfortable. Didn't expect them to be this comfortable.-They make you feel good while you are wearing them, kinda bad4ss...Like boot muscles similar to beer muscles...which to be honest may or may not prove to be a bad thing ;)Cons:-None to speak of as of yet, but I have only had them a few weeks now so I can't speak as to their durability yet. But so far, so good!
B000XEKK94 Great boots at great price Very comfortable from day one. No break in required to feel comfortable.  I usually wear 15D but in this case went with 14D. The first pair was way to big. Amazon was great to deal with. The smaller pair was delivered in 2 days. No hassle at all! I think these run a bit wide and large. I feel that the are a bit wider than a normal d width. Can't speak about durability since they are 1week old. I think I will really enjoy them. They seem like a quality boot....nice leather, nice sole etc.
B000XEKK94 Ready for Action right out of the box. These boots require no breaking in as they feel great the moment you slip them on. You get what you pay for and these boots are worth every penney.
B000XEKK94 Kind of disappointed (Recently Edited - See Bottom of Review) I ordered these boots mainly because I needed a pair for winter. Now I've only worn these a few times, so I can't comment on anything long term.First lets talk about the pros:-You can tell they are made of high quality materials.-I love how the boot pulls the hell back. It feels like the boot cradles my heel.-The outsoles grip real well to asphalt.-The most comfortable boot I've ever own, feels like a cloud.Now lets talk about the cons:-The outsole near the toes are rounded at the bottom, not flat. It takes getting used to. Not sure if I got a defective pair.-I ordered a 9.5, that's the size I buy all my shoes. Yet these feel massive. I could of probably ordered an 8.5 and still would of had room.-These boots hug your heel, but they murder my heels also. Blisters. Hopefully this goes away with more use.-Theres a ton of rubber on these. I feel 2 inches taller wearing them. The picture doesn't do these justice for how monstrous they look.Really the only reason I didn't return these boots is because I figured in the winter I'll have plenty of room for multiple socks and still have room to stuff one of those warming packs in the end.***EDIT*** 1/7/12 - After using these boots at work for the past couple of months, they have finally been worn in and stretched out. They're actually pretty comfortable and extremely waterproof. I have used these boots in sub-zero degree weather through snow, and with the proper amount of socks, they have kept my feet warm and dry.
B000XEKK94 Nice boots Look and feel sturdy. Comfortable on my feet. I would have liked it better if they had those clips (forgot what they are clled) to wrap the laces around rather that holes but I saw that they didn't have them when I ordered. Not a big deal. First try with these so I am hoping they stand up over time.
B000XELF3O Great Item for the price I'm a truck driver, I this boots feel great all day longI'll buy another pair!Highly recommended boots!Feel good.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable and fits well I got a size 14 because I have funny feet. While my foot size is 13, my arch is a 14. As you can imagine finding shoes that fit well is a problem. These boots fitted very well, but I was surprised at how comfortable they are. The insole seems to be made of memory foam which absorbs a lot of the shock when walking. They feel great for now, but I will have to see how well they ware.
B000XELF3O Shoes are always "Catch 22" Well, for my purposes they are great; they feel and fit well. Just what I wanted as far as comfort and work safety at the same time. They are sturdy! Also, I like the way they are finished inside and out. They are not waterproof, then again I didn't ask for it. I did spray them with a water repellent. I guess shoes are Catch 22; sometimes they are OK and the other times they are not.
B000XELF3O nice boots these boots are of soft leather so they feel broken in already. They are true to the picture and size and I would recommend these b oots
B000XELF3O Feel pretty good so far... I don't think that I can provide a truly accurate review for any footwear that I have only worn for a day or two, but these appear to be well made and feel pretty good thus far.
B000XELF3O They are worth it They was a great fit thanks it made my feet feel like they r being held properly And could not ask for nothing better
B000XELF3O Very safe. Confortable and safe. Enjoy to work with these boots, feel very safe and satisfied. Definitive recommend these boots. Very good.
B000XELF3O Like the boots but... The boots look and to a point feel good.  My feet however are to wide and for some reason the left boot just did not fit.  The boots do look nice just wish I could have kept them...
B000XELF3O Not as comfortable as I expected it to be. It is my second day that I am wearing these boots and they are not that comfortable to wear . Perhaps thicker socks will help. The shoes are well made and made with good quality leather. They tend to feel heavy.
B000XELF3O Stiff Ankles The boots are fine....these are a lot stiffer than my Carolinas were when I bought them....they fit the foot great but the ankle supports are really stiff and rubbed my ankle till raw.....I personally took a small hammer and softened up the leather...now they feel fine.....
B000XELF3O great boots Okay, so it's been about a month and my the right foot doesn't feel a thing they are comfortable now. I was very close on returning them! BTW I'M SIZE 13wThe boot on my right foot it's a bit uncomfortable but I hope I just have to break in to them for a bit longer to feel like the left foot. If it doesn't feel comfortable I might exchange it.
B000XELF3O Very nice boots When people say it takes a few days to break in, it is honestly like 2 days and they start to feel supple! Very comfortable!
B000XELF3O Ouch I had these boots before and liked them.  They were comfortable, light and didn't collect too much mud. I purchased the exact same size and style and they must have changed them because they didn't feel right and after first day on job big blisters on both heals. Sent them back
B000XELF3O Great Have been nothing but satisfied.. One month in and not complaints whatsoever.. Have been buying cheapo $35 boot for years.. Sooo wish i would have bought these from the beginning...Seems to have been No break-in period, that I have even noticed anyway.. Back and legs feel better than the cheaper boots, after long days working on concrete and steel floors..  Will have to update in a year or so, to see how they are holding up.. Amazon had the best price and fast shipping out of everyone else..
B000XELF3O ouch I would not buy these again. My feet have never been so tortured by a pair of boots... the heels put a lot of pressure on the back of my feet and it's hard to get a consistent feel with the laces.
B000XELF3O so far so good I haven't had these boots for long so I can't go into longevity. I wear an 11 in Nike shoes and got a 10M in these. First time trying them on was very tight because of all the padding inside. I loosened them up by wetting my socks from toe to half foot and wearing the boots. In only a few hours each day it took about 3 days to get them feeling really good.One complaint I have is there is a nylon heel under the insole. It has a lip that sticks up that I could feel. I ended up carefully dremeling this dumb thing down and no more plastic digging into the outside of my foot.I'll update when I wear these boots out.
B000XELF3O Satisfied Customer These boots have great foot protection and traction for roof climbing. I'm completely satisfied with these boots. I feel safer working on roofs already!
B000XELF3O Impressed I took a chance on these and it paid off.  I bought my normal size (11) and they fit great. I think if I would have gotten the wide I would have had to return them.  The toe box feels good(not tight and not too sloppy).  Pretty stiff leather but I'm sure they will break in nicely.  Just started to wear them so I can't give in a break in period yet.  Comfortable enough that I don't feel the need for any insoles.  I sealed them with sno seal (clear) for extra water proofing  and it didn't change the color much at all.  Seems to be a high quality boot for the price and will definitely order another pair in the future if they can hold up at least a year.  I bought a $140.00 pair of red wing boots and hated them from the start but like these already.
B000XETJU0 Pinches The soles feel great but they pinch at the ankles and on top of your foot when you squat down.
B000XETJU0 Time will tell. Can't say much now about the new boot, but did try them on to see how they fit and feel. So far they are comfortable. My old boots still have some life left. Come spring and will know when I can play in the dirt behind my house.
B000XETJU0 Great boots! I originally looked for boots I could wear not only in cold weather, but out and about, that would be sturdy and still feel comfortable. I got these because of the general good reviews and price. I have been wearing these for a month now and can't complain. They feel so smooth that I could wear 'em all day. Hope these last me a while. I love the color and they feel sturdy, but not too heavy. Would definitely recommend these.
B000XETJU0 Comfy city Very comfortable boot, I wear them 15/6 and I am very content with the way the feel throughout the day!!
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss Rugged and comfortable. This is my first pair of Timberland working boots and they feel good on the feet. I gave a 5 star, for comfort.
B000XETJU0 Fits and looks great I needed a boot where I could work in 6 inches of mud on a mission trip yet feel comfortable and these were perfect.  They are stylish, durable and very functional.  I'd recommend these for sure.
B000XETJU0 Ordered wheat came brown Came in different colour I`ve ordered. Looks all right, but I was expecting more when I ordered them. Feel comfortable tho.
B000XETJU0 They will do for now These boots will do for now, I'm not in love with the hooks and I also feel some discomfort around my ankle.  Unfortunately I had to wear them for a day or two to feel the discomfort and by then it was too late to return.  These boots run big so be careful with the wide options.
B000XETJU0 If your thinking about buying them, don't even think just buy Very comfortable and very tough, these will last a while I can feel it. Definitely worth every penny spent. Good job Timberland
B000XETJU0 The overall feeling good, local work needs to be improved. The size is a little big.The overall effect is good.I feel the shoes is very strong.The Part of the process is not very good.The local process is  some rough.I feel some regret.is a little rough.I hope to strengthen the local level of detail.
B000XETJU0 awesome boots Let be an honest review, I ordered these boots a week ago and I live in Vermont we are having a freaking cold storm is going through this is perfect for me to try out these boots.  It's awesome wearing these boots on the concrete feel like nothing hurt my feet and wearing outside -9 degree below zero on ice cover with snow feel not cold at all, its not slippery at all I can even feel it bites on ice.  Love it.UpdateUnfortunately I have to send these boots back for an exchange due to the right side of the right boot there is a piece of plastic inside between the insulate and leather defected it's kinda low and it is rubbing on my ankle hurt so bad.
B000XEVJJO Timberland Expertise Stel Toe Hiker Often as a female when I look for construction boots I find them to be clunky and ugly. This boot looks and feel great!very comfortable
B000XEVJJO Me, myself and I These boots are horrible. The shoe laces always come loose and the feel is down right uncomfortable. There is no heel support and the base is very hard.
B000XEVJJO good boot 6 months strong still look and feel like new. wear them every work day. service tech for refrigeration lots of outdoor hours on them.
B000XEVLF6 First time buying shoes online I love Timberland footwear but I've never purchased any without trying them on. These where the first and this pair did not disappoint.  I work outside 90% of the time on different terrain(ei: asphalt, concrete, sand, rocks and uneven mountainous terrain).  In the past I've worn steel toe boots that hurt my feet and wallet. The boots normally cost $130+. I've tried different types, but end up with the same aches and pains.  I've had these safety pro shoes for over a week and I can't take them off.  They have a good soft soul. I have a wide foot and these feel great.  They are a little heavy for this style of shoe but if you're use-to wearing boots you won't feel a weight difference.  I would always carry an extra pair of shoes for walking/running during my lunch breaks, these feel just as good.  I'll be ordering another pair here shortly...BTW, Timberland, if you happen to read this...please bring your Timberland store back to Cabazon, Ca.
B000XEVLF6 Try them for yourself My line of work is a dock supervisor. These boots are low so keep in mind twisting your ankle while walking onto uneven surface's increase 50% it's nothing like regular boots to help with this matter. But if your like me and just walking the dock to close down trailers and loading a few local lanes these boots won't place to much of a strain on your body. The impact i feel after changing over to these has helped me with just the drive home when changing back into my sneakers. One can tell how heavy steel boots are and after a long day of walking in them and changing back into sneakers you feel light on your feet. Now with these, i feel like I've walked in these boots only half the day's of work. I don't feel burned out unlike before when I was using heavier boots.Like my title states, you got to try yourself to know if its for you.
B000XEVLF6 Great shoes Second pair that I've purchased. Love the way they feel. I added Timberland anti-fatigue insoles which makes them even better
B000XEVM50 great price They are right when they said you can wear them 24/7.You can wear them all the time. Broke them in 2 days at home just to make sure they feel right. I would recommend them to whoever wants a feel good and look good work or everyday shoe. Thanks Jeffro
B000XEVM50 these are great boots this is my 2nd pair. I am around a lot of chemicals and oils. they don't slip and my feet feel great wearing them.
B000XEVM50 boots Very comfortable so far. My last pair of timberland boots have lasted over a year and a half and are still going strong, these feel just like those did.
B000XEVM8W walk to the promise land they feel great very roomy to be steel toes no will not want to take them off your feet you will be the talk at the work site
B000XEVM8W I like them I like them, they fit perfect, I will recommend this customer to others like like like like like like like like
B000XEVM8W comfortable i work on a concrete floor 40 hrs a week and my feet feel noticeably better since wearing these. Living in Maine i kind of wish i had bought a high top version for winter wear as they are a very low sided shoe
B000XEW60K Great shoes Great boots. These replaced a $200+ pair pf Redwings after a year and a half,y feet started to acheI wore these the first nigjt I recieved them and they are imdeed very comfortable.My achimg feet feel so much better now
B000XEX67M great boots love the feel of them im a welder so they work real good with slag drops rolls right off if they ever wear out im going to buy them again
B000XF4D1Y Comfortable These shoes were comfortable from first day I wore them.  I usually wear boots but some times there a little to heavy. These work great as an alternative. I have them for about a month and they still look and feel good. I would definitely recommend.
B000XR2GN4 Very Comfortable right out of the Box! These are probably the most comfortable work boots I have ever purchased.  They are soft and flexible right out of the box and don't require a break-in period to feel like they are a normal part of your feet.
B000XR2W1U Absolutely feel like I'm walking in sneakers Absolutely feel like I'm walking in sneakers! I couldn't believe it was a Composite toe...it is sooo comfortable! They are extremely durable. I've had my 1st pair for almost a year with no signs of being worn down or the leather cracking. I only bought this pair because there was a sale...so I'm putting these away for use when (if ever) my 1st pair wear down.
B000XR30FM Stiff Heel The boot is comfortable everywhere, except the heel.  There is some kind of hard insert that you can feel rubbing against your heel/back of your ankle, as if it isn't streamlined with the sewing of the boot. I like their other boots much better.  The other ones are the best I've found.
B000XR4IXA 4 8+ hour wears and....... so far, I really like these boots. They are comfortable, they offer good support for arch, ankles, etc. They broke in quickly. I tried the Caterpillar Women's Kitson AST WPF Work Boot and although I liked the sole better on the Caterpillar boots, they were painful and too stiff near my ankle area where it meets my foot. I have narrow feet and the Cats just didn't work for me. I feel my feet are protected in them and ready to tackle whatever the task may be. They are comfortable, I have worn them climbing and building scaffolding and other projects on the construction site. They have gotten wet and still retained their shape. On the left foot I am starting to see where something rubbed the boot and the line where the safety toe ends is slightly visible, I hope this isn't a sign of poorly enduring leather. But they feel great.
B000XR4IXA These are comfortable! These are just straight up feel good on your feet.  No break in period required.  They are nice and sturdy and have decent grip for navigating hills and rock.
B000XXGMRO Run Large, Feel Good Every pair of shoes/sneakers I own are a size 9.5 and even other timberland Shoes I own are 9.5's. I listened to the other reviews and ordered these in a size 9. They do run large, and the 9's are a good fit. Even with the 9's I could slip a pair of thicker socks in there when it gets really cold. As for anything I have no comment as I just got them.They look good (brown), and feel good on.Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 6" Lace-Up Boot Lace-Up BootI will reserve the 5th star when I wear them some more.UPDATE: October 15, 2012. I have had a chance to wear these several times on short hikes (2 miles) and use them for a camping weekend in Northern NY. They are comfortable, warm and I have no complaints. Just remember they run 1/2 size large. These are not deep freeze boots. They are great everyday wear, and light to moderate use winter boots. What I also like is that they are not heavy to wear. I don't feel like I'm clunking about in them.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots Super soft Leather, they feel like a Jacket would.  Stitching, Sole even the laces are all high quality. These have taken over as my daily throw on boots.
B000XXGMRO Amazing boots At first, these boots were uncomfortable, but after wearing them for a few hours, I was able to break them in and they are amazing. Not only do they feel great, they are very rugged and stylish.
B000XXGMRO Good boot I love these boots. They are comfortable, look nice and are made well. I ride on my motorcycle with these and they don't feel too clunky and awkward to fit between the foot levers and pegs. They're great for work and aren't too heavy after several hours.
B000XXGMRO Really like these boots I've been a fan of Timberland's shoes for a while.  This was my first pair of boots for them, though so I wasn't sure how they would feel compared to their other shoes.  After wearing them for a few months now I'm a big fan, liking the rugged look and quality of them.The leather when you first get them is quite stiff, but after a day or two of just walking around it breaks in very nicely.  It has a good thick, quality feel to it. The internal lining isn't very thick so these would be best for cool to moderate climates (not extreme colds). The bottom of the soul has good traction which is part of what I was looking for (I live in a area that's cool wet and slick for a good part of the year). If you need arch support in your shoes or like a very cushy soul though you'll want to add inserts to these (which I don't need, but would have liked to see in order to give the product 5 stars).
B000XXGMRO Snug fitting goodness Fits like a charm, wrapping around the ankle tightly and snug. The back look was a little ineffective to pull up the boot but still good nonetheless. I've been stomping around in this all week and besides some sqeakyness on marble floors, it's perfect! Already feel like getting another pair!
B000XXGMRO Great Fit and feel! These are amazing boots, but the sole insert moves around a bit.  I reccomend buying some inserts
B000XXGMRO brown timberland earthkeepers these boots do run large, I usually wear an 8-8.5 and bought an 7.5 but I feel a 7 would have fit better. There is plenty of wiggle room for my toes. I put in a superfeet insole and feel a little better with the support. The boots did leave some brown dye on my socks but that is getting less every time I wear the boots.
B000XXGMRO Good feel and size These boots are already my fav shoe upon opening them! Really like the feel of the shoe. Extremely comfortable and gives a different feel than your standard boot. I get a lot of compliments for its look and believe me they feel as good as they appear.It is a bit larger in size than i expected so i ordered a size smaller just to make sure I wasn't swimming in my Tim's. I got that tip from reviewing other reviews so please take not.ProPriceFeel, qualityConNothing yetDefinitely a must buy. Good shoe to wear at a dressy yet casual affair
B000XXGMRO Very comfortable These boots look and feel great, i wear a size ten and ordered nine and they fit well because they do run bigger.
B000XXGMRO These run hug Great boot ,I feel like they run almost a full size largegreat over all looks / feel / build
B000XXGMRO Great looking, feel great but do run large in size These boots I got to replace some old hiking boots.  I have been wearing them every day for the last month and they don't feel like a boot when wearing them.  You aren't constrained and they are really comfortable.  They do run about a size large since  I got the 9.5 and fits perfect when I ususally wear a 10.5.
B000XXGMRO good items it's so good! i love it .  very very light beyond imagination and feel warmly.  it looks like items present
B000XXGMRO SPANGLER GREAT PAIR OF BOOTS, GOT THEM FOR MY SONHE COULDNT WAIT TO GET THEM HE LOVES THEMHE SAID THEY FIT GREAT AND FEEL REALLY GOODNOT TO METION THAT THEY LOOK COOL
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers These are some great boots!  They've got a good lived-in look and feel.  The laces tend to untie but double-knotting takes care of it.  They fit true to size as well.
B000XXGMRO Holding up fairly well. It's been about 6 months now and they're holding up really pretty good. Haven't had problems with the tongue yet. There's only one spot where the threading/stitching is appearing to come loose. I'll just put some epoxy on it. Anywho, they feel great and fit great. I usually wear a 13 Converse, which is slightly loose for me, but I have super wide feet, so I have to. I ordered 12 W US and they fit really pretty good. At first it was a bit uncomfortable and snug, but after a while the leather fit to my foot. Best purchase I've made all year.
B000XXGMRO Questionable structural integrity overshadow good looks I've had these boots for a little over a year now (burnished brown, size 13) and think they look fantastic. Unfortunately, I've had to take them to my local shoe repair guy twice to sew the tongue back on; once for each boot. I'm also concerned with how quickly the soles seem to be wearing out. I only use them for hiking and driving to the slopes and the midfoot of both soles is already bald. Luckily, they can be resoled. Maybe it's just a one off incident with my boots, but I feel like boots that cost $160 should require a little more mileage before seams to start tearing and soles need repairing.They do look pretty damn sexy though.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeeper Renovation boots I love the look and feel of these boots...very well made.They are all leather, including the inside, so they will take a little while to break in.I made the mistake of wearing them out one night, and they rubbed my heels raw.
B000XXGMRO Urbane Shoe Wearer Morning. First off, let's talk about the fast delivery! I placed this order on Tuesday. They took a day to process it and I received the shoes on Thursday! Very fast delivery. I'm very impressed. As for the shoes, mine feel a little big. I wear a 10.5 and I do have a tad bit more room than I'm used to. I would advise you to use your own discretion; however, ordering a half size smaller is an option to consider. Regarding the style of shoe, I love it. It has that modern worker yet casual night out feel to it. I hope this helps. I would definitely order from [...] via Amazon again! Lol.
B000XXGMRO vr good I like that vr light weight but I dont know why its feel like large but like though really .
B000YDOOD2 very comfortable I still mow the lawn in a 10 year old pair of Timberland sandals.  They are still in one piece and are sooo comfortable.  These feel like they are going to behave the same.
B000ZK2ILY So comfy! You can wear these all day and your feet feel great!  And the price on Amazon was amazing!  Under $25 when I purchased them.  I purchased 2 more as backups when I realized how comfortable they are!  Very true to size.
B001704YR2 Good fit, great feel This is a quality shoe, fits well, very comfortable on my arthritic knees. I like the look, not too casual for dress down work.
B001708FZE timberland womens fauna lace boot Ilove these boots they are very stylish and comfotable and warm i work in a factory and i can stand all day in them and my feet feel so good.You will like the way they look.
B001760BYQ Sturdy and Comfortable Boots These boots are well-made, study and comfortable. Feel true to size. They go well with Jeans. The price on Amazon is good, too.
B001760K56 Useful but ugly The boots seem to be good for the winter weather, but they have no grace at all, I won't feel like using them for a date. The sole is too big for the rest of the boot. They feel comfortable though, and the inside is well made and won't make you feel too warm.
B001760K56 Great quality, clownish length These boots are made of quality material and fit great. However I wanted a boot I could wear over and under jeans and these are very long foot wise. I do not have small or large feet but these made me feel slightly like walking in flippers.
B001760K56 buy these boots! I purchased these boots last winter, and now it's winter again and I couldn't wait for it to get cold enough so I could wear them. I have put so many miles on these and they still look  and feel great. being water resistant is a big plus,and the stability of the heel and sole is wonderful, no teetering or ankle turning with these.When I purchased them they did not offer dark brown, sooo, I am going for my second pair.
B001760K56 Dissappointed I couldn't wait to get these...I read the reviews, decided that I would order a wide, based on what I read and go down a 1/2 size....as far as the fit goes, it was the right call....they are somewhat tight on my calves (mine are 15 1/2) but I feel like that would have stretched out enough to make them comfortable and they feel comfy on the bottom of my feet with good arch support....my complaint? these are straight up biker boots...some of the reviews said they could be dressed up or down, not true...there is no dressing these up....and I didn't really get that looking at the photos online....I think the brown might have been a tiny bit less bikery, but still the lug sole and the buckles speak loud and clear....they also made my feet look big and bunched up around the ankles...I could have dealt with that though...my problem is the overall ruggedness, which is great if that's what you're looking for, and I did consider keeping them since they are waterproof and might come in "handy" some day, but in the end, it is too much money to spend on "maybe someday", which I know translates into a long and lonely life for them...gathering dust in my closet...so back they go. :)
B001760QX2 Timberland boots These boots are cute, comfortable, and warm. I thought that they would be a slightly lighter shade than how they arrived. At first I thought that they were too big. I were a 7 1/2 to an 8 and purchased a 7 1/2. After giving up about sending them back I've been wearing them and they feel and fit better. I am 5'2" so the boot does reach my kneecaps which some people may find annoying. Overall, they work over jeans and look good with dresses.
B0019R392E Great boots Was looking for some boots for a while for my son and I'm glad I found these. He does not like boots, but when he saw these, he really liked them. They are not only comfortable, they also look great. He says that they feel like gym shoes. I don't know about that, but the boy won't take them off.
B001AQU6MK A Solid Boot. The boots are great! They come on and off so easily, and fit very snugly and comfortably. They also have a very solid, durable feel to them. They look great whether I'm wearing a shirt and jeans, or "dressed up". No complaints as of yet.
B001AQU9S6 Great Boot These feel great on my feet!Only complaint, of course, the hightop requires longer socks to cover the exposed part of the leg.
B001B7FP60 Very comfortable boot and well made; no doubt being a Timberland. Made a little large and loose around the ankle.  Need to tighten laces to feel snug.  Been wearing them as slip-ons.  Very well made, seams are sturdy, traction is superb.
B001BFD3PC Timberland is Great These are good boot. It is confortable and so light, that when you walk you even not feel its.
B001EBA784 Thank you! fits great feels great! Twenty five years plus as diesel mechanic i know steel toe boots. Past five years i tried all the big name brands not one fits like this one.I have wide feet cant find many shoes or boots that feel good.The titan xl pro in wide fits great! My feet feel good at the end of day.Thank you!
B001EBJU82 LOOK GOOD!  FEEL GOOD! This is my first time buying Timberland boots.  They look good and feel good (if you don't mind the large toe).  Only time will tell how they will wear and if they're worth the price.  They already seem to be much more comfortable that the Red Wings.  I'm a mechanic in the mining and construction industries and my boots take a beating.  I'll let you know later how these stand up under conditions that only Red Wings have withstood so far.** I've worn these boots for four months now.  They still feel great on my feet and are showing no wear.  I'm very happy with them so far.
B001EWFF30 okay for the price Good boots protect from cold and I feel comfortable. But the drawback is grip. Grip is not enough as expected.
B001EWFF30 Great fit for my wide-foot brethren. I just bought these, so I can't comment on their long-term durability, but the initial fit is excellent. I have wide feet and wide ankles. What this means is that I literally cannot wear certain brands of boot (North Face, for instance) because they make me feel as if the front portion of my foot is being squeezed in a vise. I also have a moderately high arch.I typically wear size 10 or 10.5 in Wide, and these shoes fit me perfectly in 10.5. The front portion of the shoe is roomy without being loose and the arch is in just the right spot for my foot. They feel &#34;broken-in&#34; after just a few days of wearing them (probably more a matter of me getting used to a mid-rise boot) and they're comfortable enough to wear all-day! The tongue and ankle are lined with a very soft, lightweight leatherette that doesn't feel squishy, fat or bulky when I tighten the laces. There are no pressure-points-- these feel like they're made to fit my foot.I bought these to replace a set of heavy steel-toed boots that I had been wearing in foul weather. After knee surgery, they were absolute murder on my bad knee. These Timberlands feel almost as light as a high-top sneaker, and my knee doesn't seem to mind them one bit. I went for a two-hour hike yesterday on a somewhat muddy, icy trail in 35-degree weather. With a set of lightweight wool socks, they kept my feet warm and dry. I wasn't standing in more than an inch or two of water or mud at any point, so I can't yet say how they'd do on a full-day hike.My initial impression of these is excellent. Great fit, comfortable, lightweight and (so far) waterproof. I'll be wearing them for the duration of the Eastern Pennsylvania winter, so I'll be sure to update this review if they start to leak on me.
B001EWFF30 Great boots. Bought these for my 20 year old grandson who wears a size 14.  He really liked them and have been perfect for this snowy, cold winter.  I feel I definitely got my monies worth .  Would recommend these booth.
B001EWFF30 Timberlands yo Great boot, fit ,feel ,comfort , warmth , & best of all the laces stay tied , no regrets , would purchase again
B001EWFF30 Weighs like a tennis shoe, works like a boot My dad bought a pair of boots, but in black.  I was impressed how well it fits, how its constructed, and how light weight it was. They look and feel great for work and play.  The brown leather is a bit darker then what is shown, but still looks good.  Overall I love it and I highly recommend it.
B001EWFF30 Great Hiking Boot Very light weight, particularly for full leather uppers. Got them a 1/2 size larger because I wear heavy wool socks whether warm or cold, and they fit perfect. The quality and finish appears to be what you would expect from Timberland. Very fast speed lacing system. Extremely comfortable over extended periods; you don't feel like you have to shed your boots first thing after a five mile hike. Haven't had them long so can't say yet how they hold up over time, but so far I don't expect any problems. I've paid a good bit more for similar shoes of other brands that were not nearly as light weight or comfortable.
B001EWFFNK Good Comfortable fit, but terrible odor These Timberlands fit and feel great.  They're lightweight and I can wear them all day long.  One problem is that they have a very strong odor right from the box.  I've had them only a couple weeks and have tried leaving them outside to air out.  Hopefully the stench will go away in time.  They are also made in China, which I'm not thrilled with.
B001FXZU92 Well Named! Timberlands new Endurance Pros, are extremely comfortable. As soon as I put them on I knew I was going to like working in them. I also enjoy the rugged feel of them as well,and the flexability too.Oh and one last thing I like the look of these boots alot .
B001FXZU92 Unusually comfortable... Usually when buying a work boot they're either comfortable and tend to wear out prematurely OR they're durable as all getout but my feet suffer.  This doesn't seem to be the case with these boots.  Somewhat conforming to make my foot feel comfortable but I can tell they won't get beat up like the Caterpillers and Dewalts I've bought in the past.  The outer toe cap protection will be an asset when manhandling my incoming freight every week.  Good job, Timberland!
B001FXZU92 Kinda early to tell for sure... Still breaking these in, but they appear to be very well made, and feel pretty decent.  I am not with out some concerns about the long-term comfort, but time will tell and I'll add/edit here accordingly.
B001FXZU92 Timberland Men's Pro Endurance PR 6" Steel Toe Boots Very comfortable, as others have also written.  I am in construction and they are holding up very well.  The soles are wearing well also.  My only gripe is that (to me) they feel heavy.  They are 3/4lb heavier/pair than my previous boots. Later in my work day I really start to notice it and feel like I have about a pound of mud on each.If you are used to wearing boots, the weight shouldn't be an issue.  Overall, I think these are a very good boot.
B001FXZU92 This boots protect my feet in any kind of job I work I've used timberland pro for years, so far this is my 5th pair and they can take a beat, seriously, I used them all week long, painting, shoveling snow, demolition and still feel like I'm wearing tennis shoes yet with the protection of a super boot.
B001GB379I Work Boots for a Seaman. I work as a merchant seaman in the Gulf of Mexico on a supply boat.I ordered & received these boots a few days ago & so far they are sturdy, heavy, stiff around the ankles.Some 3 days after intial wearing, they are less restrictive and feel lighter, and they look good.I like them, lets see if they hold up better than the usual $40 walmart bought, plastic & rubber chinese made, desintigrate at the first touch of salt water, crap boots I have purchased before.
B001JAH59E Comfortable Forget the whole eco-friendly gimmick, these are very comfortable boots. Very soft/supple leather, probably not big on protection but they feel fantastic.
B001JEP3TO Comfortable and stylish I've had these shoes for about 3 months now and couldn't be happier.  They aren't cheap, but the upside is they don't feel cheap to wear either.  Well made and comfortable.  I'm planning to buy another pair so I'll have a backup when these eventually wear out.
B001KOQ4EG overall decent The back collar height is a little low and made of stretchy material, not leather as expected.  Otherwise, comfortable and fits well.  Wear for 12 hour shifts and feet feel fine after.
B001KOQ4EG Very Comfy These shoes felt great on my feet as soon as I put them on. I bought another pair of these and they feel great too!
B001KOQ4EG exelent and confortable Exelent and confortable shoes. wear them everyday since bought them. Feel like wearing sneakers but with the look of a casual shoe.
B001LI7HJC Love these boots!! I orginally bought these boots about 2 yrs ago.  They are so comfortable they feel like house shoes. I have 2 brown pairs and 2 black pairs
B001LI7HJC Cuter than Uggs I love the fit and feel of these Timberlands. They are very warm and comfortable. Makes my toes feel like ten friends on a camping tip.
B001LI7HJC GREAT BOOTS True to size, so if you have a medium or wide foot than order just that. They are well constructed and durable. I have not worn them yet cause its too warm, but they feel like they can survive the winter and not fall apart. The bottoms are very hard. Similar look too uggs but look a little more mature, maybe cause the timberland button on them...
B001PUDHGS Rugged and elegant These shoes area great they feel secured on you feet and you get the idea that it is firm on your feet as well. the first time i put them on they were uncomfortable but soon after they became my good friend. These shoes feel like boots the soling is trick and slip resistant, they are also quiet so you can sneak away from your boss from  time to time. Four stars because it does take some getting use to.
B001SARJXC A pleasure to wear Great look, fit and support.  Not an airport shoe, because you have to work a little at getting them on and off.  But the effort is rewarded with all day comfort.  Up close, they look like they're made in Italy, because the leather is really soft and rich. The stitching is just enough detail to make them interesting. Not too casual and not too dressy, they look smart and serious. They're very light weight but feel strong and secure, like you want a boot to feel.  Great boot for style and comfort on a winter day.
B001SARJXC They feel like tennis shoes but... They feel like a pair of running shoes.  Soft soles, soft leather.  I wouldnt use them for construction or anything that you would find sharp items near your feet because of the very soft sole.  Dont...really, DONT use the rear loop to pull the shoe over your heel.  Mine snapped and now I have to find a way to rectify this issue.They look very good and are comfortable for long periods of time standing on your feet but these are the most tender Timberland's I have ever bought.
B001SARJXC Comfortable and look good been using these for a few weeks now. these look good and feel comfortable. Not too heavy either. the only thing I've noticed so far is they are a bit difficult to put on if you're wearing thick socks (which I do in the winter). wish these had a zipper option.
B001SARJXC Nice Boots feel great are true to size. Very light easy to break in only con I have is they are not slip resistent.
B001U89NK4 Comfy and Cute I don't often wear heels, but I loved the style of these boots so much, I thought I would give them a try.  Well, I must say these boots are terrific! They fit true to size with room for socks, if you want. The lug sole and chunky heel make them really stable. I don't even feel like I'm wearing heels. The vintage style is pretty and funky at the same time. This is my first time with this brand and I will definitely be buying more.
B001U89OGM Great out of the box! I am usually the type of person that needs to try on numerous pairs of boots at the store before i find the right fit. These were great out of the box, came in a timely manner and fit really, really well...even with thick wool socks on. I have wide feet and they do feel a little snug around the widest part of my foot, but I think the leather will stretch a little and that is all I will need. I love it that they don't need to be treated....it isn't winter yet, so I haven't worn them in the snow or in cold temps (or even outside the house) yet, but out of the box, I am very pleased and feel that they will be great boots for a long time...
B001VNCKJ4 So narrow, but nice. I see a lot of reviews here and other sites talking about sizing down. I wear a 10.5 but I have a wide foot and like using insoles so I usually buy 11s. The 11 in this boot fits like a vise. I'm sure it will stretch out a little but man, if I would have sized down my foot would have gotten hung up at the arch. Other than that though, great boots! Soft without feeling flimsy, strong leather smell, and nice padding.Update: A little over a month in and they have stretched. I still have to undo the laces to get my feet in but I don't have to loosen the strings all the way down anymore.Update 2: So a little after a year since I bought these and they are still great. For the first year I wore them pretty rarely since the pair they were bought to replace kept refusing to completely fail. About a month ago my old pair (a different brand) had a blow out in the zipper and I switched to wearing these 4-6 days a week (yes, I know you should never wear the same shoes 2 days in a row if you want them to last). I'm kind of rough on boots but these are easy to keep looking great. A coat of Renapur leather balsam and any scuff or water marks vanish. Actually, going to do that now. Buy these, you won't regret it.PS: The zipper on these feel like they could hold tank treads together.
B001VNCKJ4 I love this boots Very comfortable, amazing soft leather, perfectly crafted, warm and absolutely beautiful to ware, you feel smart even with casual clothes
B001VNCKJ4 Nice looking and very comfortable TImberland boots are such a quality boot. I wear these for a somewhat dressy look. They fit and feel great out of the box.
B001VNCKJ4 nice boot Feel a bit of tie when first time wearing it, but the size still fit, and boots looks cool. It's worthy than the price
B00261CDYW Fit well and seem sturdy. I like the way they look and they feel like they will last a long time.  However, the shoe laces are thick and can he annoying to tie.
B00295RHV4 OK i used them for my work , they are ok , but after a while i started to feel like water got in easier
B00295RIW2 Great shoe for nurses I bought these shoes for work and I love them! they fit great and feel snug unlike Crocs, which feel so loose on my feet. The only reason I wouldn't give these a 5 star rating is because the insoles have completely fallen apart after about 6 months of wear.  I recommend this shoe to all my fellow nurses!
B00295RJIU Look and fit of shoe The responsive is indicative of how they feel on my feet. They are very comfortable - moreso than I thought they would be.
B00295RJIU not really that much better than others I bought these because I hate the look of Danskos.  However, these also make your feet look like ugly clown feet.  They are also heavy..it's not difficult to walk (although I have tripped over them a few times) but if you cross your legs you will feel it weighing down on the dangling foot...at the end of the day, I am happy to take them off.  I reverted to just wearing sneakers in the OR because I could not bare these any longer.  Definitely not worth the price. On the plus side: they are very soft and cushioned on the inside...moreso than any Danskos.
B00295RJIU Feet feel great Easy to slip on, long lasting, love them!!!  They are durable and very professional, yet they feel like I am very sneakers molded to my feet.
B002ASAJPG Not as comfortable as they say If you like a nice set of HEAVY work boots that are pretty solid on your feet. Here you go.Just not my type, I work Highway construct, walking a lot on hot mix surface than up & dwn checking bridges & overpasses, they just don&#8217;t feel very comfortable. Other people maybe?
B002ASAJPG Feel Good Sound like a Girly Man. The sole compound is hard and it clacks when you walk across a concrete floor.  A little snow on concrete and the sole get very slick.  They feel great so far.  I have a bad heel and it has been good to my foot.
B002ASAJVA Endurance Boot for an Endurance Man My husband really liked these boots right off the bat. There was no breaking in time needed. They just plain feel good and look good, too. And are safe ones for his job in residence/commercial building. Thank you.
B002ASAKN2 I wear it, and a feeling is good I feel it to be slightly heavy, but I am mobile and am hard to be tired. In addition, I am not worried about the mud because there is waterproofness. It can easily wash away the mud dirt with a brush and water.
B002ASAKN2 great work boot this is the third pair of these boots that i have purchased . i wear them every day. they feel comfortable and are light. I am a plumber, and i am getting easily a year and a half out of these boots before i have to get new ones. they dont have an aggressive tread so you dont track dirt in peoples houses. the bottoms dont mark floors up. They break in quickly.  Very good boot.
B002ASANG6 Cant go wrong with Pro line of boots I have owned six pairs of Timberland pro boots, and all of them have been uber comfortable for working long hours on concrete. Some do fit different than others though. These have a large foot bed and a very large toe box for a normal width boot. they feel almost like a wide. That aside they are very comfortable right out of the box, no break in needed.
B002ASANG6 Foot saver! These boots saved my feet...I tried on every single pair of timberland pro boots and none of them fit as perfect for me as these...they really flex to your feet and feel very light...no other boot in any brand fits me like these....I always read reviews before buying and you can't count on reviews because the boots with 5 stars for others we're a 1star to me...you have to try on to see for yourself...I work on a assembly line and if I want more cushion I can add some new inserts...but so far these are good for me as is...whoever designed these should get a raise...I love them and had to post a  review
B002CVUSY8 You wont regret buying these I normally don't write reviews about products, but these boots exceeded my expectations. They feel light on your feet, very sturdy, and are incredibly comfortable. Easy on and off. I am very satisfied with this purchase and am considering getting a second pair (in black).
B002NEGCC6 very good but not very relaxing as expected The shoes is very good hand made but when I bought it I get it to feel very relaxing while traveling... My size usually 10.5 wide or 11 so I got 11 and size is perfect but I feel it is tight from the middle area not in length or width it is in highets of it... From where u put ur feet inside it ...Ppl told me it we ok after a while... But it is still Not what I expected :(
B002NEGCC6 Comfortable The shoes fit and feel just as I had expected them too.  Nothing extraordinary about their level of comfort, but I will say that for the price you can't beat it.  I'm pleased.
B002WJHCZ8 Not bad,fit a bit snug I've purchased a couple packs of these socks. Fit well just out of the pack but tend to shrink a bit after first washing and feel a bit snug(like having your feet bound)on subsequent wearings. More durable than most but would prefer them a bit larger. I wear a size 10 1/2 shoe so my feet aren't enormous. Not stretchy enough.
B002XKJXD0 Just okay The boots arrived and I didn't realize how plastic like they would feel when I ordered them.  The shoe laces are extremely short and are hard to tie.  Wouldn't order again.
B002YOMJPY Fit like a glove... I like the feel of the boot and the way it support my flat feet. It is very light and sturdy..
B002YOMJPY Comfortable Well worth the price. I've paid more for shoes not nearly as nice. Hopefully they'll wear as well as they look and feel.
B002YOMJPY great uniform boot Don't expect to chase down the bad guy with these bootsbut they do look good and feel gooda lot of ankle support for the waning years of your career when you should not be engaged in foot pursuits!
B002YOMJPY Cool Boots I'm really hard on shoes. After 6 months, they've seen better days, but they feel fine and they're still waterproof. No complaints here.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable Has a nice broken in feel to the leather.Fit runs slightly larger then I normally wear but not bad
B0034G54BM Very Comfy, High Quality These are extremely comfortable and very sturdy. I recently had foot surgery which makes finding fashionable but comfy and reliable shoes a challenge. These definitely fit the bill. I feel like they will be safe shoes for walking in snow and ice during the winter as well. I ordered a 1/2 size up after reading other reviews.
B0034G54BM Great buy I bought these about 1.5 yrs ago and wear them almost every other day now that its winter. They still look beautiful and feel great. I get tons of compliments on them from men and women. Could not be happier with my purchase.
B0034G54BM Sooooooo awful!! I really, really wanted to love these!!  I thought for sure I would.  I don't have wide or difficult-to-fit feet -- just your average 7.5's.  Sometimes I even wear 7's.  So I ordered these and waited excitedly for them.  As soon as they arrived, I put them on and OUCH!!!!!!  "Snug" and "tight" are not strong enough words.  The only way to describe them is "can't feel your toes."  They are horrible.  Plus, they do look bunchy and not in a good way.  I'm returning them -- so sad.
B0034G54BM Had to Have! OK, I waited for a deal on these timberland boots and I got it!  Timberland is the only boot I will buy for hiking and I wear fashion boot all of the time.  So when comfort blended with style, I had to have these.  Win/Win, these are very comfortable, large enough in leg to fit over your favorite jeans, feel stylish, and not worry that these boots might get wet.  They will handle it.
B0034G54BM Buy these...ok! Oh my...where do I start. Great soles, no slipping during the wet days.  Strong leather.  Really hip.  I have narrow feet and they fit fine.  I even put inserts into them, but my feet hurt when I do.  If that is your goal order a .5 size up (depending on your inserts) to 1 size.  Worth every penny, this will be my second winter with them and I can't wait.  I feel secure and warm with these.If you have wider calves, these could be a problem.ENJOY them and the typical quality you get from Timbies!!!
B0034G54BM Loved it. I walk and stand a lot at my work and my boots really feel comfortable. My feet was not aching yet. I ordered size 6. It fits right. What I don't like is that the buckle  kind of make noise and also crunched in the ankle. Price is good.
B0034G558E perfect comfort I was so scared that they would not fit . i did not open the box right away but when i did and put my feet into those i was amazed  that they were perfectly fitting my two feet. Honestly i never had shoes that feel so good right away and i've been wearing them many times now and wow!. They look has beautiful has they appear on the screen, i had many compliments.Great buy!
B0034G562O Office shoes I just got these yesterday, and I have to disagree with the previous review. I find these quite comfortable. They've got a three-and-a-half inch heel, so they aren't going to feel like bedroom slippers; while they could stand a little more padding, for heels they're pretty tolerable. They're cute and feel sturdy, so they'll probably be my go-to shoes for the office. Don't, however, think that because they're made by a hiking shoe company that you can go hiking in them. No, bad idea -- they aren't walking shoes, definitely.
B0034G5IPY Really Timberland Quality? I bought these boots last month and was looking forward to Timberland quality, a pretty winter white with a classy edging on one side of each boot.  First the quality: the sole is a nice rubber with good tread for outdoor walking but the leather seems to be a very low grade.  The inside materials are "man made in China" and the fur feels like a really old scraggly stuffed animal - not soft nor pretty.  The white is not white - sand would be the right color description.  The detailing on the side is underewhelming and doesn't look better than the picture.  The string on the back is just for design and doesn't do anything to tighten the fit.  My least favorite part is they feel huge.  I have a pair sized 8.5 and they look like 10s.  They run pretty true to size (maybe a little on the smaller size, but not much) and don't give much on the width, but wouldn't be noticable by someone with an ave/narrow width.  Overall I just can't believe these are Timberlands because I have several other styles and these just aren't pretty, feel chunky and don't look worth the best sale price one could find.  They are waterproof/weatherproof from the lower calve down when the seen on both sides starts.  They are warm and the tread is good.  Wish I had a better review to give, maybe another brown would look better.
B0034G5KAC Timber! They are nice enough looking boots, but the foot bed has an inward turn, so makes it difficult to walk naturally (for me at any rate) because I feel I need to be correcting the turned in foot by walking on the outsides of my feet.  Disappointed with this aspect of the boot.  The ankles are rather large compared to the calf fit hence, they sag for me at the ankles &#60;not a look I particularly try to cultivate&#62;.  I like the intense tread - great for the snow in Wisconsin!!!
B0035LD0WQ Simply Shocked that they felt so good !!! I usually only purchase Reeboks for Sneaks, as I only like DMX for walking, as foam rubber soles compress over time, but wanted something waterproof and trusted the Timmy brand. Well, got them and wore them and they fit perfect and feel great !!! Get these Sneaks if you're looking for something rugged, waterproof, light weight and feel great !!! Later... :-)
B0035LD2II Extremely tight in the ankle I had a pair of the previous version of the Earthkeeper Chelsea in 12W and loved them; ditto for the Mt. Washington Chelsea, same size. These boots in 12W, though, didn't even come close to fitting me. The ankle is so narrow that I needed to borrow an extra-long shoehorn just to get them on; once on, they hurt like heck. This wasn't a question of a little tightness that will stretch with wear; there was simply no chance they would ever feel good. I returned them. Too bad, since I love the look of these shoes.
B0038JD1UG I like it! I ordered this item from another site, before I noticed Amazon had it, too. I didn't try it yet in the snow, but I am so far satisfied with the looks, the feel and the fit. Somebody mentioned it runs small, but for me it worked ok (I wear 9.5, which is what I ordered, and it fits well with a thicker sock; it is a little hard to put on, but this would be expected with a boot that has no zipper or anything to "open" it).
B0038YXC1O Look great and fit well! They're comfortable to wear because they fit well, and I think they look really good too! I woudn't mind the lenses being a bit darker, but I feel that way about all sunglasses.
B003A4T4A0 Squeak Squeak! These seem like well built shoes, but squeak on flat surfaces, which is extremely annoying.  After 3 weeks they might not yet be broken in completely, but my feet don't feel as comfortable as they have in past pairs of Timberlands.
B003A4V78C Feel Great, and Great Traction These shoes are true to size, feel great, required no break-in, look better than they appear in the photos, have good traction even on we tile. They do seem a bit high around the ankle, but not terribly uncomfortable. I find the heel a bit softer (springier) than I like. But walking 2-4 miles per day on city streets, it is also a benefit. I liked them enough, I ordered a pair for my dad also.
B003A67X5G Very comfortable! I'm on my feet all day right now and these things make it feel as i'm kicked back in a recliner. Very good shoe/boot.
B003A67X5G OK Look not as good as in the photo, a bit awkward, a little heavy, but can also feel&#12290;it is OK
B003A67X5G Feel like athletic shoes..... Run maybe a little large, but ordered my size and they fit fine. Nice looking leather work shoes that feel like wearing court shoes or cross trainers. The non-slip sole is quiet when walking on hard surfaces and grips floors like a basketball shoe. Easy on and off is the icing on the cake. Perfect for hours of functional comfort. I can only hope that Timberland keeps offering them, cuz it seems like whenever I find a shoe that I like this much, it gets discontinued.
B003A69RS2 Very comfy Very comfortable that you do not feel you wear a shoe ,very good material ,very reasonable price.the only thing that I didn't like the pumps on the surface of the shoes although the size fit perfectly like it was made for me.still recommend for others may be it is my feet problem.
B003A69RS2 Perfectly fits I rate this 5 cuz I feel so comfortable and fits perfectly to my big foots. I recommend this shoes for indoor and outdoor workers.
B003A69RS2 Sacks Leather is too hard and somewhere is to small,very uncomfortable,my feet feel pain when I wear it,I don't like it at all.&#128555;
B003AZZJYY great boots This is my fifth pair of timberland shoes and they fit and feel great like all the other timberland shoes do.After reading other reviews I ordered them wide even though I wear a D with normally and they don't feel sloppy on my feet. They look good with shorts which is the main reason I bought them.I hate wearing white athletic shoes.
B003AZZLCO Earth Keep Ers Very nice boot.  Timberland's Earthkeepers are their best products. These boots in particular are incredibly comfortable.  I like the beige and white mix and really like how they fit/feel while walking.  I could wear them all day if walking in the city.  (Not a hiking boot.)Timberland is a size too big.  Ex. If you are a 12, buy an 11, etc,.
B003AZZM3C I feel so sexy. wear these 1/2 size smaller...and look at yourself wearing them with nothing on but your underpants in the mirror. see? what did I tell you. you'll thank me later. 5 stars for the extra pair of laces.
B003BLPA00 Timberland boot purchase. Second try on these boots, because we liked the design.  Bought for an adult female with size four shoe;these are are now more than acceptable...especially in colder weather with heavier socks.  Like the look and feel expect to walk the dog instyle this winter====Thank You
B003BLPA00 perfect for the winter I love these boots the feel comfortable and fit good. I love the design and how the feel on my feet when I walk in them
B003ELOZSU It's mostly a great boot I like the boots, they are stylish and warm. I noticed you have to make sure that everything is lined up and snug when you lace them up or you feel a draft through the lacing. Long socks are a must! I also notice the back of the heel, where the waterproof rubber reaches up to - I can feel it against the back of my foot. It doesn't hurt but so far I haven't worn the boots all day either.
B003ELOZSU love the boots great boot, toasty, very comfortable and stylish.  Order your true size. They may feel a little snug when you first get them, but they will 'soften' up, and it's no fun when your heel comes out of place every time you walk.
B003EO8PCE Timberlands I have taken these boots on 5 hiking trips and they still feel great.  I used to get blisters trying to hike in Florida with tennis shoes.  I switched to using Timberland's and will not ever go back to just sneakers.  Even after a 5 hour hike, they still feel good on my feet.
B003EO8PDS Comfortable, but not that rugged... These boots look, feel, and hold up great, except for two things: one of the brass catches for the laces popped out the second week I had them, and the fiber starts popping up after a day or two. You can trim them down, but I expected better from Timberland.
B003EV5QDS Soft leather,well constructed and super comfortable. No break-in needed. Walked 3.5km. the 1st.day wearing them. felt wonderful Soft leather,well constructed and super comfortable. No break-in needed. Walked 3.5km. the 1st.day wearing them. Felt wonderful. The look and feel $$$. Worth every penny!!!
B003EV5QDS Timberland Men's Earthkeepers City Chukka Good looking boot.Super comfortable,they feel like moccasins.Good for the trail or for work at the office.I chose the wheat,bottom part was a little light in color for me.I used mink oil which darkened and protects it.Sizes run large.
B003NUQWY2 Great boot, but wish it had more I searched online for a boot that looked nice and read reviews for product quality,durability, feel, etc. Just got them today and if i could just ramble off a list of things about this shoes that i found.timberland does run a half size largerboot feels a little thin and light, but pretty sturdywish they was more padding/ gortexbut the price is great, and like everyone else is saying. these boots all sell at retail stores for around 30$ more. so ya thanks amazon
B003NUR6CE Solid Work Boot The internal metatarsal guard takes a bit of getting used to, but these boots are surprisingly comfortable after 12+ hours on your feet. The lining on the inside of the boot has enough cushion that the boots do not feel like typical work boots. The soles are thick, and feel as though they will last for a long time while working around steel chips and hot slag.
B003TFEA5O Wonderful! My aunt has the same pair of boots and she told me that the calf area is a little tight so I was already aware of that. I love the boots though. They are comfortable and I feel like I can do a lot in them. Timberlands is a great shoe brand!
B003TFEA5O Great look and feel Love these boots.  Middle part (darker brown) is a suade that is lighter weight than the lighter brown leather, which I like - especially for the Fall before it gets really cold. Fit was just right in my usual size (9).
B003UFJCP6 Love these boots/shoes! When I first put these on they felt a little snug, especially for a wide. The high ankle was a little uncomfortable to me at first because I am not used to it, but after wearing for a while and breaking them in they feel great. I prefer thicker socks with these. My feet stay nice and toasty, which is great for winter. I got them in Wheat and they go great with jeans and about any top. These are a definite keeper. They are a little pricey but I find them to be worth it.
B003UFJCP6 Great shoes I really loved them, the leather is perfect, the color solid and rich, they are comfortable, but you may feel you need some extra support in the heel. The tip of the shoe lifts a little bit when one walks, but not much. They do not bother the ankle as I was afraid. They feel I little bit tied in the instep, but once you start walking they get loose and fit better, but you have to wait a while; however, I would not recommend them for people who need wider shoes. I bought 7.5 size, and they fit a little bit big. I bought this number because I have Timberland's boat siders and they are 7.5 and fit perfect, but for these boots, they should have been 7, but considering the width, as they are a little bit stretchy, 7.5 was a good choice.
B003V9A47Q Not comfortable at all. These boots look great and seem like they have a good build quality, but i could not wear these for more than 20 min at a time.  Unfortunately I wore them for a 10 hour work shift, and I have blisters.  Sizes do run small, I wear a 12 in Sketchers and ordered 13 and these felt ok but narrow at the toes.  My other complaint with these is the laces don't lace all the way up.  Above the top eye there is still about 2 inches of boot which makes it feel really loose and not very supportive.  Because of this, it would rub against my ankle and become very irritating, like a rash.
B003VIHLEG very soft, very comfortable These shoes are just one step up from bedroom slippers. They are so soft and comfortable they don't feel like you should be wearing them outside. But as far as driving shoes are concerned, I feel that they need to be stiffer. I drive a Mazda Miata and I don't feel comfortable with these shoes on. I wear them around the house as house slippers but not outside.
B003VMWQUG not bad I got these and they feel good. i don't know if i like how they look though. they are worth the price though.
B003VN3780 very hard leather overall the design is nice but the weak point is the shoes leather...  it is so hard.. don't really feel comfortable when i wear on.
B003VN3C6W cute but disappointing I have had a taller pair of all leather Timberland boots that I absolutely love, so I looked to Timberland when I was looking for a summer boot. I liked the idea of the leather/canvas combination. The quality is very nice, as expected (although I'm not convinced the strap is leather...). The boots are very comfortable right out of the box, true to size, but I really dislike the rubber sole. It is thin, and I can feel every stone if I wear them in the great outdoors! I like a heavier, chunkier sole/heel, so I ended up giving these to my mom and buying myself the 8R Harness Frye boots that I had been lusting over. They are just the ticket.
B003VN8K46 Comfort, comfort and more comfort I was determined to get these shoes when my local Atmosphere store could not get them for me, they had my size but not my colour choice. They have great support and feel like a sturdy and light hiking shoe. I wear bare feet in them so I don't know how they would feel with socks. They do not feel like a shoe thats needs socks. I bought them for a trip to Iceland where I want to be comfortable and have some sporty style. I am very happy with them.
B003WSZGOW Not sure about these The leather on these shoes is thick and they feel very sturdy.  I wear a very standard size 8M and I feel like the shoe length is too short.  The insoles are smooth and my foot doesn't feel secure in them.  The front strap seems to pinch a little as well.  I think these may be going back!
B0049N0O1Y Not comfortable after wearing...cheaply made...wrong choice NOT COMFORTABLE AFTER LONG PERIODS.  My feet actually began to hurt wearing these. I have many Timberland products and this boot I think they failed  on. I chose this over the Rocky AlphaForce boot.  Mistake. I actually tried these on inside my local sears and being they didnt have the wide size available, I ordered from amazon. These dont feel anything like the ones i tried on, especially after wearing a while. The leather is also cheap and these dont seem to be made as well my other Timberlands or the quality they're known for....I will probably go buy a pair of Rocky alphaforce boots...
B004FV5E7Y Fashion Hipster Although, I haven't wore them for a day or night out yet, I feel that they will be very comfortable and easy to meld into wardrobe in the Fall.  I like their look and comfort the most.  I was most delighted that Amazon keeps consumers in the loop when item is on wish list and the price drops or even increases.
B004H4WTRC Great Polo Bought three of them, they all feel true to size and last very long even after 10 washes.the materials are great - it's a pique.The collar does not fold as promised by Timberland.Highly recommended.
B004J2HSLY Dont feel as good as the other pair of GSR Timberline shoes I bought ? These are too hard and not as flexible of a pair of GSR slip ons  I just love but are about to wear out? Not sure what I did wrong in ordering?
B004J2HSLY Nice feel on my feet These feel better than the last pair of tennis shoes I bought. Real nice feel. One of them does dig into my foot in the tongue ares a bit but I think that will go away as they break in. All in all I am surprised that they feel so nice. Would by again.
B004J2HSLY Comfortable Shoes These feel great when walking. I replaced a worn out pair just like these. Will probably buy these again once the current ones are worn out.
B004J2LE2S Amazing comfort! I was a little hesident about purchasing shoes online. Its not something I would usually do as I like to make sure they fit and feel right.  This boot fits perfect and just as described. I have gone through many other hiking/work boots in the past and this is by far the most comfortable.  Great product, great price, and overnight shipping for $4.00. What more can you ask?
B004J2PCHG Great boot, awesome comfort I purchased Timberland boots before, and was disappointed with the comfort. These are great! They feel like slippers on the inside and the traction is phenomenal. Do your feet a favor this winter, and get them a pair of these boots!
B004J905EY TBoots I have purchased Timberland boots for years but this is the first time I have been dissappointed in the feel when I put them on.  This pair was not as comfortable as my previous experience with Timberland.  They feel uncomfortable when I wear them.
B004JZPRWS Top-notch footwear I'd never tried Timberland shoes before. Glad I did. This shoe is simply fantastic! Great looks, elegant, stylish, soft feel, and super comfortable. If only the outsole was a lug tread, then it would be perfect!
B004JZPRWS Great buy worth repeating I tried to cancel this order, but was unable to. I'm glad it happened that way, as these shoes look and feel great. The heel is just right, not too big but just enough for good support. They're dressy enough to wear with almost anything except a suit. I bought the light brown so got a fantastic deal compared to the even lighter brown ones and decided to grab the last pair in my size again for down the road. I walk my dog a lot and these do the job well. Give them a good brush every night, and they'll stay very nice for a while. don't throw away the inserts that come and use them and the shoes will for the most part keep their new shape a lot longer.
B004K26GMK Extremely Comfortable I was going to rate these 4 stars becuase after getting them I decided I really didnt love the rounded stitching on the toe but that is just cosmetic and has nothing to do with the quality or feel. I had to be fair and give it 5 stars. The boots are incredibly comfortable. I got them for the rainy/snowy days of commuting into the city where you still have to be in an office type environment. They look styling and they can definitely handle the weather. Again, I can't stress how comfortable they are for me. I wish I liked the style a bit more but that is all personal preference. Great boots overall, light and very comfortable. You won't be disappointed.
B004K66PAE They are well made, but not very comfortable I was very excited when these arrived. The material is amazing, well made. However when I tried them on, they were really tight, had to take the insoles out to be able to wear them.The sole although it appears it has good traction, becomes slippery when walking on wet surfaces, not great! The other thing I did not like is that they are  tall, 3in is not very comfortable to walk long distances.I only give it 3 stars because I feel I was misled to believe the boots were comfy and made for walking, which after 2km, I would say they are not.
B004K66PAE Beautiful, comfortable boot! These boots are really amazing. They are incredibly cute and make an otherwise ho-hum outfit pop. Best of all, they are SO comfortable. I have worn these shoes for hours walking around with my kids, and my feet feel great. No blisters or discomfort in any way. I'm thinking of buying a pair in another color, they are that great!
B004K66PAE Obsessed I bought this boot as a complete gamble. I've been searching for new black boots for quite some time, preferably a dressy boot. But I stumbled upon these and thought I would give them a try. I ordered Nine West Amrit boots because I already own a pair in brown and knew they fit. After trying these boots on side by side, I'm returning the NW boots and keeping the Timberlands. The platform is just enough to make you feel like you are walking on clouds without making you feel like a giant. The heel is chunky enough to distribute any possible heel pain. These are definitely casual though.....jeans only. The search continues for some dressy boots but I have a feel Timberland will be my go-to casual boot from now on!
B004K66PAE Worth every penny These boots feel great, look great, and I feel so pleased with buying three colors !!! You cannot go wrong with this high quality boot that will last many years. These will be my go to boots be it jeans,or skirts I can't wait for fall!
B004KQ0VXG comfortable, elegant, sturdy combination is a winner I have looked for boots for 3 winters and not found any that a) fit and b)that I liked.  So here it is - a  winner for me.  Wide enough across the toe and stable even with the height.  Love the grippy souls - I wear these in cold temperatures and that means it can be wet and sometimes icy.  So to be able to wear something this elegant with a heel and feel like I am not going to slip and fall or walk around all gingerly just makes sense to me.  Nice one Timberland.  Thanks!Timberland Women's Stratham Heights Knee-High Boot
B004KQ4IWG GREAT FIND! THese are the most comfortable boots I have had in a long time! Not only do they feel great, the look fantastic! I love this shade of brown- it goes with almost anything and the leather is soft yet looks like it could withstand anything! I couldn't be happier with these high quality boots!
B004L32PFU Sustainable Comfort in a Rugged Boot The Earthkeeper boots are made of eco-friendly materials that look and feel great.  The inside is soft with good waterproof insulation and a comfort sole that protects your foot.  For a rugged boot they are surprisingly light.  The construction quality seems very high; after wearing for a few weeks it seems like they would last for years.
B004L3BFK6 Love these boots These boots are stylish and comfortable. I get compliments on them all the time. They have a rugged look and feel, and are comfortable to wear for long periods of time. They are not too heavy. They are very easy to get on and off. Note: not a hiking boot, so if you're looking for something for the trail, these are not the answer, but are great for any casual occasion when you want to step it up from sneakers.
B004LKX9HQ Prompt service!!!! Boots arrived before expected, which is excellent!Boots look great and seem well made! They do run small. I normally wear an 8w so i ordered 8.5m they feel very snug and just the right lenght...if i keep i could only wear thin socks...still deciding
B004LLSV5U Hard to put on.... I bought these boots a while back and I honestly haven't worn them yet because they're so hard to put on! The boot is hard around the ankel which makes it really hard to get my foot in in. And once I do get my foot in they fit fine but I'm not a fan of having to spend 10 mins just to put them on in the first place. I don't know if a bigger size would help with getting them on but I feel like once they were on they'd be too big. I wouldn't buy this style boot again without being able to try it on first :(
B004LLSV5U I feel awesome. These shoes are the bomb.  My legs feel like they're on a mini vacation to the bahamas.  I also feel like I'm standing up on the top of a mountain, all powerful and what not.  Mix of emotions, all good ones.  Buy these shoes.
B004LLSV5U Liked the look, but not quite the thing These are really nice looking boots. They fit well. And I feel the workmanship makes them a deal at the price. However, There isn't a "quick in" for these boots, and I feel that the laces were a little too short to fully open them up and slip the foot and leg in. It took me a while to get them on, and then I considered that I would need to be slipping them on and off frequently. So, with regret, I sent them back. I think what would be a great idea is to have the laces still, but also, a zipper. That way, you can adjust them to exactly the shape of your leg, but then zip and unzip them for quick on and off.
B004PNE720 2nd pair and loving them! This is the most comfortable work boot I have ever owned.NO break in period!!!! Take them out of the box and feel like you have been wearing for a long time. I will definitely order them again! I am tough on boots landscape construction.in and out of bobcat and truck and I have back issues from a car accident and love these boots.only draw back was soles wore out after 1 yr.of hard daily abuse.
B004PNE720 great boot Work 12 hrs on concrete and feet feel great.  Would buy again you can also get OEM insoles for them.
B004PZYM3C The Unbeatable and un-destroyable pair of boots Came on time, size fit like no other boots, I wear the hell out of it i can even sleep in it. if you are looking for everyday every task boot then this is it. I have a black one as well and I will keep on buy in them. Unfortunately this one has been discontinued and you can't find it anywhere. I asked everywhere but no luck. You can wear this on jeans or even dress pants they feel and look good. I highly recommend this  if you can find it
B004PZYM3C Disappointing I've owned Timberland Mt.. Washington's before. They were suede, lasted me a few years, but the suede started to look not as good as it did when they were new. I decided to purchase a burnished leather version of the same boot. As another reviewer posted, the top part of the boot seems like it's not leather. It look like it from afar, but when I wore them a few times I noticed the material seemed to pinch my feet in an uncomfortable manner. That got better after a while, but I'm still not convinced that this breathes as well as my previous suede pair of Mt. Washington's. My feet feel swampy, and perspire more in these. Also, they are slippery on wet surfaces. I like the look of these boots, but I feel like these are not up to par with other Timberland footwear.
B004Q01HZM A great, comfortable fitting boot. I really like these shoes.For the price they are a great value, rather sturdy, and very good looking.Keep in mind they are NOT as dark as they are in the photos, expect a less red and slightly lighter brown boot. The dark heel and toe cap do not remain dark for very long. Otherwise they look and feel great!They fit very well for their listed size, good with a thin dress sock or a thick hiking sock.
B004Q01HZM light This Timberland was a bit light on the overall look and feel in person. The soles could be replaced and the insole was ok, but compared to other boots by this company; it fell into the light category for myself. The Red Brown was not as orange as I had expected.
B004RQ1JH6 ESD Shoe I didn't realize these were steel toe shoes. That in itself made them feel larger then what I expected.  I did order an ESD insert and that made them feel OK.
B004RQ1JH6 great shoes Timberland Pro. That just about says all you need to know. They feel and look great. I'm very glad I got these and so are my feet. Lets you feet breathe a lot more than boots do.
B004S0PGBG Warm but sweaty Perhaps because of it's material, the sock could let your feet feel warmer however it brings you sweaty too, which feels bad.
B004ZCE19U Smooth Timbos!!!! These boots feel great and the color is cool!!! The extra cushion is a plus for long standing and moving around.The scuffs don't have a chance!!!!
B004ZD1A4S very comfortable work/hiking boot I've been wearing these for the last couple of months off and on and they are the first thing I go to outside of a running shoe I wear a lot that I put on if I'm working around the house or in bad weather.  They are very comfortable considering their bulk or general overall size compared to a casual running shoe.  The sole disperses weight and load and takes uneven terrain in stride protecting my foot from rock, roots, and dips in my path.  Very happy with these boots so far and would recommend although I most always wear an 8.5 size, I ordered a 9 because they seemed to run small when I tried them on in a store.  Thankfully I found them somewhere before ordering, otherwise, I think they would have been too small.  I really like the tread pattern and how it seemingly disperses the impact of walking and makes my feet feel more comfortable than the light weight running shoes with a gel sole make me feel.  I also like the extra material on the toe that protects from wear and what seems to be ventilating panels on the side of the boot.  It remains to be seen how comfortable they'll be in the summer in the humid south, but they sure are fine here in the winter.  I have had them out in the rain and feet stayed pretty dry, I could feel some dampness but I'm not even sure if these are Goretex or not.
B0052A6Z70 Very comfortable My Nike boots were making my feet hurt while wearing them and even when they were off. These Timberland boots feel like I'm walking barefoot. They are nice and light. My feet really feel protected. The zipper allows me to take them off and put them on between runs. I haven't had an opportunity to test for waterproof worthiness. I do recommend them for comfort and sturdiness.
B0052A79XY Nice boots & true to size The boots fit nicely and feel great. I thought they would wear more like a shoe, they don't, but I am still satisfied.
B0052A7F2Y Perfect Very comfortable shoes I never feel my feet tired when I wear them  and they also look nice I often receive compliment from my coworkers
B0052A7F2Y Don't buy for healthcare work Sad I bought these. Look good and feel good...but the straps didn't last but about a month.  The side (where the button strap hooks on) tore and could not be repaired.  Not a selection for healthcare work. Wasted cash.
B0056QVSQ8 I like them, but I want to like them more. I required a heel pad or small insole in order for these shoes to not ride uncomfortably under my ankle bone.That said, they're otherwise comfortable. I've had several 12-hour shifts in them, with the insoles in, and feel good. I have has lots of compliments on them, and I love the shiny snake/croc look.
B0056QW98E A little stiff but good for walking. Fit well but the upper part of the shoe is a little stiff. It may loosen with wear. Also not great for snowy side walks. They seem to accumulate snow on the bottom causing more slipping unless you stomp your feel a lot. I can walk around in them for hours without my feel getting tired but I won't wear them much in winter and in Wisconsin that's not very functional.
B0058SOEG0 So far so good I got these for dog walking and various occasionally wet situations. I walk on rocky dirt paths and flipflops were not cutting it any more. I needed more sure footing and wanted my feet to feel more protected yet I HATE wearing closed shoes and even worse I hate wearing socks so these seemed like a great in between. If I wear regular sneakers w/o socks it seems like they get gross really fast. These are more open and my feet stay cool. They are easy to get on and off without loosening yet stay on my feet. I can feel seems and such when I put them on and I worried they would give me blisters but I have walked about 6-7 miles and no blisters yet. I have not gotten them soaking wet yet, hopefully they keep their shape. They feel true to size to me, maybe slightly large. I usually wear a 9 but sometimes prefer 9.5 and since I have another pair of timberlands that are 9.5 I tried that first but they were too big. I exchanged for a 9 and they were perfect but nowhere near tight and there is a lot of give in them so stick to the smaller end of your size. My feet are average width, I think wider feet might do ok but narrow ones probably not.Update- I have now put ALOT of wear in these and still love them. As they have softened up it is harder to keep the heal straps cinched down but even when they loosen it is not as though my feet are gonna slip out or anything, just not as snug as they were. I washed them in the washing machine and they did great. I have gotten them completely wet on the boat and they did fine. I believe they are being discontinued so I just got a second pair and they are awesome.
B00590WN4C Comfy and stylish So far so good, I have a terrible time finding comfortable shoes and these feel great so far and fit true to size.
B00591UN4S So comfortable So the first time I wore them, there was a little rubbing, but definitely better than most flats. Since then, I have had nothing but comfortable walks with them. So cute, versitile, and just took a day to break them in. I ordered them in black as well - always had good experiences with Timberland. I feel like they'll last me a long time.
B005973U7Y PHENOMENAL. I am known for my wide collection of boots.  From mid brands like Steve Madden, to higher end Frye.  Nine West, Timberland, Harley Davidson, Bass and Co......and I once even tried Volatile (never again).Leather boots are an art, and few capture the elegance, wearability, and all around bad assery of these Timberlands.  Looking at the craftsmanship you can clearly tell these were designed by someone who loves boots.  There's decorative tonal stitching up the back, brass studs in the leather covered heel, and the buckles (need I say more).Never have I been so in absolute love with a pair of boots.  To say I am going to list pros and cons would be a lie in this love letter of a review.I've had these for a day, and I have worn them for only part of the day.  I have a wider foot, and these are comfortable enough to wear athletic socks -- as I am currently doing -- without any toe pinching.  This mere fact is almost unheard of when it comes to me in heeled boots.  YES, THEY ARE COMFORTABLE.  Extremely so.The lacing allows for a variety of calves to fit in them.  The buckled flap is probably my favorite feature, just because it adds to the magnificent little details.  It's even quiet when walking on pavement!!Another fantastic feature is the knit lining.  It almost looks like a berber carpeting.  So to the ladies out there who want to wear these against your bare skin during cold weather, you will stay WARMER.I cannot say enough things about them.  When I first put them on with skinny jeans, my boyfriend said, &#34;Damn, I am a lucky man.&#34; When I showed them to my best friend, she stated (perhaps in exaggeration) that she was drooling.  Ultimately it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks, it matters how you feel inside.  These boots make me feel like a damn super hero.  End of story.  Buy them.**I had them in the dark brown/black color, and they are gorgeous.  I can't imagine the lighter brown could be any less beautiful.  Buy them.  If you can't buy them here, find somewhere online where you can buy them.  I've been eyeing these things ever since they were $400.  Had I never got them, I wouldn't know what I was missing, but I truly feel like every woman needs a pair of boots that makes her feel fantastic.
B005A5YQ2S Don't feel Quite Professional I love these boots. They are light, comfy, and very stylish. However, I've had hiking shoes before, and these don't feel quite professional. &#34;Real&#34; hiking boots are more sturdy than these. These feel more like comfortable light basketball shoes. Just FYI.
B005A6B882 Very comfortable. They look great, feel great and are lightweight.  Priced properly for the quality built into this shoe.  Hardly tell I'm wearing them.
B005BWB2QI Good looking, just not feeling well The color of the shoes some deviation, I buy from time to time. Sizes are a little too big, force can still wear. Just didn't feel comfortable
B005BWB2QI Comfort Superb comfort, am able to walk around, stand for long minutes and feel no discomfort or fatigue. Great pair of shoes
B005BWB2QI Give them a week and they become part of your feet. I have in the past enjoyed Sperry Top-siders as my casual summer footwear.  As I need to replace my current pair, I looked at the Sperry offerings and held off buying due to price and frankly concerns that they are not as good as they used to be.  I saw these Timberland Boat shoes being offered for roughly half the price as the Top-siders and it got my attention.  I have used Timberland for casual boots and, work boots and hiking boots in the past and have always been happy with their products.  Pulled the trigger on this purchase and have not regretted it at all.  Excellent quality in look and feel.  As with any quality leather product they were a bit stiff when putting them on but within a few days they started to feel really good.  I have had them over a week and a half now and absolutely love the way they feel on my feet.  I am probably going to go for a second pair in another color.
B005BWB2QI it's not so good it's not so good as most people said. today is my first day to wear it. it's so stiff that make my ankle painful. maybe somedays later i will feel better?
B005BWB2QI Very comfortable Comfortable walking does not make you feel tired even though he had a large aperture of a few, but overall I liked
B005BWB2QI Walk effortlessly! The brand is good and rugged. Packaging is fine and all description as expected.Do not forget that Chinos or Jeans with a nice Polo top makes you feel yuppy.
B005FM5Q3O Cute but not so comfy on tender little feet My son really does not like the way that these feel on his heels but he tolerates wearing them for the rocky beach near our house.  Very nice thought using foam because they dry so much faster than the Keens he used to have, but he'll probably have to go back to another woven sandle next year for the comfort factor.
B005FM5Q3O Very Comfortable for your very Active Boy My son absolutely loves these shoes.  Its good to get it a  little bigger so they can wiggle their toes and feel comfortable..  They are quite secure since there is an adjustable strap in the back so your boy can wear them for 2 summers. I got these shoes since they are semi covered in the front so his toes are not exposed and safe while he rides his bike and sometimes tries to brake with his feet/toes...Open toe shoes would probably be bleeding by now.  They are very comfortable and always look like new.. I highly recommend them.  Lucas says they feel like sneakers...
B005GY98C6 Nice and lite! These shoes feel like slippers.  It almost feels like I have no shoes on.  I just got them, but they feel durable as well.  These are perfect for walking around town and looking stylish.  I love them!
B005GYQ4KU Quite the nice boot, but I feel it should more so be called a shoe. I like this &#34;boot&#34; for it has office appeal, can be worn on the streets and I got a few compliments on it. What I am not fond of is the bottom of the shoe. As the picture shows in the preview, there isn't much to any traction what so ever. It's basically smooth so luck be with you if you use these as an actual boot for I have and gone into a office with the usual nicely polished and slicked floor and even after wiping my feet I feel like I am at a ice skating ring.Overall, I rather like the shoe, but feel it being called a boot is more so for the style and warmth than what it is really capable of when it comes to movement. If that makes sense.
B005I6RZXG look and feel good I said they fit as expected because they fit as I expected them to... it's pretty self explanatory. It does not require am essay to elaborate on the initial statement.
B005I6RZXG Pleased I like them.  I've only had them for a few weeks but I feel like they have helped my heel spur that I had by putting more of my weight towards the front of my feet. They encourage a good arch and I feel like they encourage good posture also.  Negatives: feet get hot because they are leather I assume and the outside was scuffed up almost immediately.  Not sure if I'm supposed to put sine kind of protectant on them to prevent this. They are very nice looking and great protection from falling objects and slipping.
B005I6YJW6 They suck They feel like Frankenstein ski boots. I just though it was the feel of new shoes only because my old shoes were just beat, but they do suck like I initially thought. They do NOT breath!!! Why can't they produce a good composite safety shoe that can breath. These hurt my back, and kill my feet. I am on concrete all day, and my dogs are screaming to remove these at the end of the work shift.They look nice, they don't hurt my toes, regardless they fail. Safe maybe from getting your toes squished, but cause injury in the long run...ironic?
B005I6Z4JI Fit well out of the box. These boots are comfortable right out of the box. If you leave a little slack in the laces and over a short period of time they improve even more. I did not feel like I was wearing planks of wood as some other brands tend to feel like when they're new and these did not give me one blister - be it on the heel or on and around the shin at the top lace. I think i'd give a better rating in time, I just need to do at least 3 winters with them ( haven't really done the first one yet) and I haven't really worked in any soup, mud or anything really wet yet. My best review would be when it's time to retire them. Bottom line. I'd recommend them.....
B005I6ZCYU Super for Work! Excellent!!! Rugged, COMFORTABLE, easy to put on and tie laces...I'm 64 so that helps:). Great construction feel and design. I am a Field Constuction Manager for Lighting Company and sometimes up on ladder a lot besides all the walking. Appreciate the cushioning and no slip surfaces!
B005J4C8Y8 Extremely comfortable light hiking shoe These are great light duty hiking shoes. So comfortable and supporting. They are perfect for city sightseeing and walking long distances. You don't even feel them on your feet. Pack them up and travel to your favorite city and walk for miles.
B005LCQYYS Vintage, casual style with good built quality But it when it's on sale, have not wear it a lot. But tried it and feel quite nice, the style is quite comforting.
B005LCQYYS Casual good looks. These are light and comfy right out of the box, and feel like they'll wear nicely - but be aware the soles are thin with not a lot of bounce so you'll feel the pavement pounding if you aren't used to a more minimalist shoe. Some other designs in the Earthkeeper line have the spongy anti-fatigue sole, these don't. They'd get 5 stars if they did.I liked them enough to get a different color pair elsewhere - at 8.5 and white ones here at a 9 - and they are exactly the same - they fit/feel the same and the inserts are exact (although for some reason only the 9 has a leather heel pad - see the inside pictures of the different colors). Reviews of these shoes seem to contradict about running either large or small. Perhaps it's labeling, perhaps it's the natural material being inconsistent.
B005MI875U Great Boots I love these boots. I wish they had came in a wise width though. I will break them in good & hopefully they'll feel better. They're not way too tight for comfort. Just a tad but. I think a wise would've been perfect. Overall a great boot.
B005MI875U Nice Boots I am really pleased with these boots. They have the look & feel of a tennis shoe while giving the benefits of a boot.
B005ZFBLTY i wanted to like this very much! It is a cute and comfortable shoe initially. I've had the Timberland Pro Renova and absolutely loved it so much that i wore it out. I thought i'd try this and was hoping to feel the same way about it, but after about a month, I developed pain in one of my feet that was too intense to deal with. I changed shoes and the pain dissipated. Tried again, and same thing happened. Sadly enough, they are not for me.
B006T2YLPS I wear these everyday This is my third pair. I wear them everyday in mud, snow, dirt, and dusty conditions. I've stepped in puddles up to an inch from the top of the boot and have been completely dry. They feel like sneakers, yet can handle all-terrain abuse.
B006T2Z940 These Are A Great Pair of Boots These look and feel manly.  They're rugged and very comfortable.  Can be worn to the office or a night out on the town.  I would highly recommend these boots for casual wear(even though they're marketed as work boots).  I'm sure they would feel great in a work environment as well.
B006T307QE The shoe is wide enough to incert additional padding My feet while standing all day on concrete and ladders feel what is beneth the soles. I was able to incert another pair of padding in the boot and my feet feel like walking on air.2 thumbs up.
B006T307QE My favorite pair of work boots. They come with two pair of laces so if your like me, and don't like the girly looking red ones, change em out. They look good and feel good.
B006T30U8E Its TB. Way confortable. I am very pleased with every aspect, looks, feel. Highly recomended and true to size, just a bit pricie...
B006T30U8E Timberland Rocks! I've bought Timberland boots several times now and will continue to do so. They are the most comfortable boot right out of the box. They feel like I've been wearing them for months from day one.
B006T31UWE Timberland Pro Men's Barstow Lace up Fashion Sneaker These are by far the most confortable boots I every bought. I bought many other boots even the very high dollar ones and this boot beats it hands down. They are correct sizing, they feel great and the price is very affordable. I sent away for boots four times, trying them on and sending them back. This boot by far is the winner. I am going to purchase another pair just so I have them on hand . They also look great with blue jeans.
B006T32HGC Boots seem very nice This is Timberland's newest line. They appear to be well made, felt very comfortable first time I tried them on. Size runs true. I really like the appearance and feel. Only time will tell how well they hold up under tough working conditions.
B006T32HSK High top slippers ? First thought after wearing these for about 20min was " These feel like plush, high top slippers ! "Comfort, Plush, warmth and look to be rugged enough to last.  Used Timberland before, but these are probably the most comfortable boots I've owned.
B006T32WNK The best working boots Very comfortable for me to wear it the whole day ...because i working in marine line it feel very good without feel pain after long hours wearing boots......thank you ..
B006T92ANG Favorite socks!! I bought these and the gold toe brand that has tabs too.  Even though i like my gold toe ones i like these even more.  Very comfy to wear around the house!!  Very well made!! they feel like they will last forever!! I wear a size 10 womens shoe&#8230;.finally a sock that will stay on my feet
B006T92ANG comfy socks!!! I wasn't sure how these would feel on but they are very comfy and my feet feel great!!! would buy again
B006ZGV4C6 I am absolutely AMAZED! These boots fit even better then I expected, I am so very happy, I feel in shock...lol! I totally recommend these boots :)
B006ZGV9LM Wonderful! I bought these along with a pair of Frye Carmen boots and the Timberland were 1/2 the cost and three times the quality!  They are so comfy and have grip soles on them so you don't feel tipsy or sound too loud. I would buy these again and again.  They fit my feet and calves perfect.  They seem to go with everything...dress up, down, walk all day.... love em.
B006ZGV9LM Sexy Boots As a rule I never wear heels but am a sucker for sexy timberlands. These boots look and feel amazing. Being the least graceful person you've never met, I haven't fallen once. People are holding doors and pulling chairs.
B006ZGV9LM fantastic I feel like I am flying when I wear them! I was lucky to buy them discounted. Great quality. I recommend them! But colours is not was you see in the picture.
B006ZGZ9P4 Nice boots These Timberland boots are great for everyday wear.  I have flat feet and walk hard on the heels of my feet...these boots feel sturdy.  They run a size smaller than usual, but they fit nicely and feel good on my feet.  I wish they made these in a dark brown as well
B006ZITF7U Comfort and style. I took in to account many of the other reviews and ordered this timberland rudston mid boot, (in brown), a half size larger than I usually wear and it's amazing! I wore it for a full 8 hour day right out of the box and it was so comfortable that I came back to Amazon and ordered another pair of Timberland boots I had been eyeing.The craftsmanship is outstanding, the materials are top notch. Really, the look and the feel of this boot are fantastic. LOVE!!
B006ZJ2ZUI REALLY LIKE THEM (Not ideal for driving in) I really like the rain boots especially since people were not aware they are rain boots.  They fit as expected.  I were a 9.5 and bought a size 9 as recommended and do not have a problem.  They are not ideal for driving in though as I had to get use to the feel and I was in heavy traffic so the shaft became irritating on the back of me leg from switching back and forth from the brake to the accelerator.
B006ZJ39IA perfect fit I am on my second pair of these,they feel like you have worn them forever! they are cool enough to wear in the summer,warm for snowy winters and totally waterproof. this could be the only boot you ever need!
B006ZTKWSU Nice out of the box I like Timberland's stiff bottoms. A lot of other hiking shoes I tried had very flexible bottoms and were just awful. These have a hard heel on them, and don't feel squishy. They feel nice and snug when laced up and quite comfortable. I would say that they feel a bit warm, but in the colder weather that will be a benefit. I'm impressed with the fit and finish of these nice shoes. They are well made and have a quality look and feel. I will look forward to some good hikes in these.
B006ZTTV1O nice boots The boots are comfortable and casual. Can wear them anytime and they feel good. I like the earth keepers brand I think I will be purchasing other styles as well.
B006ZUFL30 BUY THEM!!! I'm amazed at the comfort of these boots!!  The Vibram soles make them almost feel like a walking shoe.  I haven't owned them very long so I can't speak for their durability, but I've been using them hard since I did get them and so far, so good.
B006ZVT856 Very comfortable This boot is not the type of boot I typically buy. I read the reviews and chose it over others that more fit my typical style. I am glad I purchased them. They are true to size and my feet feel good even after wearing them all day on a hard surface. My only slight complaint is that whatever the material the upper is made of scuffs easily.
B006ZVT856 Super comfortable low top. I couldn't be happier with this boot.  It is as comfortable as any pair of sneakers I have. I feel like I could run laps in these even though they are pretty tough boots. The low top is also great in the summertime when full 6.5&#34; Timbs would be too hot to wear.
B0070SHSGE Seems to be Timberland Quality I've worn the same Timberland shoes almost daily for nine or ten years.  They still look and feel good but getting some wear and tear.
B0070SPKZU Stylin', Comfort and Fit !!! First, a little about me: I'm an Old Fa#t, and I'm VERY hard to please. I used to wear Fry's back in the 70's. Having gotten old, I've also gotten Gout and boots are almost impossible to wear. Not only that, I have  small, VERY wide feet making it VERY difficult to find a decent boot or shoe. I live where it snows so I NEED a good boot. I came across these Timberlands and IMMEDIATELY fell in LOVE with the way they look. I tried them on and.... well, at least I could get them on. I've never owed a pair of Tims so I researched them on the net and one reviewer said they broke in really fast. So I took a chance and went back and bought them.I wore them home and could feel how they were molding to my feet RIGHT AWAY!!! I would say they took hours or maybe days to break in. Not only that, but they have this thing called Fatigue Support or something like that, and HEY!! The damn thing WORKS!!!I always wondered what the Big Stink was about Tims, now I know - the LOOK great and they FEEL great.Tom Waits says, 'If you want to change how you feel, change your shoes.' I couldn't agree more. In my Tims, I am one Stylin' fool!!
B0070SU44C not impressed the leather is very thin.  It's not full-grain.  When putting them on I often feel like I'm going to tear them.  Worn them for about 40 hours now and I can say I won't buy another pair.
B0070SVW3Y meh I am generally a fan of Timberland, but not all Timberlands are created equal. These are pretty stiff out of the box; they might be nice after breaking in, but these started out too loose and I didn't feel like trying a different size.
B007134C30 Grandson was pleased These shoes were given as a Christmas present. My grandson is wearing them and they look and feel good. Excelent buy/
B0072NQIZ4 Great Feel I would have given these shoes a 5 star review except for the fact that they squeak loudly on the floors of the hospital I work in.  Otherwise, they are a great fit (a little loose in the heel) and they are not too heavy to wear for 12 hours.
B0072NQIZ4 Great work shoes! My feet feel so much better now since I purchased these.  I wish I hadn't waited so long to get them.
B0072NQIZ4 Great new find for me ! I can't wear Danskos  any more -I have wide feet and I' m flatfooted. These feel like slippers -good support and less expensive then competitors.I'm hooked
B007782V1O nice pair of boots I got these boots for my wife. We were a little worry about measurements, as she needs 11 regular in some brands, 11w on others, and neither fit on other cases. She was also a little worry that the wide version will be less feminine. But happily, the boots fit and feel confortable, and they look petite and feminine. I'm happy she got a pair of these babies, as I was starting to feel a little guilty, for I have owned a few Timberlands already and I'm planning on buying another pair this month. :-)
B007784JI2 Comfy Comfy boot, nice metal loops for the laces, cause plastics tend to break. I feel like George Costanza with my Timberlands, Im a full 2 inches taller.
B007TGA2JM FAVORITE WORK BOOTS As a network installer... were required to wear jeans and a work polo tee.. doesn't leave much room for fashion... these boots make me feel like a HGTV renovation host! hahaAND they are so comfortable! Walking around all day in these and my feet feel GREAT! As soon as they go on sale again i'm getting them in the tradition timberland wheat color!
B0080CAD02 Just What I Was Looking For These socks are comfortable, with a cottony feel that's just right. My only regret is that it doesn't come in more color combinations.
B00828VKFQ a little too long I just got my shoes yesterday so today is this first day Im wearing them and so far i have noticed that they are a little too long. they fit great every where else but because they are too long my foot slips forward and then the arch is right on my heal. I dont think I can get a smaller size, I feel like that would make them too small in other areas so I think if I put some kind of insert in, they will be great. they are defiantly not pretty, they are loud when you walk and squeak on linoleum which is most of the floors in this doctors office.
B00828VKFQ Walking on air I stand for 10-12 hours a day as a chef and no matter what chef clog I buy, my feet are always tired and achy and my knees and lower back feel the pain as well. I was so surprised to see that Timberland made a chef clog and knew I had to try it... Especially after I just bought two pairs of a lower quality brand, and I already wore them out after three weeks.These shoes are awesome! They fit so nicely and my feet, knees and back feel no pain! I've been wearing them for a few weeks now and they still feel great. I saw a few other reviews about the shoes squeaking, but mine do not. I'm going to buy another pair so that I can rotate them between days. I am such a happy camper wearing these shoes.
B0083IUGO6 Great Boots! I really love these boots. I was looking for a winter alternative for business casual other than oxfords in case I ever had to walk in weather and these fit the bill great.Timberland never skimps on quality, and these are no different. The boots have a soft suede feel with think accurate stitching and a beefy tread. Foot bed is comfortable for hours of standing. The sides of the interior have no additional padding, but these fit my feet like a glove with no breaking in needed. I wore them for a full work day right out of the box with no problems with rubbing. The sizing feels dead on. If you have a wider foot or hammertoes, you may want to adjust the sizing because these are definitely low profile, especially in the toe area.If I had to complain about something, it'd have to be the laces. They are real thin and can slip and loosen as you walk, so you have to be sure to double knot them and tug on them to make sure you're good to go. I might replace them with something that will stay put better, but that's minimal. For around 100 bucks, these are a great buy that I'm hoping will last me a few years.
B008AH77XS Too big, do not like the material or the feel of the faux fur Can't fault the shipping or packaging, it was perfect.The jacket looked really nice in picture but we thought the item itself was not as nice.Did not like the materiasizer the feel of the faux fur. Sorry butit feels more like a knock-off than an actually timberland.Didn't fit my 7yr old, simply too big.Wanted to return but shipping simply cost too much to send from Singapore.not sure what to do with it yet.
B008B5XIEG Works great My daughter has been using this case to travel back and forth to college.  It's got a great feel, and has so far been bulletproof.  It's just a very solid feeling case.
B008M27754 Good but not great The fit is a bit large but quite comfortable. I question how it will feel after a full day of wear as the sole is not very cushiony. I wonder if ordering it in a regular width might have been a better ides but it should have been sized better to wear without socks.
B008M27UHO The rightones for me The shoes are exactly My siZe, i feel very confortable with them. Very light and no break in required. Love them.
B008M2MGSC Requires a brutal break-in period These are some great boots. They look really good and they're tough as nails. They feel like the will last forever.Some things I would like to point out:These boots are much more of a light grey than they show in the picture. The color matches very well to the blue shoelaces.Get ready for a rough break-in. These were the first things to make my feet bleed since I went through boot camp. Once you get them broke in though, they are very comfortable.The sole is incredibly thick and rigid. This is probably a good thing for most, but I have difficulty driving my manual car with these because I can't get any feeling on the peddles at all.Overall, these are great boots. I just had a few niggles that might be good to point out to other prospective buyers.
B008M2OCP2 dont step on a stone. The bottom is so thin that if you step on a rock you will feel it! It may even puncture if its a sharp rock.
B008M2OCP2 a step above the rest... Simply put: these are great shoes.  I have 3 pair- one in every color now.  They are comfortable, stylish (in a casual way) and well constructed.  They slip-on easy enough yet my feet never feel like they're going to slip out.  The sole is low profile and very durable; solid but gives just enough not to feel stiff.  My feet are on the wider side and these fit perfectly.  I paid full price for the first pair I bought at a Timberland store- close to $100- and still thought they were a deal.  With the discounted price on Amazon purchasing them in additional colors was a no-brainer.  Very pleased.
B008M2P490 Great look and feel.  Comfortable all day standing and walking around. I take these out of the box, and am super confused at the way these are laced up, not sure if they are just for looks out of box or if someone at Timberland was completely on drugs.  But after I re-laced them my normal size 12 shoe ran a tad tight but I'm sure they will stretch a bit over time.  I've been complimented a few times already on these sort of interesting looking shoes, or well maybe I'm just complimenting myself in my head.  Either way these are super comfy shoes, nice comfy sole and super stylish, get them.
B008M2ZFQW sonewhat large I am 9.5 but i feel 9 would be right for timberland.  Any other 9.5 fits well.  Would you please do something about it?
B008M2ZFQW Comfortable I really like the way these fit on me. My toes don't get cramped at all while walking and the fit isn't too loose. They feel a little more loose than my last pair of slip on shoes, but I think it's a good thing because the shoe does not wiggle around at all. The design is very good.Unfortunately, there are few sensible color options for this shoe. I wanted to get them in brown but the turquoise trim is too off putting. I wish they didn't do that.I have not done any extensive walking in them yet so I can not comment on their durability, but they seem like they should hold up.
B008N6YJKA Very beautiful and comfortable. These look very elegant despite the sporty color. They have a very nice buckle detail with logo. They feel very comfortable and would be good for wider foot. They might fit too loosely for narrower feet.
B008VPU0GK Nice fit I ordered a size 12 and these boots fit perfect. They feel light on my feet, have a solid feel to them, and I think they look great. I can't comment on the durability other than to say that they feel and look new after wearing them 3 days a week for 4 months.
B008VPU0GK great boots I bought these for my boyfriend for work and he loves them! He says theyre light and not too clunky but still feel heavy duty
B008VPU0GK Mildly small Just a pinch smaller than what I thought.  But overall, great fit/feel and comfortable.  Have yet to wear them in the rain, but feel like they will do the trick.
B008ZBP7M2 Lovely shoes I asked for  size 8 1/2 but suspect I am a 9.A bit too tight initially but after a few days they fitted well enough.Could have stretched them at a local shoe shop but not really necessaryAnd they are very comfortable - can scarcely feel I'm wearing anything.
B008ZBPGFU feel the cloud Just a comfortable slip on. No, really a great feet feel shoe, its like walking on air from the clouds.
B008ZBPGFU Comfortable and worth buy The inner sole so comfortable and size feel nice to me. Really a good buy for the price I got.
B0090B8L0Q look great, feel great Super nice :) they both look and feel great, i have had severalcomments about how nice they look , buy them
B0090JZSMW Super comfortable These shoes feel like slippers!  My only regret is that my wardrobe at the moment is more sporty than casual and I don't get to wear them as much.
B0090X4EJQ These shoes are just okay Not the quality I expect from Timberland. I like the way they look and the uppers are nice, but after a couple of weeks of wear, I'm contemplating replacing the inner soles. In regard to the outer sole, while soft and flexible, they are too soft for driving. The sole actually deforms and wraps around the pedals making my foot feel very uncomfortable; it's like driving barefoot.
B0090X4EJQ These fit like a glove and feel like a cloud. this is my third pair of Timberland slip on loafers/shoes and I love each and every one of them.  They look nice and feel great, and in the end isn't that all you can hope for when you purchase a pair of shoes without trying them on first.
B00911VXT6 Very Good I like this shoes but I was dissapointed with the size. Fits loose, I feel like if your foot will go out the shoe.
B0091DVSEO i love it Very good ventilation in summer dress will not feel hot, it is non-slip soles, humid summer, they also do not have to worry too much, it seems that you can wear for a long time, but also the more popular styles
B0091QISZS frankenstein I wanted a slip on that would be like a nice pair of walking shoes, I bought these and a pair of Rockports on sale at the same time. I bought them online because if I ever find something in a store where I can try shoes on it seems they never have the size I need. The Timberlands are not the shoe I wanted. They are clunky and do not at all feel like any other Timberlands I have had before. When I first put them on the first thing I thought was that they felt and looked like Frankenstein shoes. The Rockports feel much better and look better too. I'll be walking the dog in them and might wear the Timberlands on Halloween.
B0098X5D98 Timberland PRO Women's!! This is my 3rd pair of timberland PRO Womens and I love the way they make my feet feel......ture to size, very comfortable,choices of colors, and a great price. With my job I am always on my feet,and I can truly say I've found a great comfortable foot wear......I would recomended Timberland PRO Womens!!........
B0098X5DAM timberland pro are great shoes they make my feet feel wonderful.  they fit perfect.  Working in the kitchen with water, grease, the slip resisitant sole keeps me on my feet.  This is my second pair and will buy another when these wear out.
B009DL0YD0 Great Fit I work in a kitchen with lots of spills, and I do not slip as I did in my other clogs.  The feel is very comfortable and can last hours in them and not have sore feet.  they seem durable so far, only been 4 weeks.  I like the look, feel, and traction I get from the clogs. Very happy I chose timberland for clogs.
B009R8KH18 THE BEST INSOLES I HAVE EVER PURCHASED. I know these are for boots. but, I need insoles for my PF Flyers. the insoles are comfortable. however, they were falling apart. so I found these and now I feel like I'm 6'6 6'7. (I'm 6'5) you feel taller and they're springy. comfortable. I used my other insole as a trace and cut around it and man these are feel good on my feet and not as sweaty. buy them even if you have duck feet and wear PF Flyers.
B009R8KH18 Excellent replacement for my poor old boots' worn out insoles - they feel like new again. These replaced the completely worn out insoles in my Timberland White Ledge boots. The boots are about 3 years old and the insoles were so flattened out that I was noticing a lot more shock to my feet when walking and discomfort in my knee when I wore them. With these replacement insoles in them they feel like new boots again, even with most of the tread worn down. Wish I'd thought to replace the insoles a lot sooner.I got the XX-Large 14/15 M US sized insoles for my size 14 boots. I lined the heels up with my original inserts and traced around with a sharpie and cut them to size with a pair of household scissors. The heel and arch area lined up perfectly and only the ball and toe area had to be trimmed. The fit is perfect after trimming.I couldn't find anything locally big enough for my big feet and what I did find was either cheap inserts or orthotics and all I wanted to do was restore my boots back to their more-or-less original condition - these fit the bill perfectly.
B009R8KH18 Great insoles bought these to replace the old ones in my timberland pro wellington pull on boots.they are great and make my year old boots feel like brand new!
B009R8KH18 Great replacement insole I purchased these to fit inside a pair of Timberland waterproof oxford shoes - NOT boots, and they fit perfectly with a simple trim to size. Made the shoes feel like new again, added some comfort, and stay in place well. Original inserts were rubber and were disintegrating. Easy to trim to size with heavy scissors.
B009R9EJ3E A very comfortable insert These are very comfortable and really are fatigue resistant. they give my workboots an almost tennis shoe like feel. I had to trim them to fit with a pair of scissors but that was to be expected. The real test for an item like this is durability. I'm wondering how they will feel 6 months from now but so far they are great.
B009R9EJ3E Pretty comfortable More comfortable then original sole. Original is OK. But after switching it with this sole I do feel a slight difference for the better
B009R9EJ3E great comfort came in quality packaging, they look great and feel great, I removed old insoles and traced outline onto these with a sharpie, they are thicker then the factory insoles in my Carolina metatarsals, make my 10 hour shifts at the plant much easier on my feet
B009R9EJ3E Great buy, worth the money. They make my feet feel great. Definitely worth the money. All you have to do is trim them to size.
B009R9EJ3E Added more comfort to my boots After I received these, I could not fit them into my  boot exactly, so I had to trim the edges.  That was very easy with a scissor.  After I trimmed them, they fit perfectly.  The first day waling on them was a joy.  The boots feel so much better now..
B009TAVOHK nice boots I haven't even tried them yet but they feel Ok. My only concern is that they are a bit larger than expected but it's not a big deal. The quality seems to be good and I decided to buy'em since I had a pair before and they were great and very comfortable.
B00AQNNZ80 Good look Love the smooth leather feel. Almost looks like a sneaker but much more durable. I should have gotten a size bigger than what I requested.  My son seems to just fit the boot with about 2 inches of growing room.  I like them took much to send back.  He is comfortable in them for now.
B00AR58UIC Boot just okay Size was too big, did not like the feel of the boot and did not like the material used it didn't feel like timberlands
B00ARIVHXO Size matters! I waited a good 3 weeks for these shoes and theyre comfy. The only problem is that it's supposed to be size 6.5 and they feel like 7.5 or even 8s. Other than that they are warm andi really like how you can wear them long or folded! And a good price for tims!
B00AW7M97S These boots are my new best friend I ordered both the 9 m and the 8.5 w and the 8.5 w fit perfectly. I wore them two days in a row, all day at work, and I had no blisters, no discomfort. They are gorgeous, go with everything, and feel just right. I am SO happy. Thanks, Amazon, also for a price I could afford. HUGS
B00AW7M97S Nice Great sturdy boot. They fit a little tighter than expected but I'm sure the leather will feel more comfortable with time. I expected more of a tread on the bottom as well.
B00AW7M97S Very stylish. These boots are sooooo comfortable.  They are a little more reddish then brown, but they feel so good.I'm keeping them.
B00AW7M97S gorgeous They feel snug and stiff at the beginning ....I've had them on for 2 hours and they are softening up.  True to size.  Worth the cost.
B00AW7M97S Great boots, slightly slender in the foot I got these for my gf, and they are of great quality leather.  They also look really nice.  My gf has a normal width foot and insisted I get the normal width shoe, but I feel it was a little tight even for her and would recommend the wider version like the others have recommended, unless you have really slender feet.
B00AW7M97S I feel like these should have been packaged with with bandages and painkillers. I was really excited about these, especially since all the reviews said they were so comfortable. My poor, blistered heels are not happy with these boots. The size is fine, but they're SO stiff. The leather doesn't really bend with your foot as you're walking, so it's like wearing shoes made of wood (especially if you're walking up or down a hill). I'm going to make a good-faith effort to break them in and see if they soften up a little - the boots are obviously good quality, so if they're not painful in a few months I'll update my review.
B00AW7M97S Surprsingly comfortable I don't always have great luck with ordering shoes online, so these were a pleasant surprise.  They look great, they're really well-made, and they feel good on my feet.  I ordered these because I'm tall and my jeans are rarely long enough after a washing or two - but these boots make that a non-issue.  I roll up my jeans to the top of the boots, and jean length no longer matters.
B00AW8HF9Y Designed with zombies in mind When I walk in these shoes, I feel like I'm wearing two casts. They are incredibly stiff-- not wearable at all. I wonder who at Timberland okay'ed these shoes to be made--- they should be fired!I was quite disappointed because I love the simple design of these boots.
B00AW8HF9Y its really cool! I think this product is simple and cool.when I tried it on ,its really fit well and feel good!I love these boots!
B00AW8JG9G Timber-yay! I wanted a low/no heel boot, & these boots have delivered. They are sturdy, feel well made, & look nice too.
B00AW8JG9G Everything I was looking for in a boot. These are well made and very comfortable. Just what I've been looking for forever! I love the look and feel, inside and out.
B00AW8JG9G attractive but not safe The boot is very attractive and comfortable.  However I found the tread on the bottom minimal and did not feel safe wearing them in snow let alone ice.  I had to send them back.
B00AW8JGGE Perfect Boot! Stable walking and comfortable sole. Really snazzy design on the outside. The boot shaft is not floppy and keeps it's shape. Has a solid feel to them. I would buy these all over again. At 5'2'', these reach just above my knees so wearing my socks peeking out doesn't look so good, unfortunately.
B00AZPO1BY very comfortable but a bit clumsy This is a very comfortable shoe and I am pleased with the fit,though sometimes i feel its appearnce is  a bit old fashioned,  obviously  a matter of taste....
B00AZPPEQ0 Timberland City Chukka Boot I gave it this rating because they were everything that I expected, good feel, looks and sizing. They seem to be very durable as well.Needed a new pair of Black dress shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice and comfortable! Finest quallity I missed my size a little bit (find out, that US 6.5 fits better for me), but still i feel well.
B00AZPPL7C He loved them I bought these for my husband who can be very picky about dressy shoes so I had to go with something that could go with khakis and jeans.  He loved them and reports that they are very comfortable.  He didn't even feel like he had to break them in.
B00B822FHK My feet love 'em. Timberland makes good products and these shoes are no exception. The one thing that stands out is how ridiculously light these feel on the ole dogs...helps when running around in the all day.
B00B822FHK Nice shoes It's kind of large to me but still wearable. Get it at a good price and the in sole feel comfortable.
B00B8I9AI6 Dope Boots Quality boots. I feel like they will last a while. They repel water/snow like a champ while looking dope with jeans. Great for Chicago winters.
B00B9PADWA You get what you pay for I was looking for some black, weatherproof, slip-on work boots.  These Timberlands looked to fit the bill and were especially attractive at a price of only $85.  I usually wear a size 10, but found that the 9.5 fit better in the length.  However, the boots were too loose in the ankles so I sent them back for a refund.  In addition, I was disappointed by the rubbery and cheap appearance of the leather.  So, I ended up buying some Blundstones for $200 and the fit, feel, and appearance are fantastic.Work boots for $85 seems like a really good deal.  Keep in mind, however, that there is often a good reason why there is a big difference in price between similar products.  If these Timberlands happen to fit your feet and ankles and you don't mind the cheaper leather and structure, then I think this is a good option.  Otherwise, I suggest spending a little more and getting something that will likely work and look a little better.
B00B9PADWA Great Value Sizes run a little tight. I'm usually good with an 8.5 but had to exchange for a 9.On having the right size I couldn't be happier. Boots feel really great and I've worn them every day since I got them.They feel like they will last a long time and the price is well worth it.
B00B9PIUS4 stylish and functional I purchased these boots looking for a practical and fashionable shoe that would compliment my active lifestyle and style of dress.  The boots are durably made with solid construction.  The design reflects an intelligent balance between functionality and progressive styling.  This is a shoe I can wear to the clubs and to the woods and feel equally comfortable in both environments.  The lace up design allows me to feel secure and versatile in mobility while the lined, cushioned interior insures that my feet feel supported.  This is an excellent shoe.
B00B9PJBDC Just right Fit perfectNice feel and good supportA little waterproofing and set to go in winter  and rainy weather  a winner
B00B9PJBDC lightning speed delivery, shoe slightly large but very comfortable and look great Received those shoes in Jordan, through Aramex' ship and shop, 1 week after I ordered them. I am happy with the delivery, but I wish Amazon would also mention the overall weight of the parcel, so I wouldn't be surprised about the shipping fees from the US to Jordan (weight mentioned in the description was 2 pounds, while weight of parcel was 3.5).Now reg. item, since 7.0 is usually too small with timberland, I bought a pair size 7.5. This size is slightly too large but by adding soles inside they feel great, extremely comfortable. I have some trouble putting them on but once I am in them they feel great. I guess the more I wear them the easier putting them on will be. They look great too, and are very light.
B00B9PM56C Great look and feel for the Winter Months. Love the look and feel of these. Must get used to the loose lacing up front but you get the feel for them quickly and they tighten up great when you tighten them from the top down and then up again. Great traction on the soul. Highly recommend them.
B00B9PM56C Very comfortable I owened a few pairs of the classic "timbs" back in the day when they were popular. I stopped wearing boots because I felt like they went out of phase and always felt that they were heavy and uncomfortable.  That is no longer the case.  I stumbled upon this particular style browsing the internet for winter boots.  The style caught my attention and one of the reviews said they "felt like sneakers" so I decided to give it a try.  I wore them yesterday at the mall and yes they feel light and has enough cushion in the soles to make them feel like sneakers.  I'm actually thinking about getting another color.  Highly recommended if you live in a cold weather region such as my self (NY/NJ area) :)
B00B9PS9VC feet feel fine!!! as expected timberland quality and fit comfy for walking easy slip on great traction and very well made love em!!
B00B9PS9VC Very Comfortable I bought these shows on a lightning deal for $57 and they are worth every penny and more.  They are by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned.  I feel like I am walking on a cloud of air all day long.  They look great with jeans and I have received numerous compliments.  The fit is as expected and are easy to get on and off.  The soles give good traction even in the snow. I have wear a different pair of shoes since getting these more than a month ago and I can foresee myself wearing these until there are holes in the soles.
B00B9Q3EX4 Nice feel Very comfortable boot I do a lot of yard work and they feel nice on my feet. I am a Timberland fan
B00B9Q5M16 True to size and comfortable Leather is not as glove-soft as my two-eye lug Timberland (no longer available) that gave me years of rugged service. However just needed one day to make the shoe feel as comfortable.
B00BAZ0Y0K Satisfied For the China RMB yuan is too small, thin material, feel good, work better. Overall quite satisfactory, rating 5 stars.
B00BCJV7H8 Great Boots! These boots do fit a bit small to size, but they are very comfortable and I find them very easy to wear for long periods and to walk in over reasonable distances.I LOVE the heavy-duty treads made for walking. With all the ice and snow I've encountered since I've purchased these, I feel the purchase was worth it just because of how stable I feel walking around in hazardous winter environments.I can't wear multiple layers of socks, but I don't need to, because the boots are very warm. I was standing at the bus stop today in -23F windchill and my toes were just starting to feel the cold after about 10 minutes, which is pretty impressive.The leather is very pretty and the faux fur is a nice understated touch.The laces are easy to tie and stay tied all day with no trouble.Extremely pleased with these boots and would recommend them to anyone.
B00BCJV7H8 I like them they are comfortable I can wiggle my toes in thick socks  they look good  they are water proof as advertised.  I feel safe walking in them.  I have had double hip surgery and I am fearful of falling!
B00BCJV7H8 Sizing I'm in between a 9- 9 1/2 with very skinny feet and made sure to order the larger just to be on the safe side. Great idea, the boots fit perfectly. The interior is extremely soft and the boots feel like they'll last me a few winters. The only thing that I wasn't expecting is that the grey coloration has a greenish tinge to it but they still look great overall. 5/5!
B00BCJW35I These are beautiful boots, if just a hair too small... I wear an 8.5 wide, which when that little voice in the back of my head kept saying - "Why don't you order a 9 to be safe?", I should have listened to it....  They were just a smidge too tight.  As I got them on sale and didn't feel like going through the whole return thing, I just brought them to a cobbler to be stretched.  They're better.  As they are leather, I guess I'm still in the breaking in phase because they still are a little stiff at the front...  I'm still a little sore at the end of the day, but it seems to be getting better each day.  (The cushioning on the bottom is lovely, better than a previous pair of boots in the same style I had to keep supplementing with Dr. Scholls.)  As far as the look and lacing, they're very pretty...  have a nice line and good gripping sole.  They also seem to be well made and sturdy. (Of course, only a long time will tell on that score.)  So yes, I recommend - but if you can, try them on first somewhere or to be safe order a half size up.
B00BCJXLHW yessss I love my boots, they feel sturdy and long lasting, they weren't to stiff starting off and they are reasonably light. Good purchase in my opinion.
B00BCJXLHW Great boots - wearing for several months now The boots are warm and stylish - I've received several compliments.  They feel broke in immediately, which is great, since normally I struggle to wear leather shoes at first in any style due to the pain of breaking them in.  They have great traction and I feel confident zooming around in them.  Its a nice option in the MI winter (especially this year!) to be able to lace them up high when the snow is deep. They still look cool laced to the top.  Cute when rolled down too with skinny jeans, but your boot cut will easily fit over the top, even when rolled down, and not look awkward or bulky.
B00C54FEG4 great product I really am glad I purchased these, its so hard to find nice socks that aren't cheap and all that, but these are great fit well and feel great, they make my feet feel nice and i dont sweat like other cheap socks, I workout 6 days a week and i have like 12 pairs of these and I love them, plus when i wash them they didnt bleed or anything. Overall a great product.
B00DQ5R7DE Thank Timberland Team I loved them, this was exactly what I was expecting for.i do really feel so happy for purchased them...
B00E41TKD4 comfortable it's too comfortable!!!!  They feel like nothing on my feet:) Much cheaper than the physical store and have same quality.
B00E5TU5AM I prefer all Cotton These have that polyester feel even though they are a blend. Not horrible but wouldn't buy them again. Liked the low height though.
B00EALSYY4 Super comfy BUT I really love the feel of these shoes. They are a little bulky but totally worth it for the stress it relieves from my feet. I work in a doctors' office on my feet all the time and I'm not achy at the end of the day with these shoes. HOWEVER, the second time I wore the shoes (sadly not until after the last return time), a section of the painting rubbed off, uncovering white plainness. I still love the feel of the shoes but feel slightly sad when someone looks at them closely. I'll probably buy them again in a plain black next time to be safe.
B00ED8P6UY Awsome comfy cute logger boot. These do the trick.  They take a beating, feel wonderful, and give you a secure ground grabbing platform.  First day with these on my feet did wonderfully - for a 12hr. shift.  No aches, pains, chaffing, wear or abuse to my feet. (Brought my old work boots in to switch out, just in case; but no need.) Solid, but light weight.  My toes had a lot of wiggle room without sliding around.  The tall boot give amazing ankle support.  No fear of twisting an ankle with these hugging your lower leg.  The stitched sole on the toe makes me believe that it won't separate from all the squatting, kneeling, bending, crawling around my job entails.  Fit, feel, comfort, wear, tear, water-worthy and protection make it worth the pennies asked for this product.  I'd recommend.
B00ENZQ2X2 Affordable Comfort Nice looking. Quality you can see and feel. Very comfortable and affordable. I had never bought shoes without trying them on so but I took a chance and I'm glad that I did. They fit well.
B00ENZQ2X2 Great Summer shoes 2nd pair of hooksets, they're fantastic.  stylish and comfortable, look and feel great without socks.  new sole is more substantial also.
B00GNZFWA4 Love these boots!  Better than I expected! Ok, so I'm taking a trip to Yellowstone this summer and saw these boots on a lightening deal and thought they would be good for hiking so I ordered them.  I got them in and was shocked at how big they were and a bit heavy for a boot.  Everyone said I wouldn't like them and I almost sent them back but then I found out that Timberland will let you wear them for 30 days first and if you don't like them then you can send them back to Timberland, not Amazon, for a full refund.  Well, I decided to give them a shot and try them out and let me just say, at first, I didn't think I'd like them.  They take a little getting use to because at first they feel like you are wearing bricks.  I wore them for half of the day working and decided to change into my regular shoes and when I put them on I hated my regular shoes!  I felt like I didn't have any protection and could feel every rock I stepped on.  Felt like I was wearing nothing but socks!  I immediately put these Timberlands back on.  I've been wearing them to work for a week now and will NOT be sending them back.  I love the feel of these boots.  You can feel the protection and the anti-fatigue soles are great.  And we got 8 inches of rain this weekend and I tried out their waterproof ability and I never felt a drop of water on my feet!
