B000073TM3 Christmas gift My daughter wanted these timberland for Christmas, she has purchase them before so I known what she wanted.  These are very nice boots
B000073TM3 HECTOR Ordered for a Christmas Gift for a friend. But product looks fine. But Timberland does not make a wide enough width for my feet.
B00009WM7J Great!!! It was a gift to a family member & they loved it! My son is hoping for one also-_-
B00009WM7J Waterproof and great appearance They were a gift and they fit perfectly. The color was a plus because my grandson expected a darker boot.
B0000AFSX4 Sonjia G. Absolutely love these really cute boots. Bought them as a gift for a friend's son for Xmas and they look awesome. Sizing was perfect and the price was good as well.
B0000DFAXV Was gift Was gift for my daughter. She loved them, didn't arrive on time but that's not Amazon's problem it was the Christmas snaffoo
B0000DFAXV My Mom love her Christmas Gift. The boots was a gift for my Mom she love them they didn't have her size so i had to get a half sixe bigger but over all she love her boots that's all that matter She's happy.
B0001CNJ9Q Adorable! These tiny boots are adorable!  I bought these as a baby shower gift for my daughter, and she loves them!  My grandson wears them all the time.  I'll be disappointed once he outgrows them!
B0002RDYMC Timberland's Great! Just what I expected. Description was perfect, size and color are representative of the picture provided. Great gift, price.
B00097A6NA Favorite jacket The best jacket ever. Super warm and dry in the elements. U won't be disappointed. Great price, bought another as gift
B000BB15ZC Special self Christmas gift. Because I got exactly what I expected.  That is my reason for the way l rated my Timberland boot very good.
B000BB15ZC Great boots I bought these boots as a Christmas gift for my husband- tough to buy footwear without trying on first but I wanted it to be a surprise.  He has wide feet so I ordered 10W and they fit perfectly.  He is extremely happy with the comfort, durability and warmth of these boots.  I would definitely buy these again.
B000BFIHVS good product the size of the shoes is fit,and very comfortable. this is a gift to my dad.he like it very much.
B000BFIHVS mens tims. got these for my kid as a gift and he loves them so what can I say good boots at the best price.
B000BFIHVS Gift I gave these to my grown son as a Christmas present.  He has had Timberland boots before and really likes them.  Amazon had the best price on these boots.
B000BFIHVS Mu guy loves these! Really soft leather but extremely durable and comfortable - he says he won't buy any other brand of boot now. I bought these for him as a gift - I loved the price (he's a size 15 EEE) so shoes can be expensive for him.
B000BFIHVS cool design also bought as a gift. it was a  very cool design. i hope it is as comfortable as it looks
B000BFIHVS Perfect These were a gift for my husband. He absolutely loves them! This is not the first pair he has owned, and these boots are the only ones that fit him comfortably. I gave him 2 pair for Christmas!!!
B000BGMMZ4 Gift These were a gift to my son-in-law for Christmas.  He has told me the fit is fine and he loves them.
B000BGMMZ4 Boots Boots were exactly how they appeared. They will be a birthday gift and I'm sure the birthday person will love them.  Shipment was very fast. Loved the free shipping. Great job seller.
B000BGMMZ4 christmas gift/great find i was really happy to find these boots on this site, i would recommend it to anyone who has males in there family with a size 14 or better, i will use this site again i love the fact that i can find my son's size on this site
B000FDPXW2 Gift I really can't rate these or say but they must be nice because that is all my nephew wear and they were a after Xmas gift...
B000G23DQK Timberlands Gave these as a gift. Recipient loved them, especially the color. But seriously, how long does it take to break these in?
B000G23DQK These are not real I  purchased these boots for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift. I just received them today and they are fake imitation timberlands, there not the real ones. The bottom of the sole looks glued together and they came with  tons of scuff marks all over them. I can't believe they would even send these to me.  The texture of the boots is very rough and feels like sand paper. Buyers beware of the low price, you're not getting real timberland boots!! I will be returning these ASAP and now I don't have a Christmas gift for my boyfriend. :(  I'm very upset about this.
B000G23DQK Waterproof timberland boots This gift was absolutely AMAZING!! A WONDERFUL christmas gift it made & my boyfriend really loves it. And omg!, the price was ridiculously awesome!! Glad I looked & found this product on here compared to the stores. Almost paid $130 PLUS tax for a pair in the store, then they weren't waterproof. I want to give a HUGE thanks to the seller of this product!! :) Happy New Year & have a blessed year, thank you!!
B000G23DQK xmas gift was soo happy to find these for my brother, and even got his size right, got here super quick as well.
B000G23DQK Husband Christmas Gift My husband love these boots.  He is still getting use to wearing them and as always boots take some time to break in.  Other than that it looks great on him.  The color was the only thing I was a little dissappointed about.  It was a little lighter than on the picture.
B000G23DQK Good Job I chose that rating because they were affordable and they were in great condition so it made a great gift
B000G23DQK Well constructed Purchased them as a gift for a friend from Africa who loves the boots.  He has only been able to get locally made products there which don't last.
B000G23DQK Great got theses for my brother for chirstmas and he loved them they arrived before christmas and he love them they were brand new
B000G23DQK good choice Spend less money.I love this shoes,it is a gift from my wife,so,thank you ,honey.the quality of this item is same as my expectations.
B000G23DQK The classic All around great fit, what you would expect from the classic Timberland boot.  They were a gift for my son and they are his go to shoe.
B000G23DQK Timberland Christmas gift for my son, he loves the boot and I love the price.  I would recommend the product to others.
B000G23DQK you get what you paid for I bought these as a gift....And they were a hit! Stylish, sturdy, and affordable. Definitely worth the price you pay for.
B000G23DQK Fantastic Xmas gift for son.  Are perfect for him.  Fits as expected, very comfortable and is everything he was hoping for.
B000G23DQK This was a hard find My 15 yr old wanted Timberland boots for Christmas and they were here in just enough time to give them to him on Christmas eve.
B000G23DQK Pretty, but a defect. It's a X-mas gift for myself. It looks so pretty, but has a defect this time.anyway, it's a good gift to me.
B000G23DQK great gift bought this for my boyfriend's bday....he loved them. I was happy i found them in his size because 11.5 seems to be a popular size for men.
B000G23X74 Great Transaction! I bought these shoes for my dad as a gift. They were exactly the right size and look great. Great transaction!
B000G24LJS A gift based on experience I bought these shoes for one of my sons as a gift, but I ordered the wrong size. However, I have an identical pair myself and they have worn extremely well, without signs of age or deterioration. I've had them for about two years, and wear them frequently. They are comfortable and provide excellent support, and they look good while doing so. I recommend them.
B000HGZRYQ NICE BOOTS Very nice pair of boots. Bought them for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift and he loves how well they fit and how comfortable they are on his feet and for the price, it was practically a steal. Will  buy from this seller again.
B000NKIGNK Awsome Bought these for my grandson for Christmas and the price was great and delivery was quick and he loves them.
B000UCCQEQ GREAT! Got these shoes as a gift for a dad and he cannot stop saying how awesome they are. He's used them for EVERYTHING and the quality you can tell it superior. I had needed to switch the shoes out for a different size and the seller made it VERY easy for me. A+ product
B000VIAOJ8 Given As A Christmas Gift I gave these to my grandson as part of his Christmas gifts. He really was surprised and so happy. He had not asked for them, but I thought they would be sturdier and warmer with his outside play with friends. My daughter told me he could wear 2  pairs of socks with them.I know they are marked  little kid, but he is 9 and is in the 4th grade. It is nice to find things for him to wear that reflect bis age and activity level. He said he liked them because they looked good with his jeans too.They were a special price for the holidays and I am so glad I purchased them.
B000VQDM6W Perfect!!! I bought this pair of boots as a Christmas Gift for my wife, she is more than satisfied. I havent seen another woman wearing this kind of boot anywhere, which makes her extremely Happy!!! The picture doesnt do it justice, the boots are really nice in person...
B000VW69IY bought as a gift my dad loves his comfortable fisherman tims. he specifically wanted these for his vacation trip because of all the walking he will be doing.
B000VX01MS it was a gift was a gift to my dad, he loved them, he always wears them, has been since i bought them for christmas and they seem to hold great!
B000VX01V4 Great and attractive Very nice shoe. Great quality, attractive. Would recommend to a friend!  Bought them as a gift and recipient was very happy with them.
B000VX01V4 Comfortable Shoes A+ Nice comfortable casual shoes love them if you buy them as a gift ur boyfriend husband dad son gonna love them!
B000VX01V4 Timberland Boat Shoes The dye on the leather was uneven with the sides being lighter than the front and top.  As a previous critic mentioned, the sole is different.  This is a gift for my son and has not yet been given.
B000VX01V4 Good choice Nice and classy as they always were, excellent choice if you want to give them as a gift to somebody.
B000VX03GC Box was a mess! The box was broken and torn severely. Bought this item to gift so we had to find another suitable box.
B000VX03GC a great gift This was a gift for a 10 years and he loved them.He wears them with no trouble and we are so happy.
B000VX03WQ Great gift! Gave these to my husband last Christmas. They were exactly what he wanted. They arrived on time and just as described. Thank you!
B000VX03WQ Good boot for the money Bought these boots as gift for my son. They fit him nicely and he is very pleased with them. Seem to be a good quality boot. Time will tell how durable they are.
B000VX03WQ Good product! Wasn't for me, was a gift and this makes me noticed that I'm really bad taking shoes sizes.
B000VX03WQ Timberland Boots We purchased the boots as a gift. They came in the time we needed and our son loves them. The price was good and we were very pleased.
B000VX04DO Hope they fit I bought these for my son for Christmas so i don't know how they fit yet. They look nice and I think they are what he asked for. My only complaint is the shoebox was pretty torn up and there was a piece of christmas wrap attached to one side. obviously someone else's christmas return.
B000VX04DO Perfect winter boots. Easily dress down or dress up. I picked these up for my brother as a Christmas gift. He was in desperate need of a new pair. He usually wears a size 16 in sneakers but the 15W fit perfectly. The nubuck was nice & smooth. They came in perfect condition with no problems.
B000VX04PC Boots for Christmas gift. The boots are great, but found them for less money at the mall after I received them in the mail.
B000XEACHO love these timberland boots Gave these to my son for a holiday gift. He is in the snow removal business. He said they fit great and kept his feet dry.
B000XEACHO Boots for Working Men A gift for my son.  I saw them on him the next week so they have to be good and still wearing them 2 months later.
B000XEACHO grateful i bought these boots as a suprise gift for my son-----he loves them--just what he wanted--i may buy some too!!
B000XEACHO Timberland PRO This is the second time around ordering Timberland's as a gift for my son.  He is VERY hard on boots with his work outside and really gets wear out of them with them not looking to shabby.
B000XEEQAI Great Gift Purchase Bought these boots for my hubby as a gift & he loved them!! Amazon had them $45 cheaper than at Dept store. Saved tons & my hubby said it feels like walking on clouds.
B000XEKHOC PERFECT BOOTS!!! AAAAA+++ SELLER!! I DID PURCHASE THESE AS  A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY HUSBAND DUE TO OWNING A PAIR ALREADY & THEY WERE FINALLY NEEDING TO BE REPLACED...BUT DUE TO GOING OUT SHOPPING, HE SEEN A PAIR WHEN WE WERE OUT & PURCHASED 2 BOOTS....SO IS WHY I HAD TO RETURN THESE...WHEN HE FOUND OUT THAT I HAD THESE, HE WAS UPSET DUE TO PREFERRING THESE OVER THE ONES HE BOUGHT....LOL.....HE SAID I SHOULD HAVE TOLD HIM....I COULDN'T DUE TO THEY WERE TO BE A CHRISTMAS PRESENT...LOL.
B000XEKIUK Great boots at great savings! This was a Christmas gift to our son.  They fit perfectly, and he says they are very comfortable.  The price was great, too.  Thanks!
B000XEKIUK Christmas gift. My son knew exactly which boots he wanted.  So they were what he expected.  Timberland store was way too expensive and Amazon has the very best price for the boots.  Very happy with Amazon!
B000XEKIUK Great boots! Great Christmas gift. My son will love them.  The boots are well worth the money.  Sturdy and they look really good.
B000XEKK94 Very good value I bought these boots as a gift for my son. They were a very good value, true to size. Wouldn't hesitate to order again.
B000XEKK94 For the price, I got a dea! These are for a gift but I'm sure they will fit.  I got a great price since I ordered these on Thanksgiving but I just received them yesterday, so a little less than 2 weeks to receive I thought was a very long time.  And there is a small stain/scratch on the side but again for the price I paid and knowing these are for work, they will be fine.
B000XEKK94 A good gift These boots were a gift for my brother. He was fascinated, use them daily in their work. These are really helpful and completely resistant to hard work.
B000XEKK94 Great Price on Boots I ordered these for my son as a Christmas gift.  He knew his size, but I wanted to surprise him so I went with the online shopping option.  The Timberland website had the same boots for approximately the same price but their exchange policy is TERRIBLE and there was a significant shipping charge.  I opted for Amazon and wasn't disappointed.  They're a nice work boot, they take a beating and worth the money I paid.
B000XEKK94 Great Christmas Gift I know the quality of Timberland, so I'm sure this will be a great gift for my son in law. Even better, for me, was the reasonable price of the great boot.
B000XEKK94 it was a gift i hear the recipient loves them and wears them every day - which was good in winter but maybe not so much as it gets warmer
B000XEKK94 Christmas gift these were bought for a picky son and i had,nt been able to find these in stores available to me
B000XEKK94 GIFT FOR MY BROTHER He really liked them, i was concerned about the fit since he was not able to try them on but he said the fit is perfect and they looked even better in person.
B000XEKK94 Great gift I purchased these for my fiance for Christmas. I received them much earlier than I expected. He absolutely loved them. He said they are the most comfortable boots he owns and they fit like a glove.
B000XELF3O Great gift Gave these as a gift to my dad for Christmas this year and he loved them.He had a pair of them before and he wanted the same ones because he said they were very comfy!
B000XELF3O Good Solid Boot Bought these as a gift so I cannot give an overall rating on how well they wear but they certainlyhave a nice look to them and they seem sturdy enough. I hope they last longer than a month! lol
B000XELF3O Christmas Present The boots are a Christmas present so he has not tried them on yet.  Hopefully they will fit and work for him.
B000XELF3O Exactly what I needed These boots were a gift and they were the perfect fit. My husband requests a pair every year. The price is very low for this brand
B000XELF3O Bought as a gift While this boot is well made they seem to run small. I bought size 12 as a gift for my son who usually wears a size 11, they cut his ankles up badly and I had to return them.
B000XETJU0 Wrong boots were sent Soft toe was ordered but steel toe arrived and since it was a gift and the boots were needed right away, a return was not an option.Not happy about it, will think twice before ordering a gift from Amazon again.
B000XETJU0 Nice boots These were a gift for my husband and he wears them all the time, but I am not sure how they are as work boots since he just wears them as regular shoes.  I would buy them again and in another color.  They didn't cost much more than what you pay at the big box store and the quality is so much better.  So far no complaints.
B000XETJU0 Wonderful boots! Wonderful boots. Good skin, lovely color, good hardware. My husband was very happy to get them as a gift.Be sure we will still be ordered.
B000XETU1I Great boots. I bought these for my son as a Christmas gift. He loves the fit. They are not as heavy as many work boots and are very well made.
B000XEVJJO Gift!! This product was a gift and the person who received it loved the present. The important part was that I needed it fast and it came on time!
B000XEVJJO This was a great gift The person that received these boots really enjoys them. The only concern he has is the top of the boots are very stiff.
B000XEVLF6 Broke with in hours of wear This was a birthday gift for my fiance and it was embarrassing when eyelets broke off and ripped within hours of wear. I am having amazon take back the item.
B000XF04LM xmas gift Xmas gift for my son-in-law - stated they are comfortable, he is an electrician and on his feet most of the day - apparently he likes them because he asked for the same shoes this year.
B000XF4D1Y a gift My son repoarts these are the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn. Thay look great on him! Great purchase
B000XF6L7I Great Boots !! I bought these boots as a gift for my brother. He has not stopped raving about them. He said they have great ankle support and are super comfortable. They have made a big difference in his overall feet and back comfort.
B000XR2GN4 bought as gift I bought as gift for my boyfriend, he said they fit well and are comfortable.  He's been wearing them everyday, so I guess they're OK.
B000XR2GN4 Gift These were a gift for my brother and I hated to return them.  However, they were not wide enough and would have loved to exchanged.  Great color and probably durable as well...wish we could have gotten the wider boot.
B000XXGMRO Great Price and product!! I ordered these for my fiance who is a Justin workbook person all the way. I wanted him to have something presentable when we went to nice places instead of those ugly steel-toed work boots. He loves them and was very happy to get them for a Christmas gift.
B000XXGMRO Best Boots I bought this boot as a gift for my husband and he loved it!! Its exactly as is on the picture!! We received the product within the date that was promised nd the price was reasonable compared to store prices!!
B000XXGMRO Nice! They are beautiful shoes I purchased them for my husband as a gift he loved them  the quality looks great
B000XXGMRO He loved them! I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas after he had been looking for them for quite some time. He was soo excited to finally have them and truly adores these boots. He wore them around the house after he opened them on Christmas...took them off only to get in bed and put them back on when he woke up the next morning! =)
B000XXGMRO Greta gift I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas he loved them. He never wore boots outside of work because boots in general reminded him of work. He also doesn't like very dress shoes. These boots are in the middle and he liked them. They're good looking and according to him very comfortable.
B000XXGMRO wonderful purchased these for a friend as a gift and he loves them.  didn't have to break them in or anything.  just put on and walked
B000XXGMRO Great Christmas Gift Bought for my husband for Christmas.  These are great, They do run about a half size bigger.  He has a flat narrow foot and typically wears a 10.5.  These size 10 fit him just fine.  Great product!
B000XXGMRO Great Boots I bought these as Christmas gift for my hubby.  He normally wears a 11.5 or 12 we went with the 11.5, they fit perfect.  He has wore them every day since Christmas Day .  He loves them and says they are very comfortable right out of the box.
B000YDBIJU Great service These were a gift for my husband.  We live in a warm climate and he wears these shoes exclusively.  He has tried to find them black wasn't able. I surprised him with this gift.  They were delivered quickly and in perfect condition.Thank you,
B00110CR1S Gift Was a gift to my grandson for camping trip. He said they fit great and his feet did not get cold
B0014EE3N6 good shoe these were a gift and he loves it. the boots fit good and are durable. well worth saving the money
B0014EE3PE Looks really good.  A perfect gift. Bought it for my brother and he was skeptical about how it would fit, it fit perfectly and looks pretty dam good. Wish if had big sizes like this for me.
B0016J8XBW Timberland Shoes trusted name Bought these for my little guy as a birthday gift. I was a little hesitant since the size was Medium and my son has a wide foot. I took the risk and bought them anyway since the style does not seem narrow, tried them on him (he will be wearing them for christmas) seem to fit nice! The shoe looks much better in actuality than the picture! :-)
B001760K56 summary I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife, and she loves it!  She is very pleased with the rich color and especially the comfort!  So far it looks like it's good quality product and hopefully it will last a while!
B001760K56 great service I bought these boots as a gift for my daughter.  They arrived THE NEXT DAY!  My daughter LOVED THEM, but unfortunately she had a problem with the fit.  The return was simple and easy.  Sorry it didn't work out.
B001B7FP8I Timberland Men's Woodbury Faux Shearling Boot I bought this boots for my son as a birthday gift and for the winter. He absolutely loves them. They are true to size. On a scale from 1-10, he would give a 9. His only issues was the weight of the boots. Does feel heavy after a while.
B001EWFF30 Timberland It was a gift for my son they were perfect just right for all the snow we goot.  Never a disappointment with Timberland
B001EWFF30 Quality boot These were a gift for my son's birthday.  He never takes them off!!  They are great in any weather condition and fit perfectly.  It gives him great traction and comfort while working outside.
B001EWFF30 Good Value Bought a pair for a gift and they were too small so I kept them for myself. Extremely light weight and seem well put together. I just kept them as an everyday winter shoe for cold weather.
B001EWFF30 Xmas Gift Wonderful product, wonderful price. True to size. Purchased as a gift for BF for Xmas. Still getting thanked every time he puts them on (which has be a lot this winter).
B001EWFF30 I got what I wanted I am a canadian and I went to visit my brother in CA, US. The shoes I ordered was a gift to my brother. It arrived in the two day after I placed the order. It is a good service[...]
B001EWFG98 great hiking shoes gave as a gift I gave these as a gift and they rave about the comfort of them. Great hikers.
B001JEP4F2 My dads favorite This was a gift to my father!! He has a narrow foot and as a hard time finding loafers!  He loves the comfort of these.
B001N69NOE Greate boots This boot is of the highest quality. Very satisfied with the product. Bought it as a gift and he is very happy and says it fits like a charm
B001SAR7GQ Timberland you got it! I bought those shoes for may father as a Xmas Present and is so happy with it. he has heel problems and this shoe does not feel pain. He uses every day and is happy with his gift. Timberland buenisima always choice. Recommended!
B001SARJXC Boot Gift Boots were given as a gift. My son enjoys the boots and they look very good. No complaints - good selection at a reasonable price. Fit perfectly.
B001SARJXC Christmas gift Bought these as a Christmas gift for my husband.  He loves them and has wore them to work everyday this winter.
B001U0OTCY Gift for my 22yr son I purchesed these Tims as a Christmas gift for my son.  He LOVED them! He was happy with the style and they have kept in warm. The boots still have not been tested out in the snow so Pending Snow Review.  Overall happy with the purchase.
B001U89O94 great shoes got as a gift for my sistershe still wears them to this daylook brand new stillwarmdrytrue to size
B0029XG5YG Men's Timberland pro 95557 Mining 14" waterproof boots Reason for not writing a review yet, Is the Boots were a gift to my son for work and I have not talk to him yet. But I believe ever thing was fine with them and they came on time.
B002ASAJPG Timberline PRO work boots. These boots have been a great gift for my son-in-law. He has used them everyday for a year and they are still going. Definitely recommend them for anyone out in the weather or construction!!
B002ASAJPG Gift for my Dad My Dad has been Electrician for the last 26 years. I heard from my Mom that he was complaining that his feet was hurting so I plain out asked Which boots do you want he chose these and they fit perfectly and he had no pain sence
B002ASAJPG Work boot This boots were a gift for my dad an he loved them, although they are kind of heave but for the quality that is acceptable
B002KLI1AI Gift that keeps giving Bought these boots as a Christmas gift for my wife to replace a pair of Timberlands I got her 20 years ago.  She loved them, noting that the support they provided helped with her otherwise weak ankles. If these are as durable as the last pair I honestly don't know how the company stays in business. Thanks Amazon for making my Christmas shopping easy.
B002QVGQQS Quality boots I purchased these for a Christmas gift.  The boots arrived  well packaged and in excellent shape.  The boots were the correct color, size and the fit was perfect.  Very happy with the purchase.
B002YOMJPY Love it! Brought this as a gift and needless to say they loved it. Had to go a half size up , however, then what my husband normally wears .
B002YOMJPY HAPPY CUSTOMER! Ordered these for my boyfriend for Christmas - we do regular hiking - and they fit perfectly and he loved them!!!
B002YOMJPY Awesome value and Daddy's happy! Got these boots as a gift for Mr. 6'8&#34; and he LOVES them. He said they felt like slippers b/c they were so light but supportive too. They are going to get wrapped so Santa can bring for daddy:)!
B002YOMJPY Christmas gift I ordered these as a gift for a co-worker for a gift exchange. The item did not arrive in time and I was forced to purchase a different gift. When the item finally arrived (several days after Christmas) the packaging was pretty beat up. I will be returning the item as soon as possible. Very disappointed.
B002YOMJPY happy came on time for the birthday boy! so far gift was a hit and im very happy that it came days before his birthday.this gift is for a camping trip we are taking next week . we will see how they will feel.
B0031EJVU2 Timberland 98519 Brought as a gift for my son and he states they are so comfortable, easy to walk in, not heavy on the leg and can be worn daily.  Color is neutral and goes with just about anything.  Definitely a recommender to others.
B0034G54BM Daughter loves them Purchased these boots as a gift for my daughter to wear with her skinny jeans. Earthkeepers are quality boots and she loves them.
B0034G558E they were exactly as I pictured them to be when I went on the web before choosing them those were a gift, and the person, absolutely love everything about them. and the price i paid for them was unbeatable
B0034XS4OY Problem with sizing These shoes are of good quality, however the sizing is too big, almost 1 size bigger. I bought them as a gift and had to return them costing me $90 just on delivery and no gift. Very disappointing
B0035LD2X8 Uncomfortable and heavy I bought these as a Xmas gift for myself. Ended up returning them and getting some Clarks, which cost more but felt so much more comfortable.
B003A4Z5DA My brother loves his gift I bought these for my brother because he is so hard on shoes. He wears them nearly everyday and has nothing but good things to say about these boots. It has been a few months and he is still happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend these boots for work wear.
B003AZZJLW Not a preference It was a gift for my husband, not too happy. It hurt his feet as he said. I sent them back, of course.
B003ELOYEA christmas gift Recevied it in a timley manner and it was what I orderedwill review after christmas to complete the star rate
B003ELOZSU Gift giver My wife loves the boots!!  She told me it was a great gift, waterproof, fashionable and easy to slide on and off!  Plus now she has no excuse not to come out ice fishing with me and our two boys!!
B003TFEA5O Happy Feet My adult daughter requested these boots for Christmas. She put them on immediately after opening them and kept them on for hours. She found them comfortable and stylish. Her favorite gift.
B003VQNE12 Worthy sneakers My wife loved the sneakers. They fit her great and feel comfortable. I've been a longtime wearer of Timberland products and have always found them to be stylish and durable. Orange, by the way, is my wife's favorite color and this made the shoe an all around great gift for her birthday. Thank you.
B003XYWUX0 Just What We Wanted For The Gift These little boots were perfect. Looked like mini work boots which was what we wanted, including the treads on the soles. Well made and all of the features were in proportion so it looked like a typical &#34;grownup's&#34; work boot. Gift for friends' baby. They loved them!
B0040N0RB0 Excelent In Timberland sunglasses TB3043 i founded a cheap and beatifull christmas gift. Now i can sleep easy until december 24
B0043QGPKQ A classy look for your feet! I bought these shoes as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law, as his job requires he be on his feet all the time and good shoes are a must. He hasn't  got them yet, of course, but I was so pleased when they arrived.  I was expecting a good shoe, but they scream quality.  I know they will be comfortable and that he will like them.  Without hesitation, I highly recommend them, as they are classy looking and well made.  Well worth the price I paid.
B004C5QYLI B-day gift... My hubby loved these:) I got them for his birthday. They did come with a little distress look to them, but thy weren't worn so I guess that was normal. Overall we both liked them.
B004EHXZ1Q beautiful moccasins. bought it as a gift for a ... beautiful moccasins.bought it as a gift for a friend's son and she was all over the shoes. so i guess.....
B004L32PFU Awesome Boots Bought these boots with a gift card I got for a Christmas gift.  They are extremely comfortable.  I typically wear a size 12 but got these in 11 and they fit perfectly.  Have worn them in the snow/rain a few times already and still look good as new.  I have a feeling I will be wearing these boots for a very long time.  They've quickly become my favorite pair of shoes!
B004L32PFU Christmas gift! Bought as Christmas gift for my son. Wears in snow or when clear. Keeps feet dry and looks nice to wear at work without changing to regular shoes. He loves them!
B004LKX9HQ Pricey but cute! I love these boots. I got them as a Christmas gift for myself. They are very warm and as stylish as winter boots can be. I would definitely recommend them.
B004LLSV5U Timberland Boots I purchased this item as a gift and the receiver of the boots loved the item. It was actually a gift that was picked out from the begining and due to the colors the item was chosen. I have not seen or heard the feedback, but She didn't want to return the item, so this should speak for it self....
B004ZCE19U Christmas Presant A friend of mine wanted these boots for Christmas, the only thing that he had asked for. When i went to Timberland they had sold out of the size i needed, so i put in the boot name in and it came up that Amizon had them only 1 left in a 13. Already gave them to him and he loves them. Thanks so much for being out there.
B004ZCE19U Luv them.... I brought these for my husband as a Christmas gift, and they're absolutely too cute.  The red stands out in the back, unlike your Avg. Timberlands. He loves them. ...They came quick and in excellent condition.
B004ZCE19U gift for him I brought this gift for my boyfriend as a Valentine's gift and he loves it.  I an now looking for a grey pair.  This man loves him some timberland boots.
B004ZCZFFE Well worth the wait.. I purchased these as a christmas gift for my hubby & he loves them.originally he wanted to get them from the mall (which cost $169) but I knew amazon wouldn't let me down,and they came a week sooner than expected.Thank you amazon for saving me some money & still making my shopping so much easier
B0054HM0Z2 Gift My husband was looking for a dressier steal toe shoe for work, as he is a manager but needs to dress appropriately for his position. These serve the purpose, but are in no way dressy. The are just short boots.
B0054HM5AM Good shoes This pair was a gift and my friend loved them and I got a pair for myself and I enjoy wearing them
B0056QW98E bad strap Bought as a gift for my daughter in law.  She loved them!  However, strap broke less than a month of use.  So bummed.
B0056RTU8U comfortable shoe!!!!! This was a gift. The color was a little different from how it looked online. Other thatn that this is a great product, and my mother loves to walk around in them. They are very comfortable.
B0058SOEG0 Good So Far Bought as a gift to my mother's bday. So far, they look good. I haven't given them to her yet so I don't how sturdy they are.
B00590WN4C Excellent Great product, the person whom i gave the gift loved the present, great materials and size, comfortable and nice color
B00590WN4C MOST COMFORTABLE WEDGE I HAVE EVER OWNED I received this shoe as a Christmas gift.  I have worn it to work twice and can't believe how comfortable it is.  It has some sort of foam underlay so it is cushioning you as you walk.  It also makes my foot look slimmer and narrower.  I am ordering it in several other colors!
B005BWB2QI Excelent product These timberland shoes are great !!! Excellent quality and very nice design. My hasband was very happy with the gift I gave him
B005BWB2QI &#128078; Really the size is too large and I give the shoes to ma friend as a gift , bad thing I ever bought
B005BWB2QI Boat Shoes I gave these shoes as a gift and I was very pleased with the quality of the product and the speed with which I received it.
B005BWB2QI The shoes  are just what he needed. I bought the shoes for my husband for a Christmas gift.  He has tried them on for fit and comfort and both were fine.  Yes he would buy this brand of shoes again and also recommend them to a friend and family members.
B005BWB2QI Christmas gift for my dad! They're comfortable, in style, great quality, and fit his personality.  He loves them and wears them daily! Plus, when we needed to trade in the first purchased pair for a smaller size - amazon was so easy to work with! LOVE
B005ERZ6MQ Very handsome These are even more attractive in person.  They look comfortable but I don't know if they are since I purchased them as a Christmas gift.  I'll have to update in December.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandles These were a gift for my granddaughter. They mase quite a hit. She loves pink and purple and both those colors are in the same sandle.
B005I6Z4JI Great product This was a Christmas gift for my son who uses these for work - they are what he scoped out and really likes them.  They were $50 cheaper by ordering them here than in the store.
B005I72EKE Great Boots The boots were nice. They wear comfortable.  Worth the money!!!  Got them as a gift and they are well appreciated.
B005LCQYYS Bought this as a gift ... and it was a success! The fit was true to size, and it looks really good! The canvas ended up being pretty thing, but as it turned out, that was the big selling point! Definitely would recommend! Wears really nice (comfort and looks), and it's definitely able to take the punches of rough terrain!
B005LCQYYS Awesome product! This was a gift but it has been well received! I feel that it was exactly as advertised and well worth the cost?
B005OI1U8O Great value! Item arrived on time. The best price that we found. The boots were a Christmas gift and were delivered directly to the recipient. Recipient is very satisfied with the boots. Recipient says "heck yes, the boots are a five star. They are lightweight, yet rugged. Perfect for spring, summer and fall hikes."  Size seems to be accurate. Fast and free shipping.  Very satisfied with this seller!
B006F62ZUQ Great quality! I bought this as a gift and it was very well received!  Great quality, perfect size,  and the price tag inside said $50 so it looks like I got a good deal too!
B006F62ZUQ Best Birthday gift! I got this wallet for my younger brother for his birthday and he loved it! It was an upgrade from those velcro kids wallets that they have around 11 or 12. I personally thought this was a beautiful color and constucted well. I will consider getting one for my husband when his wears out!
B006F62ZUQ Perfect Gift I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves this wallet. It fits everything he needs and looks very nice.
B006F62ZUQ Sturdy and worth the money. This was a gift for my boyfriend. It's held up very well (and he's not easy on wallets) and holds everything he needs it to hold. It was shipped and delivered at a decent rate, with no damage to the product when it arrived. Definitely glad I bought it.
B006F65NL4 LOVE IT LOVE IT THIS WAS A GIFT TO A FREAND AND HE HANDS DOWN LOVED IT SO THAT GOOD AND WOULD TOTALIE BUYING IT AGAIN...
B006F676IW great gift gave this gift to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it ,  he took and filled it up as soon as he opened it up, great buy
B006OB62PQ Very Nice This was a gift for my husband and we are both very happy with it! He was thrilled with the quality and it was just what he wanted.
B006OB62PQ Great Quality! Bought this for my boyfriend 5 months ago, he still tells me how much he loves it. Fits in pocket nicely and plenty of slots to hold everything he needs. Nice soft, distressed leather.  I guess guys are as particular about their wallets as we ladies are about our purses! I recommend it - makes a fabulous gift!
B006T307QE Good product This was a gift for my brother and he loved it very much.  Wore it right away.  I highly recommend it
B006T307QE Christmas Gift I bought these as a gift for my fianc&eacute; for Christmas. He was constantly complaining about his old work boots and the discomfort they caused him. Since we got these, the only complaint I have heard is that now he needs new socks. Great buy!
B006T307QE returning..... they were a gift to my brother but ti narrow.....sending them back.....what is the peceedure ?can he choose a different pair ?
B006ZGV4C6 Awesome Bought as a gift for my girlfriend. She loved them. Fit perfectly, built well, look great, very comfortable she says. I got the a half size larger than her size.
B006ZJ2ZUI Welfleet Timberland boots They were a gift and the recipient loves them. Perfect fit and loves the color very easy to match up with clothes.
B0070SHSGE great! great shoes, fits well. I bought them as a gift and my boyfriend loves absolutely them. will def buy more
B0070SPY56 A Must Have I ordered them for a Valentine's gift.  It is a nice quality.  He loves the boots.  They came with two pair of shoes strings.  They are durable and comfortable.
B0072AE45S Christmas gift for teenage son They are as shown on the picture. Good quality. Nice color. Fit as expected. My son was very was surprised!!!
B007597TP8 Good quality It's a gift for my friend and he love it ! Next time I will come to care for your product.
B007597TP8 Good One of my friends recommand it and good as his discribution .Gift for my boyfriends ,he will love it .
B0075D6388 Purchased as a gift request The size and flip card case was just what he wanted.  Quality and description on the web site was just what he expected..
B0077SY810 Christmas Boots I got these for my brother for Christmas and he ADORES them. Very good quality boot and they have gorgeous color. It's a very interesting and unique shoe and looks great with jeans or cords. He loves the style and fit and quality of them. Totally worth the higher price you pay for Timberland's.
B0077SY810 Christmas Gift I opened the box to look at the boots and they are very handsome and stylish.  Since they are a gift i can't review them yet.  Will keep you posted.
B007G4VCFK Gave this one as a gift also The recipient loved it and I hope he gets many years of use out of it. The wallet arrived in plenty of time to give for the holidays so I have not complaints.
B007G4VE30 Gave this as a Christmas gift The recipient loved it and I hope he gets many years of use out of it.  The wallet arrived in plenty of time to give for the holidays so I have not complaints.
B007G4VKI4 Kindle Cover Thank you.  I was a bit surprised at how small it was.  It didn't look like a good gift, but my future son-in-law was happy and said it was exactly what he wanted it to be.
B007G4VV74 I love it I am happy when it came so soon and look great.this is a gift for my friend's brithday.he like it either.
B007NMIKKU Perfect These were a gift, but they looked really good and were shipped very quickly.  I would consider buying a pair for myself.
B007ROR77G A surprise Christmas gift, Good looking! A gift for a growing family. The luggage is well made and roomy. It is light enough to manage with two children in tow.
B007WZSDTQ Elegant The quality of leather and the finishing on this wallet is so elegant. The packaging is a disappointment as it was wrapped in a box made of recycled paper. if this was a gift it would under valuate the gift.
B007WZSDTQ Great Gift This was a surprise gift for my husband, he loved it.  Nice quality and you can not beat the price
B00828VKFQ shoes I actually bought this as a gift and appreciated that it was sent directly to her she very much appreciated
B008B5XICS Great Luggage! Excellent for travel being light weight and Color is awesome! I gave this for a graduation gift and the graduate loved it.
B008M4UN1C excellent gift! though it's a little bit tight, my mom loves them! really nice as a mother's day gift with perfect leather!
B008MHR6D2 He LOVED them Brought them for my husband as a birthday gift and he loved them. He said they are very comfy!!! The price was awesome
B008MHR6D2 Premium leather and modern design Very modern design. Leather is premium quality , that make it look even better. I bought it as a gift and my brother love it. VERY recommend .
B008N6Y9BO purchased as a gift for the girlfriend Great look, great price... but the fit was about a 1/2 size small.  Would buy again just bigger.  Thanks alot.
B008N7H654 Bought as gift My friend loves these. Says they are the most comfortable work shoes he's every had. Very lightweight but still durable.
B008UQRULS thanks Bought as gift after buying and loving mine.  That's all I have to say on this product, thanks very much.
B008VPU0GK Timberland quality, without the big price tag Got this as a gift from our son to his Dad, but from a local store near them, 3 hours away. Looked to Amazon, with the model number, to see if there was something near this style. They had the exact boot, in another color, same size, and lesser expensive. Great first experience buying shoes on-line
B008VPU0GK This was a Christmas gift for one of my sons. He says they are the finest boots he's owned. This will equip him to do some serious hiking with me along the Appalachian Trail and along the Potomac towpath in the Spring.
B008ZBPGFU suggested by my sister as a gift I got this as a gift after my sister suggested these...she had gotten them for her husband...I was shocked how wonderfully made and warm they are (yes, I tried wearing them to go outside for a minute).  I need to look for a pair for myself now!!!The wonderful thing is...they can be worn for a quick dash to the store, outside to grab some wood, or around the house...all very comfortably!
B008ZBPGFU Great gift Gave as Christmas present and they were well liked and I'm told they are very warm.  I want a pair too!
B009DL0YD0 Comfortable I Received as a gift and it fits like a glove! Thanks to my moms, I can work in comfort!
B009OL2L94 Christmas Gift I bought these boots for my daughter. She absolutely loved them. She wears an eight, so I bought them a half size bigger. Great fit!!
B00AQLQ05W So Far So Good! The boots are a Christmas gift for my grand daughter. I opened the box and they look great with good quality. The fit will come on Christmas Day!
B00AQMAYCG Beautiful Boots I sure hope that these fit, because they are absolutely gorgeous and well made. Gift for upcoming Christmas. thanks, Amazon.
B00AQMB9O8 YOUTH TIMBERLAND BOOTS MY NIECE WAS THRILLED TO HAVE RECEIVED THEM AS A GIFT. THEY ARE SO ADORABLE AND ARE A GREAT FIT. THEY WERE MADE OF GOOD QUALITY LEATHER AND CRAFTSMANSHIP.
B00AR1VI30 Xmas gift These boots arrived quickly and in great condition. My daughters LOVE them and wear them every day. It's currently in the 60's in my region and they still try to wear them.
B00AR58UIC Christmas gift This was a gift for my grandsons I bought one for my six year old and the four year. They are pretty hard on boots
B00AR58UIC A Great Christmas Gift!!!! My son loved the boots. The gift was just in time for this years tough Winter. The boots came quick and before Christmas. I would use this seller again for sure. Thanks for making my son's Christmas this year one to remember.
B00AR58UIC Gift for my grandson I believe he and his mother were happy with them.
B00AW7M97S Perfect Gift I bought this for my sister and she absolutely adores them. She's a true size 8 and the Timberland 8s fit her perfectly. She said she didn't need to break in her boots as they were comfortable right from the start. The boots are sturdy and the quality is really high.
B00AW7M97S it was a gift for my wife and I've hit the target!!! Good stuff and price, looks very cute. My wife happy so am I. Quality is high, only need some waterproof spray (if you in rainy place)
B00AW8JG9G AWESOME! These were a gift from my Mom - they fit perfectly!  They don't even need a breaking in time - I love them!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots, wife approved!! I hit a homerun with these as a christmas gift for the wife!  She has gotten many complaints from friends and total strangers, very great purchase!
B00AW8JL0A Extremely disappointed I ordered timberland shoes as Christmas gift.The gift wrapping was awful. The paper did not fit the box and the cardboard showed through on the ends.When I opened to rewrap it..I discovered the box was not even the original timberland shoe box..but just a simple cardboard box.Now when I give the gift it looks like I maybe giving used shoes !!!!
B00AZPO1BY Very nice but...  3rd time using it and are broke These are very comfortable shoes, was a gift to my husband , he tryed and loved it .But by the 3rd time he is wearing them the upper part is getting apart.I wish can attach the picture.
B00AZPOIF8 Great casual shoe I bought these as a gift for my son. He loves them & says they fit perfectly. Fast service & a quality product.
B00B9PA37A Dad is super happy I got this is a gift for my father.  It shipped so quick, my father didnt know what it was and opened it! Christmas came early this year for him and it did not disappoint.  He loves these boots.  They have a great look and feel.  Very stylish.
B00B9PADZM Excellent customer service Item came within expected time frame. Brought as a Christmas Gift. Item was exactly as described. Item bought was a good fit.
B00B9PIUS4 Great He loved them...I bought them as a Christmas gift but got the wrong size. I'm glad you had the correct size to resend.
B00B9PM53U This was a gift This gift he loved them. he works at a car wash and they keep his feet warm and dry. Size was perfect
B00BB7BX66 Great! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved them. They fit him as expected, really good quality he loves these boots and I would recommend to anyone.
B00BB7BX66 Brown boots The Boots fit and look very nice. I'm very happy with this purchase because it was a Christmas gift. When my boyfriend opened his gift, he was vey impressed with the boots.
B00BB7BX66 christmas gift The sizing was true to size.  This was a gift for my son for Christmas and he loved them.  Very comfortable and he wears them everyday.  I would recommend this shoe to anyone.,
B00BCJV7H8 Gift for my sister She said from Ohio , so warm and cozy, perfect fit it's very hard to find size 6 available, so glad I found these
B00BCJWVSM ok its very nice. I just tried to buy it as a gift. never been worn yet. I bought this for a gift.
B00BCJXLHW perfect This is what I bought myself a Christmas gift, I really like this shoe, he's too cool, my friends say good-looking, most importantly, the price is really great, a lot cheaper than domestic, I love it ~
B00BCJXLHW Gift for daughter and she loves them I bought these as a gift for my daughter. She loves them! They fit perfectly and have the right about of pizzazz for her!
B00BCJXLHW Wonderful product! I bought these boots as a gift to my niece who requested them for Christmas.  She put them on her feet on Christmas morning and practically slept in them.  They were a huge hit with her!!
B00BCJXLHW Great women's boot. Bought this for my daughter as Christmas gift.  Beautiful design and all the girls are wearing now for the look, but also keep feet warm while stylish.
B00BF9PSUC Christmas Gift Exactly what my wife wanted.  Amazon was the one place I found the right side and color. She's a happy lady.
B00BSK1EX8 Satisfied The material to the inside is a bit softer than i expected, but generally satisfied with this item. Bought it as a gift nd he liked it very much
B00DHU57WG Perfect Boot! Came on time for Christmas Ordered this boot a couple of weeks before Christmas and it came right on time! It was the perfect fit and a great gift!
B00EAKXW6K timberland pro work boot I bought them for my son for a birthday gift, He loves them, He say's there the best boot he has ever worn. The fit is right on , and the cushion inside is very comfortable.
B00FXJOAA4 Little Brother's Christmas Gift My little brother wanted a new wallet for Christmas. BUT!He wanted it to be blue on the inside.When it first got here, i was worried it wasn't really gonna be blue, but just a lighter black fabric sewn into the interior. But, those fears were quickly wiped away.It was a lovely midnight blue with some sort of almost checkered...but not really checkered pattern. Nicely made, felt sturdy, smelled like real leather which is a plus in my book.He still loves it, so I do to!
B00J2HAA2U he is very happy. this is a gift for my uncle.he is very happy.
B00JV6739U GREAT SHOES They were purchased as birthday gift for grandson and he said they are GREAT. I had brought his mother a pair when she was young so we are just  bringing the tradition forward.
