B000073TM3 Very good Quality Made a very good gift. The receiver wore the boot just about everyday during the winter months. The color also did not fade once the waterproof was applied to the boot.
B0000AFSX4 good buy Runs a little big but other than that the fit is fine.  Good quality shoe and at a good price.
B0000AFSX4 good quality/price Those boots are very good quality. Very strong. Timberlands are large boots (impression) compairing to other shoes. The shoe sole is a little bit hard and not very flexibel.
B0000AFSYY good price they were a bit darker than what I expected but they were fine with me.there for a 6yr anyway..price good
B0000AT8CK Daughters will love My daughter was Happy.Good color and Just exactly what was exspected.They were real Timberlands and fast service, good job
B0000AT8CK GOOD GOOD
B0000DFAXV GOOD QUALITY THE  SHOES IS VERY HEAVY AND HARD,GOOD QUALITY,VERY THICK RUBBER SOLES,VERY NON-SLIP,NEXT TIME MAY BE ALSO PURCHASE,BUT HE PRICE IS A LITTILE EXPENSIVE
B0000DFAXV timberland sturdy boots this is my second pair they  last forever. the only problem was the shoe strings are too short. looks good with ur jeans. good product.good quality.
B0000DFAXV Very good quality Very good quality , they look really nice . I guess my daughter is going to get rid of them like new after several  years , they are so sturdy that I doubt anything will happen  to them
B0007T4IGG Great Boots The boots are just perfect. My nephew needed them for JROTC and finding a size 15 boat (oops boot) is getting hard to do. Good quality, stiching is secure, good solid feel.
B000AKVA6I nice boots really good working boots , comfortable and good looking for a long day at the ship yard I am a happy camper
B000AKVA6I Good quality boots. These boots are well built top quality. Good fit and light in weight. Comfort sole and heel.I'm going to buy another pair to have when these wear out.If the wear out.
B000AKVA6I good enough For the money they are good. Rather comfortable, but I don't walk around much since I weld all day. One more word required.
B000BB15ZC Good Boots ,Low Cost, Was surprised they fit so well, my feet are a wide, these are a 11.5 Wide, took a 2.5 mile hike 1st and they were very stable on rocky surfaced gravel type road,up and down some good hills.Flexible, they seem pretty tough enough to last awhile, will have to see. Light weight impressed me, Packaged was very good by Sunny Sports. Will recommend them ,now i have to buy some work type boots , so i can switch off ,i want to keep these just for Hiking!
B000BB15ZC Comfortable wook boots a must.. Very comfortable work boot!! Leather a bit softer then expected but over all good quality. You can't go wrong. Worth the cost...
B000BB15ZC They look good. I only gave this boot 4 stars, because these boots aren't very warm. But they look good, and are very comfortable.This is probably the lightest boot I've ever owned. Timberland makes a good product.
B000BB15ZC Good booy by the cost Perfect! I already had other at Brown and it is a good boot. There are other good boots besides Timberland, but I think that Timberland can give us a good product by a reasonable cost.
B000BB15ZC good color is wrong,but it's ok,gore tex very good,keep the water out the shoes.and the shiping is can be watch,very nice.
B000BB15ZC Good value Low-key enough to wear at work with jeans. Waterproof. Light. Some ventilation. Perfect for long, hot motorcycle rides and still good for walking.
B000BFIHVS Overall comfort and quality Comfort Like the overall design structure. Good fit and seems to have quality.Good overall choice. Would recommend to others
B000BFIHVS good lightweight boots More comfortable than expected.  Not as breathable as Merrell.  Good buy for the $.  Look like they will be durable for farm work.  Only 1 week so far.
B000BFIHVS good one my first Timberland bought at $50.48,  comfortable and waterproof ,  very good one.I will buy another 10061 next time
B000BFIHVS very good I choose 10.5 W and it's fit well to me.Comfortable and good color I think.Package was not bad..
B000BFIHVS Good fit This is a good work shoe as that is what im using it for, fits good and very comfortable shoe for my 10 hrs a day on my feet job requires , delivered on time , very happy with this purchase
B000BFIHVS Great boots. The look, the quality, the sizing and price all very good. Great boots. The look, the quality, the sizing and price all very good. This is a very good boot for hiking or casual wear.
B000BFIHVS Good boot Great for hiking. Like that it comes in a wide which is very hard to find in the stores.  The price was good for the quality.  Very comfortable fit.
B000BFIHVS excellent! good product. Timberland is a good brand. I just bought  a little bigger, but it was my fault. Very good!
B000BFIHVS Good quality as usual I love timberland boots. It has a very good quality and it fits very well. I used my last boot for 6 years.
B000BFIHVS Seems like good boots I ordered the wrong size. I ordered 9, should've ordered 8 1/2. Not their fault, but mine. Look good like quality boots
B000BFIHVS good boots Good for hiking, walking in snow and slush.  Put on a coat of quality water repellent prior to using them.
B000BFIHVS Good looking boot. Got them when promised. Tomorrow will make a week at work with them. They do seem to need break in time, because my feet do feel it a bit. So far so good.Good times.Carl Schmeklinberg
B000BFIHVS feels good Feel good on my feet, fits good, no slip, good traction. I did put a coat of mink oil on. A++
B000BFIHVS very good product very good productProduct met expectations if the price is worth the payment .. are very good and been very satisfied.The size is perfect ..
B000BFIHVS good Discount is very good, love family, very to force, hope still to discount next time, I will continue to buy
B000BFIHVS good quality The leather is good. It is very comfortable. the waterproof leather is easy to have some scratches on it. It doesn't matter to me. All in all  it is a good product.
B000BFIHVS Good for the price Paid $45 dollars for these and at that price they were worth it. At a higher price it would be questionable as the quality of the materials is not at the highest level
B000BFIHVS Great boot for the Price This boot is a great product for the price. The boot is very durable and is very good at keeping water out. These boots have good traction and will keep your feet dry. Also, the boots are very lightweight, so they are suited for shorter and some longer hikes. The boots have a very nice look to them. For their price range, they are a very good choice.I would recommend this to anyone who is a weekend hiker.Likes: Color, lightweight, waterproof, comfortableDislikes: The leather starts to go bad after awhile
B000BFIHVS Not for cold winter, good for nasty fall or spring Fits perfect. Good quality for little money. It's light and comfortable. Water resistance proved in first week of wearing.I recommend it. My next boots will be also Timberland
B000BFIHVS I finnaly find a well made pair of boots. Very good pair of boots for a very good price. Fit well, good cushion. I'm very happy with my choice.
B000BFIHVS i could only put 4 stars i ordered 2 pairs timerland shoes from Amazon, i was expecting they are both good quality, when i just opened the package, i felt good, but after wore a few days, the glue alreay apart on the side. i am not sure if the shoes had producted for a long time or somthing, but the quality is not so good, i am talking about the glue, it is a outdoor style, but i dont think i will wear it on a hikging.
B000BFIHVS Perfect for me I am using this boot from past 3 months and I am actually enjoying it. It has really good grip on surface (and yeah ! i tried on snow too). It is very comfortable + kinda stylish.. Full water proof  and the coating is still as good as new.
B000BFIHVS Awesome Fits and wears perfect looks really good comfortamble all day laces are ruggered and yes I'd buy again. Good day
B000BFIHVS Good Packing is good. There is no damage on the shoes. It's totally new and very good. However,  i could not get the bill.
B000BFIHVS Good product! I bought these for my dad and he loves them. Comfortable, name brand, and a good price! Cant beat that!
B000BFIHVS Great deal! Good fit and good price. Boots are lighter than my combat boots and waterproof! Fast shipping. I think I will order another pair.
B000BFIHVS very good Products are very satisfied. Good fit for the size of the shoe to the foot comfort. Next, I want to buy again if the opportunity.
B000BFIHVS Tim White Ledge I have had these before so I know they will be good, comfortable, and long lasting. I would recommend these to others.
B000BFIHVS So good. Good boots, All that i was wanted.The color is that i want. The size is perfect. Comffortable. So fine the time of delivery.
B000BFIHVS Very good product. I purchased this boots for my dad and he loved them so much. Very comfortable, warm, good looking, not heavy.
B000BFIHVS as promised very good fit, light with good traction. I'll withhold the last star until i see how well they hold up.
B000BFIHVS good boot No complaints so far...I'm happy with them.....the lace hooks have held up well and my feet have stayed dry and they look good
B000BFIHVS good I like timberland. These were price well. they fit great as always. i'm a 10.5 wide.  They fit me well.  good stuff. Be nice if Timberland made this stuff in USA and marketed it . I'd pay a little extra to bring all these products back home where they belong.
B000BFIHVS Good pair of boots. So far these boots meet my expectations.  I like the waterproof aspect and the fit is good.  if they maintain the durability they seem to have I will maintain the five star rating.
B000BFIHVS good boot, good buy, would buy again!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bought these boots back in nov. 2012 . i have worn these boots sense then every day,and most of the time all day, for work and play, and still wearing them. the toe guard has come loose from the leather a little bit , and they are not water prof any more .other than that still in good shape.i just bought another pair of timberland. very good buy!!!!!!!!!!!!! paid 79.99 for new boots  Timberland Earthkeepers Mt. Maddsen Leather 8.5w
B000BFIHVS Good boots They feel good, look good and they walk well. What more can you expect.  Thats all I want to say.
B000BFIHVS Buy Timberland Very good boot! Timberland boots are great keep making them and I'll never buy anything else! I would recommend them to anyone wanting a good quality boot.
B000BFIHVS a little large,but its good a little large,but it is good,and the price is good ,lower than other stores,save my money to but others what i like
B000BFIHVS Ok Good ,I like it .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .I saw this item in a shop, after that i found it in online
B000BFIHVS Good Boots excellent price Good Boots I have a pair every year and they ae durable and fits well. Price is good for the quality they have.
B000BFIHVS Good shoe for a good price I bought 2 pair, one for my son, and one for me.  The shoe was comfortable from the first time on. I hope it continues to be as good as it seems now.
B000BFIHVS 5 stars ,nice boots,just what i want just right ,thanks very much.its real good,been looking for this pair of boot,my color,style and every thing good on it
B000BFIHVS good darn boot Very good fit anyone with feet problems .nuraphy needs to chek it out thankz i need a nother i will go toAmazon.
B000BFIHVS wellconstructed Boot appears to be well constructed but is not as good fit as the flume which is slightly more expensive. the round laces not as good as the flat with the flume
B000BFIHVS Nice Boot.  Good Price. I wear my boots for outdoor work.  The boot has been very comfortable right from the start.  The soles have good grip on dry grasses ... a substrate with the slickness of Teflon on the wrong sole.  I suspect that the first thing to give out will be the laces; the bungee kind of loose thread. Otherwise, I find these boots to be of fair value for the price.
B000BFIHVS Great boots these fit like they were supposed to and are good, quality / not too heavy, but sturdy enough to do the job
B000BFIHVS Great Boots The boot fits good and looks good!!As expected!! Took them out the box and started wearing them. Didn't need to break them in.  And the shipping was quick!
B000BFIHVS Good boot for the money Fit was a bit big but I think with a bit of break in they will be fine.  Construction is good.  I would buy again.
B000BFIHVS Not that good Uncomfortable. Soles wore quickly. The price is attractive but Its worth spending more on a better quality boot. Don't recommend.
B000BFIHVS Good Boot Very nice looking hiking boot, good price.Made well and fit's nicely, confortable.They met my expections Timberland make'shigh quality products
B000BFIHVS Great footwear, very comfortable! 4 stars for now the 5th can only come from longevity....timberlands I've had in the past have proven worth the $.$70 including the shipping cost is a great price for a good pair of boots!  So far, so good!
B000BFIHVS very good It's as good as expected, perfectly fit my feet, and very comfortable.The quality looks like good.Thanks! That's a happy shopping.
B000BFIHVS would like to recommend it. Very good product. I like it very much. It fits my feet pretty well. The quality is very good and the price is reasonable.
B000BFIHVS Excelent Good, comfortable, comfortable, quality ... I recommend it, you can buy it without hesitation. Good price. the best brand in shoes of this type
B000BFIHVS not so heavy than i expected it is good, light than i expected,looks narrow but fit my foot better than i expected, good boot,i like timberland,
B000BGMMZ4 Great So this my first review but these boots were that good. Look good with anything. Nicest timbs iv seen. Not too expensive. Shipped fast. Perfect for any man any age. Get them u wont regret it
B000BOFDF2 Good looking Hiker I would recommend these boots, they fit good and look good. I had my others for 8 years. They're light weight and  easy to walk in.
B000FDPXW2 Good The boots came within a week they are legit and came in brand new condition as stated. I am very pleased with the boots and they are a good buy. they are durable and will last you at least two years if you take good care of them.
B000FX9A5S Good boots Very good boots. A little bit heavier than I expected, but to be expected from a safety boot. Very comfortable and good looking as well. Highly recommended!
B000FX9A5S good product  fit great very warm comfortable right out of the box. They are very warm. I would recommend them. They were a good value. Good Purchase
B000FX9A5S Good boots I'd say these are pretty good boots. They're comfortable and do the job. I like them a lot more than the Dr. Marten's Industrial steel-toes I got last time.
B000G1Z9XG Exited for Good Looking Product I really do appreciate the good work you guys are doing i like the shoes its fine to me can't complain
B000G21BSC Great boot, good fit! These are true to size fit sturdy and are comfortable! Good color and good flex at top of ankle support.
B000G21BSC good, serviceable hiking boots. Inexpensive. For a relative inexpensive pair of hiking boots, it would be difficult to do much better than this one.  They are quite sturdy, fit very well, look good and do the job you paid them to do.  There is a bit of a break-in period for these and like another reviewer, I found them a bit stiff at first but after that I certainly have no complaints.  I do not know if I would want to use these in the fridge north, but for normal weather, they are just fine.  They look good in jeans or hiking shorts.
B000G23DQK Good Quality Was looking for a good quality leather boot. Also wanted water proof. Have not worn them too much. But they are very comfortable and true to size.
B000G23DQK boots! good work and good product! im from venezuela and I LOVE timberland boots! peace to yall keep alive da real hip hop!
B000G23DQK Good Quality theses boots are very good quality and the waterproofing actually works unlike most other boots. highly recommend to anyone who is looking in the market
B000G23DQK Good boot, a little uncomfortable at first A little uncomfortable at first. The leather is definitely good quality, but walking is a little painful at the beginning. I guess this is expected considering this is a sturdy boot. After using for about 2 weeks the leather is softening, and it's getting more comfortable.
B000G23DQK Love it..!!! good quality boot...
B000G23DQK Really perfect boots just fit my feet. Though I got the boots with slight damage,I feel good for Amazon's quick reply and good service.I appreciate Amazon's solution to my problem.I think it's of vital importance for a company to keep good after-sale services. And Amazon really did that.
B000G23DQK Large, about one size lager than normal. good looking and good quality, but little bit larger and hard. May hurt you feet the first few times you wear it.
B000G23DQK Good Quality Boots I must say, these boots are very high quality. Although I wish I would of ordered a different color because all black does not look good. Actually, I think I ordered the blue one but got the black ones. But I can't really remember and returning the package and getting a new package uhh too much work. Oh well. Anyways, these boots are good nonetheless.
B000G23DQK Good and Comfortable Good buy! A little pricey though compared to those at the outlets, but nevertheless a pair of very high quality shoes.
B000G23DQK Good quality-bought for friend Wear an 11, ordered an 11 and fits well.  No problems with comfort or quality and got at good price.
B000G23DQK very good It is my first boot.It is very good,i think i will buy another soon.IT rotect my feet very well.
B000G24LJS Classic Timberlands are better than ever The 3 eye lug Timberlands are still the best.  The sizing is good, and they are immediately comfortable.  A classic that's still good looking and works for casual and casual/dress with jeans and khakis....
B000G24LJS quality very good quality I like the shoes and that is why I ordered same. Best regards. They are comfortable and snazzy
B000G24LJS Good It's very good!!!
B000G24LJS Timberland Shoes A good quality heavyweight boat shoe.  These were delivered promptly and I have had no problems (which is good since I am over 4,000 miles away).
B000G24LJS Good, but not as good as they used to be. I have had several pairs of these before.  Quality of construction is not quite what it used to be, but still pretty good overall.  Wish they made this product with a smoother sole rather than the lug sole, so my wife would not complain so much about dragging mud etc. into the house.
B000G24LJS Good Quality The shoes is so excellent, good quality and fit my foot,  i love it and i will but this brand again.
B000G24LJS A GOOD DEal Good shoes,  good fit, rapid delivery and no tax-- What's not to like. What's not to like, What's not to like.
B000G24LJS Good quality, correct fit Timberland and New Balance shoes are both true to size, and also come in wide widths, so they are good candidates for buying over the Internet. The quality of Timberland matches or exceeds the price; you truely get what you pay for.
B000G24LJS it's a nice pair of shoes price was competitivethe style is classic, you will never go wrong with these,size is just nicegood good good
B000G24LJS As expected a good shoe still good Been wearing them for years and ordering from Amazon was very simple and efficient. A good sturdy shoe for many occasions.
B000MQHHB2 sox These are pretty good sox.  Good weight and cushion.  They are mid calf in height which is more than I would like.  At least the stay up and don't slip down around your ankle.  These would be a good sock for sports and or a work sock.  Would recommend if you need a good white sock.July 20. 1911update:change rating to one or two stars.  Elastic on inside is separating and making loops that catch your toes, outside looks great, turn inside out and there are elastic strings everywhere, cut some off and more appear.  These aren't that old and only worn one day at a time before washed.  I don'trecommend and will never buy again.
B000MQHHB2 I love these socks. A good value, and with the price of cotton rising in 2011, I bought another pack of 3. Very warm, soft, and comfy.  A good buy at $12.00 for a pack of 3.
B000MQL2TK very good Comfortable, fit well, haven't shrunk. I don't know what else to say about these, except worth the price. I would recommend these.
B000MX4UGU good buy that was a good buy.  Good fitting, yes I would recommend my friends about this product.
B000NKIGNK yes Very good product excellent 100% good quality came in good condition always try to qualify according to the purchasing conditions
B000NKIGNK Can't buy any better They are not only made well but comfortable and durable. Timberland makes a good product and they last (my last pair must have been 10yrs +). Throw in a good price and you can't loose.
B000NKIGNK good very good&#65281;Shoe size is very appropriate, wearing feel good&#12290;Next time will buy&#65281;I would recommend it to my friends&#65292;The brand is very good&#65292;Thank you
B000QW02F0 good customer service Good boots but had an issue with the waterproof aspect .I've had many pairs before, must of been a fluke. Customer service took care of the problem. Thank you.
B000UCCQEQ Good Boot Excellent shoes, I wear to work, go out there, from here to there and have gone very well, this line of timberland is phenomenal, with a traction foot makes you feel with freshness and flexibility, very good boot, very good pair!
B000VQ9QKS Very good quality and comfort These boots look cute and feel comfortable, somewhat light-weight and a little bigger than same size tenis shoes. Good quality.
B000VQ9QKS lightweight, good quality, and my mom is happy with them these are a good quality boot, and they are priced right.  They are lightweight, have a nice sole pattern, have a thick tongue, and the only thing i would say is you might want to buy a pair of cushion inserts (dr souls??) to make them absolutely comfortable because like most boots and shoes these days, it seems like the standard inserts dont do much for comfort.  I bought the mens version, and liked them so much i bought a pair for my mom, hence why i'm rating for these.  Overall, sure there's better boots out there, but for the price, these are well worth the money.
B000VQBPOS good quality wears well, always good for everyday running around on errands. Great for hiking or spending time outdoors. Great casual look with slacks or jeans.
B000VQDBU4 Comfy I love this!!  I like Timberland and it was good price and I decide to buy.  This is good quality and very comfortable.
B000VW69IY Timberland Men's Very good quality, sturdy leather upper. Workmanship is also very good. The size was just a little bigger than expected. However I am overall pleased with this product.
B000VW69IY in general good comfortable, stylish, very durable, Good Quality and  good price.But it is Relatively heavy and Slippery on ceramics. In general it is good.
B000VW69IY Good quality Over all its a good buy and the delivery was great. I ordered another sandles of which size 7.5 was too small so I had to get 8.5. This 8.5 is a bit loose but still will do. Quality is great
B000VW69IY ok good thing and very good service. Because it's arrive on time really. So you can go pro with the store.
B000VW9Q6G wonderful! I simply love these shoes. They are extremely comfortable and stylish. Made of very good material and good quality.
B000VX01V4 Good price, good product I like it)
B000VX01V4 Good leather stitched onto a hard rubber sole, that's it. Could've been better with some shock absorption and a few ounces less As advertised - it's a classic shoe in the sense that it's well made and will probably a good while, the leather is good quality and the stitching accurate & pleasing to the eye. It's also a classic because it's just a piece of hard plastic with leather sewn into it, so you won't find any type of shock absorption to smooth things out. It's rock hard, a bit on the heavy side. Kind of tiring over a full day. Does look good  & the price is attractive.
B000VX01V4 good  boat shoe it's my first time to buy the shoe via amazon and it's my first timberland shoe, too.very good quality, good style and good color.But unfortunenately, it's a little bigger than sports. Usually I wear US8 is ok for sports shoes, but for this type of timberland, it's a little big.anyhow, the shoes is worth of the price. very nice!!
B000VX01V4 Always loves it! I have bought over ten pairs of timberland shoes.Good look and good quality,fits well!  I love it so so much!
B000VX01V4 Looks good...Feels good The leather is nicer than on Sperrys. It is softer and more cushioned than I expected. I would buy these again (but I wont because they will last.)
B000VX01V4 Good! It's good for 50$I like this brand.But their buts loose, their previous quality. I was using My first timbs 10 years. My new timbs - due after one season
B000VX01V4 VERY GOOD I really like it i give it 5 star.the shoes also arrive in good conditionGood product qualityTQ
B000VX01V4 Good and Comfortable Timberland is my favorite brand&#65292;this boat shoe is classic and fantastics. They are pretty comfortable, and quality looks good. This is a satisfactory shopping.
B000VX03GC Good value for price Good fit, good moisture (snow) resistance, good traction.  The boots did not require any break in period.  Very satisfied with purchase.
B000VX03GC Good boot for the money This is a well made product and keeps your feet dry as you hike in wet conditions.They are better suited for a wide foot. They are difficult to snug up with the laces and untie if you don't double knot them securely.They give good traction and would be better suited for light hiking than backpacking.A good durable boot for the money.
B000VX03GC timberland boots are good. ...it fits as expected. why do I need to say anything else if it fits? doesn't make sense to me.
B000VX03GC nice yes ,cool leather .order half size upwell made. comfort. keep me dry. acceptable price .good for hiking ,sports etc.....light weight and good quanlity
B000VX03GC good fit The fit is good and comfortable for my feet.  Arch support is good.  The quality has been good, considering the extra wear and tear I put on shoes.  My only complaint, a minor one, is the types of laces (round woven over a center core) which fray easily and then need to be replaced within a short time (1 to 2 months)
B000VX03GC Very good boots. Very good boots.  Comfortable right out of the box.  I highly recommend them for all but the most serious hikes.
B000VX03GC Timberland chocurua trail I like this product because it is of good qualitybought some in the past, are comfortable last long.all good
B000VX03GC Good Shoes Good quality, very comfortable, good price.  I love these shoes!  I am an avid Colorado hiker and will use these for day hikes.
B000VX03GC A good buy Good fit.  An excellent Quality for Price I paid. Strongly recommend to those looking for casual hikers or wintry weather.
B000VX03GC good hiking boot Timberland chocorua's are good hiking boots. Light weight and they give you good ankle support. I would recommend treating the leather areas with snoseal (bees wax) before you wear them and every so often after you break them in. it will help keep the leather from cracking in the creases and near where the leather meets the soles. The snoseal is also good for keeping the boots water resistant.  The soles seemed a little thin against jagged stones but offered good traction and stability.These are my second pair, I've hiked some in the adirondaks with these boots and also the kalalau trail. I've also used them during early archery season and just around the property. I didn't like the leather cracking or the seemingly thin soles, thats why only four stars. I think the snoseal will help with the leather cracking issue. Good boot otherwise.Shipping from amazon.com was amazingly fast, 3-4 days standard shipping.
B000VX03GC first impression:  it fits good, light shoes NOT a good grip on wet rocks They fit good (foot size 11-  shoe size 11), they are quite light for the protection they are supposed to offer, however I found they do NOT have a good grip on wet rocks so be careful.
B000VX03GC good good ,GTX is good,Very comfortable to wear.Good ventilation, light, wind, water.Really cheap price, quality is very good, fast delivery, after also bought.
B000VX03GC Very Pleased - Good price, good quality, fast shipment, well made, fit correctly. What more could I ask for? Actually, would have appreciated a piece of paper with instructions on proper care - emailed them for it.
B000VX03GC Great boots Good fit, very light but still durable. The soles are very good on the trail but be careful on slick rocks.
B000VX03GC Good boot I am giving this 4 stars because it is still new so the durability has not been determined yet but the fit is good and it seems to be well made.  Happy with it.
B000VX03GC Just outright amazing. + good price. 
B000VX03GC Great boots Work for winter (shoveling at least) and hiking, good support, everything I would expect. Timberland makes quality boots. Good price as well.
B000VX03GC good boots i love these boots.  warm and good for working in. comfortable for all day use.  good hiker too. i like these boots.
B000VX03GC very nice Very comfortable, very good, to the feet of protection is very good,The shoes of the material is very good,Waterproof performance didn't test, the hope can be lasting
B000VX03WQ Good fit, good quality... ...but I wish the tongue gusset was still in place.  I've been in this model of Timberland for 20+ years and they're great for all day wear.  I don't have the knees for hiking any more, but I do still wish that gusset was still in place.  Helps keep water out, too.
B000VX04PC good boot, but... Pro: good styling, looks good even with nicer casual clothes, very durable upper and tread, fully waterproofCon: VERY hard inner sole. Even with good replacement footbeds, harder and less confortable than other hiking shoes and boots I have owned.
B000VX04PC Just what we expected Good price and solid construction
B000VX061O boat shoes this is a good shoe, but not as good as my old ones that were made in the USA, and were more costly!!!!!!!!!!
B000VX4WP0 Good Boot for a Good Price! I have gotten spoiled with Ecco's and so I was a little disappointed with the bulky nature of the fit just like almost every boot. I will enjoy them but will go back to Ecco's when they wear out.
B000X46MOQ Good purchase Boots are comfortable and fit well.Very good priceHope they hold up well. Slightly concerned because after one wear the color got scuffed off on toe portion of boot . So far no problems
B000X46MOQ Good boot/shoe Good boot/shoe and a very good price.  Amazon had best price.  Comfortable, soft, and looks good too.  I bought about 10 different/brands and this is my favorite.
B000XEA5ZI Very good work shoe Very good work shoe thats very comfortable. Fits well and wears good but not for snowy or icy conditions. You will slip . Have other timberland with different soles. Those are for winter. These are good for 3 seasons
B000XEA5ZI Good Buy I walk a lot at work and these are very comfortable while still keeping my feet dry and protected.  The fit is good, but took a little bit to break in.
B000XEAA0S Great Quality and Comfortable Work Boot I purchased this item for my fiancee who works in construction.  He has said nothing but good things...They are comfortable, heavy duty and look really good!!!
B000XEACHO Good boot so far I've only been wearing them about a month but they fit well and look good.
B000XEACHO would recomend only wore a couple weeks now but so far so good. no break in time needed with these boots. comfy, they looked nice, & good traction.
B000XEACHO Great quality This is the third pair of Timberlands that I have ordered for my husband. This is the first time that we have ordered the waterproof ones and so far they seem to be working great. The other pairs that we had bought were put to good use and the quality is really good.
B000XEACHO good boots The timberland boot's quality is fabulous, I enjoy it, will buy such brand shoes again. the customer service is satisfying as we'll.
B000XEAJOK Great work boot As an industrial welder you need good boots. These look good and feel good. Can't complain at all. Good pair of boots.
B000XEAPDA so far so good The shoes were as we expected them to be, very comfortable, right fit. Only thing they came a bit late.
B000XEAPDA GR8 Great pair of boots....Lightweight.........Buy them,Buy them,Buy them,Buy them,Buy them,Buy them, and good price........Fit good and do not hurt feet.....Amazon rules in quality.
B000XEEQAI good light boot Boots are a little wider than expected but really good boot. Very light weight. Are very soft on your feet
B000XEEQAI So far so good So far after only a couple of days they still feel pretty good just hope it stays that way. I sure hope I don't have to deal with the sole breaking like mentioned in so many reviews.
B000XEEQAI Good boot A good work boot for the money.On Amazon these where 2/3 the price of my local (Sears) store.I work on my feet all day in my fabrication shop. A good comfortable boot is essential.My feet are VERY particular - I have a hard time finding boots that feel good, most I can't tolerate.These fit well, feel good all day long and have held up well to the abuse of a welding/fabrication/machine shop environment.I'm on my second pair and will be ordering a third. So far these have held up very well and feel better than any boot I've purchased in the past 5 years.
B000XEEQAI WORK BOOTS NICE BOOT,FITS GOOD LOTS OF TOE ROOM AS I HAVE A WIDE FOOT.I USE THEM TO LOAD AND UNLOAD TRAILERS AND ALSO TO DRIVE SAME TO DELIVER AND PICKUP FREIGHT.I WORK FOR A LARGE LTL COMPANY AND THE FREIGHT RANGE IS INCREDABLE AND AT TIMES DANGEROUS.I MUST BE ABLE TO DEPEND ON SAFE WELL CONSTRUCTED BOOTS AS THERE ARE NO SECOND CHANCES.SO FAR GOOD CONSTRUCTION,GOOD TRACTION IN WET OR DRY WARM OR COLD AND IN VARYING SMOOTH AND OR ROUGH SURFACES.I'VE YET TO DROP ANYTHING ON THEM AND CAN ONLY HOPE THIER LIGHT WEIGHT IS DECEPTIVELY STRONG.ALL IN ALL GOOD SO FAR.
B000XEEQAI boots were just as described and came in good I work on my feet and need good comfortable boots that are supportive these fit bill exactly I will order them again
B000XEH2JA seems like a good boot.. I'm in them all day..10 -12 hours in all kind of conditions. They have good traction.So far, so good..Thanks!!
B000XEH2JA none Well i thinking this kind of shoes are a good quality but not really because they are not good ,not comfortable, my foot sting I wear 10 hrs per day and switch every other with other brand but this shoes in my personal opinion they are not good quality ,and not buy another,and  to much money and poor quality.
B000XEH2JA very good Very good overall, comfortable, waterproof, just what I needed. If you are looking for a very good work boot, you found it. Recommend it.
B000XEIZ7S Work boots Very good product.  I try to replace my boots every year.  These usually are in good shape when I retire them.
B000XEIZ7S Good boot So far so good, but have not tested at work yet.  Light and comfortable.  Was a tag sticking out inside one of the boots that was annoying at first but after using a while, no more issues.
B000XEJ9V4 Very comfortable Have only worn a short time but they have a roomy fit and don't constrict my feet at all. So far so good.
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland Pro 8" Very very good boots! I can tell everyone to buy them... Good price...good shipping...fast deal! They are so comfortable and warm and very fashion. i may give them A+++
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland Pro 8" I had a hard time finding 8 inch boots with eyelets all the way up at a decent price and good quality. This boot was comfortable out of the box and appears to be of good quality. We'll see how enduring they are over the winter.
B000XEKCRE Excellent boot Waterproof, protective toe, good quality, good fit.This is a good boot for outdoors and for working.I would recommend.
B000XEKCRE Good boot, BUT... I've had a few pairs of these in the past and this pair is by far the least quality made of them so far.not didn't come in a width that fit me good,They did eventually stretch out and are fairly comfortable, they no longer come with a tab on the back to pull them on with.
B000XEKHOC Good product @ a good price These are the only shoes my husband wears at work. Sturdy for a tough job but comfortable enough to wear all day.
B000XEKHOC Good Boot Just put these on this day. Fit is just right. Good strong feel to the boot. Love them so far and most times I can tell if a shoe or boot will be good as soon as I put them on for the first time. These passed that test !!
B000XEKHOC Good boots I've had these for about two weeks and they have been very comfortable. If they hold up good  I will certainly by again.
B000XEKHOC The boots overall is still relatively good, but there are also some small flaws It is comfortable to wear, on the feet of the package is good, permeability is good, at least not feel uncomfortable. The size of your shoes fit, wear look tough, I very love. This pair of shoes are harder, not long time walking okay, but long time walking will be very tired, the feet will acid. But this pair of shoes on the feet of the package is really very good, very comfortable!
B000XEKHOC Good Boots These timbies are a good boot for the money. Well constructed and a thick slip resistant sole. I purchase them for all my employees
B000XEKHOC good comfort Love the feel of these boots and the insulationThey have for the cold weather is a plus for me.And they look good.
B000XEKHOC Good Boots!! This is probably the most comfortable boot I have even worn.  They are heavy but I am used to wearing sneakers so that makes sense.  Good workout for your ankles and calves too.  Good boot overall.
B000XEKHOC This pair of boots is very good This pair of boots size is appropriate, style is very good, the leather is also good, I like it very much
B000XEKIUK Good Everthing is good except it is little narrow on top. Anyway, it is very confortable and the waterproof works well.
B000XEKIUK GOOD AND USEFUL I LIKE THIS BOOT VERY MUCH!!!!!!!I WORK WITH IT,IT IS VERY USEFUL!IT HAVE GOOD QUALITY AND VERY COMFORTABLE!!!GET IT NOW
B000XEKIUK REQUIRED Headline This is a good work boot. It met all expectations except it NOT waterproof. Taking off the boots at the end of a rainy night and you have wet socks. The foot bed/insole is very hard also. Otherwise, it worked pretty good. The insulation was nice with just a pair of normal socks on, and the sole seems to last forever. Good shoe for a great price, I will buy again.
B000XEKIUK Good deal! Broke in these boots within hours. Not too big or too small so the fit was good. Just the laces are a bit short the boots come with one skipped lace hole.
B000XEKIUK Takes a while to break in Very good shoe will do better with a cushioned insole but really good for the most part my opinion best get 1/2 size bigger for comfort which is what we did all in all we were satisfied
B000XEKIUK good every day boot Lightweight boots good footwear,real good price would buy again ,make foot look small quick delivery would recommend to all my coworkers.
B000XEKIUK Nice work boot These boots are perfect for my job and they fit very well. I actually got a different size at first and had to switch, but it was easy and then when they came, good fit. They look good and feel well. Have to wear a couple times to get that nice fit. Very good buy!
B000XEKIUK Good Boots. If you're looking for good quality boots. Look no further! These boots will keep your feet warm and well protected.
B000XEKIUK good buy A lil snugg but overall they're good maybe I need to break them in or should've bought the next size but I'm content.
B000XEKK94 Timberlands are always good quality. Timberlands are always good quality. You cant really go wrong with them. They are a bit heavy so don't wear them places where you will be walking all day but very good boot.
B000XEKK94 very good boots as a gift to my father, pretty good quality! My father is very like it. proofwater in rain wear. good!
B000XEKK94 good price, great boots, dont' tell me what to do word wise good price, great boots,don't tell me what to do word wise - I don't appreciate it - get a life
B000XEKK94 great great more comfortable than my old boots that were already broken in. good cjoice for me but its annoying to have to write so much when you just want to give a good review!
B000XEKK94 Still good Been using this model boot for 10 years and they're still good.  Gladd I was able to get them for a good price at Amazon.
B000XEKK94 Good boots TheyHave a good feel to them, not hard at all. Recommend to get these boots if you walk allot or stand on your feet
B000XEKK94 so good! Shoes are very good, but some weight , thin body that I can not hold it there , just a joke, size is also very appropriate !
B000XEKK94 nice it's good boot.  but u'd better go to store find out your size. I dont know what else to say except good.
B000XEKK94 Good strong and comfortable I bought this boots for me and I have loved them since I took them out of the box, Thanks to Timberland for this comfortable and good boots
B000XEKK94 As expected Fit well. The boots are well made and look good. They are a tall boot meaning they have a thick sole and you will stand a bit taller in them!
B000XEKK94 A nice pair of boots! I'm very happy with this pair of boots!  Nice fit (leaving just enough room for a boot sox), good support, good traction on my hilly Oregon property, and little or no break-in was required. A good boot for the price I'm happy to recomend to anyone...
B000XEKK94 Timberland boots Look good. Fit good. Tough and watertight. And they ad an inch or so onto your height when you wear them. What more could you ask for?  A good price too.
B000XELF3O So far not so good. My heels blistered the first two days then the right ankle started with discomfort. So far not so good.
B000XELF3O Just what we needed. This is a good well built boot though rather expensive.  My son has wide feet and it is hard to get boots to fit so this was a good option.  I sure hope they last!
B000XELF3O Good Quality I chose these boots because of Timberland's reputation,and I have not been disappointed. The materials are of good quality, and the sole is sown, not glued, to the upper. The boots were comfortable immediately.I would recommend these boots highly.
B000XELF3O Good Boots Arrived when they said they would, size was correct and fit good. A little stiff for the first few days, but i think im breaking them in. Comfortable, haven't had any foot discomfort. Overall, for the money, i'm pretty pleased with these boots.
B000XELF3O Good quality shoes They are  good quality shoes.It took a little bit long time to arrive.They fit good . Weight wise they are little heavy but steel toes are all heavier than the non-steel ones.
B000XELF3O Good so far So far so good.  It only took a day of walking around in these to make them comfortable.  Don't lace to the top for first couple days then do it and it shouldn't be bad breaking them in.  I will change my rating or leave them same after I get some good miles on em
B000XELF3O Good fit Good fit,very well built boot.A great value.A brake in period will be needed;but that's expected.I'm on my feet 10-12 Hour's a day ,so both Comfort and durability are important.
B000XELF3O it is good it's very good&#65292;i&#8216;m like it  very much.This boot is very comfortable, great looks, and the color was nice. very good
B000XELF3O Best price around, better than Sears sale price The boots fit very well, very comfortable and good price.  Good quality leather. I would recommend the purchase of these boots.
B000XELF3O good boot these boots are good although i like my irish setters better. the 14 are to tight and the 15's are a little big
B000XELF3O For the price I paid it is a good deal!! This boot I have been searched for a while. I tried it on the local retail store but they don't have wide size available. I try my luck on Amazon. Fortunately enough, I order my right size and lower price than my local store. However, the shoes I received has obvious scratches on shoe face. I hope the Amazon can notice me before they ship it to me. I need this shoes to perform my job in the FAB next week. Otherwise, I will be thinking to ask for exchange of "quality control" shoes to me. But, it is a good pair of steel toe boots to wear. I will recommend who wants to have a good working boots to purchase from Amazon if they really know the good service of Amazon.
B000XELF3O comfortable Good boots at a god price.Bought them because I have trouble finding boots in my size at the store.These fit good and they are comfortable.
B000XELF3O YEAH I can't vouch for durability as I've only has them a few weeks but these boots are comfortable!  And good price!
B000XELF3O Very Dependable Boots for a good price. I have always had a good experience with Timberland boots.  My only beef is that they are not made in the USA.
B000XELF3O Great Boots Boots are sturdy and appear to be well made. The price was very good as well. I have put some good hours into them already. Time will tell if they go the distance. So far 5 stars
B000XELF3O sturdy need a little breaking in good boots for a good price, feel good on the feet, and are pretty well made. Size runs pretty true. Need a little breaking in but anything worth wearing does.
B000XELF3O Durable! Very good product quality, feels a little heavy and might feel tight at first, but after using them a few days your feet will shape the boots, so you'll get use to it, wish it had a softer sole pads but for the price that is good enough, you can always get pads separately. Will buy again!
B000XELF3O GOOD BOOTS Good price for timberlands, if your man goes through boots super fast, save your money. these will not last much longer than the less expensive ones. Upside my dog gets a new chew toy!
B000XELF3O Great boots Fits good. And very comfortable it was a very good decision to make a purchase from you. Thinking about buying a 2nd pair.
B000XELF3O Looks good Looks good at this point, but only time will tell. Hope they can last the day to day workload. Ill update if anything happens.
B000XELF3O Good boot, good price, looks good too... Got these boots about a month ago. Only took a few days to get them broke in. I work in a warehouse with concrete floor so comfort and support is a must. So far, so good with these boots. No complaints...
B000XELF3O Work Boots These boots get punished: gasoline, oil, dirt, rain, mud. Suede cleaner water and a rag and you get it looking as good as new. Real good quality as the name suggests.
B000XELF3O Good deal Good price, good fit, good quality.  I have been waiting for these boots to go on sale locally but decided to check prime. Found them already at sale price.
B000XELF3O very good Good work boot for the price. Boyfriend got these and compared to boots in the same price range these are very sturdy and comfortable. They seem like they will hold up well.
B000XETJU0 Good quality but squeeky I really like these boots. They're a bit tight, I should have gone one size larger. Also, one of the shoes has a loud squeak from the padding. Overall good quality, one year on they're still going hard.
B000XETJU0 i liked it, fits very good i really liked it, the size has no problem it fits as expected. the appearance of shoes is very good.
B000XETJU0 Good All over fit! I've been wearing this style work boot for about 5 years. Always been a good fit.  Amazon has one of the lowest prices for them!
B000XETJU0 Good Boot Very comfortable, and warm.  Solid sole.  Seem to be waterproof and high quality.  Have had good experience with Timberland in the past and these boots seem very good.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots! Fit well, wear very good with minimun break in. My feet have not hurt in these boots, unlike my Caterpillar boots that required a month of wear to break in. These timberland boots look good, fit good, wear good, and are easy to polish. I will buy another pair with steel toes for work.
B000XETJU0 Good boot. Good for everyday use. Good product. Purchased at a reasonable price. Is waterproof wore them in the snow on to occasions and keep my feet dry.
B000XETJU0 Timberline noob Well so far so good had two weeks in them good fit. But it is a work boot not a casuel shoe. Comfort is decent looks good but dont care about looks. Just want them to be rugged and had not enough time in them but so far so good
B000XETJU0 most geilivable delivery, no one of ha, it is a satisfactory purchase, the shoes are of good quality and better than expected, give a good review!
B000XETJU0 more height Can you get these in 8" height in lace up for stability ................ ??????????????? ?????? ??? ??? Good boots but need more selection. Someone please respond with good news
B000XETJU0 good pretty good and looks nice. It protects my feet well when I work outside. And price is also a good deal.
B000XETJU0 I love Timberland Good price&#65292;Good boots and Good Timberland Pro. The boots are comfortable for me to walk on the uneven pavement&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;Worth purchasing~~~~~~
B000XETJU0 Great workboots My Timberland Pro workboots have been great.  They look good, perform good, and were a good value.  The traction is excellent and they are finally getting comfortable.  My only complaint would be that they were a little stiff when I first got them, but now that they are broken-in, they feel great.  I would recommend them to anyone who spends a large amount of their day on their feet.
B000XETJU0 Good deal Kind of a long break in period, but good fit now. Good service from vendor.
B000XETJU0 Good, solid, kick about boots Timberland quality through and through.I use these as everyday wear and had absolutely no troubles with them from day one a very comfortable pair of boots.Good solid footwear with very good arch and ankle support, even sweaty feet and a days work don't stop these being comfortable.Good price, excellent quality and I would buy them again if needed.
B000XETU1I Good boots for the money I bought these to stop around in on mountains and in forests and such. They are comfortable and were a good value for the money
B000XETU1I it is good i like it ,it is good goodand it is Affordable &#65292;just look like the redwing 875. it is great
B000XEVJJO Very good. These shoes are very comfortable and practical.  I am on my feet all day, and they have very good support.
B000XEVJJO Good value For the price......I had to give these work boots a try. They are well made and fairly lightweight. They are also quite comfy....after I added my own insoles.
B000XEVLF6 Quality not good The quality of the material is not good. It worn down within few months from almost every side. Please note.
B000XEVLF6 It is as expected It is the usual quality that you would expect from Timberland, fits good and offers good protection. Got it at a good price too as Amazon was offering 25% discount
B000XEVLF6 Good shoes It is in good quality and walk very comfort. I normally take it to walk. The color is blue and green.
B000XEVLF6 nice Seem to be doing good. About 4 days of break in time and now theyre even better. Seem to be constructed pretty good but only time will tell.
B000XEVM50 good shoes  and good price I didn't know how heavy, but it  is so comfortable. I like it. timberland is good brand I had one now I bought it more  than 2 years ago and still like new.
B000XEVM50 Great buy Good works boots for dad. He loved them.  I would recommend these to anyone. It was definitely a good buy
B000XEVM50 good shoe..good price Good price. Fit is true. Little stiff since it's a safety shoe, but it breaks in relatively fast. Great tread that gives good stability. Plus the shoe looks good.
B000XEVM50 Very good shoe This pair of shoes is very comfortable, and feels good. The width was fine, but I think is a little large that I expected,
B000XEVM8W good one these shoes they're really good one ,i feel very comfortable when i put them on. and they last longer than my old oneif i need to buy the shoes i'll buy these one againthanks for good product
B000XEVM8W so far so good comfortable, and easy on your heals when standing a long time, durable too. Been using these shoes for a couple months now so far so good. I would recommend.
B000XEW60K Very comfortable shoe I needed something that I could wear to the office or factory, and this is good for both.  Comfortable with casual good looks.  If only one didn't have a squeak when I walk, they'd be 5 stars.
B000XEW60K Too tight to slip on Had to cut the elastic to get these on my feet. An E width would help. I'm not a skeleton. Other than that, they look good and feel good for a new pair of shoes.
B000XEW60K Good quality They are good and comfortable for a safety shoes,I don't walk a lot on them tho.. So I don't know if they hurt after a while.They do need sometime to break in as they're stiff
B000XEW60K good i would buy another 1 it looks good and strong but because of the style it fits ok in side comfortable but can not be  worn with thick socks
B000XEW60K REALLY GOOD I USED THEM EVERY TIME I WORK IN KITCHEN LABORATORY AND THEY STILL GOOD VERY RESISTANT JUST WHAT WE NEED FOR EVERY DAY WITH SECURITY.
B000XF04LM Very good so far... Have only worn these 1 day, so I can not give them 5 stars yet but I expect them to perform very well and feel good.
B000XF04LM Good Work Shoe Fits good, feels good, looks good.  Should have gotten the 3/4 ankle for winter, and I just might still, but overall it's a very nice work shoe.  We'll see if it stands the test of time.
B000XF4D1Y Good but not perfect... These shoes look good enough for an office-casual work environment and (after a short break in period) are extremely comfortable. I'd have given them 5 stars, but I have to give them a ding for the not-so-great slip resistance of their soles.
B000XR2GN4 Perfect work shoes I really like the quality of the boots. The price was very good. I would buy them again. The end.
B000XR2GN4 Great boots Love them fits good no break in needed and look good also water resistant . I work in the desert and I walk a lot this is my third pair and I plan on buying again .
B000XR2GN4 j dukie fit is good and it wont take long to break in, hope they hold up good. I would recommend, thumbs up.
B000XR2GN4 Good boots I really like my boots. They look good and fit good. I bought them for the winter instead of wearing actual snow boots all the time. Work just fine.
B000XR2GN4 Fit nicely at a good price I got these for my boyfriend because his old work boots literally had holes across the top.  (He's in construction) These ones were a good price and had decent reviews. My boyfriend is usually a 9.5 or 10, and I noticed some reviews said these are a little roomy so we went with the 9.5. He says they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable! They seem pretty durable so far.
B000XRBAAE Comfortable and Good Quality Very pleased with the Timberland boots. I can wear medium to heavy socks and have a good fit. Plenty of toe room, which I like. They are lightweight, another plus.
B000XXGMRO Good buy. Comfortable Boot. I bought them a little large so I can wear heavy socks. I'm sloshing through the snow in them and haven't had ay leakage. Good buy.
B000XXGMRO A bit, but very loving, very good A bit, but very loving, very good.It is comfortable to wear.Very easy to match clothes.The shopping experience makes me very happy
B000XXGMRO Comfortable, high quality boots Super comfortable boots!  Quality seems very good.  Very happy with them!  For the price,  I don't think they can be beat!
B000XXGMRO Good buy.. I purchased this item, good buy for the price.. I also have been getting compliments on it. Its just alil to big for a 12.. I would of giving it 5 STAR!
B000XXGMRO As expected. Fit well. Look great. As expected from timberland. Will wait to see how they hold up. So far so good.
B000XXGMRO very fast and good excellent product and fast sending. Very good Timberland. In tree day i have get my shoes ! All was perfect and good price.
B000XXGMRO Good quality Good quality, good price. Nice boot I look forward to keeping for  along time!. . . . . .
B000XXGMRO Good casual light duty boot The boots felt good the first time on my feet and will require very little break in. These seem to be a very good light to medium duty boot.
B000XXGMRO good uns Good boots, looks good, fit well and relatively easy to break in after about 2 days walking. I would recommend these boots.
B000XXGMRO I Like it This is a very good product , i will recommend to all whoever is want to buy this item. Its really good one.
B000YD53OG Good Looking and comfortable This one is very good, i liked it a lot, it is comfortable, good looking and have a good finishing (although it is made in china) the down point on it is it depends on a stretcher if that thing got loose i think it will be no use any more
B00110CR1S Superb The shoes were the same as I was expecting. It fits good and looks good. But again I feel like the incurred cost is a bit higher, but no probs!!!
B001760K56 Excellent purchase I've been lusting after these boots for MONTHS, and I finally scored them at a great discount on Black Friday. The first day I wore them for 8+hours and they felt great. The sole gives very good traction on snow and ice! My calves are not tiny, but these fit just fine. I'm tall (5'10&#34;) so they come to just under my knee. So...they look good, and feel good, what more could you ask for?
B001760K56 great fall/winter boot i have been really into the skinny jean and knee high boot lately, i got these for a more casual look they are great, very comfy and look good on.  I love wearing them with a comfy sweater to run errands or a more relaxed feel.  the quality is very good, I haven't purchased timberland shoes in a long while but the quality is just as good as i remember.  i'm sure these will last for years to come, highly recommend. they are very classic and will not go out of style.
B001760S0S Great boots This is a terrrific boot. Looks good, feels good and is more comfortable than a sneaker!
B0019IVNHG Very Good Very good material and cut, just be careful with the sizing, it's a bit larger than the typical "large" size.
B001ABOA1S GOOD SHOE IT IS A GOOD SHOEVERY VERY BEAUTIFULA BIT HARD FEEL WHEN WALKINGMUCH BATTER MODEL THEN ALL OTHER 6 INCH BOOT
B001AQXB90 very good My father is very pleasant for this gift. High quality and warm. He has worn it several times and been satisfied with it till now. The color is not very good, but we got a good deal.
B001B7FP8I Light and comfortable Packing was good, delivery was fast, shoes look good. Bought this for my husband and he wore it last winter when we were on vacation.He loved it, said it was light and comfortable.
B001EBA784 Timberland Pro workboot If you are looking for a good quality workboot at a good price here it is.  Comfort and light weight, this boot scores a "10" on both accounts.  This is first time I have had this boot, but I am sold, its Timberland Pro Endurance XL from now on.
B001EWFEOK Timberland Boot Good to Go Was looking for a good light hiking and general all around wear outdoor boot. Shopped locally to find what I wanted in style and size then went to Amazon for a price comparison. Found them a net $20 less than the lowest price in my city.  Boots arrived quickly and just as promised. Timberland makes a good quality shoe. The Sizes seem to run true and this boot has a nice wide footbed so that at the end of a long day when your feet have swollen a bit, your feet don't feel like they are being squeezed. Support seems good and they are just comfortable to wear.  The added plus is they are water proof so if you don't get in over the top of the shoe you are good to go.
B001EWFF30 Great boots! So these are a really good pair of boots.Light weight.Comfortable from the moment I slipped my feet in them.I don't know if they're good for hiking though.But they look good and feel good!
B001EWFF30 Good The boot is good and comfortable like I expected.  The quality is excellent and the design according with the expected.
B001EWFF30 good very good timberland shoe, what was expected, the only thing was the weight of these, which are too heavy for my full taste, but they fill my expectations
B001FA1IGY High quality and inexpensive, good workmanship! Relative to the price of quality is very cheap, cortical good, wear comfortable, there are some scratches on the right shoe uppers, may be the skin's sake, is very good for a pair of shoes in general!
B001FXZU92 Ed my product had been shipped at time! very Very good ! excelent buy! very very good! I'm satifacted ! very very good! excelent! Congratulations!
B001FXZU92 For real though No complaint by far the ticket was right  so good price if not great , good service.. I knew what I wanted and
B001GB379I Fits good but small issue with Metguard The fit is good but one of the Metguards leather where it meets the laces is bending. Does not affect fit just affects lacing of the boots.
B001KOQ4EG Good shoe at a good price Reasonably well constructed for the price. Comfortable-which is hard to come by for me. I have a wide foot with a narrow heel. The heel is slightly loose but much better than anything else  I have found.It is much more comfortable than the comparably priced Rockports.
B001L1DBQC Very good boots On my third pair,  very comfortable.  The best timberland makes as far as work boots.  Very little break in time and get a good year out of them at good price.
B001L1DBQC Pretty good The heel chafes a little more than I expected. (maybe I just need thicker socks) Still a very good boot.  I love that it is super-easy to get on.
B001O1PO96 Great All-Around Bood For extended treks with a heavy pack, I'd probably want something a bit stouter, but this is a great boot for what I need it for: camping, hiking, scrabbling around rocky lake shores, and working on our steep and heavily wooded property in North Georgia. Substantial support, but still extremely comfortable, and they breath well. Good looks, good construction, good price.
B001PBK87I Good boot I have found them to be good boots and would recommend them to anyone. I would buy them again. I give them a good rating.
B001PBK87I Quality work boots at a reasonable price.  They are def a good value for your money.  They are insulated and water proof...and look great!!
B001PBK87I good boots good boots so far, just takes awhile to break in , recived on time fit was perfect no complaints what so ever.
B001RNONTI good shoes Good quality but the tongue is quite stiff, so it hurts during the first days.
B001RNOPDC Getting Great Wear My grandson is very please with his timberland.  He says there a good fit and he like them.  They look good with his uniform and the price was right.
B001SARJXC Very good boot The positive reviews were right about the size, the fit, the need for tube sox instead of ankle sox.  Looks good with jeans. Breaths well and quite comfortable for flat feet.
B001SARJXC Very good boot Just received a pair of the Timberland Chelsea boots. Very pleased with it so far. Comfortable right out of the box, and good quality leather. Took a shine really well, too.
B001SARJXC Comfortable, Good Looking I had the previous model and was more than satisfied, but I actually like these better. Good for business casual and for people who like to put some miles on their feet.
B001SARJXC good job Timberland! great boot/ good price. Really good price. Great quality boot. comfortable, durable...for dress up or hard work. Very versatile. Good sole of boot. Yeah I did write 20 words!!!
B001SARJXC Comfortable, Good Looking Look nice I like.They are extremely comfortable and fit perfectly. Enjoy the boots, I highly recommend them. Good for business casual and for people who like to put some miles on their feet
B001SARJXC buy it now Amazing strong and comftable shoeFind for a good price and buy them as soon as possible. Have a good day
B001SARJXC timberline boots seem to be of very good quality, fit perfect and are very comfortable. They look good and feel good, very pleased
B001SARJXC Good Quality Boot, Fits Well I like the boot,  It looks good, is well made, and is comfortable.  The loops are a little more noticable than shown in the pictures, but it's not something that you'd wear with shorts, so no problem there.The loops/straps seem fairly durable, which is fortunate because it would be a chore to get these boots on if they break.
B001SARJXC Best shoe Flexible material, soft and good quality at the same timeI recommend it and they look good too! Winter, I love you!
B001SARJXC good comfortable fit good firm fit, casual feeling, but dressy look to them.  Comfortable enough to wear ALL DAY LONG with no complaints.
B001SARJXC Good fit & good finish I bought these boots after seeing them online at Amazon.com. They seemed like a good, everyday 3-season boot, sturdy enough for outdoor use and good looking enough for city walking...and they are. The uppers are well crafted, the elastic goring substantial, and the soles utilitarian. I wore these boots (right out of the box) over a four day weekend in Chicago and I found them comfortable and good looking (no break-in time required). They are not dress boots, but they do look good enough with jeans and a sportcoat.Overall, I felt the quality of workmanship was good, the price was good, and the fit and feel were good. I would recommend these as a casual, sturdy boot with some style.
B001SARJXC look and perform good Stylish, the look good with jeans, they also perform good in winter and wet weather conditions, I like them very much...
B001UE70IK Good quality Order came on time .... Good quality but had a small scratch ... would be shopping soon ... Need to have more colors available
B001W6QF6E Good Everyday Shirt Good everyday shirt.  It's lightweight, so it doesn't cling or feel too heavy.  Good buy.
B00261CDYW Great shoes The size is accurate and the fit is good. I used them in the Caribbean and they were good for short walks. The only complaint is that the soles get dirty easy. Good looking shoes!
B00261CDYW Beautiful, classic, good quality but sadly, somewhat larger This shoe is very worth the price- very good quality, good looking and comfy. However, the size is somewhat a little large so it will have to be kept until a few months pass when hopefully, my teenage boy's feet get longer.
B00295RIW2 Good deal! Good shoe, very confortable, soft, can wear them whole day, good deal, wish I got different color, don't have much blue. Fast delivery.
B00295RIW2 so far so good I usually buy klogs brand,I still like that brand but these are pretty good too so far. I am impressed.
B00295RJIU Good Choice Good fit and very comfortable.Clean and professional looking. Good choice for Medical Professionals working long shifts. I would recommend these shoes to others.
B0029XG3OS Nice workbook Fits good and gives good protection with its composite toe. Would recommend to anyone looking for comfortable workboot thatlooks good and gets the job done.
B0029XG3OS Good Thera are a good boots for work and casually dress i recomended very much, the price is nice for this shoes
B0029XG5YG Good boots. Good boots, fourth pair I've brought. Will buy more when they wear out. Fast shipping to Australia at a good price
B002AKKR92 Good Fit Good fit and finish.  Timberland has carried over their quality in shoes over to clothes.  My son enjoys the fact that his jeans match his boots.
B002ASAJPG Fits good! Looks good! Sole fell a part within 6 months! Fits good! Looks good! Sole fell a part within 6 months! I've used a lot of work boots over the years and these lasted the least.
B002ASAJPG like the boots Very comfortable and extremely protective , its a very heavy boot otherwise very good! Would reccomend for sure good boots
B002ASAKN2 Not very good quality We figured these boots should be extremely good quality. My husband is really hard on boots due to his job. It had only been about a month and the back of the boot where it connects to the ankle split open. He is going to wear them since it does not affect the rest of the boot but we won't be purchasing again. You would think they would hold up better for the amount of money they cost....
B002ASAKN2 good Very nice good constrution water proof always used to wear Dr. Martens but I think these are better  just have to see how long they last
B002ASAKN2 Good quality This boot is good quality.  It was a gift, so I wasn't able to follow  how well or long it wore.
B002CVUR58 I love it Very good quality, lightweight and warm, Waterproof. Timberland continues to maintain its high quality boots, all my boots were very good
B002CVUSY8 Comfortable Very comfortable, good fit, wide boot. Looks great. Easy to get on and off. Looks good with jeans. Color was. A little lighter than expected.
B002NEGCC6 Good Buy Fit well and look good.  i don't know how to say more for a pair of shoes, so this is all!
B002NEGCC6 Good Hi, I think that those shoes are good quality, color, and my feet feel so good when I put them.
B002NEGCNU Excelent very very good
B002NEGE7E Good shoes Hi, I think that those shoes are good quality, great color, and my feet feel so good when I put it.
B002PMUH8G Good product and a good price. My fault for ordering it a a size bigger, but with socks on I know I will get years of wear out of them
B002QVGQQS LOVE LIKE I WANT IT I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FAR AND LONG FOR A BOOT WITH STYLE FLASH AND SMOOTHNESS BUT IS ALSO COMFORTABLE. I FIANALLY FOUND THESE AND I AM VERY HAPPY. LOVE THESE BOOTS. FEELS GOOD TO WALK IN AND LOOKS GOOD IN THE CLUB WITH JEANS OR PANTS. GOOD LOOKIN OUT TIMBERLAND
B002QVGQQS Great Item is just like it is pictured. Good color. Good fit. A little more roomy than most but still very wearable. Great style.
B002QVGQQS I give it a 5 star!!! Good quality and craftsmanship on a pair of boots that i can wear on the city of NY.Thank you...
B002QVGQQS Very good product I really love this shoes because they are very comfortable. Very good materials and very good design. I recommend these shoes
B002QVGQQS Good Boot for the money These fit as expected and are comfortable boots.  Good boot from Timberland for the money.  I would recommend for casual or office use.
B002UUUEPY Boots!!!!! Good and light. breath good. really good feel after the 10th time to wear. alright in the snow.
B002WJHCWG Good pair of socks. Good pair of socks, good quality , good fit and last longer than other brands.i would buy this pair again.
B002WJHCZ8 timberland men`s 3pk socks one size I rate this product five.because  i like then.they fit good.and they are made good.love the colours and style.happy with it
B002WJHCZ8 Good Fit, Feels Comfortable The color variety is good and the fit is good for now.  I guess I will see how things are in a couple of months.  I have some older dress socks from a different manufacturer that wore out really bad, so I will see how these last.
B002YOMJPY awesome deal These are very confiable, they fit better than expected, good boots and great price.  I highly recommend them. Good buy
B002YOMJPY Timberland black hiking boots This particular boot is just as advertised.a good fit, and a good value. I' d recommend  this purchase to others and give it a five star rating.
B002YOMJPY Last long! My hubby love it!!! Very good for workers that have to go everywhere. Is very comfortable, good quality. Recomended for good.
B002YOMJPY Boots are great Look good feel good...heavy duty timberland boots love them got me thru the whole winter and still look good will recommend to anyone
B002YOMJPY Fit and looks good I like the way it looks and fits. It's not to expensive and goes well with jeans. I would recommend to a friend as I already did.
B002YOMJPY Solid boots Only four stars due to some small ripped corners that will most likely get worse over time..  They are waterproof up to about 4 inches of water.  Good traction, good comfort, good weight.
B002YOMJPY Great boots Boots are what I expected fit good feel good they look good. Like the shape and how they feel on my feet buy them
B002YOMJPY good fit It's a good boot... real leather and waterproof.  The tread is really good for out here on the farm.... a good boot for everyday work.The boots were shipped and delivered quickly.
B002YOMJPY Great working boot! Will be using these for work. They are so comfortable. The price was good as well. Great fit! Arrived as scheduled. Good quality!
B002YOMJPY Ok Boots Good boot, shipped quickly and in good order.  Fits true to size.  Padding around ankle area could be improved ,also in foot.  Not for cold or wet weather. Waterproof is ok at best. Build is quality as are materials. A good light duty boot!
B002YOMJPY good deal I recommend these shoes, they were a great purchase, seems to be a good product, the delivery was fast, they are nice quality, and the price very affordable.
B002YOMJPY Great boot Excellent fit, comfortable. Good lower cut boot, comfortable for walking. Good quality leather, looks good as well. Great for  a gift
B002YOMJPY i love it. it's perfect i like it.the price is good. This is a very good shopping experience. i love it. it's perfect i like it.the price is good. This is a very good shopping experience.it is good
B002YOMJPY Good Boots for walking/hiking I just got the boots, but they fit as expected right out of the box.  No problems encountered with them.  A good value.
B002YOMJPY Good boots at a good price I've owned better boots but these are quite good an durable for money spent .. I'm in them 10+ hours a day !
B002YOMJPY Good They are what I expected I really needed a good pair of boots an I found them thanks amozon. !
B002YOMJPY Good shoe Good fit size is actual fit comfortable and good durable sole would recommend this boot to walkers hikers and as a work boot
B002YOMJPY Great Boot Great fit. Very comfortable right out of the box. Good tread. Good Quality, Should last a long time. Very Happy!
B002YOMJPY Good Boots...But! But a bit too hot and slippery when wet.I have put a lot of hours and weight, they are not showing weak points yet.Light weight and very comfortable, Good Quality to Price ratio, would buy it again.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots Very nice boots, I'd would buy them again. Good quality! They fit good and are ready for hiking out of the box.
B002YOMJPY Really good The boots are really good and light, I work walking all day delivering in any condition and the boots are really good trust me buy it and that's it! See yaaa
B002YOMJPY good work boot good work boot just what  needed fit was exact so no extra room for extra pair of socks, but good fit
B002YOMJPY Good boot good price. Very pleased with the fit. Light weight for a waterproof boot. First time buyer of timberline boots glad I tride them.
B002YOMJPY Good boots I really liked it. TOok them to south Dakota and they did the trick in 8 inches of snow! Good buy
B002YOMJPY Good boots Good, sturdy boots for cold weather, but the size was a bit small. Good, sturdy boots for cold weather, but the size was a bit small. The quality is good enough to warm your feet remain dry.
B002YOMJPY Very good boots. They are lightweight but solid. Good support. I will probably buy another pair. They have an aggressive tread and solid construction.
B002YOMJPY Can't go wrong with Timberland Great price, I've never had issues with Timberlands, they last forever they look good and the fit is comfortable... The white ledge ankle boot looks really good and it fits just like I hoped, i would recommend it to anyone.
B002YOMJPY Great boot love them perfectly comfortable, hope they last me a good good while. glad i found them if they last ill get another pair
B002YOMJPY Nice spring boots I love Timberland boots and these are no exception. They're light and well-fitting and have a good tough sole for work and urban hiking. They are good for spring conditions though without mesh on the uppers they might be a bit warm in the summer. And I always like black footwear.
B002YOMJPY Good Boot These boots are strong and comfortable. I wear them all day long. Good for riding too. Size was dead on.
B002YOMJPY great value I bought them based on there reviews. As advertised. Quality and comfortable. the price was rhight so good value. I'd buy theem again.
B002YOMJPY Good value Good hiking boots for the money. Although I haven't really put them to the test in really cold weather, they work fine for hiking and backpacking. They are good, comfortable, all-leather hiking boots.
B002YOMJPY Pretty good I like the fact that they are light. The fit works well, we'll see how they hold up. I'd recommend them
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot,Black,8.5 M US Great boot, good fit,feel great look very good. Very good for the money.Would buy again. Feels good wearing all day, 5 days aweek to work.
B002YOMJPY The most comfortable boots I've ever had Good quality and super comfortable. I love them. They are a little slippery though. I don't know if it is because the sole is still like new or what.
B002YOMJPY Timberland White Ledge Boots So far, so good.  Fit is good, comfortable.  Looks cool.  Seems well built, but only time and much more use will reveal the real quality.  Price is right.  Have hopes this boot will be the real deal.
B002YOMJPY LIke Them Fit Good, Good for walking threw snow for short periods of time, easy off and on. Only had them for  2 weeks but so far good so good.
B002YOMJPY Good Boots Really good material and nice looking too. Very comfortable.Wearing them as I'm writing this review.Order and shipping was very quick. I would recommend indeed.
B002YOMJPY Good boots Look and fit is good. They are light weight and very comfortable compared to some other hiking boots I have had.
B0031U0YM0 good enough it is good enough fot it's price. but little big , if you wear xl buy large.
B0034G54BM Not good quality boots These are really not Timberland quality. The suede looks poor quality leather that had been painted..I would not recommend these boots~
B0034G54BM Good quality I love these boots, real leather not pleather.  Not as good as frye boots but still good for the money.  They look great over jeans or leggings.  I get a lot of compliments when their not all muddy from the rain puddles
B0034G54BM Gret These boots are great.  Comfortable live in the city lots of walking so I can put on these while still looking good  Good quality boots
B0034G558E A good deal. Boots are all leather and look really great. Feel good on the feet and legs with pants tucked in or left out.
B0034G5KAC Great quality ! The boots fit very good, I usually wear 7.5 and I got 7.5. They fit perfectly.I will wear them this fall. Timberland is the name for quality.
B0034G5KAC Comfortable, good-looking boot After trying several pairs of boots, I settled on this boot because of its good fit and comfortable footbed, the high quality materials, and the style, which can be either casual or more dressy.
B0034G5KAC Great Boots There are a lot of Great Boots out there to pick from that are like these.My Husband Loves Timberland and told me if I like the style, I will love the comfort.They exceeded his recommendations.  They look good,  feel good and are durable.Never felt a boot that was as comfortable as a shoe.  The price was good also.  Timberland has mastered the Boot with something that looks good and feels good.  Would buy again.
B0034XRZEE Good Quality Boot Unlike the previous reviewer I had no problems with the sizing. I ordered the usual size, 12 and they fitted perfectly.Boot looks and feels well made and of high quality. The shoes are very comfortable to wear and look good with trousers in the office or jeans at the bar. I got these during an Amazon promotion so the price was good too.
B0034XS2WS Good shoes Arrived a day earlier than the tracking said - that's good. Took a few days to break em in. First 2-3 days the back left shoe rubbed against the back of my foot and was a little aggravating. But after those few days it went away and all is well. Good buy, good shoes, comfortable and looks good - thank you.
B0037CW26I good quality very good product and fit as expected. I would commanded for anyone looking for quality. they shipped fast and the shoes are durable but very small
B0038JCZ9Y Very stylish & good quality, overall satisfied These boots are really good quality, and look beautiful on. I am very satisfied with them except that they are a bit tight. (I bought the 8.5 since that's all they had, but typically I wear an 8.5-9). They have stretched a bit, as all leather shoes do, so they are more comfortable now. Bonus: they arrived in less than a week :)
B0038YXC4Q good! good buy!! cheap with good quality! it's very comfortable, fashionable and useful when doing outdoor sports. I like it so much!
B0039ZD3MK Super Comfortable Very comfortable out of the box.  Put them on and walked several miles.  Still feel good, no pinches or rough spots.  Good grip on the soles.  Fit length is accurate, width and toe are roomy & seem made for thick socks which is good for me.  Steel shank has a perfect rocker shape for ease of walking.  Toe box flexes in front of the shank, which was new to me but very comfortable.  Good medium-stiff leather, lots of support.  I use hiking type boots for their intended purpose as well as for hunting in all kinds of weather and surfaces.  Should last several years.
B003A67X5G Fit, good quality, fast shipping The tagline says it all - they fit, fast shipping, and good quality.They have a solid feel to them, and I hope they hold up for a long time.  I had a specific application where I needed a semi-casual boot but in a rugged environment, and so far these are holding up well.
B003A69RS2 Good Shoe Nice price, good fit right out of the box. Wii reorder Timberland shoes and boots again when needed.. You will not be sorry you ordered from this company.
B003A6J1NS Good boot Good boot. Good traction on the rig floor and in Derrick. Toes seem to wear out fast but all boots do
B003AKLMOU Comfortable Great pair of shoes, easy slip on and off. Very good for air travel. Light weight, good ventilation and with a warm pair of socks good enough in winter.  I even go running 20km in them when I am travelling.  Too bad the product has been discontinued and I am still unable to find a similar make from other brand names.
B003AZZMRS Good Procduct These seem to be a good buy for the price so far I have only had them about 2 weeks.
B003AZZMRS Perfect The fit was really good, but after 1 year the sole inside was broken so I'm not completely satisfied, but the price was really good!
B003AZZMRS Good fit, good boot Good boot.I've owned these boots for a few weeks now.  a few things to note:GOOD1.  I wear orthopedics (inserts from my chiropractor) and they fit in this boot fine.  Some boots I've had issues with, not these.2.  They break in fairly well.  I'm anxious to see how well they form to my feet.3.  I tend to pull my shoes behind my chair legs and I notice that they're handling the abuse quite well.4.  I have relatively flat feet, so often times I can't get some shoes to fit well.  These: no issues.NOT SO GOOD1.  They are a bit more on the 'swede' side than I thought they'd be, but don't scuff up too badly.2.  My daughter said my feet look more 'pointy' in these shoes.If you're looking for a more dressy yet 'Timberland' like shoe, these fit the bill quite well.
B003ELQIW6 I Love My Boots I am a technician for a forestry company so good, comfortable boots are very important. This is my second pair of Timberlands and I have not found a more comfortable boot.  And look good too!
B003EO8R7C Good light boot option at a great price After scouring the internet for a good deal on light hiking boots I found these and figured I'd give them a try. So far I've used them on 4 hikes and have had no problem with them. Very little sign of wear, goretex shell prevents any wetness from getting in, and comfortable/lightweight almost like a shoe.I plan on doing many treks with these, and even if they just last a year or two it will have been worth it for the price.
B003EV5IGI timberland boots for boys My grandson loved these boots, my daughter said he couldnt stop looking at them. They are a good fit and good for cold weather like they have in chicago.
B003LBWOCM good insole.... so good highly recommend to friends....i like timberland brand made to last...more power!!!! i like it....more to come go go.....
B003M6A8VK Looks and feels good This shirt looks good, feels good, and seems to be well made. What more could you ask for? I like to wear it like you might wear a sweater in cool weather.
B003NUQYC2 Good boots, good fit, good price. It's difficult to order shoes online since you cannot try them on.  I now wear these everyday and I am pleased with this purchase.
B003NUR6M4 Good boot Looked like a good boot, met my requirments for a metatarsal but not an extra appendage. Took it out of thebox and it fit well, confortable and looked good. Very happy with the purchase now that I have worn it for 8 hours walking all day on cement factory floors and still feels and fits good.
B003TFEA5O good looking boots, fit perfect my US 8M Good product, very good looking boots, spacious 8M, but not too big.Quality seems good, but I haven`t used yet. I also love the color, nice warm brown.The only defect is that the leg is not lined and the suede leather is very soft and I`m not sure it will stay straight upafter using it. Maybe it will look good even if it does not stay completely up.Looking forward to use them!
B003VJZZN4 Good shoe Is light, don't get hot in warm days of after a good day of work it seems cool.i like it
B003VMXSJ4 just what we wanted Shoes came within a few days, they are just as good quality as we expect from Timberland, great-looking, and fit just right.  Thanks!
B003XHH0W8 very good i am very happy,, good quality, good size,,everythink is good,,i hope next time send only a box,,but it is ok,,thanks  a lot
B003XSWOW8 Good ones This pair of shoes are good looking, they are made of good material, they have a pretty good look and feel.  The only thing that I dislike about them is they make friction on the back of my feet, I think is a matter of getting used to these news shoes
B0040MYY74 glasses review good buy.  i needed some glasses that were not back, and brown was a good color. it isnt as deep of a tint as i thought, but its still good. i like
B0043QGPKQ good shoes have been using this last couple days, it is very comfartable, fit is very good. a little heavy but i guess that overrides the good qualities. Recommended.
B0049N0O1Y very good its a really good fit not the exact ones i wanted but the feel makes up for the bulky look
B0049N0O1Y I love em Good fit. Good flexibility and great comfort! I would highly recommend these to anyone in emergency services or law enforcement.
B0049N3S58 Good pair of boots Pretty good pair of boots. I wouldn't call them great but they are good for the price, $85. Break in period is fast.
B0049N3S58 Good boot. Fits well and has really good cushioning,  Treads keep feet just a little more off the ground [though they tend to bring lots of snow and mud in with them]. This is my second pair.
B004E92CWW OK, not as good as everyone says These are OK, but not great.  They are just a bit on the big side, and the insole is hard.  I had to go buy insoles to help me fill them out and feel comfy in them.  They do look good.  Decent buy, but don't pay the normal $100+ price--find them on sale to make it a good deal.
B004H9381I Good all-round boots I've bought the higher priced Timberlands and they are good boots but for my money I like these.  Light weight, good looks and comfortable.  Would definitely recommend.
B004J2HSIC Quality Boot Looks good, comfortable to wear,a little bit tight'but the season has passed, only wait for the next winter and then test how to.
B004J2HSLY Love it! Good Times.  Would definitely recommend this product.  I hadn't had a pair of timberlands in years. The shoe looks good and fits well.
B004J2HSLY Fits good and it is comfortable The shoes feel good, and fit as expected. They do require a little breaking in, but after breaking them in they are pretty comfortable, so far I have been wearing them for a week now with no complaints.
B004K22QM4 Great Looks good, feels good. An incredible purchase for 80 dollars. (Be sure to use the Amazon 20% discount!) Note that the actual item is a lot more 'rounder' and 'boot-like' than the picture. Feels like quality.
B004KQ4IWG Great Shoes Fit perfectly, the leather is of good quality. a little bit high hills.I'm very satisfied with these timberland high boots
B004KQ4IWG It's OK I got it as a gift for my girlfriendLooks good but a little narrowAnyway, it's good and valuable to buy
B004L8O8CI good as Timberland used to be Shoes are true to size, just loose a bit, but very comfortable so you don't notice the heel. Theu are not that sophisticated as Jambu, but also twice cheap and work goog. Very warm, water proof so far and look good.
B004MPRIL8 Absolutely love them! The shoes are a relly good fit, and quality is just what I expected.... .He really loves them.. very good purchase.
B004PFPDNK good budget aviators I bought these a couple weeks back and I'm quite pleased with them. Good solid construction and the smoked lenses look awesome. Great buy!
B004PFPDNK Good but light Good fit, not tight ,bigger head here, the kind that gets headaches if the sunnies are too tight. Only problem is that they aren't great in full desert sun, more a coastal rainforest/ shaded environment.And 3 is a good score.
B004PNE720 Comfortable My husband is a farmer and he is always looking for a good comfortable dry boot. He actually wore these for about 6 months (which is a pretty long time for him). Good fit.
B004Q01HZM Comfortable These boots are good and very comfortable.  I would recommend it to anybody.  So far so is working fine for me.
B004Q01HZM Good Purchase Look elegant and comfy. You can either wear under jeans or suit. I like it. good buy! Thx a lot
B004RQ1N8Q good fit light I just love them nice nice feet fell good all day at work They fell good on my feet at work and they are light feet stay good all day at work nice
B004RQ38B6 Good looking shoe If you need steel toes but want something dressier than work boots then these are a good looking and comfortable choice. Fit is good and maybe a little wider than a standard shoe size. Sometimes I need a 9W but the 9 regular is plenty wide enough in these.
B004S0PGBG Good Comfortable, soft, stay up with boots. Will be getting more. Worth the price. (Need 7 more words)...good, good, good socks.
B004T0YVZ2 My daughter loves it!! Very good boot!!! We haven't tried during winter but we've already love this boot!!! Very good quality. True to size
B004TDWITU very nice good looking Very good boot. And my daughter liked it. It was a litter bit larger than her size but still can wear it . Even this is better than been exactly fits.
B004X4I51K good my son used alot this product him and i like it is confortable and good material thankyou. timberland is good always.
B004ZCE19U great shoe!! good I really love the shoe good price, good looking They Are So EASY to clean It is fitting very well
B004ZCE19U It is as expected. Good price, good looking. The blue color can be more interesting than black. It is fitting very well, better than classic which is little narrow.
B004ZCEVP4 jiqo Very good quality, genuine leather, rain and cool weather clothing, the size is correct, one word is good, and you will not regret :)
B0052A6Z70 Very Good Quality Nice Boots. Very Comfortable and good Quality. Perfect for any day of the week. I will buy them again when I need new ones.
B0052EERYY really good stuff Excelent quality and super warm. the fabric is exactly as shown.  was a really good purchase. my kid loved it!
B0054HM5AM Good looking shoe Provides good support - haven't used to hike yet but expect this will be a very good hiking shoe.  Good neutal color
B0056QVSQ8 good shoes I write today about a good pair of shoes. I am diabetic and needed some work shoes to help me to be able to stand at work for the hours I stand. The way the insole fits my feet feel so good. I have worn them for two days and my legs and feet felt good for the second day. You get what you pay for and this shoe is good value. Good value for the price.
B0056RMY2O sturdy and cushy Working on my feet all day, I am very critical of work shoes and these are good.  Quality is good, fits well and very cushy.  As I have spent upwards of $150 on good work shoes, these are a great bargain.
B005A6B882 Very good Good! Exactly as I expected. Good quality. Size fit as I expected. Strong, durable and beautiful. I recommend if you are looking for a timberland.
B005A6B882 Good Quality - Breathable I was reluctant to buy shoes online but could not find what I wanted in the local stores (live in small town). These fit fine and are good quality. Wore them as my only shoes on a three week vacation out of the country and they did well. They breath well enough that they don't get sweaty and smelly with daily wear. Assuming you change your socks and wash your feet:-)
B005A8M7L2 Good buy bought this at a good offer price, light and comfortable to walk.The real shoes look a bit plain and not as pretty as in photo.
B005BWB2QI Good shoe Fits well seems very durable and the leather laces stayed tied. Good in summer or winter.Nothing more to say.
B005BWB2QI looks good This is my second pair, excelent fit, walks good no problemsnever had a problem with Timberland brand would recomend to a friend
B005BWB2QI good shoe amazon is an outstanding place to get high quality footwear for those of us with challenging sizes and at good pricing
B005BWB2QI Very comfortable and good quality Have been wearing Boat shoes for MANY years. These are among the best choices I have made and I have owned all kinds of brands before. Good price, good fit, I will likely be a repeat customer here should they continue to offer these at these good prices.I have a size 13 extra wide (EE) and these seem to fit correctly for me.
B005BWB2QI Good shoes! Really confortable after a couple of days. Half size up!. I'm a solid 11.5 and I should be ordered an 11. Good purchase for the price.
B005BWB2QI Good Boat Shoe They fit pretty good and the quality seems good for the price.  I have another pair of Timberland Boat Shoes so I knew the size to get.
B005BWB2QI good value very nice, comfortable boat shoes for the money. good value I really like the timberland brand this is my third pair, all have been top quality
B005BWB2QI It's good. It's quite comfortable It's good. It's quite comfortable, but not as much as I expected it to be. I love it anyway! Recommended.
B005BWB2QI Came new (unused) and $40 less than timberland site Had a similar pair that I finally had to retire after 8 years. Found these for $40 less than timberland site and was worried they were possibly previously worn, but was not the case. Really like the timberland boat shoes for their ability to wear w/o socks for easy on/off access on the boat. Had tried more expensive sperry brand but insoles came out when wearing barefoot. Net/net, good price, good quality, and good replacement to my old standbys. Just need to break them in a bit more and they will be perfect.
B005BWB2QI Good ole standard These shoes wear, look and fit good, they run true to size which makes them very comfortable. I have several pairs in different colors, they go great with both jeans and khakis!
B005BWB2QI It's OK I got it as a gift for my dadLooks good but a little narrowAnyway, it's good and valuable to buy
B005BWB2QI Good Shoes Good quality shoes, they run about 1/2 size larger than my fit on other brands. Good materials and crafting, worth the price.
B005BWB2QI Looks good but quickly stretches out I really liked the way these looked and felt when I first got them, but after a month they stretched out so much that I don't wear them anymore. Be sure to go 1/2 size smaller. Otherwise they are good looking boat shoe.
B005BWB2QI good although if does not fit thight I choosed this rating because it was not what I expected to be in terms of sizethe quality and softness are very good indeed.
B005BWB2QI AMAZON I returned the first pair for a 1/2 size larger and had no problems. Good Shoe - Good Price - Good Service
B005BWB2QI Very good shoes It is very good. Look nice.I like it very much.Fit very well. Just a little large than standard size
B005BWB2QI good buy good looking shoe . as described. just a little stiff but should soften up as it is worn. good quality
B005BWB2QI Impressed I've been looking for a dressy-casual shoe that looks good and fits. Ordering on line or from catalogs is usually a crap-shoot, but I'm very pleased with these shoes.  Great fit, good style, and don't need breaking in.  Well-made, also.  Only problem is the laces are a little long, but that's easily fixed.
B005BWB2QI Good commodity, like! Good commodity, I like it!I think i felt comforted and encouraged!At the same time it is a good shopping experience&#65281;
B005BWB2QI look a bit cheap the picture of the shoes looks pretty good on the websitethe material is so so. not real leather for sure at this price
B005BWB2QI it's ok quality is good,but 8.5w it's a little large for me ,but Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot,Brown,8.5 W fit my foot very good,don't know why
B005ERZ6MQ Good Shoe, Good Fit Timberland shoes that cross over to more stylish casual wear; not overly clunky, nice color, attractive stitching. Comfortable out of the box.  I'd buy again.  Good Price!
B005ERZ6MQ Style and quality is good but.... I like these shoes. They fit well, look good, and overall quality is good. But, I would not recommend walking were uneven surfaces, or gravel surfaces exist. The soles are very thin and very flexible. You will every peddle, nook, and cranny you step on. Wearing for the office is fine, but I can not see wearing them for long walks, or if I did a lot of walking throughout the day. I do not walk a lot at work, and like their looks so I will still be keeping them.
B005ERZ6MQ Good shoes A very good walking shoe.
B005ERZ6MQ Good all around shoe So far all the Timberland shoes I have purchased do fit as expected, these are no exception. They did take a few days to break in and rubbed a little on the back of ankles during that time. But now fit great and I wear them regularly. Look great with jeans or office casual. I think they are a good value.
B005ERZ6MQ Very good I liked this shoes, thank to Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Oxford,Black. I bought it for my husband and he is very happy :) The quality is very good.
B005ERZ6MQ always timberland maybe the quality its no longer like in the '80 but its quiet good enough, very very comfortable and good looking even for the office, thats what i take it for...we will see the durability in the next few year !!!
B005ERZ6MQ Looks good and feels good These shoes look and feel great.  They are light weight and comfortable.  I plan on getting another pair or two.
B005FI1VE6 Good Bought these for my Grandson they are wearing good he has had no issues with them.  They were true to his size and he has not issues putting them on. I would buy some again.
B005FI1VE6 Very nice sandals They are well padded and look really good. The price was VERY good. I know timberland shoes are very good quality.
B005FI1VE6 Very good! Very good quality and the price was a very good deal, much cheaper than in stores (malls)The size is a bit big but will work anyway
B005FI1VE6 Very good shoes!!!! Very good shoes ,very good brand and  very good price . My child loves them and size was perfect.I will order again. Thanks
B005FI1VE6 Good Good product. Not much else you can say. Light, seems comfortable and easy to put on and take off. And my girls like them.
B005FI1VE6 Bery good First  of all Pretty fast delivered this itemThis is really good shoes very sturdy, comfortable light weight and fit perfactlyI recomend to buy this
B005FI1VE6 They are of good quality, have good foot support I bought these sandals for my grandson. They are of good quality, have good foot support, and are easy for him to fasten. I would recommend this product without hesitation.
B005FI1VE6 Bought the same for 2 kids Initially we bought for elder kid. He liked it a lot. Fit was good and material is soft enough. Second one that we bought for kid didn't feel same. It was too hard and took quite a while for him to stop complaining about it. After a while, it all seems fine. 5 star for good quality and meeting expectations.
B005FI1VE6 good buy Good buy I like it fits good, can tell ots comfy cause my son want to wear it all the time
B005FM5Q3O Good... but fits very large! Good quality; soft inside...all that's expected from Timberland, but even though I measured the children's feet before ordering, they are quite at least one size too big...hopefully, their feet will grow over the summer!
B005FM5Q3O Cute and fits! This is one good pair of summer shoes! They seem to be of really good quality, are adjustable on three strategic spots so he will be able to wear them for a while.
B005FM5Q3O VERY GOOD It is VERY NICE AND GOOD QUALITY,IS PERFECT, WELL MADE AND IS SET FOR ALL RECOMMEND! VERY GOOD SHOES
B005FM5Q3O Good quality My son has worn these almost non stop for about 4 months and they are still in great shape.  Very good quality, he says they are super comfy, and they look really nice.
B005FM5Q3O Good product! Considering the price, it's really nice. Although somewhat a little bit large, but we still like it, for the material and production process are both good.
B005FMBDD6 Sturdy, Pretty, Easy To Clean Love these shoes. I know that when my daughter's playing she has good traction and her toes are protected. They're good for water activities, cool for hot days, and clean easily. The size was a little larger than I expected, but the velcro strap keep is adjustable. Very happy with the price, quality and versatility.
B005GY8RYQ Excellent shoes!!! Buy these shoes for my son, and they are very comfortable, very nice, with a good design. I really recommend this product, they are beautiful! . Good delivery time, good seller
B005GY98C6 Good! I received the package in excellent conditions and it was on time. The price was good and these shoes are comfortable
B005GY98C6 Outstanding!  Exactly what I was looking for. I was looking for a good casual shoe to walk the dog in wet grass and sometimes rainy conditions.  They are very durable, waterproof, comfortable and good support.  Fit is true to size.  I would recommend them to anyone.
B005GYK98S Good product Nice and light, firm too. A good balance between the two. Arrived pretty quickly too. Have been wearing for two weeks now, am pretty happy.
B005GYK98S they look good... they look good, but they are not comfortable at all. not what i expected from timberland.four more words needed.
B005I6YJW6 So far so good So far so good. I have only used them for 3 weeks and so far I like them.Very comfortable. I will wait to see how long they last.
B005I6YJW6 So Far So Good So far so good. Shoes are comfortable and fit correctly.  They have a pretty good sole. Hopefully they will last a long time. Good price on these.
B005I6Z4JI good boots These are some really good boots. I work outdoors on gravel and concrete twelve plus hours a day, and they hold up well.
B005I6Z4JI good boots so far so good have had these boots for about a month and am happy with the way they feel.
B005I6Z4JI good shoes extremely comfortable. good work boot and great price. would gladly recommend to someone. works well in rock quarry and very water repellant
B005I6Z4JI good buy Can't believe I got these boots for the price I did . I will be buying a third set for this price.
B005I6Z4JI A very good pair of safety boots. A nice looking pair of boots.Just in pictures,but who cares.It is a good work pair of boots.So far so good.
B005KSZLAG Good This is a product for cold climate it is nothing fresh, has a good quality and a love it but it not for been in Caracas
B005LCQYYS very good!!! very good quality! i waiting it very long and finally I got it!  it the best shoes!!! will buy it more another colour!
B005LCQYYS ... large and sole is heavy other things are very good its half inch large and sole is heavy other things are very good
B005LCQYYS good good to wear, and comfortable. One problem is that I found my white socks became kind of blue after one days wearing.
B005MI875U So far, so good... I can't find anything wrong with these boots yet. They fit good, they look good, they're waterproof and they are the quality I've come to expect from Timberland.
B005MI875U good fit feel great look great they are what i was hoping for i would get another piar the price is good.
B005MI875U Timberland Men's Boot Boots are exactly what I expected when I ordered them.  Fit is good, a little narrow in the toe box.  Very nice looking boot at a good price.
B005ZFBLTY Good very good wife happy good very good :) Good very good my wife is so happy whit thi shoes she work very good so good very good I like
B005ZFDZMK Nice shoe I like the shoe, however, it runs alittle large. Nice support with good cushioning. Good quality leather and sole iss good to prevent slipping.
B00658BZ28 Good product. It was what I excepcted. Everything as offered. It's a good deal according to the price. Came with a carring bag.
B006N3KYGI it looks good I am a korean.It's my first time to buy shoes by Amazon.I am totally satisfied with goods and I will introduce this item to my friends.I got good impression. Thanks.
B006T307QE VERY good These boots are very good, this makes Timberland pro, I consider them the best, comfort are worth every penny you pay for them.
B006T307QE So far, so good They fit good, look good now will they start the test of time. Will let you know in two more weeks.
B006T307QE good pick I have had a number of timberland shoes over the years, and they are usually of good quality and lighter in weight than alot of the other competition for an equivalent class shoe.
B006T307QE Good choice Shoe was everything that I expected it to be. The size, comfort,  very happy! If all is good for next 6 months I will buy another pair without reinforced toe.
B006T307QE Will buy again. The first boot that I have ever tried and immediately knew the fit was good. Usually some break-in is required for work boots to fit well. This one needed very little to feel good. I'm dinging it one star for it trying to hard to look like a sneaker.
B006T307QE Great Boots Dude, If ever you wanted a good and comfortable work boot this is it.Heavy duty to the max, looks good, and last and last.LOVE EM !!!!!
B006T307QE Good work boots. These boots fit good and I like it that they are water proof.  They have good trackson and fit my feet well.  Thanks
B006T307QE Good This are Heavy, not what I want good por snow, look very nice but theyare to Heavy to walk all day
B006T307QE I like them so far.... The boots are ok. I am on my feet 10hrs a day with no break s and 60 hrs a week. So they are good so far...I have always tried a different kind each time I get new boots and so far these are as good as any....will keep you posted.
B006T307QE Good Timberlands These fit good, but could be wider in the toe area. All shoes tend  to squish your toes. Will buy more.
B006T307QE As expected Comfortable love there water proof.  After this winter well worth it.  Good price worth the money.  Would buy again and recommend
B006T307QE fit beautifully Wore 2 days and so far good but to early to tell over all. They look very nice and feel good
B006T30U8E Good Looks - Great Fit Boot provides good support and is comfortable to wear.  I like the wedge heel since it provides a more stable feel.
B006T32HGC As expected Comfortable boot, fits as expected. Will need more time to see how they ware but so far so good. Lighter than others.
B006T32HGC Very nice and comfortable. Vibram sole is really good Very good design and comfortable. It is just so happened that I need 7.5.Other than than I LIKE it!
B006T32HGC Good Boot I purchased these for a co-worker to wear at work, walking about 3 miles a day and they have held up so far.  His only complaint is they are little tall in the ankle height but is good otherwise, just needed some breaking in.
B006T32TKG good boot at a reasonable price a little heavy and bulky but extremely warm in below zero temperatures and dry in snow ...very good boot and great value for the price
B006T32WNK Great look and super comfortable! These boots were made to work all day in dont even know they are there good buy for good quality
B006T9281U good stuff bought for my gf. fits good keeps her feet warm while not being overly thick and uncomfortable will buy more soon
B006UXOAVG looks good, I like it This shirt looks good, I like it. 100% cotton. I will try it later.Timberland is one of my fav
B006ZITF7U Love this boot This boot is very comfortable and looks good with jean will buy other color also they were  a good price
B006ZJ2ZUI The boots are too big... pretty good, except bigger than normal shoes. Good style and color, suggest to buy 7.5 if you wear 8 size in usual
B006ZSAZ3S Good shoe, could use more heel cushioning. I really like them and they are a good fit.  However, I have some pre-existing heel pain, and these shoes have less heel padding than other Timberlands I own, so I subtracted a star.  They are well made and good looking.
B006ZTJI3K Good Very good boots, I love it, very comfortable, I highly recommend to u guys who need boots, very good, choose it.
B006ZTTV1O Fantastic Look good, feel good, well made, attention getting... What more can one ask? Great for casual dress, and as good on pavement as they are I the field. these are definitely not wimpy boots... and, the elastic gore makes for fast on-and-off.
B006ZVTTGE Nice Chukka Timberland makes good stuff, this is no acception.  Quality craftsmanship, with good looks and fit.  A great every day wear casual shoe.
B0070SHSGE Good shoes The size is a little large. Not enough to complain about. The sole is rugged in a good way. Not as stiff and rugged as a Sketcher but also not as clunky and clown-like.I recommend them.
B00711TQNS Good Quality as Always Boots are very nice and of good quality. The fit is just right and the style is trendy but not too much for a child
B00712KJRO The boots fit good but rubbed the back of my daughters foot and ... The boots fit good but rubbed the back of my daughters foot and gave her blisters on both feet. They are probley a little to big but she can grow in them. She usually wears a size 1 but probley needed the 12 1/2 instead. However they are very durable and good quality. She wore them to horse camp all week.
B0072AFBKK Great Boots These boots were just what I was looking for. Good solid Mid-weight, very quick break in and looking even better with a little wear on them. I like a smooth finish that I can shine, and these are good for that too. Can't think of anything about them that I don't like, very please with them .
B0074HSGO4 It's not bad. The quality of the shoe is reasonable for the price. It does get dirty easily, so you gotta be careful with it. Overall good shoes. Good comfort and support. Nice looking. Recommended.
B007597TP8 good quality and i like the style good quality and functional design, i like this style.also the price is good. i gave it to my father-in-law as a gift, of cause, he love it.
B007782V1O Quality is very good as usual It is very good as usuall, well designed and comfortable. But I think not suitable for cold winter. Anyway I like it so much!
B007782V1O good boot!~ very good for cold winter. looks cool. upgrade a sleek pair of jeans with the boots. Like them so much~
B007EFDTSY kevin of wash-dc keeps your feet worm, light weight, the zipper on the side, is very good for taking the boot off.Good for work boots
B007ROR77G good quality Only one complaint, its a little on the heavy side, other then that everything is good.  after first trip still looks like new
B007ROR77G For the price I paid, they were great. Shipping time was great, price was good. I had bought three of them with the same price somewhere else, and after getting these, I returned the other ones, and I saved at least $50. Quality is good too. I liked them.
B007V61QDQ good it comes with good condition, really light weight, the leather really soft. Just like how the size of it. good
B0080CACCG sock it to me These socks fit good in the foot but are a little tight on the legs. They have good cushion in the foot but not great. the colors are nice, but the logo is a little over the top when sitting with your feet up. TIMBERLAND in your face. They seem to make my feet cold when not wearing shoes. maybe they will be cooler in summer weather. Good for indoors work though. I'll come back when I know how they wear.
B00828VKFQ Very comfy Only worn twice but so far so good. Shoes  fit as expected and are of good material. I like them
B0082D7MJY Good but not so good clip Good Leather, nice size, beautiful color, but the clip is to tight and not in the right position cause the money doesnt fit completely
B008AH7B70 It looks great! It looks great! Fleece lined. Very good Timberline quality. Very good material, water resistance. Warm enough to wear it early spring and late autumn. Inside pocket
B008B5XIFA nice bag i got say this bag was far more good that i expected. the quality and style are good .u can take this for sure!
B008J0PKIA Good! They were a little bit uncomfortable, but I know that with the time they will stretch out a bit. Nice color, they look good and classic.
B008KLEYLM Attractive but uncomfortable I have owned lots of Timberland shoes/boots and am never disappointed with the quality. These are no exception. The only issue I have is that the cross-over strap is tight and not adjustable. I do not have wide feet either. The shoe is also very stiff, which I do not like. They do look good with casual dress, however, and the quality is good.
B008M27754 very good Did not imagine a beautiful, but very fit. Feel very comfortable to wear. Very good. Very Good&#65292;very well very Perfect
B008M27754 Good quality shoe The shoe is of good quality and fits nicely.  It has good tread that will be beneficial wherever I trek for fish.
B008M27754 Had a lot of good complements. I like it I have a true 14. This shoe was a tad long but I can live with it. Had a lot of good complements. I like it.
B008M27754 Good quality... Good looking; excellent quality.  However i usually take a 10 1/2, had to return for a size 10 which is still just a little too large.
B008M2MGSC Winter rain and snow Sneaker Boot They are good quality product and they look good from my point of view.  I would buy another pair again in the future...
B008M2MGSC is there anyway i can exchange it well,the product by its self is good,made with good material,however for me,i expected to fit me well,if there a is way to exchange it,just please let me know how i can do it.otherwise,it is good a shoes,i would recomend it to everybody
B008M2OCP2 Comfy Low to the ground and good for kicking around.  Definitely wide in the toe box, which is good for comfort, but some folks won't like it.
B008M2P490 good shoes The quality seems good ,and it fits me well.When you wear jeans, it will look good.I will buy Timberland again.
B008M2P490 My favorite casual shoes so far (great price) These are the most comfortable foot coverings I've owned in a while lol...second to Merrell's jungle moc which is way overpriced in my opinion. This works for me and looks pretty good in blue jeans and even a good casual pair of light brown dockers. I drive with them, walk, go to work...and these are pretty darn comfy.
B008M2YZKY a nice surprise I bought these because I  wanted a good walking shoe. These met all my expectations. Extremely comfortable, good price, buy them.
B008M2ZFQW good ordered delivered at time but my only problem is plantar fascitis and the sole is too thin whereas overall the shoe quality is good but definitely  not for long walk
B008N6Y9BO Good boat shoe Fits snug but will loosen up. Very good quality.Make sure you wear socks to break in so youDon't get blistersComfortable insole.
B008N6Y9BO very  good  shoes my wife  very like it ,and the color is beautiful,and it's wear comfortable.my wife have wear it for one month ,it is good quality
B008N6YRCK comfortable stylish ,classic and comfortable padding on the heel. Just a little bigger around my ankle than I expected, Quality is good
B008N7H654 Lightweight, good value Maybe a little narrow but otherwise for the price they would appear to be a good value. Would buy again.
B008N7H654 Comfortable Although a slight bit snugger than I anticipated - good overall fit.  Recommended for craftsmanship, durability, and sleek good looks.
B008UQ5ISA the quality is so good it fit my son very good but still a bit bigger if he will wear sin socks it will be ok , shoes are very soft and comfortable , with air conditioning and it seems to be a very good quality
B008UTADGY Super Shoe....Good Price My little guy has owned several pairs of Sperry's so i was hesitant to try these shoes. The price was right so we gave them a try. Now, they' are his favorite shoes!!!! He would wear them to bed if we let him. Good quality, good price! Ill buy more in the spring.
B008UTB02K I like it I like it so much whereas the material is so good and size is perfect.easy to wear it and take it off.go for it if you looking for the good quality with reasonable price.
B008VPU0GK Timberland Quality Bought these based on my previous experience with Timberland products and especially their boots and they did not disappoint. The quality is excellent and the fit was just as I expected. I would recommend these boots to anybody looking for good winter boots at a good price.
B008VPU0GK Very comfortable Fit perfectly and very comfortable. I hope they hold up as I expect they should. Amazon is a very good place to buy
B008XBJRP2 good wallet good deal, good value, good quality compact, hold up to six credit cards and your drivers license with a see thru window
B008YC6XAM Good buy I bought this sandals for my husband and it looks good and comfortable. But when you buy get one size more.
B0090LEFQK timberland sandals fit great good price soft feel good on my feet look good always on time saved money  hard to find them around were I live
B0090X4EJQ Good choice. Fits perfectly. Easy get on/off. Good choice for autumn period and even for the winter days.However not for the long distances. Its goes fits well for office needs.
B0090X4EJQ I am satisfied good quality and design as shown in The photographs, the quality of materials and finishes are good as I expected
B0090X4EJQ Good for on your feet jobs True fit and very comfortable
B0090X4EJQ Very Comfortable the shoes are comfortable, good looking and go with almost anything. I'm a bit worried about the souls not being stitched to the rest of the shoe, but so far so good; I've had them for about 3 months and they're still ok.
B0090X4EJQ Good Experience Good shoe,saving them  for the spring. I find that I need wide 10 to 10.5. In this case, the 10's fit well. I've found sizes not always true across brands.
B0091225MO Timberland Quality shoe at a good price, don't normally buy shoes on line, but already had a pair and wanted to get another and as usual Amazon came through with best price
B0091QISZS Very good shoes and very good quality Comnpramos these shoes for a nephew, they are of very good quality at a great price, they are soft, comfortable and lightweight
B00943MZ3Y Good quality bag for the money Lightweight, hardware and nylon seem to be of good quality. Not many features inside is it's only downfall. Rests nicely over the shoulder.
B009R9EJ3E Timberland PRO Men's Anti Fatigue Technology Good!!!Suggested really good buy perfect size. very comfortable.the only difficulty is to find them in Italy, indeed impossible.
B009TAVOHK Very good fit These shoes are top quality! A very good fit and the color allows them to be worn with a variety of clothing choices. Thanks
B00A1OFEWO the boots are good, and fit well Fast shipping , arrived as described, they feel good and fit well , my only complaint is the laces are not the same as in my other 3 pairs of timberland boots, not sure why these came with cheap thin brittle feeling laces, I'll buy new laces.
B00A4EPQF6 The leather is good quality. The leather is good quality. When the card slots are full, it feels tight to take out cards,and cards will bend a little bit.
B00A4EPQF6 Seems Good It had everything it was told on the description. It came in a niche package, for it's protection. Only time will tell if its good quality or not, because my boyfriend's wallets always get damage within 6 months
B00A4EPTYO Good Value My husband hasn't used it yet, but it seems well-made and compact.  Just what we were looking for at a good price.
B00AAPHB2U Just what I wanted Fast delivery. Good price. Good fit.  It's hard to find a basic plain toe oxford shoe these days.  I feel like goldilocks: I don't wand the toe to e too pointy or too square.  These were just right.
B00AH8FPS2 pretty good boot It looks very good. I like it very much. I think I will choose it next time and recommend my friends to see it.
B00AQMB9O8 Good Boot! I bought this for my daughter and she wears it everywhere this winter and it stood up fairly well and still looks good.
B00AQNPMGS Good sneaker boot Sprayed with waterproofing sneaker spray. Not stiff. Good tread. Good for regular snow play. Fits like a high top sneaker.
B00AR3GB9O I would recommend it. I like this shoes. It is good for cold, snowy or rainy weather and fit exactly as expected. I would recommend it.
B00AW7M97S Good Great boots I wish the bottoms were more rugged.  But they are beautiful and fit well. They are not as good as the bethel but a good choice.
B00AW7M97S Tim's are good! I really like these boots. They fit just right and are made with great quality. Plua they look really chic!
B00AW7M97S slippery but good looking This boots are really pretty and well fitted the problem that I found is that slide off on wet floors and thats a good reason to cost less than the 109 that I pay for.
B00AW7M97S good deal made well, but a little too high on the calf and slightly tight near the toe. leather is good quality
B00AW7M97S Good boots! Good material. Looks elegant in its style. Good for teens and young women. A little tight in the ankle area.
B00AW7RBGC Great looking boot! A little tight putting the boots on, but once on they feel good.  So far so good.  May need to purchase an additional pair in a different color!
B00AW7RBGC It's OK I got it as a gift for my momLooks good but a little narrowAnyway, it's good and valuable to buy
B00AW8HF9Y Good boots As other reviewers have said, these boots fit a bit tight. But they are leather and I expect them to stretch out with wear. They are very good looking and seem well made. I feel like I'll have these around for many years.
B00AW8HF9Y quality ?? I used to think of Timberland as a quality brand...but these boots lacked that.  The lining was a kind of fabric which I knew would wear out quickly.  There seemed to be no warmth in them...I have several pairs of winter boots, all the same size and wear good wool socks with them...My feet were extremely crowded in this pair.  The zipper closing wasvery stiff.  Looked good but weren't what I wanted.
B00AW8J5RE It's very good! It's very comfortable and fit me well. The quality is very good, worth buying&#65281;I thought they were a decent-looking pair of comfortable boots i wouldn't mind wearing to class on poor-weather days.
B00AW8JG9G very good boots. I choose this boots for the first choice in timberland , it fits me very welll and the quality is damn good.
B00AW8JGGE Great boots! Love the look and feel of this boot! Good quality at a good price. You get what you pay for.Roomy in the ankles but I am small boned with narrow ankles and feet. Color is as pictured.Totally recommend. Well made real leather boot.
B00AW8JL0A Good looking boots! Good looking and well made boots, flexible sole. Fit as expected. I would suggest wearing them with dress pants to the office.
B00AZPO1BY Wearing them now Excellent shoes... very comfortable... Good buy for the money...Shoes are good quality and wear well... I would buy them again.
B00AZPO1BY Good shoe. I've worn them once and they were delightful to wear. I actually bought a second pair in brown. They look good and feel good.
B00AZPO90W Very good,I like my new boot Very good, I like my new bootlooks good and the leather's soft. very comfortable to wear.That's a real good boot
B00AZPOIF8 good and light shoes these pair of shoes are so good, they fit well and they are very light for walk, feel confortable, both size are good for me either 8 or 8 1/2... i recomend them.
B00AZPOIF8 quite good the color is a little darker than I expected,but it fits so good,and it feels soft ,so to make it short, the shoes are good
B00AZPS9W6 boots that i like i choosed this rating because its true it fits good and i like using them. its good for this weather
B00AZPS9W6 Very nice looking Too bad there are no half sizes. Half size up would've been perfect. Other than that they are good quality and they really look good. You get two colours of laces with them, green and grey.
B00B7FIZ2C Great looking, but not comfy for me. I was looking for a good set of butchy boots to wear with my kilt.  These fill the bill for looks and features, but not comfort.  I'm not sure if it's the manmade materials used for heel and toe or what.  Tried two different half sizes, in medium and wide, and they just don't work for me either in the front or the back of the boot.  They seem pretty durably made, and if you find a size that works, great.  Good thing Amazon has the free returns on clothes, shoes, etc.  I returned mine and will look to other brands like Red Wing, Merrell, etc. for a more comfortable boot.  Who cares how good it looks if it doesn't fit right!
B00B7H5M4O They fit Good boot, good quality. Light weight and very comfortable. They look like the  color shown and they come with the lace's as well?Happy now amazon.
B00B7H5M4O Good so far I've tried them on and they fit good however I did get them wide. I haven't worked in them yet but just trying them on and walking around in them, they felt quite comfortable.
B00B82674M good fit i would recommend this shoe to anyone walking a lot Timberland does it again. great price great look also good buy.
B00B82677E Great Casual Good fit comfortable as a loafer should be, just wraps around foot with support to the insole. Feel good standing or walking as a quality shoe should.
B00B82677E very good item, very good price Great product, i got what i expected for and more in low price :-) . Thanks a lot for that deal!
B00B82SDYE Good quality, but too small I like this boots, good quality and comfy, but shoes 2-3 size smaller than written. Upset, had to sell. As ordered in Russia and it is difficult to return to the sender.
B00B83WVR8 Good light hiking shoe Comfortable and looks good too.  Can wear as casual shoes and then go hiking also. Would prefer a nubuck or top grain leather to the suede leather, but over all I like them.  Good cushioning also.
B00B9PA37A Good looks, and quality, would buy again. The fit, and quality of this shoe is very good. If your looking for a rugged, yet stylish boot, this fits the bill.
B00B9PADZ2 Good quality, best price They are an incredible pair of boots.Soft leather, good design, better construction. To walk 1000 miles.10D its a little bit bigger than in other shoes like Nike.
B00B9PADZ2 Very good quality fits ok . think while suing it more it will b ok..... the quaity is very good i love it
B00B9PADZ2 well made, lighter than it looks Looks good when new, though unsure if the leather will hold up without a lining after several months bad weather wear. Lighter than it looks, good sleeker alternative to similar DrMartens classic boot.
B00B9PADZM good Shoes were made aboratively, fitting very well. Leathers are touched good. The heels are padded to keep your feet warm.
B00B9PIUS4 Good way to buy. Because it fix my expectation. Good way to buy and feel good on your purchase. You expend your money in good way
B00B9PIUS4 looks good, but cheap build quality The boots look good and all. The stitching on the tongue is really cheap.i was putting on my boots , pulling, and moving the tongue around. The right tongue ripped almost in half. Amazon sent me a new replacement, so that was nice.
B00B9PJBDC Real good boots. Right out of the box the boots were right. Price and fit. I added water proof . Good to go . They go good with my dress pants I  were every day at work.
B00B9PM53U A great boot at a great price I paid $71 for these boots and couldn't be happier.  They are darker in person which i really like and seem to be of a good quality leather. The sole has good tread on ice.  Haven't had to use them through a real good snowfall yet but expect they will do just fine.  I really like the eyelets and wide laces. All you need to do is pull from the top and they tighten really well.  No need to up/or downsize, the mediums fit well even for my wider feet.  A thicker pair of socks is necessary(and intended).A softer inside sole would be nice but there's likely room to add inserts if i wanted.You'd be hard pressed to find a better boot for under $100.
B00B9PM56C Looks Good but a Problem It fits well, it looks good, its durable, rough and tough but the only problem I have with these shoes is that my feet sweat a lot in these. Not comfortable for long duration at all. They should have put some breathable material in this.
B00B9PMQE8 Great quality with minor fitting issues As far as the quality of the material is concerned, i couldn't be happier. The insulation is very good and keeps the feet warm even in the snow. The material used in waterproofing the shoe does a great job as well.The only problem with these boots are that their 'neck' region is too wide. So, even when you tie the laces pretty tight, there is a considerable gap between the inside of the boot and the region above ankle.That being said, I think if want to buy a good pair of boots for the winter, this is a very good option. I would recommend it.
B00B9PNY3A Good Boots!!! Good Boots, but I returned it because size was wrong.Bought new pair and happy. Warm, comfortable and very light .
B00B9Q34Y8 Great looking shoe Good fit .Very comfortable.Quality seems good as expected for this brand. Great price.
B00BB2MSN8 good choice! the glass is good quality,heavy too,it fits peoples who has a face not so big,it fits for me perfect.i do like it,put it on everyday.first time brough from this brand,will buy again
B00BB7BX66 Good booooots I have a hard time finding shoes that fit. I got the wides in these and they're just right. They're a good looking boot, well made, and comfortable. Follow the sizing recommendations - they're right on.
B00BCJV7H8 I like this boot! This boots looks like as I was expected.  Very comfortable. Nice colors with good leather.I think that it is good boot for walking in the cold weather.So, these boots met my expectations
B00BCJW35I Exceptional Quality Timberland makes very good quality shoes and these are no different.  A great buy, fits exactly as expected and very comfy!
B00BCJXLHW i love it. it's perfect i like it.the price is good. This is a very good shopping experience i love it. it's perfect i like it.the price is good. This is a very good shopping experience.a little small
B00CXV0U86 Good work shoes Product arrived on time and in good condition.  Shoes appear exactly as described. Fit was perfect and true to size.  Good quality.
B00D36ABN4 Good work boot Fits fine. Looks good. Warm boot but doesn't make your foot sweat so they're good enough year round. They're a ill stiff at first but once you brake them in they're good work boots for the price. I placed insoles in mine for added comfort since I'm on my feet for most of the day.
B00E3LLQD2 Good construction and slim in the pocket Good construction and slim in the pocket. Only time will tell if it long lasting. Would recommend to any one.
B00E41UGSC Love them These are great shoes, they are very easy to slip on, very comfortable, good grip, good for all weather conditions.
B00E41Y0E8 As good as can be expected Comfortable, good looking and nice and light. I like the color and the softness of the real leather.  Thank You
B00E4RYH1S Good staff! We've tried it when it was delivered. It's good and fit as was expected. Plus it looks nice. Thank you!
B00E5I2GPU Comfort & good looks! Timberland is high quality and always fits me perfect!  This is a good navy color that is great for spring & summer!
B00E5TU5AM sock it to me These look real good at first but don't seem to be lasting long. They feel real good and look real good and are nice and thick but a few points are wearing after a few weeks.  I'll report beck in a few months. I have gotten some Defeet and Darn tough socks To test them out. They cost way more so it seems to be how long do you want them to last for the money...
B00E8RA1UK Good quality These are very good quality closed toe sandals that we got for my daughter. They fit her perfectly and it seems as if she is very maneuverable in them.
B00EE1KOZM Good Buy Good feel and good look. Breaking in very quickly
B00EYRCE7C they look really good. Wasn't sure about the blue camouflage...they look really good.
B00FKL8CBI good quality stuff The purse is exactly the way I envisaged it to be. Good quality! Looks classy..on time delivery. ..liked the colour
B00FKL8E7A Good looking wallet Great looks good price  I like it very much good to give gift to friend  or family member  every think was great
B00IWAL8MO Very nice waller I have been using it for a week and find it very convenient and reliable. Good price and very good quality.
