B000073TM3 Great for women too Excellent quality.  Great price.  I am an adult female size 8 and the big boy's size 6.5 fit perfect.  These boots will be terrific in the snow and look great with jeans.
B000073TM3 Great Winter Boots Stylish also and great with my son pants. The boots are a nice color and he seem to move around ok
B000073TM3 Great! Great boots,waterproof,attractive,fit true to size,highly recommended. Looks identical to photo,genuine Timberland boots. Great on rainy days,clean up well. Identical to the man's version of this boot.
B000073TM3 Great purchase. I purchased this item and the very next day I received it at my door step. You can't go wrong with Timberland and the price was great.
B00009WM7J great! They look great and although they scuffed on the toes easily and quickly, they still seem pretty durable. The laces that come with them are too short. They keep the water out beautifully.
B00009WM7J Nice Exactly what I ordered and fit great.  Im not sure if they are really waterproof, but i bought them to walk on rocks in Afghanistan and they work great for that.
B00009WMIH great deal, great fit, and great price was a gift for my fiance. he loves this particular brand and style. so he had to have it...wil get him another soon. cheaper here then from timberland online.
B0000AFSX4 Great buy These boots worked perfectly for my son. They are very well made. They are a great color. They are a little heavy, but that's probably because of the sturdy construction. He has worn them several times already. I would recommend these boots.
B0000AFSX4 PLove them Great boots for a great price.... Fits just right for my growing 5 year old. He loves them very much
B0000AFSYY great! I was scared of how they may fit, and none of the comments really helped. I have small feet and can fit in kids shoes or 5 ladies the most, so I got 2.5 little kid. I should have gotten 2 but that's my fault, overall they fit very well. And their real which was great because the price was so good. I really recommend if you plan on buying timerlands but don't want to pay the full price.
B0000AFSYY Perfect fit Great pair of boots just what I expected...looks great and the price was right for a new pair of timberland.
B0000AT8CK Fabulous Tims! Great pair of Timberland boots!  Highly recommend!  Sturdy, waterproof, comfy.  Wearable all year long and look great with skirts, jeans, dresses, anything!
B0000DFAXV Great wintertime boots! I ordered these boots in an 8.5B (I usually take a 9W in running shoes).  They fit great.  They have a broad toe box so even with heavier socks there's plenty of room.  The heel doesn't slip at all and they have great traction.  They're really getting a work out this winter with all the snow.  The color is a little darker then pictured on my computer but they look great with jeans.
B0002RDYMC Boots and reeds so far everything I have purchased from amazon has been perfect. boots fit great and reeds worked great for my crafts. Thanks so much
B000AKVA6I great fit  great look these boots are great they fit well and so far seem to be very sturdy I will check back in a couple of months after wearing them everyday rain or shine and give a more ion depth report.
B000AKVBCQ TIMBERLAND BOOTS IF THESE LAST LIKE MY OLDER PAIRS OF TIMBERLAND BOOTS THEY WILL BE GREAT. THEY LOOK GOOD AND FEEL GREAT
B000B2G1MI Great boots! Second pair of these boots we bought. Our son grew fast enough that the boots won't fit him and still looks as good as new. We tried another Timberland model and came back to this one as it provides great support for his feet and ankles. Great choice if you're looking for good quality on nice looking boots.
B000B2G1MI Great boots! These boots are great. My son likes them and they work great for the days he does not want to wear his snow boots to school since his little feet won't get wet unlike if he would wear his sneakers. Flexible so he may still run in them.
B000B2HQ5O Great boot! I purchased these boots for my son.  They have great support, good traction and look fantastic.  Nice price for Timberland boots.  A quality product!
B000B2HQ5O GREAT! Bought these for my toddler, they are a great boot that is easy to put on as the laces loosen up and the tongue moves. Our little guy has chunky feet and it is hard to find shoes that open up far enough to get his foot in easily. These boots are the best! Great quality and great price!
B000B2HQ5O Great toddler boots These not only look nice on, but they are truly great boots for my toddler who loves to hike and play in the woods. They even remained water proof during 2 creek crossings. Highly recommended for any outdoorsy kids.
B000BB15ZC great boots they are great boots that can be worn right out of the box. they are comfortable and don't need any break in.
B000BB15ZC Always a great buy! Timberland boots never let me down. I can walk in them all day. Great quality for a good price. They are so much better than the boots provided at my job. I will always buy them.
B000BB15ZC Great pair of waterproof boots Great boots! Great product! They fit great and feel very comfortable. Can be worn all day without a problem. Thanks.
B000BB15ZC Great Boot Pros:Great Ankle supportEasy to stand in.provides great traction over rough terrain.Water proofCons:Moderately HeavyNotes:Do not try sprinting in these.
B000BB15ZC Great boot for the price! These are my third pair.  Great boots! They are very comfortable!  They are warmer then my $150 pair of boots.  Great boots for every day wear.
B000BB15ZC Great fitting shoe and comfortable! Shoes fit like a glove! It took a couple of days to break in but I expected that. Great grip and I love the look.
B000BB15ZC comfort fit at great price very comfortable, no break in time, got a great deal on coupon code for two pairs, light weight, perfect for walking and hiking trail
B000BFIHVS GREAT Timberlands! Love these boots (and Timberland in general). What can I say that hasn't already been said - quality is great, they are sturdy yet flexible, look good, last forever. And Amazon's pricing on these is unbeatable!!!
B000BFIHVS Great boots. I've worn Timberland for years and paid a lot more for them locally. When I found that I could order them from Amazon and save myself a bundle, I jumped on the chance. The boots fit great and arrived quickly.
B000BFIHVS Very Comfortable I was a bit hesitant to purchase shoes online. But since Amazon has a great return policy, I gave it a try. These boots are fantastic! They fit well and have great insulation. They feel durable, yet they're quite comfortable too. Would recommend these boots to anyone. Great bargain!
B000BFIHVS Great boots These boots are great! I have been wearing this boot for the past 10 years, for work and recreation, they are rugged and comfortable, They provide great support and can be worn for long durrations without fatigue problems. I highly recommend this boot, thank you Timberland you got it right with this one.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots Timberland boots are a great fit and have the lightest environmental footprint. This is my third pair. Comfortable and long-wearing.
B000BFIHVS Great boot but just was too large (my fault) Great looking but , unfortunately, didn't fit my husband. Will try ot reorder after holidays since we will be out of town
B000BFIHVS Great hiking boots This is a great hiking boot for wall weather. May get little hot in summer; otherwise, has a great grip for various terrain.
B000BFIHVS greAT SO GREAT MY SECOND PEAR OF THESE BOOTS  OH YEAH  YESSSS SOOO GOOD SO COMFOTRBALE SO ASOME THE BEST BOOTS
B000BFIHVS Great boots This is the 4th pair of these boots that I have owned. I have worn almost nothing but these boots now for over 6 years as they are nearly as comfortable right out of the box as the old worn out pair that is being repalced. Great quality!! Great comfort!! A+++ in my book!!!!
B000BFIHVS Great boot great price You cant go wrong with this boot. Comfortable, sturdy, light weight with a great look. Great value and I would order them again.
B000BFIHVS Great boot These boots are a great fit, very warm and very comfortable. These were a great purchase and would buy these again.
B000BFIHVS A great pair of boots for hiking! I am happy with it so far . Fit me well and wear them often, great for hiking , shopping or around home.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot Brown Boots are of great quality. They are typical of Timberland products. Fit is as expected. Great for the winter months.
B000BFIHVS Great value These boots are tough and look great.  They are also inexpensive compared to other boots.  I've hiked in these many times and they were comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe! Great overall boot I have used them for hiking and in a work environment outstanding beat them up held up very well!
B000BFIHVS Best Boots for the Price Ever Great Value.  They fit great, feel and look great.  Have used them little as of right now but seem very durable and of well crafted quality, which I expected from Timberland, since all of the other Timberland Boots I have owned have been a good value.  This one also.  Recomend.
B000BFIHVS Great boots The boots fit great. I wear a size 8 and they were true to size.They arrived on time and in great shape. Very comfortable.
B000BFIHVS great fit Comfortable; great fit; looks great;  plenty of room in the toe box for my wide foot; good casual boot and can even be worn at work
B000BFIHVS Great Boot I wear these boots every day for work and they take a beating.  The last pair held up for nearly 1 year.  Great fit, great support, well made.  This is the third pair I have owned.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable and a great value. I bought these to replace a five year old pair of Timberland boots. Sized just right out of the box (EE), comfortable, and they look great. Great value for the money whether you are looking for a nice pair of boots to go with casual wear or serious hiking.
B000BFIHVS This is a great boot. The sizes run a little large. I wear a 9 in women's and expected to buy a 7 in mens, but when I looked at the dimensions, I knew to get a size up. The fit is great, the sole is durable. Nice look to them.
B000BFIHVS Great fit.....Great feel These boots fit great. They're light but rugged. They don't rub your ankles raw like other boots will. Definitely endorse these as a must buy.
B000BFIHVS Great boots Great boots.  I will order more.  Good looking. I have already ordered two pair. Great price and waterproof to boot.
B000BFIHVS Great Great Fit good and are exactly what was showing in picture at a great price. Would buy again . TY
B000BFIHVS Great boots. Comfortable right out of the box. True to fit. Would definitely buy another pair. Timberland quality and price. There a bargain.
B000BFIHVS GREAT I had the timberland pro and it lasted for a year which is really good so i tried this one for the price and l am glad i got it.Looks great and feels great for construction. Just add gel soles and i can stand all day without my feet hurting
B000BFIHVS Great shoe, great fit, great feel. Extremely pleased.  I could have run all over town and still not found a pair of shoes as nice as these.  Thanks.
B000BFIHVS very comfortable; great hiking boot bought this for my husband and they fit great; great use for hiking and they look great for day to day use too
B000BFIHVS They are great! love them. This was the first time that I bought timberland, they are great! I have been using them everyday for 2 weeks and even that they look hard they are in fact really comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Great boots form Timberland Great quality shoes, and fit like a glove.  Not even necessary to break them in.  The first day I was riding my motorcycle and trekking with them, and its like I've had them forever.
B000BFIHVS great boots Timberland Men's, Great boots, good quality fits perfect, made with sustainable materials, smaller carbon footprint, Timberland is going green we like it ;-))
B000BFIHVS A great boot for a great price! I looked in many different stores for a durable waterproof timberland boot for my husband who wanted them to hike in. Although I found many which were similiar if not the same as this one, the prices were much greater. I got these for a great price and they are beautiful boots. They were also shipped to my home faster than I expected.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots fit great! Best price out there. Fit exactly like we expected. The service was terrific ! I am only posting this a year later because I need more!
B000BFIHVS Great for Winter weather Fits perfectly and works great for snow and cold. Will definitely recommend this to friends and family - Great buy.
B000BFIHVS Great fitting and feel great Love these Timberland's Boots size 15 and they fit great. Great traction and look great. I highly recommend for others who are out in the elements and want good traction and good fitting boots. I have been wearing them since they arrived and we have quite a bit of snow lately for us in the midwest. I have used some mink oil to help preserve the leather and they look good for being out in the  elements and rock salt. Thanks a lot and they arrived quickly and safely. Will be purchasing another pair in the future. Roger
B000BFIHVS Great price, great boot Lightweight with great grip. Broke them in on a moderate hike. Performed well especially on the sandy areas. Gripped perfectly. Definitely recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Good boot Great price for the boots. Fits as expected. Would recommend or I would by from again if I needed another pair
B000BFIHVS Great Durable Shoe I just bought a new pair of these, to replace the old ones I had. I put these boots through a lot of abuse and they hold up great. They keep my feet dry in the snow. The hooks and eyelets for the laces hold up great. I've owned many pairs of boots that the hooks at the top of the laces have broke, but these hold up great.
B000BFIHVS Excellent boot and price! What a great price for a great boot! I wore them all day yesterday--a perfect fit. And these boots have classic look--no garish colors.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot! I'm a landscaper and I purchased these boots to wear while I'm working.  They're great!  Comfortable - water-proof - much better than the description given.  I like them so much, I've ordered a second pair.  Definitely a great value for the money.
B000BGMMZ4 Great Boots These boots really deserve the five star ratings that they've been getting. They are really comfortable and looks great with anything that you wear.
B000FX9A5S Great boot it just did not fit. I have bought boots online before and the results were fine. This time was different. The boots are great they just do not fit. I gave them away to a family member they did fit. I will try again. No hard feelings here.
B000FX9A5S great boots great quality, little tall boots but perfect for my construction field, I will recommend this Timber land boots style, thanks
B000FX9A5S ok but not great I have trouble finding boots in my size. So I take what I can get. They fit great but didn't last very long.
B000G1Z9XG Good boots These are great boots I work outside and they can take a beating. I've had them all winter and they're great for below 0 days.
B000G21BSC Great Great shoes, perfect fit, just as I expected.  would recommend to anyone looking for a good pair of hiking boots
B000G21BSC Great outdoor boot! This was my second pair of White Ledges.  They are a great for working outside year round.  Waterproofing runs out after about a year but thats to be expected. Great boot for the price!
B000G21BSC Rugged and perfect! I bought this pair of Timberland's since I needed a boot that can handle what I throw at it. These boots measure up in all the important ways needed. They are rugged, long lasting, fit great, and will protect my weak ankle great too. They even look great on, bonus!
B000G21BSC Great Boots! I wear my Tims on an almost daily basis. They fit great and I don't feel like a jerk for wearing these since they are made of recycled material. Great traction and practically water proof. Very comfy but a bit heavy. Overall, very satisfied with my boots and would recommend these to any avid hiker. :)
B000G21BSC Fantastic boots Boots are a great fit and great quality.I have a lot of trouble with metatarsal problems and finding wide comfortable boots.These are IT!
B000G21BSC Great Boots Needed something water proof and good for walking for my trip to Europe. These are great.Really ldo love them.
B000G21BSC Great buy They're fantastic. They fit great and look fabulous.  I'm glad I decided to make this purchase because it was worth it.
B000G23DQK Great Boots!! I've worn Timberland boots for a few years and continue to buy them because of their durability, comfort and style.  I don't necessarily wear them for work but I enjoy them for a rugged casual look with my clothing attire.  The price that was available was great and I couldn't pass up the deal that was offered at the time.  Anyone who's looking for a great boot for the price and that's durable this is your boot, enjoy them.
B000G23DQK Comfortable and Looks Great I was skeptical when ordering these boots from Amazon because the price was so low. Most vendors have these boots listed as high as $180, but on amazon they are going for $100. The boots are the real thing. They look great and are really comfortable.
B000G23DQK great boots I bought these boots for my son they look great and the no scuff keeps them looking amazing.  I RECOMMEND THEM. He is 17 and they look great with jeans instead of sneakers all the time .  Great seller.
B000G23DQK Great price for great boots. Timberland boots were the most desired on my Christmas list because of the quality of the boot.  I like the look of the scuffproof boots and that they won't scuff.  The boot is probably one of the most comfortable I've worn and it keeps your feet nice and warm too.  An overall great piece of footwear whether for work or casual wear.
B000G23DQK Amazon always does a great job Boots for the kids, they love them. Comfort is very good, fit is very good and they look great. Thanks
B000G23DQK Excellent Got my order very quickly, which is exceptional because I am overseas.  Got the right size, in good condition, at a great price.  On the boots themselves: simply great boots.  Durable, comfortable, versatile.
B000G23DQK Great Boots Great boots that fit well right out of the box. Comfortable and well made. I would highly recommend them.
B000G23DQK Great seller Boots fit perfect and they look great. I've had these boots before and have always liked them. When these new ones wear out I'll buy another pair of these.
B000G23DQK Timberlands are great I have been wearing Timberlands for over 25 years, they are great boots. I would never think of purchasing another brand of boots.
B000G23DQK Nice boots - great price Nice boots - great price. Got the boots at a great discount. Arrived promptly and in perfect condition.
B000G23DQK Great This shoes are great starting to get the hang of wearing them with different outfits would definitely recommend great product great price very durable shoe looks great with everything especially blue and black jeans
B000G23DQK great boots, great value, on time for christmas Great boots, wonderful value.  Received my item before Christmas as promised.  Other reviews were helpful in choosing size.  Did go 1/2 size smaller.  My son is very happy!
B000G23DQK Great boots for a great price I keep buying these same boots on Amazon when the old pair gets dirty/worn. It is a great deal for the quality and price of the boot.
B000G23DQK Great!! Received fast..good quality..very pleased.Husbands favorite boot...fit well and wears like iron.Would recommend item to others.  Great fashionboot.
B000G23DQK A bit heavier that I thought but great! Great waterproof boots. I'd love if they could be manufacture a bit lighter, although they seem pretty good quality too!
B000G23DQK Great boot, Great Price (if you own a pair of scissors) the boots have a hard leather flap in them just above where the inside of your ankle is, that digs into your ankle as you walk. after a night of work, my ankles felt as if somebody had been jabbing them with scissors, so i pulled the scissors out of the boots and cut off the tabs. now they fit great, theyre durable,and theyve worn in a little bit.
B000G23DQK Love it!!! I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas.  He loved them!! They look great!! They got to me very quickly, and also came in an authentic Timberland box.  3 months later and they still look great and fit him perfectly.
B000G23DQK Great Boot!! Great Boot, great price. Extemely comfortable!! Would recommend this item to anyone. Purchased as a gift for my son. They run about 1/2 size big so I kept his pair and ordered a second pair for him.
B000G23DQK classic wheat Exactly what i was looking for. I'm a big Timberland fan and these absolutely were top grade. Great price great quality
B000G23DQK What I expected at a great price Bought these for my husband size 9 for Christmas. True to size, great condition, fast delivery, great price!  Would recommend to others.
B000G23DQK u knoe what u get Timberland has a great reputation and its well deserved they are a  great look. a must have for every guy!
B000G23DQK Great Boot These Boots Look Great, Got them in size 9.5 still have room for some thick socks these boots are great there very comfortable .
B000G23DQK Boots Great but. Shipped quick. Nice boots. Great price. Regular 180 at timberland store 110 on this site. Love the boots.
B000G23DQK Great Great boot, I wish I would have used a stain protector before I wore them. I wear these all the time including ridding my motorcycle.
B000G23DQK Great! The review is a bit late since I purchased them in June, but they are still holding up great I purchased the burgundy leather timbs and even in the summer I constantly recieved compliments from strangers, even now for the fall I get compliments left and right like " those are nice I've never seen them before where you get them at?" Definitely recommend and worth getting a non common color, they look even better in person. Quality is great and still look new
B000G23DQK Great Boots great design by timberland Very comfortable around the ankles and comfort while walking, i'd recommend these boots to anyone who like style and comfort as well as an intriguing scuff proof design which makes the boots longer lasting, an all out great edition to timbeland.
B000G23DQK Look Great and Sturdy! The only thing is they need to be worn in.  Got blisters in the beginning because the leather was stiff (still new).  Now, they're great.
B000G23DQK Stylish! I love the boots! They are warm and have great quality. I enjoy the ease of ordering without any ordering or shipping issues. Shipment of the boots was very prompt! Thank you so much for great service!
B000G23DQK Brilliant These are the most fantastic boots. True to size, great colour, great style. My son wore them out for the first time and it was raining. We were worried that the boots would mark as there were wet marks on them, they dried clean, not a mark, it was fantastic. I would highly recommend them to all.
B000G23DQK Great boots i wear they through everything and they still look great, had them forever. a little uncomfotable to wear all day, but still I cant complain cuz they get the job done
B000G23DQK Great boot, great price One of my favorite pair of boots for the fall/winter. High quality boot at a great price. I have been wearing these boots (style/brand) for some years now and they have always been reliable, simply spray some waterproofer on them and you should be set for the elements.
B000G23DQK Great boots Boots look great and fit even better....would recommend them to anyone looking for a comfortable boot for daily casual wear
B000G23DQK Great boot I did not buy these boots for weather or work, I purchased them for style. They arrived as expected and same great quality from timberland.
B000G24LJS Great shoes! I love the style, rugged look and great fit! Glad I decided to make the purchase. A Christmas present to myself.
B000KVA7YI Great shows The boot has a great fit ... I am thinking of buying another pair... Awesome ...comfort level is great... Kept me warm during cold days
B000KVA7YI The boot you can use everyday of your life I would wear these everyday and these boots hold up great. They look great, feel great and are just great all together. Even when I am not wearing these boots I want to for they are a greatly built boot.
B000KVA7YI Received this order quickly This boots arrived on time. They fit great. I'm glad I got the 8&#34; boots with more insulation.  These are great for Canada.
B000KVA7YI Great boots! The boots arrived quickly and were well packed.They fit great and  I got a fantastic deal.I will purchase my boots from amazon in the future.
B000KVA7YI great fit great ,feel great and hold up well in the steel industry I will buy these again but not for a while they last a few years
B000N53VZ8 A good deal This was a great deal for a great pair of boots.  Price, quality, prompt delivery...just the best.
B000NKIGNK Great looking, great fitting shoe Sadly, this line is discontinued at Timberland, but some are still available in selected sizes and widths.  VERY comfortable, great on boats or on land, and well-structured for long wear.  Happy to have found them!
B000NKIGNK Great shoe ... great price! This show was a great buy. Timberland makes a great product and to find it in a size 15 for under $60 is amazing. The two-tone style purchased looks nice in the larger size.
B000QW02F0 Great boots. I love these boots. I buy one new pair of these every year. They are water tight and they look great.
B000TK6IMA LOVE IT!!! The quality of the shoe is great.  Obviously didn't expect anything less from Timberland.  Soft leather, flexible sole, great fit!!
B000VI8UX0 Great looking shoe Got exactly what I was looking for with these shoes. They look great, fit well, and my boy loves them.
B000VIAOMU Great boot My son's first boots! He wants to wear them with everything, shorts, boxers, or pants! Great fit and comfort. Great quality from a great company!
B000VIDXE6 Great Shoes The Timberlands were a great fit, great quality and very comfortable. I would recommend them for every young teen.My grandson loves them.
B000VIDXE6 Great hiking boots Fits comfortable , stylish and very sturdy , great boy's Hiking boot from Timberland , looking to get them again after he outgrows these !
B000VIDXE6 Great Looking Hikers Wow! great looking hikers, fit just right on my feet. Price right for my life of having fun. You always need great looking hikers for all that trial walking and doing some fishing on the side. Just a great pair of hikers in my book of life.
B000VIG2TY Great boots Good quality, great looking and very comfortable. My little girl loved them. We did express shipping and got them the very next day!
B000VQBPOS Great boots, Great prices! They arrived well packaged and right on time.  I would order shoes from this store anytime!
B000VQBSO0 Great boots! I absolutely LOVE these boots! These are the most comfortable pair of boots I've owned. Fit great! They're wonderful! Also very stylish. :)
B000VQHO16 GREAT BOOTS! I bought these to my wife and since the moment she received them, she felt in love with them. She said they were confortable and great for winter.100% recomended!!!
B000VW69IY Great fit and style Shoes fit great and are very comfortable.  Great support.  Very satisfied with these shoes.  Goes great with everything.  Grab a pair for the summer.
B000VW69IY timberland men's altamont fisherman to any and every one they R great they fit and wear perfectly, so glad I got them. they are a great pair of shoes.
B000VW69IY Great shoes They  are great looking and feel great on,they were at great a price. I would recommend them to any person who likes fisherman shoes.
B000VWCBUY Great Look, Great everything!!! This is a great boot, really sharp and unique looking...and in brown too-I'm thrilled!! It seems so many sharp and contemporary boots are only in black. This boot fits and feels great on and seems real well made. This was an awesome find...couldn't be any more satisfied. A really GREAT design.
B000VWCNSE Great shoe! Ill be to the point... Great shoe, great traction, great look. If your in a cold climate, just get some socks that will keep your feet warm, because these shoes are not for warmth, just look and traction.
B000VWEHJW A great shoe I love these shoes and they get better with time. Waterproof with a great sole. I can wear them at the office or out in the field either way they look and feel great.
B000VX01V4 Great Shoe and great price I would and most like will buy this shoe again. Great looking and well made. Hits great and the larger size works well for me (size 14).
B000VX01V4 Handsome, fun shoe The shoes are great for casual wear. Easy to put on and off. Look great, makes me look better. Thanks!
B000VX01V4 PERFECT - JUST IN TIME FOR THE SUMMER! Great shoe. Classic Style. Great fit. Comfortable and cool. I got them wet sailing yesterday - still great. They dried quickly.
B000VX03GC Great boots These boots are warm and comfortable and they are also waterproof as described.  They look great as well and I am very happy with them.
B000VX03GC Hikers Great shoe, great price. I took them right out of the box and took them on a trip to China with me.  They did great, comfortable, lightweight and rugged.
B000VX03GC great fit, poor construction these boots fit great and were very comfortable.  Unfortunately the stitching came loose within the first few days and had to be returned.  It is a shame that the stitching came loose, because the boots fit well and were very comfortable and dry with the gore-tex.
B000VX03GC Nice boot. These look great. The toe box is a little tighter than expected as I bought the wide ones but I'm hoping after a little breaking in that they'll fit perfectly. Great price for Gore-Tex boots and looking forward to the spring to try them on a backpacking trip.
B000VX03GC GREAT BOOT! These boots are comfortable and look like they will last. They look well made and very good with traction, no slipping.
B000VX03GC Light boots They are great boots. and very light. look nice too They are great for disc golf if it is wet out.
B000VX03GC Great boot Fantastic. Comfortable durable. Good looking. Overall great. Only thing I don't like is if the toe gets bent in it won't come back out on its own.
B000VX03GC Great boots These are the most comfortable work great fith pair will buy another next season thank you for your print delivery
B000VX03GC Great for my first boots! Great shoes! No break in but a  little stiff at the toes. I have never worn actual boots for hiking but these are great. Waterproof and I was able to scale down a slippery, muddy, leaf-covered slope without any slippage.
B000VX03GC Great Boots Great fit, comfortable, durable boots.  Minimal break-in.  Wear these almost every day for work. On my third pair now. I love them.
B000VX03GC Great boot! They are comfortable, durable, and look great with khakis or jeans. These boots are a great addition for work and play.
B000VX03GC Great everday boot This is about the 5 pair of these boots, great item.  Waterproof, good wear rate, comfortable.  I will buy them again.
B000VX03GC Great Boots! This is my third pair of Chocurua  Trail boots.  I have found them to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  They were on sale at a great price too.
B000VX03GC Great Boots! Very Happy with these boots! They fit great, and feel broken in right out of the box. Great value too for Gore Tex and Timberland quality.
B000VX03GC very comfortable. The quality of these boots is great. They are a soft leather and very comfortable. They clean up great. I would buy these again.
B000VX03GC Great boots water proof, comfy, look great, grippy, highly recommendedif i had to come up with a con, they can be a little too hot in the spring/fall if you wear them all day.
B000VX03GC great boot I bought them for my soon and he loves them. He went hiking the day he got them and said they were great.
B000VX03GC Great value*** Great boot. Great fit and just what I was looking for the price range I wanted. Very happy with the quality.
B000VX03GC Great boots, Great Price! My husband loves these boots! They fit him well and look great! We are both glad to have gotten them. :)
B000VX03GC Great boots Great working boots get me love them been using them for a while now and fits me needs will recommend
B000VX03GC Great shoe I am very, very happy with this boot. Great fit, and great price and it even looks good. This boot is true to size.
B000VX03WQ Great boots The boots fit as expected but the color was darker on one shoe than the other. Still a great boot
B000VX03WQ Boots fit great everything worked out better than expected. its a great boot and i had no problems at all.  would buy again
B000VX03WQ Great Boots Great Price This is my second pair of these boots and they are just amazing and last for a long time - love em!
B000VX03WQ great all around boot I've been wearing timberlands for 10 years now. these are great all around boots. comfortable for outdoors or even dressing up. I highly recommend it to anyone
B000VX03WQ timberline  boots The boots r great have wore them for years every time I get them they always feel great. What I like most about them  there is very little break in time. I am on my feet all night working an my feet never get tired.thank youfor a great pair of boots.
B000VX03WQ Great item for a great price Love Timberland with is rustic styling and durability.  These boots caught my eye in stores for a much higher price.
B000VX04DO Great Boots these are great boots! They are durable andcomfortable. Not too heavy on your feet either.
B000VX04PC Great shoe! These are my top pick ever year. True to size, great wear, love 'em! Great for men women and children
B000VX4KFM The perfect boot!! These boots are great. Very comfortable with a great fit. These boots are more comfortable than any sneakers I've ever worn. Great buy!!
B000VX6ET2 Best boots I've owned especially for the price. The boots are great, very comfortable, waterproof, plus they were like 80 percent off, so the price was great.
B000X46MOQ Great boot! I am a farm laborer for my university and I needed these to work in the orchards. I must say i scrapped them up pretty bad the first time I wore them but they were awesome. They held up really well! Great fit and great ankle movement.
B000XEA5ZI Nice boots. Great boots, light weight, very comfortable. I do construction for a living and these boots have been great. Fits great.
B000XEA5ZI Great Boots... Great boots that hold up to a work environment. Definitely suggest and recommend this brand. The fit and style are both functional and looks good.
B000XEAA0S WONDERFUL! GREAT QUALITY!
B000XEAA0S Quality Quality and durability is great. It looks great and it is great for work. Love it, would recommend it to anyone.
B000XEACHO great if you are looking for great workboots, then these are for you...great support, long lasting and very nice to wear..buy them
B000XEAM10 Timberland Pro Boots Very nice boots, great quality and they look great. I use them at work and they get some abuse. I usually wear an 11 and I ordered an 11, fit was perfect.The toe area is over sized which I love so no more holes in the toe of my socks.Would highly recommend.
B000XEAMXS Great boots for all purpose ocasions Extremely happy with these Timberlands. Super comfortable. An all purpose work boot. That feels great. Super light weight thats what i love the most.
B000XEAPDA Great Work Books! This is my second pair of these boots and they are great boots at a fair price. They are very comfortable and feel like gym shoes. Highly recommended!
B000XEAPDA Great boots easy break in They fit great, Feel great broke in in a day and a half,walking on concrete feels like walking on air
B000XEEQAI Great boots Great boots, this is my third pair. I bought the extra wide size and they fit as they should. Great for work
B000XEEQAI Great boots! Excellent boot with plenty of room and quality construction.  I've owned a number of Timberland Pro boots and all have been great work boots and the most comfortable I have worn.  Highly recommended.
B000XEEQAI Great These boots are perfect. I wear them every day. Very comfortable right out of the box. No break in time needed! Great price, wouldn't buy anything else. No complaints here!
B000XEEW9S Great Value Great Boots !! Everything needed in a comfortable & durable work boot. These boots are a great value & I would recommend !
B000XEH2JA great boots this is my third pair of timberland boots. what a great pair of boots for the money.  what else do i need to say?
B000XEH2JA Great boots I needed these boots for work and am very satisfied. They are very comfortable and provide plenty of toe room. They look great too!
B000XEH2JA Great Boots! Great Service! These are great boots! I have had a pair of Titans before so I knew that I liked them. I looked around at several stores locally and didn't find any in either my size, color, or price range. These were as much as fifty dollars cheaper than at one of the stores. I had a little problem with shipping but that was my fault. Amazon corrected it and didn't charge me a thing. They were very nice and helpful about it.
B000XEH2JA Great fit. I tried these same boots on at store and then ordered from amazon, knowing they would fit. Great price and quality and fit are wonderful.
B000XEH2JA great boots these boots are great.  I've had them for a long time now and they have held up! they are durable and very comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S These are great, waterproof, work boots! Fit great, have great support, don't beat up the soles of your feet, and are worth every penny, especially if comfort and durability are important to you.  Plus, they just look cool (great oxblood/brown color)! East to put on and quick to get off!I wear an extra wide, but these are cut BIG.  No problem with my orthotics fitting in when I first tried them on at a brick and mortar store.  MSRP (list price)was $165!  BUT, I ordered them through Amazon and saved a bundle!
B000XEIZ7S Great boots for the price These boots fit great and feel great on your feet. I used to pay twice the amount for the same boots at work from the Timberland truck. I will keep buying the same ones online.
B000XEIZ7S Great Value My dad loved them. So many great advantages to one pair of boots and can be worn year round. Thank you so much!
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots I have bought  a pair of boots, like maybe 6 months ago and they are a gonner!!...This are the first that I found, that are great!!...I'm a Journeyman (Electrician) and they are just perfect and they are also very comfortable...No complaints here!
B000XEIZ7S More Great Boots from Timberland! What else can I say then another great boot from Tmberland Pro.  I spend a lot of time on my feet and these have been great,I have not been disappointed by Timberland footwear yet.
B000XEIZ7S great buy Great company outstanding customer service. The boots are so comfortable at work. They fit perfect and I haven't had any problems.
B000XEJ9V4 Great fitting and stylish boots! Very comfortable for everyday wear and look great. Wish they had speed lacing at the top couple eyelets but not a huge issue.
B000XEJ9V4 Great boots Im very happy with these boots, they are good tough boots, they look great and they fit perfectly. Extremely satisfied
B000XEJ9V4 great boots great boots&#65292; nothing long and boring here , these are some of the best boots you can buy honestly !
B000XEJ9V4 Great boots Unbelievable purchase, great price, fabulous product.  Bought a pair for my husband and he liked them so much I got a pair for my son who works outside in Michigan.  He is very please with the boots performance also.  Thanks
B000XEJ9V4 So glad I chose these! Great fit, no break in time for me , fit from the get go. I was skeptical ordering on line but relied on the reviews, Wasn't misled their great boots.
B000XEJ9V4 Great Timberland boots This is the great classic Timberland boot.  They fit well, and are comfortable to wear.  They seem a bit more sturdy than the non PRO model, which is a plus.  I do not see the need for me to buy new boots for a long time.
B000XEKHOC great buy the boots had a great fit, just what my husband wanted, so worth the money,definitely recommend for the outdoor man
B000XEKHOC Great price and great quality. Fit perfect, and sooo comfortable, I&#8217;ll follow up after I've worn them for a while. But for right now I am completely satisfied. Great price and great quality.
B000XEKHOC Great rainy days motorclycle boots Here, in rainy Nova Friburgo, Brazil, these boots are great for riding a bike through rainy weather. It has a wonderful grip and it's also very comfortable. And these guys from Amazon are great. I received it sooner than I expected.
B000XEKHOC Great boots, great price Great rugged boots that fit as expected. Thick soles and quadruple stitched i don't see them falling apart any time soon.
B000XEKHOC great Great boot all around! Fits good. Not to heavy.  As comfortable as a boot can be. And the boots so far have showed great quality.
B000XEKHOC Great boots. Great fit right away no break in needed. Comfortable all day. No more pain in feet knee s or back. Will definitely buy again. Highly recommend.
B000XEKHOC Great Buy If you are shopping for new boots, look no further. These are quality made and very comfortable from the moment you slip them on.
B000XEKHOC Great fitting boot Right out of the box these are very comfortable..  Look great also, very rugged and tough looking.Nice thick knobby soles.These were about $35 cheaper then at Sears.  I will definitely buy again..
B000XEKIUK Great boots Comfortable, tough, warm and cheap. Classic styling that looks great with uniform or jeans. Great buy, been wearing these boots for years, no complaints.
B000XEKIUK Built tough and very comfortable.  A++ Great boots, walking on concrete floors all day, 12 hr shift. I have found that these boots fit the safety requirements here at work. They look great and last along time. I would recommend these.
B000XEKIUK Great quality, great fit, nice looking I bought these as a present for my hard working man.  He had been having leg and foot pain from wearing his worn out boots.  Great deal, great boots.
B000XEKIUK Great boots! have been wearing these a few weeks now.  After the first couple of days the boots felt broken in.  They are very waterproof, have great traction, and overall I am been very satisfied with these.
B000XEKIUK great got these last night, couldn't wait to break them in...took out the insoles replced them with a pair of dr scholls work insoles...im 5'10 330lbs....these boot are great look and feel great..
B000XEKIUK great boots Very comfortable, worn the boots for a week and my foot pain is gone.  Will give it 6 months them see. Great delivery time too.
B000XEKK94 Great Boot It was a great price, they fit perfectly, great for all kinds of weather. I would highly recommend to anyone!
B000XEKK94 great boot and price these are the most comfortable boots I have had and the were at a decent price as well. definitely recomend getting them........
B000XEKK94 Great for Hard Working! These boots fit well, the material is tough, great for everyday use and comfortable also, recommended if you work outdoors. The fit size is accurate.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots Great boots for working out doors in the weather.  Hold up very well in rough conditions.  Wil most likely buy an additional pair
B000XEKK94 THESE BOOTS ARE SUPER !!  WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!! I have 6 pairs of Timberlands and these Pros are just as great quality as all Timberland Boots I've had !! They feel great and I've walked at least 10 miles in them in a week, and they are so comfortable !!  Would recommend them highly !!!
B000XEKK94 Great Boots! I bought these boots for my son last Christmas.  He has loved them since he took them out of the box.  He said they wear great.  These boots are going into their second winter here in Michigan and they still look great.  These are great boots and worth every penny.
B000XEKK94 timberland GREAT BOOT FOR A GREAT PRICE,THE LOWEST PRICE AND BEST QUALITY ON THE NET.WOULD DEFINETLY BUY AGAIN.THANKS AGAIN FOR A GREAT SITE.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots! These are really great boots! Very comfortable, very warm. Plus totally water proof! The best thing I noticed... no break in period required!
B000XEKK94 great boots Great boots, very confortable and durable I am very satisfied.make sure you have your correct foot size I think Timberland is off by 1/2 inch
B000XEKK94 great shoes I ALWAYS  BUY TIMBERLAND PROS. THEY ARE GREAT LASTING WORK BOOTS.CONFORTABLE AND DURABLE.AND GREAT VALUE FOR THE PRICE.. ALL TRADES SHOULD WEAR TIMBERLAND PROS
B000XEKK94 Great BOOT. These Timberland 65030 Work boots are comfortable right out of the box. Great for working in. I would recommend these to a Friend.  Thanx Timberland
B000XELF3O Great! Comfy & great looking....just what I wanted in a work boot.Speed laces and lace hooks are a plus, too.
B000XELF3O Great work boots These boots are comfortable, even after breaking them in for a few days the still offer great support and they look good to.
B000XELF3O Great Boots These boots fit great and are very comfortable.  Even after 10 hrs working in the shop I had no fatigue in my feet.
B000XELF3O Great fit! Great fit and deal. Bought another pair (different type). Will keep checking amazon for deals in the future. Great for work!
B000XELF3O Great Boots! Great boot! I got these for work but after I realized how comfortable and good looking they were I decided I didn't want to ruin them working.
B000XELF3O Great quality, value as expected from Timberland Great boots - comfortable and a good value.  The quality is what you expect from Timberland - I am likely to wear these for the next 10+ years
B000XELF3O Great Boot for the price. This is a great pair of boots. As suggested, I purchased a size small. These were too tight so I went up a half size. These are snug but fit pretty well. Boots broke in after a few days and have gotten to be very comfortable. They seem to be holding up pretty well, but the leather does get banged up fairly easily. Overall, great boot for the price.
B000XELF3O Great for the money These boots are comfortable, true to size and great for the money. Great for walking on cement floors for long periods
B000XELF3O Great quality Wonderful quality, fit is perfect and they were here very fast. I would definitely buy another pair. Thanks for the great boots! Very satisfied.
B000XELF3O Great steel--toe boots Stylish and useful, these are great work boots and this dark brown is a great color.  Boyfriend loves them, comfortable, durable and safe.  Good price and arrived promptly.
B000XELF3O Great boots.... The boots would've been great if the size was right so a simple exchange was required and now with the right boots all is well.
B000XELF3O Great Boots These are great boots. I had them in brown and needed a pair in black. They are comfortable as well as rugged. An excellent boot for the money!
B000XELF3O Extremely satisfied. They came on time, and the price was great, I will be going through the the next time I need to buy a good pair of boots for someone.
B000XELF3O shoes They were brand new like mentioned and the turn over was great I would recommend this site to others.great job
B000XELF3O Heavy duty boot These shoes look great, feel great, and fit exactly perfect. I love Timberlands as they always fit well. They hold up great too.
B000XELF3O GREAT value! They are exactly as described and at a great price.  I will definitely buy more items in the future, thanks!
B000XELF3O Great boots for oil field work, great value overall. Love these boots so far. I work in the oilfield so i needed something that was insulated, non-slip, water resistant, and steel toe - and these certainly do the trick. Only took about 2 days to break in (and really didn't need to at all), and theyve been very durable and versatile. I've worn them in temps from 10 to 90 degrees F and they've been great in all weather. They've taken a beating over the last 2 months and are still in great shape, also very easy to clean. Very satisfied for the price. Great value.
B000XELF3O Nice Boots Boots are great for the price.  I rubbed them down with some mink oil for extra waterproofing for the winter.  Working Great!
B000XETJU0 Great boots This new pair of boots fit great, are plenty tough for my line of work on job sites, hold up well.
B000XETJU0 Great boot, great price! I needed some light weight work boots, and didn't want to pay $200.00 These are great, appear well made, and will be great for summer wear.
B000XETJU0 great boots Have a pair of these boots already and they are great, feel good  and are comfortable. I can't find them any where but online and I am never disappointed.
B000XETJU0 Great value I got these boots for my husband and he loved them.  They fit perfectly and live up to the Timberland standard.  I even got the boots early which was a treat, and a great value for the price.  Loved it.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots These boots appear to be very good quality and look great. They fit exactly as expected. The color just as described.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots The boots I purchase for my husband were comfortable from day one. Had no problems with rubbing against the ankle. Boots give great support and would buy them again.
B000XETJU0 Excellent construction, comfortable boots These boots are very well made. Great soles with plenty of traction, very high quality seals, great in snow and water. And very comfortable. Have worn these all day without any complaint.
B000XETJU0 Great comfortable boot Great fit - soft - and looks good.  Timberland is worth the extra money.  Nice color contrast too.  Don't have to break in these boots.
B000XETJU0 Great boot for a great price Great boot for the price! Very sturdy and very comfortable! It is hard to find shoes/boots that come in size 14. But I'm glad we found this one!
B000XETJU0 Great boots, great price My order arrived quickly and the boots fit perfectly.First time ordering work shoes online as I prefer to try themon before buying to see how they fit.Cannot beat the price and free shipping.Local department stores were more expensive and did nothave my size in stock.
B000XETJU0 Best Timberland boots! Great quality for an exceptional price!!!  Amazon.com ALWAYS beats the competition in price and service.
B000XETJU0 Great boots This boots looks very nice, and I buy it because I had another pair of Timberland shoes which are great quality for all seasons and also is fashionable. This pair is one of better looking Timberland shoes in my mind and the price is very attractive too. I just got it today, but I immediately love it. I will definitely buy from this seller again.
B000XETJU0 great everything was great few scratches on them but work boots any way so no worries will definately get again very soon always have 2 pairs during winter time
B000XETJU0 Comfortable fit I have been a timberland customer for 10 years + and the boots have always held up well, even under adverse conditions,  Absolutely no issues with delivery and a great price to boot! :)
B000XETJU0 Great Boots This is my 2nd pair.  They are quality boots that look good and perform well.  They also go great with jeans.
B000XETJU0 Great quality and price! Fits perfect. Very good quality. These should last for years. Never ordered any shoes or boots online but I will start now. Great boots for the money!
B000XETJU0 great shoes Got these for my boyfriend and they have exceeded his expectations. they are very comfortable and extremely durable. they are great shoes and a great price!
B000XETJU0 Great boot at a great price! Bought these boots for my son to wear for work and cold weather. They run true to size and are of great quality. He is happy with them.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots! My fiancee' really needs a good pair of work boots for his job, and these really fit the bill.  Thanks for a great product!
B000XETJU0 Great boot!!! I ordered these for my dad who works all the time and he loved them. They fit perfectly and he said thy were very comfortable and great work boots.
B000XETJU0 Good buy, great boots Great boots, fits as expected. No issues. Had my last pair if same brand for 5 years of tuff wear. Defiantly recommend
B000XETJU0 Great boots great price Love the boots had a similar pair for 12 years Timberland is the only thing that goes on my feet!
B000XETJU0 Great Boot I bought theses boots and sent them back as I simply didn't need them.  I did, however give them a look-see and found them to be of high quality and of great overall finish.  I wish I had a need for them.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots I love these boots, I have been wearing them every day for 5 months now and they are still going strong. I do lawn care and I am really rough on them. Great buy!!!!
B000XETJU0 Great boots , great price!!! Although I only had these boots for a week , they feel like I've had them for months , comfortable from the first use and they never have to be broken in , hopefully they will last .
B000XETU1I Great value Shoes are comfortable.  Non created soles are great ,I no longer track yard debris into the house.  These are quality work boots for a reasonable price.
B000XEVJJO Great Boot- Great boot, great fit, so far very happy with construction and style, using for work, to replace old style ST boots-Thanks
B000XEVJJO Great buy Great value.  My husband needed a pair that was not too uncomfortable and still looked nice.  These accomplished both.  Would recommend
B000XEVLF6 Fit great Fit great, nice air ventilation for work shoes, comfortable and safe, really recommended to people that works long hours standing.
B000XEVM8W Great Boots If you're like me, constantly walking around you're work, then these boots are for you. I love the ruggedness/comfort that the boots provide for the price.  Great buy.
B000XEVM8W Great shoe not totally anti-slip, but comfortable, fits very neat and stylish, inner sole is wonderful, would recommend this to others, great price too.
B000XEVM8W great!!!!!!!!!! so far great. been wearing them for two weeks and they are great. i wear inserts for high arches so bought half size bigger fit is great.
B000XEVM8W Nice Comfortable Shoe Qucik shippimg. Easy to put on and take off. Great alternative to a full boot. Great Timberland quality, Price was great,
B000XEVM8W Great Fit, Comfortable, Seem To Be Holding Up Great At first they were stiff, but after a week of everyday use, they are very comfortable. Definitely great for walking thru puddles and muddy areas. Will buy these again when they start to fall apart.
B000XEXA46 Does the work It does just as advertised.  Traction is great on wet surfaces, overall protection is great.
B000XF04LM They're a Great pair of shoes!!! I've had them for a couple weeks now! They fit great and they're really comfortable. I would highly recommend them!
B000XF04LM Great boots This are perfect work boots and a great price.  The fit is great and would recommend them for working.  They are comfortable.
B000XF04LM Great Buy! I was quite surprised by how comfortable these shoes felt.  Although they are intended to be in a commercial/industrial environment, they can easily be worn in a social setting and still look great.  Highly recommend.
B000XF04LM Great Boots These are my favorite boots. They fit great and wear very well. I will order them over and over. Perfect!
B000XR2GN4 Great Product These boots are exactly what I was looking for and at a great price.  I work indoors and outdoors in an area with four seasons. These boots are so comfortable and I enjoy their fit. I usually buy insoles for all my boots and sport shoes but these boots don't need it. This really is the best boot for the price and the quality is great. Get a pair now.
B000XR2GN4 GREAT LIGHTWEIGHT BOOT This is great, lightweight, has tread that does not pick up dirt and get all heavy as you know what. Also comfortable. This is a good buy.
B000XR2GN4 Great products I already had these boots for work and needed another pair.  They are exactly what I wanted and they are a great value compared to my local stores.
B000XR2W1U I love these boots! Great for work!!! I bought these boots about a week ago to wear them at work. They are great! The boots fit true to size and they have a lot of room in your toe area. They are very comfortable. I did not have any issues with them so far. They look very durable and cute. I like that they are not heavy at all!  I am thinking about getting another pair in brown color. Great buy!!!
B000XR2W1U Great value! My last work boots were Timberland so I knew the company produced great products.  I specifically looked for this brand and was pleased with the price and so far wearing them everyday, they have been very comfortable.
B000XR2W1U Great boots I love timberland boots but they are hard to find locally in my size. I was pleased to find them online and they are just what I wanted, look great, fit great.
B000XR2W6A Fits great Boots are very comfortable and fit great
B000XR4IXA Great Boots! I needed a pair of comfortable waterproof boots to wear on long days of landscaping work.  These are great!  I've worn them every day since I've gotten them, there was no break-in period.  I'd buy them again for sure!
B000XR4IXA Great! I bought these boots for my wife, as she works construction and goes through boots pretty quickly. She has been using Red Wing boots lately, and was ready for yet another pair. I have been happy with Timberland Titans for quite some time now, so I got a pair for my wife and so far she loves them. Great being able to find her size on Amazon and such a great price too!
B000XXGMRO Great product for your money. Great fit. Super light weight boot with great quality leather. I believe timberland boots are even better than most other boot brands out in the market. I am in the trades as a plumber and use timberland Pro boots for work. I think timberland boots are better than Redwing boots.
B000XXGMRO Amazing These are some of the lightest and rugged boots I've had. Styling is also great. I am very satisfied with them.
B000XXGMRO Amazing boots! Great boots. Comfortable and warm. High quality stitching and look. Very comfortable inserts within the boots, soles are great and comfy
B000XXGMRO Very comfortable Great comfort, boots are a bit wide but fit great with a heavy socks. Nice light weight makes for an easy all day wear.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeepers are great boots Received these boots last week. They are extremely soft leather and break in right away. Boots run a little bigger than some others. All in all great fit and great, comfortable boot
B000XXGMRO love it These boots are great!  They are comfortable and have great quality.  They also have some style.  I have seen these boots in the stores for much more than I paid for them.
B000XXGMRO Great boots These boots are comfortable, soft, waterproof and flexible right out of the box. They look great and feel rock solid.
B000XXGMRO Great quality, still looks new after 5 mounth The great quality Timberland boots still looks as good as a new pair after 5 mounth,The quality is great
B000XXGMRO Great boots! Boots look great and are very comfortable. Wish they cost less but I will happily buy another pair when needed.
B000XXGMRO Good boots I am always an 11 had to get a 10.5. Look great and feel great. I would suggest these to anyone.
B000XXGMRO great boot Worn for about a week now, do a lot of walking and great boots. Durable and look good. A little larger than I expected but nothing that will cause blisters.
B000XXGMRO Great pair of boots!!!! These boots look great, feel great and are built sturdy as well.  I always love Timberlands because I am never disappointed in them.
B000XXGMRO Great! Looks great! Feels great! Extremely comfortable and somewhat waterproof as well! Got it for $75 so yeah it was a great buy!
B000XXGMRO Great Pair of Boots! These are an amazing pair of boots from Timberland, just as what you would expect from the boot company.  I have another pair of Chukkah boots from Timberland and love them, resulting in my purchase in these.  The Earthkeepers extremely stylish and can be worn with any style of pants from straight to boot cut jeans to khakis.  These boots are made with extremely high quality as well, with tough waterproof leather and great soles.  Even the shoelaces are sturdy!  I use these as a winter/cold weather boot for snow as they reach about 3-4 inches above my ankles, compared to the Chukkahs which end at the ankle, and they serve the purpose well!The only downside is the leather is a bit rough and will take some time to break in, about 4-5 wears for me, but they feel great once you do.  I also had the fear that the leather would get scuffed and scratched, but any minor scratches make the boots look much more vintage and worn in, a definite plus.Overall, I would recommend you buy these Earthkeepers if you are looking for a great pair of boots at an affordable price.  The quality and style make them an amazing value, and you can't go wrong with Timberlands.
B000XXGMRO Nice boots. Great boots. Haven't broken them in fully yet and they still feel great. I'm sure it will only get better.
B000XXGMRO Great boots I like these boots because they fit great and are very comfortable. I have trouble finding my size and my exact size was available.
B000XXGMRO Another great quality boot from Timberland I recently just purchased these boots for my son. He has several pairs of Tims and he really wanted this style. I have to say that the boot is really nice looking and the material quality couldn't be better. The size runs true to fit.These look great with jeans or any bootcut pant and Khaki and they  have a different style look than the usual heavier boots. lightweight!Very pleased with Amazon on the super fast shipping.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers Great shoe and looks great, the chicks dig it because they like a man in some boots. I rock these almost everyday now, since its raining everyday.
B0016JAJG4 Love these--don't hesitate! Quite simply, these shoes are great. They are handsome and the light color is great for hot weather. They even have a Smartwool foodbed liner. Everything about them is great quality. I would recommend them to anybody.
B0016ZP5TO Great Shoe I bought these shoes for my son for Christmas.They are great looking, comfortable and so fardurable.  Great look with jeans!
B001704YR2 Great looking and fitting shoes Great product. size fits as expected. Look great, feel great and very comfortable.  Wearing them often in wet, chilly European weather.
B001709TKE great the shoes met my expectation. they look great and there are very comfortable, a great buy for any woman.
B001760K56 Great boot Great quality, great price.  You won't be disappointed.  I was surprised at how great the quality is for the price.
B001760K56 Great boots I usually don't wear skirts, but I wear a lot of jeans and leggins, they look great. They have this motorcycle look, but if you wear something very feminine they look less tough. I'm very skinny and they fit perfectly. Recommend!
B001ABTE7S Great !!! Timeberland always has great products but these boots are outstanding. I will be wearing them during the rough winters in Misawa, Japan.......
B001EBA784 great boots Great boots feet feel great even after 10 hours.Just got them a couple of days ago. Third pair of timberlands!
B001EWFF30 good boots Great boot. Great fit and just what I was looking for the price range I wanted and very happy with the quality.
B001EWFF30 Great, comfortable boots These boots are great right out of the box.  Comfortable, light, durable, and they look great.  The eyelets are a little difficult when you tie them, but perhaps its just me.  Highly recommended.
B001EWFF30 Timberland Men's Boots I love them!! They are exactly WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR!! great PRICE AND COMFORTABLE BOOT. would DEFINETLY RECOMMEND TO FRIENDS AND FAMILY!!!
B001EWFF30 Great Boots These are great boots with a great fit. I have two pairs myself and I got this pair for my son.
B001FXZU92 Great boots!! Great experience purchasing these boots on Amazon.com - these are a very reliable pair of boots at a great price - I go through steel toed boots every few months or so and would purchase these again through Amazon
B001FXZU92 Fits like a glove Great quality leather just a great boot all around great laces great sole and great gresr grear grear gesdr yowza
B001FXZU92 Great Boots These boots were of great quality and endured harsh work and weather better than just about any boot I have ever bought.
B001FXZU92 Timberland 52562 Work Boot These boots are great. They fit well, excellent support. I purchased one size larger than I wear and they fit exactly. easy to lace up. feel great on your feet. This was a great purchase.
B001FXZU92 great snug fit and little to no breaking them in yet great snug fit and feet feel right at home. I went to wear them around at home before wearing them to work to break them in, but these boots need little to no breaking in. They are quite comfortable and soft. They have eyelets on top 2 lacings that have the option on actual holes or quick lacing, which is really great feature. Also, the pull loop on back of boot is larger than most boots I have seen which is great for my oversized fingers, really easy to pull on. The bottom of boot treads are big and the area in front of heel seems to fit perfectly for a ladder! On purpose? I dont care! So far, so good! Recommended!
B001FXZU92 Boots Love these boots. Great for work when you are on your feet all day. Very comfortable boots to wear. Great!!!
B001FXZU92 GREAT BOOTS As expected Timberland lived up to my expectations; Great boots, great fit. If there is a negative it's that the boots are heavy. But well worth the price.
B001FXZU92 Great Boots Timberland makes great boots. These are no different. Comfortable, durable and provides support for my 12 hour shifts. Recommend them to anyone.
B001FXZU92 great fit These are great light weight sturdy boots. I would recommend these boots to anyone looking for a good fit fight out of the box.
B001FXZU92 Old Red Wing fan. I have worn red wing boots for years, I thought I would try something new and so far these are great boots,very happy with them. The fit it great. We will see how they wear over the long term.
B001FXZU92 Great work boot.. They are very comfortable. I haven't worked in them yet, but these are my third pair and would expect the same great performance as before.
B001FYDVME great pair of boots I have always liked this brand...and this one does not fall short...it's comfortable and the price was right
B001G842T0 Great pair of boots. Timberland makes great boots. They are VERY comfortable, they look great and I have used them as workboots in a warehouse and the durability is second to none. Would recommend for recreational and work purposes.
B001JAHRL0 Great for the price!!! Great sunglasses for the price, the look good and elegant like raybans or another more expesive brand.. they are well built and came perfectly packed.. thanks!!
B001KOQ4EG GREAT SHOES Very comfortable, the perfect shoe for casual wear. Great price and quality made, highly encourage anyone to purchase a pair.
B001L1DBQC Theses boots are great for constructions Theses boots are great for constructions.The boots are comfortable.they supports your ankle very well.and the plated steel toe and bottom sole, makes it very protective and useful.the look of the boot itself is great, and I love the color and style.
B001L1DBQC Great boots I've had these boots going on 3 years now...working in construction, yard work and some "serious" atv off-roading. It's very comfortable, durable and offers great protection...and look great They're just starting to show signs of breaking down (opening at the front).  I will DEFINETLY be ordering another pair because they're well worth every penny.
B001L1G4B6 Excelent Boot to work and casual Wear I bought this for a friend and had a chance to wear it before he came by to pick it up. Looks very nice, has a metal tip and fits like a 10 due to the wide size.  Great buy for anyone looking for a great pair of boots
B001LI7HJC Great The boots came in on time. They fit great. This was a hassle free experience. I would buy from them again. The boots are very comfortable hope they hold up well.
B001PBK87I Great boots! They are great and fit my husband's very wide foot.  There was no break in time, as they were comfortable right away
B001PBK87I Great Pair of Boots Great pair of boots but just wasn't wide enough for my father who wears diabetic socks. My father was disappointed they didn't fit because he was so excited when they came.
B001PBK87I fantastic these boots are a great pair of boots fit great and wear very well I love them I will purchase again when needed and will recommend to others
B001SARJXC Great boots This is a great set of boots. Dressy and comfortable. They also wear great as well. Would recommend to anyone looking for casual or dress boots.
B001SARJXC Very comfortable. Fit great. Very comfortable. Can be worn casual or dress. Will probably order same boots in brown. Highly recommend them.
B001SARJXC Great Shoes, Timberland keeps its promise as always. I've been looking for a long time for some black boots that could be a perfect mix of good fashion and utility. I found myself pretty satisfied in purchasing this Timberland boots. They wear great, extremely comfortable, and look great as well, especially with jeans covering all the way to the anckle. The only thing I have to say, if you make a pretty wide and frequent use, they tend to get dirty or to get some signs of usage pretty quickly, although I am sure there are plenty of products out there to make them look as almost brand new. Definitively a good choice.Thanks Amazon!
B001SARJXC fit and finish the boots fit perfectly - the finish is very nice just as I wanted - break-in was great - made in Vietnam so still rates 5 starsif you have a high instep these will be the most comfortable boot you will ever wear - the soles are very forgiving on old feet tooI bought a pair at a consignment shop and have had them for about a year so I knew they would be great boots
B001SARJXC love this boots, I have 3 pairs different colors this boot are great, they go with everything, they are great for snow and rain, they are pratical, they are not that heavy, and clening them is so easy just water them and you are good to go, great boots
B001SARJXC Graet color and style The boots fit great.  A bit hard to get off but they look great!! Would recommend to another buyer without a doubt!
B001SARJXC Great looking boots I got these boots for my husband and he's been wearing them daily for the last two weeks... He says they are really comfortable and they look great with trousers and with jeans... packaging was very good too... I would recommend it!
B001SARJXC great shoe fits perfectly..great comfort and looks great w/ any type of style whether w/ jeans or slacks, i've had Timberland shoes in the past and again, a great product
B001SARJXC Great shoe Great show comfortable looks solid and is not overly heavy. The material used ia great and the sole seems to be high quality as well. Highly Recommended.
B001SARJXC Better than Galoshes - Great for winter I was looked for a more formal pair of winter boots. These boots are very comforatable and have a great non slid tread on the bottom. they look great with dress slacks or even a suit for those times when there's snow on the ground.
B001SARJXC Super comfy and sharp Great boot.  Felt like I was walking on air and I use these boots for all sorts of activity... look great with jeans, easy to get on and off and very comfortable... fit was just right.
B001U89OGM Must Have I just Received my Timberland Mount Holly Waterproof Fleece and they are FABULOUS.they fit Great and feels good on your feet.They look even nicer in person. I was so excited to receive them. I must say this is a great purchased I made. My fiance will not buy any other brand boots but Timberland NOW I SEE WHY. Thanks timberland for making such great quality products. Ladys you have a have a pair of these boots. I also like the light weight of these boots, they feel like you walking on water bare feet. THANKS AGAIN TIMBERLAND.  A HAPPY CUSTOMER FOR LIFE.
B001VNCKJ4 Beautiful Boots Great purchase.  I bought this for a 20 year old man and he loves them.  Fits great and looks good.
B001VNCKJ4 great fit and style true to size...looks and feels durable. very stylish and great with denim or khakis. looks so fashionably good that i want to get a black one for dark suits. great quality. kudos to Timberlands!
B001VNCKJ4 Nice boots! Nice boots. Fit as expected. Great looking. Great fit. Price was great too. Way less than retail. Came with the original box too.
B001VNCKJ4 GREAT BOOT (from a boot lover..) I own quite a few pairs of boots, and have been on the hunt for a couple of years for a pair that would be great indoors and out, at work, casual nights out and on the family farm.  Finally saw these, and decided to buy.-GREAT fit straight out of the box, already feels like I can wear them all day.-Order 1/2 size down.  I read this on other reviews, and they were right on.- Rugged, yet sophisticated.  Handsome boots.After trying TONS of boots out, I've finally found one I'm excited about.  Definitely recommend.
B001VNCKJ4 Very well done Great quality, great fit, great looks. Very comfortable and works either for casual or elegant. Ordered a second pair in black.
B00295RHV4 Great Boots These are some seriously solid work boots. They do a great job doing what they are supposed to do - protect your feet and still be comfortable. Highly recommend.
B00295RHV4 Great Boot!!! These boots are comfortable and fit perfectly!!  They are made well and are everything I expected and then some.  Great Price too! Worth every penny!
B0029XG3OS Great boot I have only had these boots a few weeks but so far they are great.  They are very sturdy and comfortable.  They are designed well and are easy to put on and take off. Great boot
B0029XG3OS Timberland Pro Endurance Boots - Black I love these boots.  I normally wear size 9.5 but I had to return them and order a size 10.  They run slightly small, but I exchanged them and love the new boots!!  They look great and feel great!!  Very comfortable and I've been down in Lake Havasu, AZ the past 10 days and they're still comfortable in this heat!!  Great boots and very, very comfortable.  Highly recommended!!!
B0029XG5YG Great boots Great work boots,all day comfort, tough design. Only thing I dislike it they are Made in China which I have had bad experiences with in past.
B002A7X2QU Great price and great fit These are perfect.  Enough room to put your pant leg in them. Great price to say the less.  All other retailers are selling for much more.
B002ASAJPG Great. It fits really great. I was worried of it trapping too much heat but they are just fine and comfortable!
B002ASAKN2 Great all around boots These have been some of the best boots i have owned. The have been great for me working construction, very durable, comfortable and lasting. Only downside is they are a little heavy with the flex plate in the sole, but that was one of the main reasons i got them because ive stepped on lot of nails, but not to bad. Overall great looking and overall boots.
B002ASAKN2 great boots great boot there's nothing more that needs to be said.... But its gonna make me type even more so here i go
B002ASAKN2 Great pair of boots They fit great out of the box. There was no typical break in like a usual new pair of boots.
B002ASAKN2 Great boots Great boots for the price my only complaint is that they are a little heavy but they are a very comfortable steal toe boot.
B002ASAKN2 Great product! Exactly as advertised. My fianc&eacute; loves them. They fit perfectly and are super comfy. He tried them out and they are waterproof and have a great traction. He would recommend them to anybody looking for a great pair of comfy work boots.
B002ASAMCG Great price..  No break in.... ready to work... love them !!! Fit the same, everytime we order them. Great fit and wear. Have a great warranty also. This is our 4 th pair through Amazon.
B002CVUSY8 Great walking boots This boot has fastly become my favorite pair of shoes to wear. They're comfortable and look great, especially with Jeans. I would recommend this product to anyone that love boots.
B002CVUSY8 good boots i really enjoy these boots, sizing is great color is great, looks are great.only bad thing is the back finger loops are weak.
B002NEGCC6 Great pair of shoes All the quality you would expect from Timberland at a fair price.  I am very pleased. They fit great and are comfortable to wear all day.
B002QVGQQS Great boots Great boot&#8230; Arrived in a timely fashion. Timberland is always great quality. these boots go great with everything they can be dressed up or down.
B002YOMJPY Great boots! My old Timberland boots finally worse out, so I bought these as a replacement. Fit great, and just what I needed to plow the driveway today.
B002YOMJPY Great Shoe What i was looking for, great wear and great fit. Why do i need ten more words i said it all
B002YOMJPY Great Boot! These boots are very comfortable  to work in! Great fit and at a great price, will definitely order these boots again.
B002YOMJPY Great for the price. I was surprised to get the for 60$ considering it is hard to find size 15 boots at all.  They fit well, are lightweight and thus far are comfortable.  I would recommend these to friends.
B002YOMJPY great boots great boots for the outside working man, comfortable, strong and sturdy,perfect for a young man who works on ladders and roofs
B002YOMJPY Great boots, great price! I've been wearing these boots for three months and they are fantastic. They show no signs of wear, are very comfortable and have given me no issues whatsoever.  If they ever wear out, I'll the buying another pair!
B002YOMJPY Great Boots, served me well in Chiberia My dress shoes were taking a pounding this winter in Chicago.  So I finally got over the look of wearing boots with my suit until I got the office in the city.  They are very warm, kept my suit pants clean being tucked in and still look great after surviving one of the worst winters Chicago has seen in a long time.  I highly recommend.  My only small complaint is the shoes laces have a hard time staying tied, but otherwise great!
B002YOMJPY Great boots These boots fit great, feel great, look pretty good, solid traction, and they were a great price.  Can't beat it, definitely recommend.
B002YOMJPY great look. They are very comfortable and they fit well. Great look with a good support I recommended these boots for work or everyday activities.
B002YOMJPY Boots great Fits great not heavy and the quality is great. The color is black not grayish black which is great. I would buy again in different. Colors
B002YOMJPY Great Timberlain boots! These are my 3rd pair of Timberland boots very happy with the way they fit.Great price on these timberlands thanks Amazon.
B002YOMJPY Good fit and quality for the price I work during the day as a fireman and, as a result, am on my feet a lot.  These Timberland Boots fit exceptionally well and are very comfortable.  I think they offer great value for the price and certainly would recommend them to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, well make boot.
B002YOMJPY MY TIMBERLANDS Shoes are great and they are very comfortable . The are all leather and true water proof . Great buy !!!!
B002YOMJPY great boots Surprisingly great pair of boots.. wasn't expecting much but the boots are so great that I wear them all the time!
B002YOMJPY Great boots, for great price I tested these boots before I reviewed them. I did a hike, and some areas nearly the whole boot was in water and still didn't feel any water seeping through.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots These boots fit well, are about as light as dress shoes or sneakers, while being supportive. Great price for Timberlands. Haven't had them long enough to comment on wear, but they are very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Great fit These shoes are light, soft, and very comfortable. Out of the box they fit just like I like and just felt really great. Took a chance on them and they did not disappoint.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot I have been using these shoes for work for over a week and they look and fit great. They are very comfortable and the quality of the shoe is what I expect from Timberland. I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
B002YOMJPY great boots Great price and the boots are of exceptional quality. They are waterproof and they can take a beating. As a bonus, they are confortable even if you walk for extended periods.
B002YOMJPY Waterproof boots The timberland boots fit just great.  They are very comfortable, easy to put on.  They also look great and are warm.
B002YOMJPY Great! Look great, fit great and all around nice looking boots. My son loves the way they look and fit perfect!
B002YOMJPY Great boots I had these same boots over 2 years ago and they were great! Very comfortable when you have to be on your feet all day, but they wore out so I got new ones
B002YOMJPY Good boots for the price I bought these boots for my brother and he said that they work great for him.  He works for someone digging and doing sprinkler installs, etc.  He said that they are working great for him so far.
B002YOMJPY love timberland Great boots. Well made and extremely light. They are comfortable and look good. I got them for a great price and would recommend these boots.
B002YOMJPY truely a great boot Very satisfied...with a brand like Timberland the quality was great, the style was great, very  comfortable (being that I stand the majority of my work day) the fit is good (once I exchange to larger size) but most of all Amazon had the best price.
B002YOMJPY Got what I asked for Received them very quickly, fit great, wear great, and hug the rough terrain without any problems - great buy.  Glad I found these and plan on getting one more pair to make sure  I have an extra pair of great great boots.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots These boots not only look great but are probably the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  5 stars all the way.
B002YOMJPY Great fit, very comfortable right out of the box Great fit, very comfortable right out of the box, and they are of good quality. You will be happy with these boots.
B002YOMJPY Great shoe My husband found these to be very comfortable .  He always thinks these are a great value. These are highly recommended
B002YOMJPY Great boots. So far they are great boots. I use them to work 10 to 12 shift almost standing or walking at all times, they felt as I didn't shoes. Very comfortable and great support on the ankles. No break-in needed.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots These boots are very comfortable and not stiff at all. They are waterproof which is great as well. Would definitely buy again.
B002YOMJPY Great boot. The boots fit like a glove, very comfortable and durable. Arrived on time just a few issues with an ice storm. But over all a super comfortable shoe. I highly recommend it, and i bought mine for 60; you couldn't beat the price either.
B0034G54BM great quality These boots are great quality.  They look a little like a biker boot.  They are great leather walking boots with a waffle rubber sole.  Strong zipper & in some place double & triple stitched.  The Interior is also nice.  They are built to last.
B0034G54BM Great fit I love them, nice fit and a great work tread.  I  would buy them again, my 15yr old daughter wears them too
B0034G54BM GREAT BOOTS! Got them for my wife in XMAS and she loved them!She actually like them so much that she wore them right away for a straight week!!Great quality leather!
B0034G54BM Great quality I freakin love these boots.  I bought them because I wanted a cute, trendy, goes-with-everything boot for a trip to Europe that was also comfortable enough for lots of walking.  I definitely bought the right boots.  Great quality, great looking, and really comfortable.  They also fit pretty close to true to size, maybe a little on the big side.  I sometimes fluctuate between sizes depending on the individual shoe though.  Would recommend these boots for anyone!
B0034G54BM Better than expected! Fit is right on with your size and they feel great on my feet. They look great too! I will be wearing these boots a lot!
B0034G54BM GREAT FOR WINTER AND STILL LOOKS CLASSY. LOVE THESE BOOTS, GREAT FOR WINTER . I GAVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE I WANTED IT TO BE KNEE HIGH. BEING THAT IM 5'11 , IT WASNT .
B0034G54BM Great! These are amazing! Great for cold, rainy weather. I bought a bigger size than what is listed as an equivalent to the European, and it worked out.
B0034G558E Great boots These boots are not only cool looking but they are so comfortable.  I have wide feet and they are perfect!  No real break-in  needed.  Look great with leggings or pants over them.  Lots of compliments too.
B0034G558E Great pair of boots These boots are smart looking and very comfortable. Very well made. Great to wear with slacks, long skirts or jeans. Love the details of lacing and a REAL buckle. Can't wait for fall to start sporting these. So glad I bought them.
B0034G558E Great looking boots! Comfortable and Fashionable! They look great with tucked in skinny jeans or tights.  I ordered a 7.5 and they are true to my size. You can't go wrong.
B0034G558E Great Boots Love them--look great and fit perfect.  The boots are very comfortable, roomy enough for thick socks.  These are getting compliments.
B0034G558E Great boots They are sized perfectly. Glad I bought the 8.5 ibstead of 9. They are very confortable and can be worn al day without any issues and I have gotten tons of compliments. Glad I founds these at such a great price.
B0034G558E FANTASTIC! I adore these boots! Fashionable, comfortable and reliable. They look great with skinny jeans, but can also put up with heavy construction work.Great buy!
B0034G558E Great Boots! Love the boots.  Wore them 2/3 days in a row after I got them!  Comfortable & they look great!  I recommend them :)
B0034G56L0 Great boots! I was looking for short boots that look great and feel comfortable-well these are the boots! Great rubber grip soles that do not detract from the look. The first 2 times I wore the boots, they rubbed the front of my leg a bit and it was irritating. But I put on knee socks instead of shorter socks and in less than a week the boots softened up and they are totally comfortable. I definitely recommend these boots. They have been great with all the snow storms we have had in New York this year.
B0034G5JUS great start... fits great, looks great, love the color and the fit.  Sad that the top seam of the boot is starting to unravel towards the end of the season, but such is life and nothing lasts forever.  I still plan on wearing these boots.
B0034G5KAC great! These boots are great for the price. They fit a bit tight on the inside top of my foot near my big toe knuckle. They are a bit tight on my calf but I think they will stretch.  These fit nicely with leggings and jeggings. They were comfy right out of the box. Great service from Amazon as usual. These boots look like high end boots for half the price! The color is a great deep brown. Happy overall!
B0034G5KAC Great boots I love these boots! They look great with jeans and leggings and fit great through the calf. I have had so many compliments on them.
B0034G5KAC Quick shipment These boots are a beautiful combination of suede and leather. They have a great non slip tread for icy conditions and are not too warm. They fit so well and I love the clasp on the top side. Great fit!
B0034XS2G4 Great shoes! Just Got My shoes!They feel great, look great.Very Comfortable, Makes my big feet look smaller...
B0034XS4OY Usual great Timberland fit I love the matte black finish, the aggressive bottom tread (great for winter), and these fit well.  My feet tend to run a little wider.
B0035LD2X8 Cool Chukka Comfortable, well-made, looks great with jeans or casual jacket, can be worn everyday all day, great price, nice design.  would recommend it to anyone.
B0037CW26I great Everything great with these shoes  ! I got it on time and it fit perfectly, so nothing to complaint about
B0038JCZ9Y Great Boots I love theses boots. They are comfortable and made with quality real leather. These are not your average fake leather boots! Price was great as well, I would purchase again.:)
B0038JD1UG Great Boots! Great boots!I bought these for my holiday trip to NY and not only are they warm, they are very comfortable. It was so easy getting them on and off as they have no laces. They also have a replaceable insole that's very easy to remove. These were just a great buy. I plan on getting a aother pair but different style. Can't go wrong witha pair of Timberlands!
B003A4T4A0 Great shoe Comfortable and stylish. Great buy!
B003A67X5G Great Boots Great boots for working or for even just putting on a pair of jeans and going out on the town
B003ARR3YQ Good work boots! They look great, fit great and are super comfortable! You won't go wrong with these boots--highly recommended!
B003AZZJYY great boots These are fantastic boots -- comfortable, waterproof, durable, but not heavy or clunky.  Great fit, but I do have narrow feet.
B003BLP2NA I love these boots! These boots are a great fit and seem to be highly overlooked. They feel great for both walking, being in the snow, hiking, or just to go with a great outfit. Great look and great feel! I named mine Gardner Great Boots!
B003BLP2NA Great kids' winter boots! I bought these for a 10 YO girl. She loves them and they are clearly unisex in style and color. They are warm, comfy, have excellent tread and the Timberland durability. Great boots at a great price. Would buy again. FYI the red is more red and less "orangey" than it looks in the photo.
B003BLP4EC Comfortable and smart They've been great! They're warm and sturdy and comfortable. They look great under jeans and with skirts.  Good value indeed.
B003ELOYEA Great Boot I really really like these boots.  I wouldn't say "love" because I have to get used to walking and driving in them.  They are a little heavy but very comfortable.  They are a great pair of winter boots!
B003EV5KB6 Great Quality My 3 years old girl love this boot. She actually asked me if she could sleep wearing it. She wants to wear all the time, so it must be very comfy.Look great, great quality, and feels great.You can't go wrong with it.
B003EV5KB6 wonderful boots These boots look great, they are warm and comfortable.  My four years old daughter loves them.  They fit well in size. Great purchase.
B003EV5KB6 great boots great comfortable boots that are casual enough for everyday wear, but can be dressed up with skirts and dresses.  Perfect for the middle schooler!
B003EV5L42 Adorable. Timberland is a great buy for the money.  So sure with long dresses too.  Our daughter had another pair like this & she wore them often.  They held up all winter just fine.  Great boots.
B003EV5LR4 Timberland Reveiw I bought these online for my son and they fit great and have been great to use for school and out in the snow.  The price was great also.
B003EV5QDS Great looking all pupose boot He wears them with jeans and all kinds of casual pants. Boots look great. Can be worn with all kinds of pants.
B003EV5QDS Great Boots They are very comfortable and they look great. Like some of the other reviewers mentioned, it is not Grey/Black, but more of a brown in front and gray/black at the top.
B003EYW87C Great, sturdy boots! My one year old son has gotten many compliments for these boots. They are very sturdy & fit him comfortably. Love Timberland products...great quality! A great buy!
B003NUQWY2 Great boots The boots were a great deal. Almost $40 cheaper than Dicks Sporting Goods.Look great and feel great.good quality material
B003NUQWY2 Great price for Timberlands. I was concerned about getting a pair of knock off Timberlands at the low price I paid fr these boots. Not knockoffs. This came as pictured in perfect condition and in its original box. Great value.
B003NUQWY2 Great Boots These are great mens work or fashion boots. Excellent price and fast shipping! Was very pleased with them, and I think my husband will love them.
B003NUQWY2 Love these boots! These are a great looking boot, well made, great fit and I got them at a great price through Amazon! My best deal this Christmas!
B003NUQWY2 Great! Very comfortable and look good too! Great color and style! I use these boots for hiking and they give me great ankle support!
B003NUQWY2 Boots are tough and great comfort The boots  are great very tough even for soft toe. These are slip resistant and long lasting, I have had these for about 6 months and still in great shape.
B003NUQYC2 Good Construction/Poor Heel Cushioning I ordered these boots because I had a previous pair of Timberland that worked out well. The construction of the boot is great and it has a great fit, but now I'm on Amazon looking for new insoles because the boots have almost no heel cushioning. Otherwise a great buy.
B003NUQYC2 Great boot Must say these boots are great and and fit like a broken in baseball glove I will recommend these boots comfort is great
B003NUQYC2 Great Multipurpose Boot I finally found a great replacement boot for multiple purposes.  Being a student on a limited budget, these boots are perfect.  I can wear them during lab work where steel toes are required, they are sporty and casual enough to wear out with jeans, they are dark enough to wear as safety shoes with my blue fire company uniform slacks, and also provide great traction for riding my motorcycle.  I can't speak to the durability as I've only had them a week, but absolutely great so far.
B003OBZSZO great shoe fit just as expected and the inside was so soft I love it it looks great with tucked in jeans
B003OBZSZO Great boots! I definitely love Timberland products. They always have great quality. The boots are very comfortable and warm. Great for winter and spring. The only thing that I do not like is the shoelace. It's a little bit hard for me to get it tight.
B003TFEA5O Don't Want To Take Them Off Love these boots, usually wear a 7 or 7.5, I ordered the 7.5 and they fit great. The boots feel great to the touch and they are very comfortable (even on the first day of wear).  High quality product, I always have been a fan of Timberland, and have yet to purchase anything until now.  Would highly recommend these. I ordered a pair of another VERY POPULAR HISTORIC brand of boots, and I know they were great but to me they were too hefty, I felt they didn't look stylish on me, BUT THESE DO.  Great buy, I know they will last forever and It will be awesome breaking them in!  Can't wait to wear them out tonight!!
B003TFEA5O More boot to boot Great fit, great look, great color. These are my first Timberlands and they feel like I'm walking on a cloud. I got them through zappos.com. Shipping time excellent, price even better.
B003VMWEAI great ones those are real good pair of timberland boat shoes at great price I'm enjoying now and great service by amazon on time for my birthday
B003XHH0W8 Great Boots I love these boots.  Only issue I had was they are snug to get on but the fit is great after they are on.  They are wearing very well and are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.
B003XHH0W8 Nice Boots This is exactly what I wanted: a comfortable shoe that looks great with Jeans. They are great in the cold weather and grip the icy sidewalk well. I might get another pair in a more polished brown, but these look good too,
B003XHH0W8 Love this boot I have purchased 5 pairs of these. They last about a year and fit great. It would be great if they had a rough leather finish as suede doesn't weather well in wet weather.
B003XT278S Great looking durable shoes Despite them fitting just a bit big they feel fine and look great. Great for everything from going out to have fun or going to a business meeting.
B0049N0O1Y Great boots, horrible zippers. These boots were great at first. They are extremely comfortable, water proof, great tread. The zippers are terrible. They are made of cheap plastic and they broke under light to normal use after only 2 months. Spend your money elsewhere.
B004C5QYLI Great Shoe. Great Buy. I received these boots yesterday, so I won't be able to give you an in-depth review. But from what they have shown and provided, they are very comfortable and studry. They appear to be very well built. I look forward to a long and comfortable life with this boot. For my first pair of modern Timberland's I am very pleased.
B004E14ZB6 Nice Looking Boots Great boots, my mom loved them for Christmas.  IT was just what she wanted and I'm glad I was able to get them at such a great price.
B004FHCKDE Great shoes for muddy weather This pair works great in the cold Russian winter) Great value for the reasonable price. No cons found during exploitation.
B004J2HSIC Great boots~~~ These boots are great. I broke them in on a 14 mile hike, and they were very comfortable right from the start!
B004J2HSIC great boots boots fit great. true to size. look excellent, warm, and water proof. used them to hike right out of the box. only slight issue is thelaces need to be a little longer. highly recommend.
B004J91V2O No flaws whatsoever. None. Timberland knows what they're about, and I can only speak for this shoe and another style of theirs I just bought, but they really make a great shoe. Great materials, great construction, great looks! You dont get the feeling from handling them and then trying them on that Timberland does whatever it takes to save money. They say 'quality' from every angle.
B004K22QM4 Great looking boots Boots came brand new in box without a single blemish.  These look great and i love the white soles, except that they get dirty fast.
B004K22QM4 GREAT SHOE AND GREAT PRICE I bought these shoes for my husband and he LOVED them.  Timberland has great quality products and Amazon has GREAT prices.  I would definitely purchase from Amazon again, they are one of the BEST.
B004K66PAE Love this boot! I absolutely love these boots. The heel height is perfect, just high enough to complete my outfit. They are a great fit and are pretty true to size. Quality of the boot is great and they are comfortable to wear all night out on your feet. Would definitely recommend these boots. I have them in black and am even thinking about purchasing them in brown too! GREAT BUY!
B004K66PAE Great boots!!!!! Great boots fit true to size.  Very comfortable.  I have them in black; artisan gold and taupe.  The brown and Burgundy are currently in my cart.  I can't decide which to get.
B004KQ0VXG Great Boots These are great boots! I was worried about the 3-inch heel but they are stable and sturdy. Boots look as great with jeans as they do with a dress!
B004KQ0VXG fantastic boots These boots look so great and are so comfortable! Despite a 3 inch heel, they are comfortable enough to walk around in all day and for long distances. They are telling the truth about their new technology in making these comfortable. Plus I've received so many compliments on them, because they are just so great looking. I have them in black and am considering getting the brown.
B004KQ4IWG Another Excellent Boot Perfect fit and style.  These boots are very comfortable and stylish.  Great value for the price.  They look great with jeans
B004L32PFU Great Pair of Boots These boots are great, and very comfortable to boot.....can't wait for inclement weather to really put them to water proof and warmth test. Good boot, great value.Brooklyn, NY
B004L36UN8 Great looking boots! Arrived when expected. The boots look great and I wear them often to work. They are stylish and comfortable. Very easy to break in!
B004L36WD6 Comfortable, decent boots for the great outdoors!-) Comfortable, decent boots for the great outdoors!-)...no waterproof lining, so must treat w/sno-seal or similar to keep out the wet...other than that, a great pair of boots to tromp around the back 40 in...!-)
B004L39PDK Handsome shoe These are great looking shoes.  They actually appear a little more "dressy" than the picture represents.  They look great with jeans or casual slacks.  The boots are well made and quite comfortable.
B004L8RJP6 love 'em! great boots and true to size! super comfortable and look great! hold up well under tough terrain and believe they will last a long time. have received numerous compliments on them.
B004L8TCPG Great traction These boots are very warm and have great traction. They were a bit difficult to get on/off at first, but it's getting easier.
B004LQL8M8 Great shoes, great service! I wore them all last summer. Second pair purchased sister at her request. They have a very comfortable shoe. They can be worn all day and not get tired. The leg looks very feminine. Great shoes, great service! Thank you!
B004NRUZQ0 Great for rain Great boot for the rain and goes with anything, dress up or down. I ordered the wheat but they sent the grey which I kept because it looks great with jeans. The toes could be a bit wider but the rest of the footbed was comfy and the whole boot is warm. Someone else mentioned it is a bit like a rainboot which I agree with, being from Seattle we have lots of wet weather.  I've been wearing them for a couple of months now and they are standing up great. I rated it a 4 instead of a 5 because of the narrow toes.
B004NRYKZC Great boots I love these boots. First they look so good on my legs. And they are very much comfortable, I wore it on 3rd week of march on kansas city. They are not only great for hiking, but also in the cities. They look great on shorts, they make legs look even more sexy and slender.
B004PNE720 Great Boots These boots are an excellent quality and a great price.  They fit perfectly and very comfy my husband tells me.
B004PPLZEG Great boots, great price The boots are very comfy and fit my wide foot well. I have not yet had the opportunity to test the water resistance but I am extremely satisfied so far.
B004Q01HZM Great look One of my best shoe everrr!! Great fit, great look, Smooth leather and love the Red/Brown color combination. Looks great with jeans and chinos. Got multiple compliments and happy to buy it.
B004Q01HZM Great! Great boot - this color is great, not as red as the picture shows.  Very comfortable - would recommend highly
B004Q01HZM Great Boots These boots run about a 1/2 size larger than regular shoes but they feel good and look great. Wear them to work every chance I get and have gotten several complements on them.
B004Q01HZM Great looking boots These boots look and feel great, my only complaint is that the shoe laces are thin and slippery making them more difficult to tie than other laces.
B004Q01HZM Great Quality I think these shoes are a great value. The quality of materials and workmanship is superior. The style works great from casual to semi-dressy needs. Initially, they were a bit tight but they are conforming nicely to my feet and I'm sure they will get better over time. And I expect them to last a long time.
B004Q01HZM Great deal! This is my first Timberland boots. They look like I expected. Now they're my favourite shoes. Great looking with jeans.
B004REL8TW great buy!!! I love this shoes they fit great look great and perfect for the cold weather.great buy can't complaint my daughter loves them.
B004RQ38B6 Great Shoe Very comfortable and great for a casual work environment.  Goes great with khakis.  Timberland makes great shoes.  They are very light, you will forget they are steel toed.
B004T0YVZ2 Great boots Great boots very happy I got this for my daughter she will use it all winter thanks again. I will buy this again
B004X4IFWY Great Pants These are very comfortable pants. My little one can play and move without feeling trapped on them.Great quality! I highly recommend it.
B004ZCEVP4 Great Looking boots These are great looking boots that fit perfectly, are very comfortable, and offer great support. Well worth the purchase price.
B0050CMMBS Great shirt I got the Bombay Orange and liked it so much that I ordered the shirt in blue as well.  It fits great, feels great and looks great.
B0052A79XY If You're a Firefighter you NEED a Pair of These!!! I'm a firefighter and wear these to work. They're great boots. They are very comfortable and look great with my uniform. I need to be able to kick my shoes off very fast in order to get my gear on quickly, but at the same time need to have proper support when responding on non-fire emergencies. When left unzipped I can still walk around the station and be able to kick them off in a hurry. When responding to a non-fire situation I simply zip the boots up and I have great stability and protection for lifting. It's like having an on/off switch for my boots. There are cheaper versions of similar boots out there, but they're cheaply made. This is a high quality Timberland product and it's worth spending a little extra for such a great pair of boots!!Pros:-extremely comfortable-provides great traction in rain/snow/dirt/mud etc-when zipped up you have excellent lateral movement protection and support-unzipped makes it easy to take on/off-breathable in the summer, warm in the winterCons:-can be a little difficult to shine-does not have a safety toe
B0054HM2UU Great boots Great boots at thE good price and they are so comfortable you can't even feel them when I'm at work and great traction
B0058RFVBI Great pair of mesh mary janes These are great.  I bought them to wear in Hawaii for two weeks.  They are wonderful.  Mesh keeps the feet cool and I even wore them in the water. (Just had to rinse them after).  Great shoes!
B005973ZWY Great Boot! ""Love the Boot" great style, and comfortable too. I've only worn them twice, but for 8+ hour days with a great deal of time on my feet. Also a great design, occasionally I have an issue with boots being too narrow for my calves, the laces allow for a perfect fit. I had been looking at them for quite some time and they have more than lived up to my expectations. Great price too!"
B005973ZWY MY NEWEST FAVORITE BOOT Absolutely love these great and sexy boots. Great quality.I wear them every time I go riding on the motorcycle.
B005A5YQ2S Great Shoe - Great Price! I have them on now......they feel Great!! Love to go for long walks. My last pair had a couple hundred miles on them until I started to see wear. Got the same pair....same color.....resume!
B005A5YQ2S Great lite weight boot I haven worn these boots twice and they are so lite and comfortable. These are a great boot and plan to buy more soon.  They seem to run true to size and look great.
B005A7SB5Y Great Love these shoes.  Very comfortable and rugged.  I would say they are true to size.  I had another timberland hiker and the sizing was the same. Made great and price was right.
B005APTZ4W Great boot These boots are great.  They are very comfortable and I get lots of complements when I wear them. I would recommend them highly because the more I wear them the more comfortable they get.  Very pleased.
B005APXVVU Great looking Oxfords Oxfords are very popular right now and these shoes are classic.  Shoes are a little more greenish brown than pictured but still more brown than anything and look great.  Lots of extra cushioning that also make these great if you happen to be on your feet for a long time.  I have a couple of different brown jeans that these look great with.  Got these at an unbelievable price from Amazon, almost half the price offered by anybody else, if you can find them.  Very highly recommended!
B005BWB2QI Quality and Value These look great on my husband. They're very good quality and the price is unbearable. I did order a size up as recommended and my husband agrees that was a good call. I recommend these as they look classy, great quality, great price.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoes The Timberland Boat Shoe is excellent all the way around.  Great quality.  Great fit.  Great comfort. Great price. I would definitely buy this again.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes! I chose 4 stars because the person I gave them to love them but doesn't really like the long laces, and those can be cut I suppose. Otherwise they fit him perfectly and look great! Great for casual and semi formal wearing, all the while being super comfortable. :)
B005BWB2QI Great Buy! The shoes came right on time and they look great. I actually even prefer them over my Sperry Top-Siders. I will definitely buy again from amazon, thanks again!
B005BWB2QI great fit These are a great fit and a great alternative to the more expensive sperrys.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoes fit perfectly to size.  They are substantial and very handsome.  Great boat shoe and can be worn with khakis and a blazer.  Highly recommend - great value!!!
B005BWB2QI Super fit, look, and feel. I had a pair of dark brown Clark's from 5 years ago that finally wore out. They were great and I spent 4 months trying to find a similar pair with no luck. I thought it was not going to work out when I stumbled upon these. With a short wide foot, it is not always easy to find a good fitting shoe. These fit perfect, look great, feel fantastic and the only minor complaint I have with these are they can make your feet smell. I wear many of my shoes without socks including a great pair of Rockports and these so far are the worst. I will use odor eaters or spray powder.All in all a great shoe at a great price!
B005BWB2QI Great shoes These shoes are great and I love Timberland. They are very comfortable and they look nice with a pair of jeans or khakis. They do run a little large like most Timberland products. I usually wear a size 13 but I ordered a size 12 and they fit great. The price was great compared to buying them from the Timberland website.
B005BWB2QI Perfect for that casual look If your shoe collection needs something stylish yet not formal, these are a great buy.  More elegant than sneakers or boots, but fit well with a slightly dressed down look.  Have had these for several months and they still look great.
B005ERZ6MQ Simply comfort fit As a Asian the size is simply prefect for me, is great for work and enough for me to walk around with great comfort.
B005ERZ6MQ Great buy!! I wore it the next day, pretty much as I expected from Timberland, great shoes. I have a like on Timberland on Facebook for obvious reasons,...would highly recommend this brand to everybody
B005ERZ6MQ Great semi casual shoe Fit was great. Support is great.  Bought it in both black and brown.  Thought I wouldn't find the comfort offered by their last model but these are close.
B005FHWT5C These Are Solid Great for outdoor play while keeping your little one's feet safe.  They are also quite tough to wear down so these are a really great buy.
B005FI1VE6 Look great/fit great Fantastic shoes for our 2 1/2 year old.  We often stop to comment how nice-looking they are.  He loves them and is very comfortable running around in them.  He is flat-footed and they seem to give him the support he needs.  Will be great for the back yard of the beach.
B005FI1VE6 A little larger than expected but still great The shoe is alittle loose around the ankle but my daughter has super skinny ankles so it may not be an issue with others but the quality is great, color is great and they are water proof (so far) which she loves.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes! These are great! After purchasing a lesser brand pair...and having the velcro wear out a month later, found these! My 5 y/o loves them, and since he insists on doing the straps repeatedly, I held my breath...but they wear as well now as when they first arrived. they spray off great w/ the garden hose and still look "new". I mean, he is an ACTIVE 5 y/o, but they look great. Will definitely be searching these out again for next summer, as I'm sure we'll need a bigger size. And he picked the color...so he's very happy!
B005FI1VE6 Great Great for outdoor play and very comfortable for my girl.The foot can breath and the price was really good too.I am happy with my buy.
B005FI1VE6 Great, Well-Made & Functional Shoes These are great shoes- we bought in multiple colors.  They are sturdy and offer great support for little walkers.  I love all of the extra attention to details, including the pad at the back of the heal.  Very high quality and a great value.
B005FI1VE6 Comfortable & durable. Very comfortable shoe for my almost 4 year old.  Would buy again.  Great color, great price, child loves them & easy to put on & take off.
B005FM5Q3O Great Shoe I ordered these shoes for my 3 year old grand daughter.  The size is true and they fit great.  She can put them on and off by herself.  Will recommend them to my friends.
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe Bought these for everyday shoes for my daughter and they are holding up great!  The price was great for the product received and easy for my 3 year old daughter to put on by herself.
B005FNS8EM Great boots Good quality boots for my 11 yr old.. was a little resistant about the color .. but they have held up well still look brand new.. great price .. shipped fast
B005I6RZXG great work shoe I love these shoes for my job that requires standing for long periods of time.  very comfortable...fit great...I would highly recommend them.
B005I6Z4JI great boots, great price. Great boots, great price.  Husband really likes them.  Says he still needs cushy insoles, but that's be expected from work boots.
B005I6Z4JI satisfied these boots are the most comfortable boots i have ever worn they took a few days for my feet to adjust to them but now they feel great i would commend these boots to any one that is looking for a great work boot
B005I6Z4JI great boot These boots are comfortable, not insulated so great for summer, and have already saved my toes a couple times. Very solid and should last a while, but I will be ordering them again when I need new ones.
B005J4C8Y8 Great Boots These are the most comfortable hiking boots I have ever put on my feet and they look great. If you're considering these, don't hesitate.
B005J4C9SI GREAT Boots arrived earlier than expected and the look and feel are great. The price was also a steal, thanks
B005LCQYYS Great Great & comfortable! I highly recommended them! I need another pair of timberlands! Colors? Summer is already here! Yuhu! :)
B005MI875U Look and feel great. This is my second pair of Timberland boots and I love them both. They fit great and look great. I bought this pair to wear to the office on jean Fridays. I wear them out to eat all the time.
B005MI875U Comfy and Fit as Expected These boots arrived timely and fit as expected. I wore them for the first time and they are very comfortable, even new. Great buy.
B005MI875U great have not wore a comfortable pair of shoes like this in a long time. worth every penny.  great great great
B006T307QE Seem like great quality, but stiff Out of the package these seem like great quality and are comfortable. They are pretty stiff, but I hope after a couple days they will break in.
B006T307QE Great Boot Very comfortable and warm.  A little on the heavy side, but not noticeable after a while.  And they look great IMHO, well worth the purchase price.  I would certainly buy them again when I wear out this pair.
B006T307QE Rugged, lightweight, comfortable great sole! When I first tried on my new pair of Hyperion boots I thought they might be a bit snug.  But after one day of wearing them they fit like a glove.  Extremely comfortable with an excellent sole/tread.  They're also a great looking boot.  Would definitely recommend then and buy again.
B006T307QE Great buy Best pair boots ever bought and got greAt deal highly recommend to all in construction work they fit great very comfortable !!!!!!
B006T32HGC Great boot! I wear my boots sometimes 10 hours a day and these work boots from Timberland give me the support and comfort I need. They fit and feel great. Good buy!
B006T32HGC Great boots. Sturdy, but light enough to be the perfect vineyard boot.  Have had great luck with Timberland boots in the past...these boots seem no different.
B006T32HSK great boot anf price These are great boots, no break in time, super comfortable. Best price on the net, I would definitely buy them again
B006T32HSK great boot Great boots awesome fit very durable nice traction insulated very well a little hard to slip on but overall a great buy price is up a bit but you get what you pay for with these
B006T32TKG Great Boots Great boots. A little tall and very warm. Dont know if ill be able to wear them in the summer? Super comfortable!!!!
B006T32WNK Great boots Fits great very comfortable to walk in. Quality is appears to be good. Better than the wolverines they are replacing.
B006ZGV9LM Great boots, just didn't work for us Great boots, just too small in the opening. Should have measure before we got disappointed. Did some shopping around and found the right ones. Timberlands are the best boot
B006ZGV9LM great looking, great fitting boots! These are lovely boots--comfortable yet kickass. The leather is soft and stainable but they are well-balanced and wide enough even for duck-footed people like me. Great details make this book well worth the full price so it's that much sweeter to find them significantly reduced.
B006ZGZ9RM Great boots They are amazing!! Love the way the fit and they look great. The material is soft and very well made
B006ZGZ9RM LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!!!! I'm so glad I got them, in fact I think I'm going to get them in black too. They fit great, and the heel is not so high that I can't be comfortable all day. I have had a lot of complements, and who doesn't like that. Great find!
B006ZIGRXA Wonderful pair of boots I absolutely love these boots. I ordered my usual size and they fit great. They broke in the first time I wore them around the house for awhile.  These are great for work or pleasure.
B006ZIGS34 Great Boot! Looks and fits great! Comfortable to walking in, no breaking in required. True to size. Shipped on time without any problems.
B006ZIGS34 Great boot! I love these boots! Very good looking and fit great. We haven't had wet weather yet so I can't tell if they are really waterproof.
B006ZIT6QA Great boots, true to size They arrived this morning and I must say I am thrilled.  These boots seem to be very well constructed and are completely true to size for me -- in fact there is room enough for thick winter socks for sure.  They look great and amazingly felt "broken-in" from the moment I put them on.  Thank you Amazon for another great offering at a great price.
B006ZJ2JM2 Great hiking boots The last time I ordered hiking boots, they were too big and bulky.  These are perfect.  They fit and weren't too bulky.  Just great for hiking and after a few months of hiking, they still look like new.
B006ZTTV1O great boots They fit great and are sturdy and warm. Easy to put on and just stylish enough. Solid sole and stitching.
B006ZTTV1O Great Boots I normally wear a size 10 shoe and I ordered the 10m. These fit me perfectly. This was a 1st time on-line foot wear purchase for me and I am very pleased. These boots are very well crafted and extremely comfortable. The price from Amazon was also great.
B006ZTTX44 Not a bad shoe Not a fan of the cable shoestrings, otherwise great fit and great look with jeans. True to size as far as fit.
B006ZVT856 Great Boots!!! Got my boots sooner than expected, been using them for camping and hiking...and it feels great. Almost no break in period, no tenderness or irritation at all. If your a semi outdoors men or just want some working boot this is it.
B0070SI95I Great boot! Comfortable right out of the box! These boots run about a half size large (for me anyway) and if you get a chance to try to them on, I'd do that to figure out the right size. Great quality leather and a very comfortable soul. They do need some breaking in around the ankles, but not much more than that. Great casual boot.
B0070SJEDY Great boot Stylish boot. Fits great. True to size. Would recommend to others. Color is more chestnut than red brown. Great price
B00711TQNS boots They are my daughter's new favorites!!! They are great, they fit like a charm. They are just like the picture, great quality.
B0071DQTAO Great Shoes! These shoes are great, ordered them because women's hiking boots are always pink for some reason.  They fit wonderfully and kept my feet feeling great (and dry!) after a 5 hour hike!
B0072AE45S Great boots, a worthy buy These are possibly the most comfortable pair of boots I have ever owned!  They look great, too.  The only downside is you'll have to waterproof them, but it's not a big deal.
B00777OUQY Great Boot These look great, feel comfortable and rugged at the same time.  I have a narrow foot and I probably could have used a wide instead of the medium.  They can be worn all day out the box.  Once I wear them a while, the snugness will probably go away.  This was a great buy for $79.00.
B007782V1O Favorite Pair of Boots! These are the most comfortable boots I own, and are great for everyday adventures as well as the most spectacular sort. They've held up well even for hiking and have great traction. The craftsmanship also seems pretty solid.
B007782V1O great for hikers These are great for hiking & roughing it in style. Definitely  planning to  buy another pair again but next time the cool Olive ones.
B007784JI2 Great!! Received boots for Christmas and was concerned about the size. The boot fit perfect. Sizing is true. Boots very comfortable and look great. Would highly recommend them.
B007784JI2 Great Boots! They are very comfortable and light. And they are a great alternative to timberlands more popular line that cost $150.
B007784JI2 Great boot! Had this pair of boots for 2 days now and love them! Very waterproof, used them to ride my motorcycle in the rain to work. Bottom looks like it will be great for hiking which will be the main use for them. Very comfortable. I wear a US11 men's and ordered the 11 and they fit great. A little extra room in the toes. Order a half size down if you want them to be snug. I will probably put insoles in them anyway so the extra space doesn't hurt. Overall, greta quality, great buy!
B007784WSO Great choice! What I was looking for, great wear and great fit.Would recommend this product to future buyers, well made and priced right for this item.
B007784WSO Great buy! These boots are warm and waterproof.  And only around $80.  Great buy.  I would definitely recommend these boots to others.
B0077SY810 Tight on top of foot. The boots look great but are way too tight around the foot, yet long enough lengthwise. Great for people with very slender feet.
B007EFDTSY Great fit! Received my boots the day after I ordered. They fit very well and are extremely comfortable. I would highly recommend.
B007G4VKJS Looks Great This was purchased as a Father's Day present. He loves it! It has a sleek look that looks great with jeans or dress pants.
B007TGA2JM Beautiful boots! These are great boots at a great price. I did end up returning them because they look more burgundy in the picture, and are closer to a deep burnt orange, which is a color I already have and wear all the time.  Timberline makes great shoes.
B0080CACCG Great quality Great quality for a few buck, look no further , they are right here for you , grab em  enjoy comfort.
B008B5XICS After one trip... ...So far I love it.  It's a great looking piece of luggage and has some great features.I really like the strap that comes out of the largest front pocket and clips to the loop above the Timberland logo. You can't see it in the photo but it's great. You could attach it to another bag if you want, but I'm going to use it to hold a neck pillow.It appears to be made with great quality. Time will tell.Out of the box: I'd recommend it~ Update ~After one trip, I love it. It still looks great, it rolls well, and holds more than it looks like it should.
B008B5XIEG Timberland Suitcase Well built with hight quality materials, also very light.  It have a great space distribution. My fins fit in it! Great price too!
B008M27754 Great comfort Fits great and very comfortable and stylish. Last long . No more irritation and Cool. Thank you. Wow Love it.
B008M2OCP2 Great shoe at a great price I needed some casual black shoes to wear with jeans or with casual dress pants to work and these have worked perfectly.  They are light and comfy.
B008MHR6D2 Great deal for the price These shoes fit my son beautifully and they were a fabulous price. Overall great deal for such a well made boat shoe
B008N6YJKA My new favorites! Look great with skirts or cuffed skinny jeans. Have gotten a ton of compliments. Plus extremely comfortable and great quality. I highly recommend them!
B008N6YRCK Looks Great but... Its comfortable at first but if worn too long it starts cutting off your big toe but it looks great while its doing it :).
B008URDT4Y Perfect boots! Great boots we love them! Great quality and fit. My daughter wears them every day! Great price on Timberland Boots!
B008UTADGY LOVE them! These are the cutest shoes for little boys! Great quality and fit great. Would definitely recommend them to anyone who loves this style shoe
B008VD3M4E timberland boots really like boots nice fit,great price,shipped fast,would recommend,would buy again,really great,got a pair because my daugther ordered pair really love
B008VPU0GK Great boots Not only are they of good quality but fit perfectly and are comfortable from day one.  Great boots, I highly recommend them, in fact my husband ordered 2 pair.
B008VPU0GK Great but Pros:Fit, style, comfortCons:A little more expensive than expectedWarm - Definitely not a summer time bootOver All:Great buy!
B008VPU0GK Great boots These boots are great and very well made.  The finish on them is top notch and I think they will last for a while to come.
B008VPU0GK Great hiking boots It's great for hiking, well built boots, light, comfortable and best of all, lowest price in the market on Amazon.
B008VPU0GK All around good boot. Great style, great fit, great price! Got these boots for winters in NYC. They look great and are very comfortable to wear.
B008VT2GNG Great shoe These are great shoes. They look great but they are really comfortable. They dont feel so much like a high heel.
B008ZBP506 Looks Great, Feels Great This shoes are a great price for what you're getting.  They are extremely comfortable and I have gotten a lot of compliments on them.  They look like boat shoes, but do not let that fool you into thinking they are waterproof.  My one complaint is that the layer of fabric on top of the insole came unglued.  It kept bunching up so I had to rip it out, and the bare foam insole does not feel as great on your bare feet as the layer of fabric did.
B008ZBPGFU Great shoe These are great. I can go from laying around in the house to walking outside in them. Color is great (dark brown), support is great. A little pricey but made very well so I expect I'll be getting a lot of wear out of them.
B008ZBPGFU Great buy the Quality and price are wonderful. It fits as they said the size is good. and the style is great.
B0098X5DAM great for work and all around casual. Fit great...look a little bulky but it is a clog.You can expect that. great for work and all around casual.
B009R8KH18 Feels great on my feet. Really great shoe insoles.  I wish they were a little cheaper.  I use them for my walking sneakers and they feel great.
B009R9EJ3E Great They make all the difference in the world, makes good shoes great. Would definitely recommend them, a bit on expensive side, but in long run worth it.
B009R9EJ3E Great insoles Bought these to replace the original insoles in a pair of under armour boots and they fit great!they make those great boots feel like awesome boots!
B009RPNCMM Great Deal. This design is being discontinued thus the price was great. I know my size in the Timberland boot/shoe line and they are consistent. The boot fits great, is light weight and comfortable. I have about 5 pair of Timberland hiking boots. They are all comfortable, I like the styles and can be bought very reasonably with a little shopping around.Another great transaction.
B00AAPHB2U Great Product and Price These are great shoes at a great price.  They fit exactly as expected.  Second pair I purchased.  The first lasted three years of Monday - Friday wear.
B00AQLQ05W Great Purchase! Love this boot. Order 1/2 size up. I always order Timberland boots for myself and my family. Great look and quality.
B00AQMB9O8 great boot great boots for my kids they love them they use them for school good price well made great style would buy again
B00AQMB9O8 Great Great quality and a great fit. My niece loves them. There is nothing better in life then making kids happy.
B00AW7M97S bought these for my daughter I bought these for my daughter and she loves them, as do all her friends. They fit great and I know they will last her for a long time, because Timberland has great quality. We are both happy with these boots.
B00AW7M97S Love them! These are great boots.. They look great, they feel great.  They are well made and have very comfy insoles.  Very quickly becoming faves!
B00AW7M97S GOOD BOOTS! My wife loves them. She red the reviews like she normally does and found out what size she needed and wow great fit, comfortable, and they look great on her!
B00AW7M97S Great boots for fashion and durability Great boot that comes up higher on the calf. It fits well and is really stylish. Just what I was looking for...
B00AW7M97S A great boot! Love them! I wear a lighter sock and fit good. People actually tell me they are great looking boots! My friend is ordering a pair!
B00AW7M97S Great boots!! Great boots!! Love them!!  Exactly as advertised and cheaper than the Timberland catalogue. I would highly recommend them to anyone.
B00AW7RBGC Great Love them!  I had been looking a long time for boots like these. Easy to slip on and great looking. So comfortable that two days after purchasing, I wore them on a long international trip with lots of walking.
B00AW8HF9Y Great quality Takes a couple times of wearing them to break them in, yes they are stiff in the ankle and very fitting shaft.  BUT they are a GREAT boot!  Very versatile.
B00AW8HF9Y Great boots They are perfect with my skinny jeans.  I will be wearing these boots every chance this winter.  The color and fit are great.Love them
B00AW8J5RE Sweet! These boots are SWEET! Timberland makes a great boot. I own 3 pair! Great leather, great style. I swear by them!!!
B00AW8JG9G These Boots Are Made for Walkin' Not being a boot person I decided to throw caution to the wind and buy a pair. These are stylin' boots and they are look great and feel great. Being a foot challenged person I have not been able to slide my feet into anything that feels this good as these boots. But I did have one of the boots stretched just a bit (only because of ankle surgery). I love them, they break in great. I wore them to work soon after I got these and no blisters. Have received a lot of compliments on these. I would definetly buy other shoes from Timberland
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot Really nice boot that is great quality! Ordered a size 11 and they fit perfectly! People have been commenting that they look like Frye boots - so for the price and style you can't beat it!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! Great boots, look good, well made, durable!! This is my 3rd pair of timberland boots always get compliments on them.
B00AW8JG9G Great boot Good construction, real leather and great price. I know I will have these for years to come. This style is always in style
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! They're great! Fit well, good color and seem water proof! They don't have great traction however. Otherwise I love them!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! Absolutely love these boots! Great, comfy fit and stylish. They seem to be very well made. It would have been nice to see they were made in the USA, alas, they aren't.
B00AW8JG9G great boots have been looking for boots for a while and these are great. Not too fussy, but not too casual, either.
B00AW8JG9G They look great and are comfortable. Love these boots. They look great and were comfortable to walk in from the start--they didn't need to get broken in first. They fit just right--the size didn't seem to run large or small. Very pleased with the purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Great quality boots I love these boots. I have not worn them yet but they seem very comfortable and are very attractive. I usually wear a 7.5 or 8 so I got both.The 8 fit me much better so I am keeping those. Great price for these boots! I saw them online and in a department store for almost twice the price.
B00AW8JG9G Can't go wrong with Timberland Boots This is my 3rd pair of Timberland Boots in the past 3 years. Great quality and great price. Very comfortable and durable.
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! Love my boots! They feel great and they look great! I got a ton of compliments on them. I especially love the width adjustment at the top. I didn't think it was that big of deal but it's a nice feature. The color is great, they are less redish than they look in the picture which is great for me. Overall I'm very happy with my boots!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots Great quality and comfort for the price.  Wore them for hours the day before running a marathon and no issues
B00AW8JG9G Super boot for short women Order came in fast, have been looking for a great pair of black boots for a great price these made the cut! Couldn't be happier. Great purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Great Compliments! Received great compliments on these boots! The size 8.5 was exactly as expected, and the calf has a button adjustment which is great for leggings to tucking in pants .... this was a pleasant surprise upon receiving the boots. I would recommend the boots for quality and comfort.
B00AW8K0WI great pair of boots I love them. great fit. They are true to size and beautiful.very good quality. I would recommend these to anyone.
B00AZPO1BY quality Fits great, feels great, seems great
B00AZPO90W Great boots Love these dark brown timberland boots (paid $123!).  Nice and light and go great with jeans.I got a 9.5 M which fit great and in comparison: I wear a 9.5/10 in most other oxfords, etc.  A 9 with a lot of slip-ons, and then a 10.5 in most running shoes(Adidas/Nike).  Hopefully that helps a bit.
B00AZPO90W great quality terrific style and construction- runs slightly bigger than size but not a big set back.especially if wearing a slightly thicker sock. looks great with any pants-cords,denims,khakis. overall a really great value
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes Been wearing them since I got them. Always been a boot guy until I got these for a more casual shoe with my business casual wear, they are comfortable, durable and look great.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great Boots! These boots are great! I waited about a month to write this review because I wanted to wait and see how these boots end up in the winter. So far so good. I have no complaints, these boots fit right, they keep my feet warm and they go fight through every season of weather! Plus, they look great!
B00AZPQV6C great boots I've been wearing the boots now for a week and they are better then I expected they are also very water proof  overall its a great boot
B00AZPQV6C Great Black Boots I love these boots. They are not clunky and have a formal look and in the frigid Maine winter I could wear them to work whenever I needed to wear black footwear. They are extremely comfortable. The material is also of great quality. I would highly recommend them.
B00AZPQV6C Looks Great - Very Comfortable Received these boots as a Christmas gift and they are great. Wore them and entire day and they were just as comfortable as a pair of tennis shoes. Very light boot, you do not feel like you are wearing a shoe this large.They get a bit narrow around the toes, so adjust your size as needed, but the 11.5 fit as I expected it would.These boots look very sharp. I've gotten a lot of compliments already. The pair I received are a good bit darker than the boot pictured (the brown), but still a great color.I looked for a pair of boots for a very, very long time before I decided on these and I am extremely satisfied (which is saying a lot because I was pretty picky as to what I wanted).Would definitely recommend to anyone. I plan on wearing these often and for a long time.
B00AZPQV6C Great! Its great! it is exactly how I was expecting and is really good quality. I like it a lot. Recommended
B00AZPQV6C Great boot! I love these boots.  They do run a tad large.  They look great, and I can say I have never had such a comfortable pair of boots before.  I'm very satisfied with this purchase so far.
B00B7FIZ2C Great looking, all day comfort These are great boots! They are a tad on the heavy side, so expect that, however they exude high quality and attention to detail. Worth the price of admission if you're on your feet a lot.
B00B7H7M4C Great Shoes These are really great and comfortable shoes.  They look great and feel great.  I put them on the day they came and just wore them all day, comfortable from day one.
B00B822FHK Love it Great comfortable shoes. Great for walking, well made and fit good, however I hve long toe, I exchange with 1/2 size bigger I highly recommend it.
B00B822FHK Hubby Loves These are great and just what he needed to replace the ones falling apart.  The shoes run a bit big I purchased a 10.5, so I should have purchased the 10s.  They look great with his Dockers and Jeans.  He has a business casual office.  Great shoe, won't be disappointed.
B00B823WE0 Great looking shoe These shoes look fantastic, and fit outrageously well. I usually wear a size 11, and I have wider feet with low arches.  These fit well, and the finish is great!
B00B82674M great item !!!!!! very comfortable and stylish !!!!! exceptional quality at a great price !!!! show more shoes of this magnitude  !tripple AAA !!!!!
B00B9PA37A Great Boots These boots are great, though they fit a little narrow. The leather is thick, waterproof and they have great traction on ice making for an excellent winter boot.
B00B9PADWA Great pair of boots These are a great pair of boots. I couldn't be happier with how they fit, feel and their quality. Would purchase again.
B00B9PADWA Great casual fall/winter shoe/boot. I really like these.  Fit great in EE width for me.  They have that really nice, oiled finish.  Great with jeans, as they're a little casual.  I might even see about getting the black.
B00B9PADZ2 Great boots Good fit and workmanship. Classic and very hip styling. Great boot for the price.Includes two sets of laces-one red, which looks great on the boots.
B00B9PADZ2 great boots I'm very satisfied with this purchase. These boots are handsome well made and comfortable to wear. Plus, I got them for a great price with a promotional discount.
B00B9PADZ2 Great boot Timberland has once again exceeded my expectation. The boot fit as expected, it's durable, looks great and feels great on the feet.
B00B9PIUS4 Great Boots!! Better than I expected!!! Fit & feel great! I am ordering another pair in a different color as well. Well worth the money!
B00B9PJBDC Great pair of boots I have several other pairs of Timberland boots. These are extremely comfortable and look great for work or casual wear
B00B9PM56C Great Boot !! The Boots fit great are warm and have great traction. I'm sure they will make winter a little easier to deal with.
B00B9Q3EX4 Great boots Slightly narrower than all the other Timberland boots I own and I own a lot. Great light boot. Waterproof but not made for the cold.
B00B9TTI40 Great boots! I've had 5 pairs of Timberland boots and I always come back because they're made of great quality materials and last are durable footwear.I'm sure I'll be getting another pair in the future.
B00BB7BX66 Great boots! These boots are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. It was really worth buying them and it was at a great price.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots Very warm and cozy, comfortable boots... they look great and feel great! I would recommend them to anybody. I ordered half a size bigger and they fit well
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots for everywhere! Love this boots!! Fit perfectly, great on all kind of weathers. It works great. Warm cozy and cute. I got a lot of compliments.It goes along well with all types of outfits, work play etc.
B00BCJW34Y great boot & comfortable!  get these boots! Great great steel toe work boot! A little snug at first but after one day of wearing,  they fit like a glove.  Great support & comfort fit! Highly recommend
B00BCJXLHW Great boots - colour wasn't what I expected. Great boots but for some reason when I selected the dark brown Amazon showed me a lighter brown. I think it's the taupe that it was showing me so I expected a much lighter colour. That glitch appears to be fixed now. Otherwise the boots are very comfortable and warm with great grip.
B00BCJXLHW great shoes i recommend this boots to everyone. It look fantastic! Very comfortable and warm. I can wear it in difficult ways and it looks great. I wear 7 and it fits great!
B00BCJXLHW Great Boots These fit great, look great, and feel like house shoes.  They have held up well through the Maine winter, and clean up better than I would have expected.  Very pleased.
B00BCJXLHW Nice heavy boots without being too heavy Great looking boot laced up or folded down.  The leather is of good quality and the sole is solid and great for winter in the midwest.
B00BCJXLHW Great Look I love the way they look - but they're a little heavy.  The color is great and they're fairly comfortable.
B00BCJXLHW great slipons Love being able to just slip on these warm boots....they have a great tread so you won't be slipping and if you prefer you can lace them all the way up for a different look!
B00BF9PSUC Great look I Love timberland products. Great shoe for work! Not one of those shoes that will wear and tear in a day , very durable ; great fit
B00DYQRLGS I finally found a great sandle to wear to work I have a hard time finding comfortable shoes, these are comfortable and adorable.  I received a ton of compliments. Great fit!
B00E41UQBE feels great on my feet Love  them fits great no problems would recommend to anyone. Looks great in blue jeans  they are authentic timberland boots for a great price just ordered another pair different color
B00ECS3CDS Great shoe, great price Great shoe, great price, just what I wanted but the narrow fit would not work, so they had to be returned .
B00EHHKWMS Appearance is great! A little tight, hoping they stretch some with wear. Appearance is great!
B00EYRBZ1S Great It's hard to find a good pair of boots around here these go great with jeans comfortable sturdy and look great.
B00FPNX1IU GREAT I love these boots.  So comfy!!  Great price and value.  It took me forever to find good winter boots, and now I will have a great pair of boots for the next several years.
B00H46N3TI These are great These fit great, look great, and are exactly what I needed. The rubber logo on the bottom is a little awkward at first, but I think it does help keep keep the socks on in your shoes and the silicone grip in the heel is super grippy. I just ordered more actually.
