B00009WM7J My daughter loves these it is for my 15 year old daughter and she loves them. Also amazon as usually did a bang up job getting them to her in a timely fashion.
B00009WMIH Husband Approved My husband loved the boots! I got him these for Christmas and he hasn't really worn them yet because the weather hasn't been great where we live. He doesn't want to ruin them in snow and rain. (lol).
B0000AT8CK Loves it ;-) My daughter loves it  and they are very much in trend in her shcool  ;-) Best regards from  us in Iceland
B0000DFAXV Love them I bought these for my Mom for Christmas.  She raves about them all the time.  She loves how comfortable they are and they last forever.
B000AKVA6I Great boots I bought these for my husband for Christmas, he loves them. He loves that they have good arch support, so he can wear them all day without making his feet hurt.
B000AKVA6I Perfect Fit for my Husband According to my husband they are very comfortable and durable, the fit was perfect. We will definitely buy again, worth every penny spent.
B000AKVBCQ Great Product My husband loves these shoes! He wears them every day to work in and they are comfortable for steel toes
B000AKVBFI Awesome boots My husband got these boots and loves them well made great quality comfortable they fit true to size would recommend to anyone who spends a lot of time outdoors
B000B2G1MI My daughter loves them! My daughter loves her new boots. We bought them a bit large for growing room. These Timberlands seem pretty well made, but we'll put them to the test.
B000BB15ZC Comfortable Boots Purchased theses for my husband and he loves them!! They look great with jeans and fit perfectly. Glad I found these.
B000BB15ZC A repeat customer! I have bought these for my husband for the last 3 years in a row!  He wears them out (literally) and he loves them so much he doesn't want to change or even try another boot!  He wears these daily for work, and for recreational and while he hunts!  I am shocked at how good they stand up to his wear and tear throughout and can't believe they last a whole year!  He said there is not another comfortable boot out there as these are!
B000BB15ZC Timberlands...great choice Gave these to my husband,who is a mechanic and on his feet all day. He loves them. Best present ever.
B000BB15ZC My husband purchased these for his security job. Where he does an ample amount of walking.  He replaced the boots his work provided him with these and his feet are in much better condition.  Thank you Timberland for making such a high quality boot!
B000BB15ZC great shoes! My husband loves these boots. They slip on easy (due to the gortex liner) and are lightweight and flexible. He wears a 14W and they are, indeed, wide enough. Great product.
B000BB15ZC Perfect lightweight boots My husband is a letter carrier and he wears these walking 10 miles a day in the winter. He loves them.
B000BB15ZC perfect This was a birthday gift for my husband. He loves it and I'm glad I got it for him to replace the old timberlands he had.
B000BFIHVS Nice boots. I bought these for my husband. He says the boots are comfortable and true to size.  He wears them to work and I may buy him another pair for everyday use.
B000BFIHVS GREAT BOOTS Husband said they were very comfortable straight out of the box- no break-in time required~! Wore them hiking the next day with no problems!
B000BFIHVS Great deal! My husband said they were very comfortable, although he wished they were steel toed, but other than that a great deal. Especially for Tim's.
B000BFIHVS Husband loves these boots for work............. My husband had me find these boots for him after searching and searching other websites and specifically a website that he had always bought boots from before.  These were a better bargain and he wears them for work everyday with great comfort and durability.  We'll order them again when needed.  They are well made and worth the time it took to seek them out from Amazon.
B000BFIHVS Great work boots My husband loves these Timberland boots and always wears them for work. They aren't your typical construction boot, but he wears them because they are so comfortable and he is on his feet all day. He had one manufacturers defect in these boots and Timberland had wonderful customer service regarding is issue. Great sturdy, comfortable boot for the price.
B000BFIHVS Great boots My husband loves these, comfortable all day boot. Waterproof, and even good for colder weather when not out in snow all day, just need to get through it.
B000BFIHVS My husbands favorite boot! My husband has worn these for years.  He loves them and they last him almost a year. He wears them everyday to work and walks non stop delivering packages.  Great non- steel towed boot.
B000BFIHVS Fantastic Boots!!! These boots were a late Christmas gift, and my husband loves them. Really a wonderful pair of boots. Really nicely made and comfortable to wear.  He loves them ....AA+++
B000BFIHVS Hubby;s boots!!! Got hubby and son boots for Christmas and these were for the husband.  He does alot of walking at work and at home in the yard and he says these are comfortable.  Fast shipping!!!!!!!!!
B000BFIHVS My husband is on his 5th pair We can no longer find these where we live, so I was very excited to find these at what I consider to be a very reasonable price for this product. The price we paid was actually less than we had been paying locally by a bit. I bought two pairs. I'm so glad someone is still selling these.My husband wears these to work most days. His steel toes are in his desk drawer. These boots have held up to this level of wear. Even after being worn down quite a bit, they make great yard shoes. Where the uppers of most other sneakers and boots would be falling apart by the time the soles are well worn, these are not. My husband wears out the internal support and soles before these boots even attempt to fall apart on top. These normally last him almost a year of workweek plus some weekend wear.
B000BFIHVS ~TIMBERLAND LIVES UP TO THE NAME~ Thanks so much Amazon and your Customer Service for these great pair of Timberland Men's Boots.They are everything I expected.These boots are well made, true to size, reasonably priced and my husband loves them.His early Christmas present&#9786;Don't hesitate to purchase these boots, You won't go wrong.Hope this review was of help to you. ~
B000BFIHVS Great birthday present My husband wished I would of bought more! Light and comfy work boots! Would of bought more if would of known:)
B000BFIHVS Husband likes them. Got a great deal on these from Amazon.  Husband says they are comfortable.  Bought 2 pair, one for work and one for play.  Holding up well after a month of winter weather and outdoor work.
B000BFIHVS Amazingly comfortable boot I bought these boots for my husband as a gift, based on the reviews, and they were right!  He loves this.  boot. Its light, stable, and out-of-the-box comfortable.  The only thing he would change about it would for it to be more breathable, but then you give up the water-proof aspect.
B000BFIHVS Favorite Boot This is my husband's favorite boot. He wears them every winter in PA for the past 5 years. So I have to keep buying the exact same style number.  He Loves Them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! I bought these for my husband & he liked them so much i order another pair. Fit was good & color is great.
B000BGMMZ4 Great! Fits like a glove, looks great. I bought them for my husband for Christmas he wore them in the snow a couple times with no complaints and they have not gotten a scuff yet!
B000BGMMZ4 awsome I bought them for my brother and he loves them they are comfy n stylish a great buy for me
B000FX9A5S Awesome boots! My husband works at a mine and does a lot of rugged type work and just loves these boots.  It is really hard to find boots in his size and with all the specifications he needs, not to mention comfort.  This boot has special insulation, is waterproof, ER rated, and steel toed as well as comes in size 14 wide!  I was a little leery buying these because the price was so cheap but I decided to give them a try since all of the reviews were great.  My husband called me from work today to tell me that he just loves these boots!  He said this is the first pair of boots that he has not had to break in! I couldn't be happier!
B000FX9A5S Excellen quality! I purchased these boots for my husband.  He said the fit was perfect and the quality is great.  He uses them for extensive work around the house.  He is very pleased with these boots.
B000FX9A5S Very comfortable and reliable. I bought a pair of these for my husband years ago and wanted him to have a pair for work and for play.  He loves them.  They are comfortable and reliable.
B000FX9A5S Great Boot for tough jobs!! Husband works in the construction field and goes through plenty of boots.  These Timberland are more safe and durable. Highly recommended.
B000FX9A5S Great work boots I bought these for my husband and he loves them.  He typically only buys from a particular brand name (that was not this) but he wears them everyday to work and has never complained about them once.  They are sturdy, well made and nice looking.
B000FX9A5S Husband loves them My husband works construction, so steel toe boots that will withstand almost anything are a necessity. These fit the bill perfectly! He prefers Timberland, so I purchased these as a Christmas present. Fit true to size, they take quite a beating but hold up no matter what he does to them at work.
B000G1Z9XG Comfortable Love being able to get the black boots online, can't find this style or color in stores!My husband loves these for work.
B000G23DQK Stands up to time and husbands. This is just a classic boot.  My husband loves it.  He tells me that the construction is padded in such a way that it is very comfortable around his (bony) ankles.  He puts a lot of time on his feet and has found these boots to stay comfortable through the day.
B000G23DQK It's simple... If your into wearing Tims, like my husband,  Then its no different then anyother construction Tims worn for years. Amazon's delivery was speedy and efficient. When necessary to stomp the streets or a face or two my husband says its just fine! I especially love the color. Summertime functionability. Thank You.
B000G23DQK Great buy! These boots are of high quality, they are the real thing. My husband loved them, said they are verconfirtable and you can't beat it for the price!
B000G23DQK excellent was looking for this color in leather for some time for my husband.I gave these to him for xmas and he loves them.The sizing is great the condition of the boot is very sturdy.He is 100% satisfied.They came very quicklywould definetly purchase again in the future from the seller.
B000G23DQK very nice My husband loves them and thinks they are very comfortable. He has the scotch proof type so they are very easy to clean.
B000G23DQK Bought for my husband as a gift! This was a great purchase!  The product was just what my husband wanted and delighted him!  The shipping was excellent and right on time!
B000G23DQK My husband is nuts for these! These boots have a &#34;finish&#34; on them which prevents them from getting dirty. My husband loves them so much, first he refuses to wear them in the snow. Since christmas he actually goes and gets them and has been showing them to his friends. I haven't since this behavior in men ever, it reminds me of an 8 year old showing off his new match box.
B000G23DQK loves the boots gave my husband this boot for work, he loves it and it fits great, he would recoomend this boot to any working men.
B000G23UI6 Great Shoe!!! I brought these shoes for my husband because he wanted Tims and I wanted to save money and buy thek online. They shipped in perfect condition and ontime. He is still wearing them months later. They held up great and my husband is nto easy on shoes...especially Tims. Great buy for the money. Dont waste your money and buy them at the mall. Buy them here. Sizing was also accurate.
B000G23X74 Timberland Men's Classic 2-Eye Boat Shoe, Brown/Brown, 9.5 W US My husband loves it.  first time ever he wore shoes that I bought him and he's very pleased.I'm thinking to buy another pair for his Christmas. great product!
B000G24LJS Looks Great on My Husband! I love the quality of these shoes. The color is rich and flawless. They seem very durable as well. I'll get my husband another pair.
B000G24LJS Timberland shoes I bought these for my husband and he loves them. There are comfortable and have a good quality. I used to have a pair and there were also very resistant and easy to clean.
B000G24LJS Husband's Great Buy My Hubby loves these shoes. Great prices. Nice fit. Very comfortable. Best purchased made in a long time. Glad we purchased them.
B000G24LJS Good and comfortable shoes My husband loves this pair as it is very comfortable and the price is ok.
B000G24LJS Great looking Perfect fit, color is very nice, looks like an updated boat shoe.  My husband loves them says they are extremely comfortable.  My grandson and his two friends came over  ( they are 25 years old) and they thought they were great and that they would even be good for golfing.  My grandson wants me to order a pair.
B000G24LJS Timberland Shoes Good quality as it is leather. Very comfortable. Ideal when is raining because they are watter proof. I bought them for my husband and he loves them.Timberland Men's 3 Eye Boat Shoe
B000HGZRUK Ordered again and again and again My husband loves these shoes.  I've gotten him this exact pair the last three years.  He loves that they're low cut and I love that they're a loafer boot mix. The price was right and they were shipped quickly.
B000KVA7YI perfect A very satisfied customer.my bf loves it and really loves this timberland's work boots.thanks to amaxon and timberland.  Keep it up.
B000MQHHB2 "Best Socks Ever"...husband My husband bought these at the Timberland store while traveling and loves them.  I was happy to see them here... My son "borrowed" them when he went off to college and so I need to buy more!  The fit is comfortable...no sagging anywhere in the shoe and they wash nicely.
B000MQHHB2 Great! Bought these for my husband and he loves them.  They are super soft and have a lot of cushion at the toe and heel to help prevent those inevitable holes.  He is a size 10.5 and they fit him perfectly.
B000MQHHB2 Comfy and Long-Lasting My husband LOVES these socks. The fit is perfect and the quality is great--they last much longer than other brands.
B000MQHHB2 Comfy! My husband loves these! Better than expected.  They are thick on bottom and soft.  Not tight on the leg part either
B000MQL2TK My husband loves these socks They are comfortable and have plenty of cushion in them.  Overall a nice sock.  We would buy them again.  Please keep them in stock.
B000NKIGNK Great shoes Bought these for my husband for xmas, which he already had a pair but needed new ones. He loves them, wears them everywhere, and says they are super comfy!
B000QW02F0 Great boots. This is the second pair of these boots my husband has had. He loves them, they are light and very comfortable. He is on his feet all day on concrete so they are perfect for his needs. He will continue to buy this brand.
B000QW02F0 We would buy another pair!!! My husband loves his boots. He is out in all kinds of weather. It takes a few days to get used to new boots so don'twait to wear them on Monday for work . Wear them for a couple days and get used to them. As for wet feet don't walk in puddlesas my husband has never said anything about wet feet to me. Old boots pryer to this sale were bought at Walmart and he had wet feet all the time...look like prunes.
B000VQ9QKS My wife loves these boots! Great fit, water proof, reliable feeling on rugged terrain. Got it for my wife, and she loves it, in and out of town.
B000VW69IY Great! Purchased these for my husband who has worn his other pairs for several years. They fit well and are good lookin' too..
B000VW69IY So far so good The shoes I have bought for my husband. It was very prompt delivery. Shoes are comfortable and look durable, he is wearing them to work. In my opinion, they are a little bulky that is why I gave 4 stars them, but my husband loves the shoes.
B000VW69IY good quality and fit was skeptical of the size to choose, but my husband wears 9.5 US , i bought that size and its a perfect fit!!! grt quality sandal. he loves it.
B000VW69IY I brought these shoes for my husband My husband love these shoes. Every one tells him how nice they look on him.
B000VW9RFG Perfect fit I decided to purchase these clogs for my husband for Christmas.  He has a bad habit of crushing down the backs of his shoes instead of slipping his feet all the way into them.  He was thrilled when he opened these on Christmas morning.  They are a perfect fit, comfortable and he has no trouble keeping them on his feet.  They are attractive and sturdy and my husband hasn't worn anything else since I gave them to him.
B000VWAB7Y best gift ever to your feet!! I got this pair of shoes for my husband and he cant say anything negative about them....not only are they great looking ( the constract of the material I'ts great) but also they are extremely confortable and he loves them.... I love them too cause they are very casual and they can dress up as well......the price was great and the quality its pretty good....
B000VX01V4 Great shoes, I purchased these for my husband for Christmas! He loves them. Great for casual wear. Very well made. Soft leather too.
B000VX01V4 man loves shoes! My.husband loves them. Pat on my back for getting the right  size. He loves the color and style!!. I did good,!
B000VX01V4 Not what expected My husband would have liked a wider fit. Next time make an E width if you can. Otherwise, we'll go different brand.
B000VX03GC Awesome Boots! My husband loves everything about these boots.  Waterproof, great fit, comfortable, and very warm.  This is going to be his everyday shoe in the winter.  Tough enough for hiking but light enough for every day use.
B000VX03GC Great boots! I bought these for my husband for his birthday and he loves them.  They are durable and comfortable and they clean up well.
B000VX03GC These are really great boots. My husband loves these new boots.  They fit him perfectly and he said they're comfortable right out of the box
B000VX03GC It's fit&#65281; The price is very appropriate to buy this pair of shoes! It is very strong, is also very warm, fit on the site, husband like it.
B000VX03GC Great boot!! I bought a pair of these several years ago for my husband who works in a large garden and outdoors in all weather.  He loved the first pair and when they finally gave out, we ordered the same type again and he loves these also!!!
B000VX03GC Perfect pair of boots My son loves these boots, they fit perfectly and look great. Arrived in time for Christmas, even my husband wants a pair! Well made, very confortable, I waterproofed them with a spray on just to be safe, he has worn them in the snow with no issues.
B000VX03GC pleased product is as good as advertised. Very pleased with it says my husband.This is the third pair of Timberlands I have purchased for my husband.
B000VX03GC HAPPY HUSBAND My husband purchased these for our 3 mile walks in the morning. Although very slightly heavy compared to sneakers they keep his feet warm and he says they are comfortable. Much sturdier and better support too!
B000VX03GC Geat Boots My Grandson loves these shoe comfortable and not to heavy on his foot.  He even loves wearing them to school
B000VX03WQ great shoe my husband loves this boot. he said that he had a pair a few years ago and wanted another pair. the first shipment actually got lost in the mail, however it finally made it to us and he loves them
B000VX03WQ Good Buy I got the shoes for my husband a few days before Christmas and he loves them! They arrived on time. He's a not the pretty boy type, so these are perfect because he scratches them and it comes right off with a wipe of his hand. You have to buy a half size bigger though, which I figured and they fit him perfectly.If you want nice shoes without having to worry about getting them too dirty, go with these.
B000VX03WQ Timberland Hiker Boots My husband absolutely LOVES this shoe ! He has had several over the years, so when one wears out I start looking for the next pair!
B000VX03WQ Happy Customer The boots are great.  I got them for my husband for Christmas and he loves them.  I was surpized when I got them before Christmas (I ordered them later that I should have) but they arrived on time.  I'm very satisfied.
B000VX03WQ Second pair My husband swears by these boots. He does a lot of walking in his job and he says nothing is more comfortable.
B000VX03WQ They are what my husband wanted! He loves every time you put them on can be said to be comfortable and perfect for a walk in places rulares also has a very good design and the price is totally under.
B000VX04MU like my husband said they where good for his job but they only last him 8 months in his job because he works outside in all type of weather.
B000VX04PC love them My husband loves them and they fit him just right happy we got a half size bigger. Time are our fav winter wear
B000VX061O Exactly what was expected. My husband ordered these shoes and loves them. This is the only style he enjoys wearing, with or without socks. These fit perfectly.
B000X46MOQ My wife loves them! She normally hates boots (she's a flip-flops/Ugg gal), but after a few branches fell on her feet while we were doing yard work, she wanted something with some protection.  I bought these for her and she loves them.  She wears these for hours at a time, doing yard work and running errands, with no complaints.She says she would buy again.
B000XEA5ZI Surprise for my husband Bought these boots for my husband and he loves them. He said they fit very comfortable and would recommend these to anyone other construction worker.
B000XEA5ZI Great Contractor's Boots I bought this item for my husband because he was complaining about his other work boots being uncomfortable. He initially thought that these boots would also take some breaking in. He let me know that the boots were super comfortable since the first day and they're very durable. My husband gives this product 5 stars.
B000XEAA0S Boots Got these for my husband so he could have new work boots, he loves them, they are wonderful and they came quickly.....thank you so much
B000XEAA0S My husband loves his new Timberland PRO Boots!! My husband was having trouble with his feet at work until he started wearing his new Timberland Pro's! He loves them and says that he feels like he is floating. He no longer has pain in his feet and is truly happy with the Timberland Pro's that I picked for him! He would definitely get another pair when that time comes but I feel like these are going to last!
B000XEACHO LOVE THEM!!!!!! Bought these for my husband. We have a towing business and he was in need of some good steel tow boots. They look really nice and he said he feels like he's walking on clouds.
B000XEACHO fit perfectly Bought these for my husband for the second year in a row they are very comfortable and rugged. We will order them again when he needs them.
B000XEACHO comfortable I bought these for my husband and he loves them! He said they are very comfortable and they've held up so far. We're only a month into owning them, so we're keeping out fingers crossed. Too expensive to replace within the year.
B000XEACHO timberland pro my husband so happy to received this item I would like to order another one in time thank you so much
B000XEACHO Comfortable This is my husband's 2nd pair of Timberlands. He loves the way they fit and feel. He has plantar fasciitis, and these have great fit and comfort for his arches. He is really impressed with the waterproof feature and no longer comes home with soggy feet. Comfort is a big deal since he is on his feet all day. great fitting steel toes are hard to find. These are great. He has no complaints.
B000XEAJOK great boots I bought them for my husband he loved them very comfordable and good quality i hope they last long they arrived very fast
B000XEAKWG My husband loves them... I got these for my husband who is hard to please when it comes to footwear. He can take hours to pick out a pair in the store so I was surprised when he came on here and found these...he usually only buys what he can try on. They fit well and are comfortable but he did say he had to wear them for a while each day before he felt comfortable in them.Also there doesn't seem to be much extra room for thicker socks because he couldn't get them on wearing thicker ones...so you might consider that fact when you buy some and get a half size larger.A lot of boots seem to dry "stiff" when they have gotten wet but these still look very good after they got wet.
B000XEAM10 great buy! Bought these for my husband, he's been buying them for years at boot barn and they are more expensive there.  These are a great buy! He says they are the same exact boots, so from now on I will be buying from Amazon!
B000XEAMXS Great Working Boot This was a Christmas Present for my husband and the look of the boots when I got them lookes even if they are simple are pretty cool.  My husbands mom gave him some work boots for Christmas also(not knowing that I was getting some) but he only wears these.  He is a building engineer and needs good reliable boots he also loves the look and feel.
B000XEAMXS Back again... My husband LOVES these boots.  As soon as he tried them on he went "ahhhh". Not only are they comfortable, affordable and very flattering, they come in WIDE widths!!! If you have a "fussy" husband, try these, he'll really appreciate you.
B000XEAPDA Husband loves My husband needed new work boots, did I mention he wears a 14 mens?  We looked at some other more expensive brands but came upon these in the size he needed and they were about$10 dollars cheaper.  He loves them, he says they are so comfortable.  I never thought he would find a good pair of work boots.
B000XEAPDA Great Boots My husband loves these boots.  They are lightweight and comfortable. He goes through shoes very quickly, but these boots last!
B000XEAPDA One happy husband My husband has a very difficult time finding comfortable shoes, but these are definitely the ones!!! It is hard to find a size 14.
B000XEAPDA shoe review My husband purchased these boots for work, and loves them. He is in maintenance and is on his feet all day. He has to have a boot that is not only functional but comfortable. This boot has performed exceptionally well. Well worth the money!
B000XEBX4K great boots I bought these for my husband, he loves them says the boots are the most comfortable boots he has bought in many many years.  The price was very reasonable.  I think i may purchase another pair.
B000XEEQAI MY Husband loves these. My husband works on his feet all day as a Auto Body Repairman and is hard on a pair of boots so no cheap boots for him. he has tried many different boots throughout the years has not really been happy with any until he tried these. He said these are the most comfortable boots he has ever worn. Good leather construction . He is on his 2nd pair and has a 3rd pair waiting in the closet. He wears them for work, hiking and just running around town. I am just happy I don't have to search for boots anymore as long as these are not discontinued!
B000XEEQAI Husband's Favorite Boot These are my husband's favorite boots hands down.  He wears a size 8 and they fit perfectly.  He loves them because they are lightweight even with the safety toe and are comfortable right out of the box.  His company has a yearly boot allowance but he usually gets 2-3 years out of them.  He is a machinist on his feet 8-10 hours a day so the weight of the boot makes a big difference for him.  Add in the value from Amazon you just can't go wrong.  Highly recommend!
B000XEEQAI Best Safety Boots Bought these for my husband because he swears by them!  He tried another brand but hated them since they hurt his knees so he went back to these!!!  He loves them!!!!!!
B000XEH2JA My husband's Favorite Boots This is actually a pretty simple review.  My husband bought his first pair a few years ago (though I'm not sure they had the steel toe).  When his boots are done - in other words no more glue can fix them - he orders another pair and wears them everyday until they are done.  He won't even TRY another type of boot which says a lot about them.
B000XEH2JA best work boots Ordered these for my husband to replace the exact same ones he's had for nine years.  He wears them on the job and loves them.  They are very comfortable, acceptable for the department (plain, black, nothing fancy) and last much longer and feel better than what some of the other guys wear (Bates).
B000XEH2JA Great Quality Bought these for my husband and he didn't even have to break them in.  He just wore them the as soon as he got them!  Very pleased quality is great and they look good too!!
B000XEIZ7S Love! My husband is really enjoying these boots! The price was better than other places he had looked, and they arrived right on time! The best part is, they are extremely comfy and waterproof!
B000XEIZ7S My timberland pro These are for my husband for his job. He is very satisfied. He says their very comfortble and meet the qualifications for work.
B000XEIZ7S Great shoes! My husband has bought other styles of this shoe before, however, these are different from the others in that they are also waterproof, which is a great feature. They last for years and are a really good buy.
B000XEJ3HO Good boots It was a gift for my husband. He loves the boots and says that they are very comfortable. It was a great purchase.
B000XEJ3HO Has to have my husband won't wear any other shoes to work! He has to have these. He works 12 hour shifts and is on his feet the entire time
B000XEJ9V4 So far, so good Just bought these for my husband for Christmas.  He said they fit the way he'd expect, and they're warm.  He hasn't worn them much yet, but from the try-on, he's pleased.  Will update if it changes.
B000XEJ9V4 My Husband LOVES his Timberlands My husband saw this boot and thought they would be similar to Wolverines. Which he has always worn for work. But he really likes these much more. Very comfortable and durable. I highly recommend this boot.
B000XEJ9V4 Love Tims I have been buying Tim's for my husband for years.  It's all he'll wear on the job.  Says they're the most comfortable and last the longest.
B000XEJ9V4 Bought as Christmas present My husband had timberland boots years ago and he wanted a pair just like his old pair . I was not able to find them in any stores in my area (Indiana) . Stores only carried the six inch high boots and no eight inch plus the prices were all around hundred thirty to a hundred eighty dollars.when I found them on line I was very happy and the price was great. They came on time as promised . My husband loves his new boots and if I need ever a new pair I will sure order them again
B000XEKHOC Love Timberlands This is the third boot I've gotten for my husband.  He loves them.  He has wide feet with a high arch.  Doesn't have to break them in.
B000XEKHOC love them! My husband says these are the most comfortable work shoes ever!  Very comfortable for long periods of standing and walking.
B000XEKHOC Fits my husband's big feet I am expecting a 2nd pair of these boots delivered to our delivery address any day now.  My husband is so pleased with his first comfortable pair which he wears as a casual boot- that he decided that he wanted another pair of these boots so that his current pair will become a work boot and the new pair will become the casual wear boot.  My husband has huge thick feet. He has size 16 feet. I ordered him the 15 2E (W or wide width) and he says that the width is perfect and that his feet feel so comfortable in this boot. He is pleased therefore I am pleased. *I am LC from NC*
B000XEKHOC Sturdy, well built, stylish Really like the way these boots look and husband said that they are very comfortable. They look like they will hold up well, fingers crossed.
B000XEKHOC Great Fit and Very Comfortable I bought these for my husband to replace and very worn old pair. He said these were the most comfortable work boots he has owned. He wore them a full day with no complaints!
B000XEKHOC Great Boots! Got these for my husband and he loves them! They are his favorite boots...very warm, water resistant and stylish...highly recommend these. Excellent quality! Perfect fit, sizing is on point...
B000XEKHOC Great boots My husband is on his third pair and loves these boots. They last long and have a great fit.  When treating the leather now and than they do stay waterproof.
B000XEKHOC as expected My husband has wide feetand this boot fits him perfect. He loves them!
B000XEKIUK Husband loved them I bought these for my husband and he loved them.  He says they were comfortable, the first pair was a tad tight so we went up a half size and they worked out great!
B000XEKIUK he loves them my husband loves how comfortable they are. he stands on his feet at work for thriteen hours at a time and they work for his comfort
B000XEKIUK Timberland Pro This is very comfortable and my husband says it keeps his feet warm. He said that he would recommend this boot to his friends.
B000XEKIUK My husband loves these and only wants these again next time! My husband loves these and only wants these again next time!  He says they are to most comfortable steel toe boots he has ever worn.  He is a heavy equipment mechanic and needs something sturdy and comfortable!  This is the secon pair of these he has had and ONLY wants these again!  True to size.  Perfect for any working man! Can't go wrong with these!
B000XEKIUK Great boot, sized about a half size small My husband loves these boots, this will be his third pair.  Took him three years of wearing them almost every single day to wear the other two pairs out.
B000XEKIUK good boots for my husband's brother, he said he loved it very much. it was very comfortable and cool. and the most important is it's cheap
B000XEKK94 Great for working outdoors Bought these for my landscaping husband.  After listening to his complaints about his previous pair (too heavy, uncomfortable, no support, no traction), I was determined to find him the perfect work boots. He loves them and I love that he is finally comfortable.  They are well worth the money and I am considering buying a second pair for future use. He wears a size 14 W its hard to find comfortable decent looking boots in this size.
B000XEKK94 True to size! This is the second time we purchased these boots. My husband is very picky and hard on his boots, but these have held up and he loves them.  I would highly recommend them, very true to size.  Amazon did a great job and even shipped a day earlier than expected.
B000XEKK94 Perfect boot for my husband The boots arrived quicker than expected at a great price. The construction is great and they are very comfortable. I bought these to replace a similar pair that my husband had had worn for YEARS.
B000XEKK94 great boot Husband has always worn the wheat colored boot and loves the fit. I decided to buy the brown leather one instead, and he loves them. Living and working in Mi. can be rough on the boots with the snow, salt, and water. Believe the leather will hold up better during winter.
B000XEKK94 Almost perfect Need a wider size. Otherwise a great pair of boots. My husband says they are warmer than a comparable pair of RedWings he has been wearing. I've reordered a 14 x-wide. Should have the space for thicker socks too.
B000XEKK94 Better than I imagined The boots arrived on time and in mint condition. My husband was thrilled. They are better than expected and they are extremely comfortable and the waterproof feature was a plus.
B000XEKK94 Work boots This is the 3rd pair I have bought for my husband in the last 8 years.  They wear like iron!  My husband says they are the most comfortable work boots he has ever worn, so I hope you don't stop manufacturing them!  Thank you!
B000XEKK94 Timberland Pro men's boots. My husband loves these boots. They are durable and comfortable. These boots can take a beating and still look great!
B000XEKK94 Great for Work. I bought these boots for my husband. They are great. He works with grease and water, they hold up really well.
B000XEKK94 husband loves them I bought these for my husband and he loves them.  He wears them out in the yard for yard work. He loves them. They were delivered on time!
B000XEKK94 Bought for husband I bought these boots for my husband and he LOVES them. He said they are the most comfortable pair of boots he has ever owned. He is on his feet a lot for work so comfort is a big deal for him.
B000XEKK94 Timberland Pro Men's boots My husband will only wear these work boots and has for over 20 years. He loves them and now I also got my son a pair also.
B000XEKK94 Work boot for my husband My husband loves these boots.  He works really long days and is on his feet.  He bought these to change into at work during the day.  He said the soles are like heaven.
B000XELF3O High quality boots My husband is a truck driver and he loves these boots. They are heavy duty & constructed very well as well as comfortable.
B000XELF3O my husband LOVES his boots I got these for my husband for Christmas, he had already tried them on in a different store so I knew exactly what size he would need. Once they are broken in, took about a week, he absolutely loves them! wears them all the time, and I got a good deal compared to buying them at Bob's.
B000XELF3O Husband was thrilled They certainly do the job and they look amazing on his feet. I got them on line without a problem they arrived at my doorstep with no problem..
B000XELF3O Loves them My husband put them on & has worn them to work everyday. They are simular to his old ones. So he's happy that these are a great replacement.
B000XELF3O Frustrated! We are very frustrated, my husband wore them 3 days and part of the heel came off, unfortunately they are the only boots he has so he has to wear them.
B000XELF3O Highly Recommend!!! I ordered these for my husband and he's had nothing but wonderful things to say about them. They were comfortable from day one " he didn't even have to break them in". Quality is great for the money and they are nice looking as well "He hated to even wear them to work". I will be ordering these again in the near future!
B000XELF3O Love Bought for my husband he stands for a long time.  He had been having issue with feet hurting he loved and would recommend .
B000XELF3O Great boots love it The shoe is perfect my husband loves it. He uses it for work and has not complained since yay !
B000XELF3O Husband Loves These Shoes!! My husband needed a pair of shoes in which he could stand in and work all day, and these shoes did not disappoint. Everyday my husband would come home and complain about how his feet were hurting because of the old shoes he would wear all day. Now that he has these boots, he said it is like night and day between the old pair he once wore. Now those pair are in the trash, and he wears these all the time. Thanks for a great product. Now I don't have to rub my husband feet on a daily basis.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable This is the second pair I buy for my husband.  He loves them and says they are very comfortable.  He is on his feet all day and told me his feet never hurt when he wears these boots.  The leather is high quality and they even look good with Dockers when he has to walk the production floor on occasion, he highly recommends these boots, also they are true to size
B000XELF3O wonderful will recommend Ordered these for my husband great fit he likes them very easy to break in no problems with them he has used for a week now. Will be ordering more for him when there's ones or no good anymore great job seller. Husband wears 10.5 and I didnt know what the D stood for so I got it anyways and they were greatthanks again
B000XELF3O Husband loves My husband is a mechanic and works very very very long hours on his feet.  He normally spends $100+ on boots.  For the $60 bucks these are worth it.  He has not complained since he broke them in which did take a few days.  If these hold up well they will be our go to when he wears these out.  And he will, he always does.
B000XELF3O Durable and attractive I bought these for my husband because he's needed some quality, durable boots for working outside. Our brother-in-law has had a pair of these same boots for a couple years and was very satisfied with his. My husband is very happy with them (and they look great :)
B000XELF3O Great buy Took a chance and bought these boots for my husband without asking him and he loves them.  He tells me they're extremely comfortable.
B000XELF3O Build to last! My husband is a builder,  this boots are perfect for him. They are a little heavy but durable, and yet comfortable.
B000XELF3O Comfort, great for work My husband loves these work boots. This is his 2nd pair.He wore the first pair for at least 3 years, everyday with very strenous use. They held up really well.
B000XELF3O Perfect! My husband loves these boots. He wears them for work 5 days a week and says they are very comfortable.
B000XELF3O Great boot Fits as expected.  Comfortable. My husband is on his feet all day.  He loves them and does not complain about his feet hurting.
B000XELF3O Great Boot for work. My husband buys a pair of these every year. He does alot of walking and the soles flatten. He loves them. Great fit, great shoes for work.
B000XELF3O Excellent Product My husband wears them to work, and he loves them. He wears them every day. He says very comfortable, in fact he puts a Gel Insole inside, even better.
B000XELF3O great boots Very comfortable boots bought them for my husband for work and he says its like walking on air cant get any better than that
B000XELF3O Great boots I bought these boots for my fiance based on all the great reviews. She loved them! They are super comfortable and waterproof. She loves wearing them even when she isnt working. She loves that they are steel toed. She works for a company where she could drop cinderblocks and trees and shrubs on her feet from time to time. She loves how warm her feet stay, even during the cold cold days. I will be buying her another pair once these wear out.
B000XELF3O Great boot and value My husband has had these boots for almost a year and loves them. They are getting a little worn because he wears them everyday but it was worth the money since he says they are comfortable. We might be getting another pair soon.
B000XELF3O Husband loves them My husband is an auto body tech and wears these everyday.  We bought them here on Amazon.  They fit just as expected (the same size as his tennis shoes, etc.)  I would definitely buy them again.
B000XELF3O Wonderful My husband was having an hard time finding an boot that didnt hurt his feet. So a friend told him bout tha Pitboss so he gave them a try an he loves them
B000XELF3O Still waiting... Before I purchased these for my husband, I read the reviews that said they needed a day to break in, then they were really comfortable. Two weeks have passed, and my husband is still waiting for just &#34;comfortable&#34;. He even wears his previously never worn tennis shoes on days off to recover until he has to put these on again. He is a bigger guy, so, maybe they are best for someone who doesn't need much foot support? I'm still looking for that ultra comfortable (or even reasonably comfortable) work boot for my hard working husband-with no additional special shoe insert required. He did say that his last pair of Caterpillar boots were more comfortable than this pair.
B000XELF3O Very Satisfied, no more foot pain I bought these for my husband who works 99% of the day on a concrete floor and he loves them. He compares them to the $200 Red Wing's and says they are SOOO worth it! Glad I took the chance to purchase these instead of $200 name brand's.
B000XELF3O Bought these for my husband. They look great! It's also hard to find sizes big enough for him, so it was a relief when I found these. He also says it feels like he is walking on air. They have great cushions.
B000XETJU0 birthday present Bought this for husband's birthday and he loves it.. He loves it so much that he wants another in black. the color makes it look better when dirty, shoe is light but protects his feet
B000XETJU0 Husband loves these boots. I purchased these boots for my husband. He doesn't like wearing steel toe boots and it is hard to find any that aren't. He finds this brand and style to be just what he likes. Great fit and last well for him.
B000XETJU0 Great These boots are great!  The only downfall is a 2 week break-in. After that, they are comfortable and durable. My husband loves them and really puts his boots through alot of abuse. They are holding up fantastically!
B000XETJU0 my grandson loves it I like it
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Soft-Toe Boot Purchased for my husband.  He works hard outside in our yard and in his workshop.He said that they fit well.
B000XETJU0 The Best Boots Around! My husband loves these boots. He is in construction and has worn these boots for the past 20 years. Recently we were unable to find them in the store, we would always go to Sears and for whatever reason they do not carry this exact style, my husband is very picky and only want these boots. So when we found them on amazon he was totally thrilled. Thank you for carrying them and I hope you continue to carry them so my husband can continue to have what he wants!
B000XETJU0 perfect I bought these for my husband and he loved them so much he made me order another pair, he loved the comfort as well
B000XETJU0 Husband Loves Totally worth the price, my husband loves these boots and wears them every day.  He has wide feet (size 14) and they fit great.
B000XETJU0 great work boot My husband loves this work boot.  He's been wearing it for about a month now and he says it's perfect in fit and comfort.
B000XETJU0 Question Quality Bought these for my husband and when he tried them on the leather loop broke.  He wants to keep them because he doesn't want the hassle of returning them.
B000XETJU0 Best boots! I bought second time same model of those boots for my husband. He just loves them. Never get wet!
B000XETU1I husband loves them this is his 4th pair.  he is a bit hard on shoes and these last him about a year for work so I am happy.  when he wears sneakers, I am buying new ones every 2-3 months.  comfortable and flat.  don't have groves in the bottom to pick up mud and rocks to track in clients houses.  that is a big deal for construction workers who go in and out of peoples houses daily.  he loves them.
B000XETU1I Great Quality! The boots are really good quality better than expected! My husband works in construction and loves them he says theyre worth every penny!
B000XEVJJO Husband loves them! Fit true to size, warm, and seem like they will hold up well in the Minnesota weather while my husband is working his daily work schedule outside.
B000XEVLF6 Comfortable and durable We bought these for my husband for work. They are awesome and the price is unbeatable! With my husband having huge feet we were a bit leary of purchasing shoes on-line for him. These fit perfectly and they hold up well!
B000XEVM50 Shoes Review I bought these shoes for my husband for work.  He says they're very comfy and they allow his feet to breathe.  What more can you ask for?
B000XEW60K Bought these for my husband, who is 6'3". These looked like Frankenstein shoes. My husband's feet are probably standard width and these shoes were too big. We both thought they looked like Frankenstein shoes...not as attractive as in the picture. I think the size is deceptive. My husband may keep this in his office at work for the times that he needs steel toed shoes...but he doesn't want to wear them in public.
B000XEW60K chef at a club My husband is a chef and loves these. Comfortable and ok to be 'our front' when needed. Slide on too.
B000XEW60K He loves them These will work at the office and as soon as my husband gets home, he can be out with the horses with no worry about getting his feet stepped on by our 2000 lb. horses.  He is very pleased with fit and comfort of these shoes.
B000XEW60K Tried and True My husband swears by these shoes for work as well as play.  As long as Timberland makes them, I'll be buying them every couple years!
B000XF04LM My husband just keeps buying them!!!  He loves them and has had at least 6 pairs! My husband is a tradesman, so he's hard on his work shoes.  He loves the Timberland Pro series and the Oxford shoe is best for him.  He's a plumber and spends a lot of time on the floor looking under customer's cabinets or boilers.  He prefers a low shoe so it's easier to do that.  He keeps coming back to these!  Great product!
B000XF4D1Y True Timberland My husband loves this shoes and I love the way it looks with his work pants.  We would recommend it......he also says it's really comfortable.
B000XF4D1Y My Roommate Loves These Bought these for him on the recommendation of one on his work buddy's.  He couldn't be happier with the fit or the look.  Will probably get another pair once he wears these out.
B000XF4D1Y great for plantar fasciitis My husband finds this is the only shoe that helps his foot pain. He wears these to work in an office and they look nice enough to wear with khaki/casual pants with a polo or long sleeved shirt. He loves the solid support.
B000XF4D1Y Really love these shoes! My husband has had two pair of these shoes and just loves them! Highly recommend them for every day wear.
B000XF4D1Y Most Comfortable shoes ever! These are the most comfortable shoes my husband has ever had! He bought them years ago and they finally wore out, so we went searching and found them on Amazon! I bought him another pair and he loves them again!
B000XF4D1Y He Loves them This is hubby's second pair.  He stands and walks 10 -12 hours days in construction and absolutely loves them.  He comes home after work and actually comments how good his feet feel.
B000XF6L7I Great! My husband said they were extremely comfortable the minute he but them on. He didnt even need to break them in.
B000XR2GN4 My Husband Love the Boots Love them.  My husband put them the very next day.  Said they are comfortable and not bulky.  Right Fit.  Thanks
B000XR2GN4 Very comfortable My husband loves these.  He says they are very comfortable.  They were a little more in price than what Sears was selling them for but I had to get them here because Sears was out of stock.  I would buy these again.
B000XR2GN4 Solid and Comfortable I bought these for my husband and he absolutely loves them.  He wears them everywhere and they are holding up great!
B000XR2GN4 Great Boot Ordered this for my husband for Christmas.  Size runs true and he says it is very comfortable.  I will be ordering him a second pair soon.
B000XR2GN4 Work Boot for Husband Bought for my husband and he loves them! Fit well short break in period,Would buy again. Great value for the money.
B000XR30FM love these boots Both my Husband and I wear these boots for work.  they are very comfortable on cement floors! Husband used to have painful feet but does not have trouble with these boots.  I like them because they have a nice cushion to them and my feet are safe while doing chores on the farm ( I am type 1 Diabetic).
B000XR30FM Very good I bought those for my husband.  He loves them and wear them most of the time.  So I last week I bought another pair for him.
B000XXGMRO Great value Bought these for my husband. Definitely a size large as reviews stated. He wears a 10.5 and a 9.5 was perfect. Soft enough to be comfortable on the first wear and the price was vastly better here than anywhere else either retail or online.
B000XXGMRO Great fit Replaced my husband's 10 year old Timberlands with these and he is smitten! Very comfy without having to break them in first.
B000XXGMRO fantastic boots! I bought these timberland boots for my husband. He absolutely loves them. They are comfortable and wear well. He's in construction and at alot of different job sites so versatility is a must. They look good and wear well. They do run large so go down a size from your normal shoe size. We would definetely purchase these again. Worth every penny!
B000YDBIJU excellent men sandal I bought them as a father's day gift for my husband and he loves them. It's a great brand and they look stylish.
B000YDEB1C My husband loves these In fact, he loves them so much, this is his second pair. They look great and he says they are very comfortable. My husband likes them so much, that when his old pair's soles started to wear down, he asked if I could find the same shoe.
B0010L9KDQ My husband bought them for me. My husband loves Timberland boots. He bought me and my twin daughters matching boots. They are really cute. I have only worn them once and they are nice looking. They get dirty quick. They are very stiff and you have to be worn a lot to wear them in properly. Nicely made product.
B001704YR2 Comfortable Shoe My husband loves these shoes, He said they were comfortable from the moment he put them on. We went shopping the other day and he wore them for hours and said they were the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned. He like the fact that they came with an extra pair fo han shoelaces as well for a more dressy look.  Very nice looking shoe.
B001ABOA1S my husband loves them he has not worn them yet but loves Timberland shoes and I know he will not be disappointed with the purchase
B001AQU9S6 Great fit My husband is so pleased with these boots. He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size. Absolute great buy.
B001AQU9S6 Love It!!! These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had....He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it!!
B001CX59K0 Comfy, Comfy My husband owns these shoes in black and LOVES them.  He says they feel like slippers and wants a second pair for back up.  He wears them to the office as well as with jeans and receives many compliments.  They look great any way they're worn because they are a perfect blend of dressy and casual all in one.
B001E4AHR2 Great Great boots, my husband loves them.  Very durable and fashionable.  They arrived as scheduled and just as expected.  He still wears them and they aer still in good condition.
B001EBJU82 Great boot My husband loves these and they look great on him. Timberland is always a great brand with excellent quality. Highly recommend.
B001EWFF30 My Husband''s Birthday Present He loves these shoes.  As soon as he put them on he said they fit like a  comfortable glove.  Would highly recommend.
B001EWFF30 Comfortable Boot These were purchased for my husband who lives in boots. They are smart looking and very comfortable. He put them on immediately when arrival and has been been wearing them every day since.
B001EWFF30 Fantastic boots for my husband Got these for my husband for Christmas.  They are the only boots he ever wears.  I've been buying the same boots from Amazon for years.  Every year I buy him these same boots because he loves them.  They are sturdy, yet comfortable and really hold up.  He really gets alot of wear out of them, so they are a good deal for the money.  They keep their "new" look for a long time.  And the service is quick !  If they ever stop making these boots I don't know what he'll do.  They're a reliable old favorite of his.
B001EWFF30 Great boot. I bought these for my husband. He loves these boots. They were a little snug at first but they are real leather , they stretched after a couple of days .I bought pair for myself in pink & I love these boots. I recommend them to anyone.
B001EWFF30 Middle of the road Bought these for my husband. He said he has had a more comfortable timberland. Their not terrible their not great (his words).
B001EWFF30 Hubby Loves Them! This was a gift and my husband uses them often during fall and winter seasons. I purchased them 2 or 3 years ago, and they still in great shape.
B001EWFF30 Great birthday present Husband loves them. Perfect fit. He has worn this shoe before and it was exactly as he remembered.  Thanks amazon
B001EWFF30 Great boots I got these for my husband for his birthday.  He says they are comfortable and loves them.
B001EWFF30 Nice style I bought these boots for my husband since he loves Timberland and never had problems in past.  He loved everything about it except that when the bottoms of the soles get wet you slip and he is very disappointed in these because of it.  Never buy them online again.  These are the third boots I tried for him but the other ones he did not like or did not fit.  These are just slippery.
B001FXZU92 Great quality! My husband uses these as his work boots. They wear very well and are so comfortable that he wears the soles out before he replaces them. I will order these again if they still sell them by then.
B001FXZU92 My Husband Loves Them! On his feet all day in the construction trade, my husband is always looking for a good pair of boots. These suited him so well he purchased two pairs. The extra covering on the toe should make for longer wearing. Very comfortable and sturdy.
B001FXZU92 Well made product These were for my husband, who works construction. He needed a comfortable steel toed boot. (which is hard to find!) Anyway, he loved the boots, and said they were one of the most comfortable he has ever had!
B001FXZU92 Favorite! These are my husband's favorite work boot. He gets them in wide because of the steel toe but loves them! He wears them 5 days a week for 10 hours a day and until they fall apart which usually takes about a year. They last and are comfy!
B001FXZU92 Good boots!! My husband wore Red Wings one time and they fell apart!! Since then he has always worn Timberland Endurance PRO and even though he goes through a pair a year he loves them. They never hurt his feet and are very comfortable and he puts them through the wringer!!
B001FXZU92 My husband loves these shoes My husband wears these shoes every day. This year I bought two pairs because I found them on sale for half off. He gets a new pair every year because he wears them everyday to work...Very strong and well built boot. They are also nice looking and he can wear them even when he isn't working.
B001FXZU92 husband love these boots second pair he owns husband didn't need them yet but said to pick them up now for this price paid more for his last pair
B001FXZU92 for my husband these boots are just was my husband needs for work, they meet the specs of osha for safety. he enjoys them and gets plenty of people asking about them
B001KOQ4EG it's tight it looks good, but it's too tight for my husband. I will let him try W width brown shoes, I hope  it will suit for his feet.
B001L1DBQC Great boots Great boot. My husband works both inside and out in all kinds of conditions at refineries. He says the boots are the most comfortable he has used and keeps his feet from fatiguing.
B001L1G4B6 Comfortable and good looking boots. I bought these for my husband and he loves them! He works in an office, but goes out to construction sites and they are nice enough for casual office days and he doesn't need to change his shoes. Plus, they are super comfortable and look good.
B001LFE284 like I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them. He practically wears them everywhere.
B001OI3FUY My husband loves these shoes! I buy these shoes all the time for my husband (when I can find them) who has very large and wide feet (13EEE) and he absolutely loves them.  They are as advertised, no break-in, soft, and easy to put on.  The best shoe to wear with shorts as they just slip on and don't require socks.  BTW-they are not slippers as the guy below says-they are Drivers with a very slight sole.  This does affect their wear if you walk in them a lot but the last pair my husband bought lasted 3 years and he wears them all the time.  Time for a new pair!
B001PBK87I GOOD QUALITY. VERY NICE WORKING BOOTS, MY HUSBAND LOVES IT,I BOUGHT A BROWN 11.5 WIDE , WAS ACTUALLY LOOKING FOR A BLACK.NICE PRODUCT...WILL RECOMMEND!...
B001PBK87I husband likes these boots I bought these for my husband for work. He tried them on and the  fit was perfect. 11 wide. He says they are comfortable and waterproof. Arrived in two days as stated. He gives the boots a 5 star rating.
B001PBK87I good They fit my husband well! The boots are also holding up longer then expected! I will be ordering again as soon as my husband needs them! And all for a great price!
B001PBK87I Guy loves his new boots I purchased these boots for my husband, and he loves them, he said they are very comfortable and exactly what he was hoping for. He has been a timberland pro 8&#34; wearer for years and he has always purchased them at Bob's, but this was great just orderign on line and having them delivered directly home
B001PBK87I NOT WATERPROOF My husband loved the way the boot fit and looked.Unfortunately, they were not waterproof. My husband works as a mail carrier and so is walking through the snow all day and came home with wet feet several days until we returned them. Very disappointed as we were otherwise pleased.
B001PBK87I Nice boots. My husband loves these boots. He said they are very comfortable. He needs waterproof boots for his job. Has not put them through the test yet, but hoping with the attached tongue they will not leak.
B001PBK87I Great Work Boots My husband needs a lot of support and protection for his feet due to the job he does.  He loves these boots.
B001PUFSW4 Timberlands were great ****they were great! i wore them for inventory and had no problems. My husband also bought a pair of Timberlands and loves them also
B001SARJXC happy My husband loves them and says they are very comfortable. He is very Happy we ordered them. Considering getting another pair in a different color now too.
B001SARJXC The boots are pretty and with great quality. My husband liked a lot. The boots are pretty and with great quality. My husband liked a lot and feel it very confortable for a working day.
B001SARJXC Great fit & look My husband loves them! Perfect fit and super comfortable! They are easy to pull on and off with a great style.
B001SARJXC Husband happy We ordered these boots for my husband to wear to work when the weather is wet and snowy. He wanted something that he didn't need to change out of when he got into the office. These boots are of great quality. Nice thick leather and the sole appears to be strong and my husband says they are very comfortable. He had a bit of a hard time getting them on but said that the straps helped him pull them on. They should soften after a couple of wears. My husband has wide feet so ordered his size in wide and they fit perfectly. He wore them to work today and says they are great. These boots are quite stylish, waterproof and masculine. The price point also makes these a great deal. Would definitely recommend!
B001SARJXC GREAT BUY pleasantly surpised.my husband says this shoes is very comfortable...he wears it to work and his hrs are long...no complaints...it was worth every penny...
B001SARJXC Happy hubby My husband absolutely loved his boots he needed some new ones for work and was surprised when these arrived for him! :)
B001U0OSFW Timberland Men's Euro Hiker I bought these for my husband because the doc told him to get some sturdy shoes.  We've always had good luck with Timberland's and these looked very sturdy.  My husband says they're very comfortable and just what he needed.
B00261CDYW Timberland Men's Classic Boat Shoe My husband loved these shoes.  The fit was perfect and he said they are extremely comfortable.  I would purchase another pair for him in the future.
B002ASAJPG Too Heavy Purchased these shoes for my husband, he loved the style and said order them. Even though I read the reviews about them being on the heavy side he said he didn't expect them to be as heavy as they were. He has worn them three times and still is not liking them.
B002ASAJPG shoes My husband loved his work books, I love that they were water proof and fit perfectly. Very good quality. Thank you
B002ASAJPG birthday I bought these boots for my husband for his birthday. He looked around in local shops and could not find the same boots  as cheap as amazon. He is very pleased,says they're very comfortable. I'm pleased, also . Amazon saved me some money and time.
B002ASAJPG Great workboots Bought these for my husband who is an electrical contractor. He loves them. Very rugged. Comfortable. Looks to be very long lasting.
B002ASAJPG Great boots! My husband loves them...this is his third pair! He works as a contractor and is on his feet a lot!
B002ASAKN2 Great comfort and value My husband an son both wear these work shoes and they are very comfortable. The last pair lasted my husband a year and he wears them every day. The price was excellent and way less than everywhere else.
B002ASAKN2 Great buy My husband loves these boots! I read other reviews, and I frankly don't care if they fall apart quickly. They have saved his feet at work, and these are the boots we'll buy from now on!
B002ASANG6 Excellent Boot! My husband loves these boots!!!  He says they are the most comfortable work boot he has ever owned and is most likely going to be purchasing another pair.
B002NEGCC6 Satisfied Customer I bought this slip-on for my husband and he is in love with the fit says it is a perfect fit .We gave it five stars because he has no complain and my husband is very particular with the fit of his shoes.
B002NEGCC6 shoes we just love theseshoes...my husband is wearing them sll the time...fit great....service was wonderful also..please i don't have time to write anymore
B002NEGCC6 Light weight comfortable slip on. Husband got this shoe and absolutly loves them.  Says they are light and very comfortable.  Only thing he mentioned is that they run a little big.  Other than that he pretty much wears them everyday.
B002PK1MM8 my husband loves them As a gift for father day for my husband this sandals were as expected. He loves them and says that they are comfortable for walking, climbing, and hiking.
B002PMURGI Very comfy. My husband is extremely particular about what he puts on his feet. But sometimes he needs to wear something beyond a slip-on mule. These look good, feel good and he actually loves them.
B002PMURGI Fantastic and comfortable. My husband loves these.  At first he wasn't to sure about the color (beautiful blue) and now these are his go to shoes.  He loves saying the word driving mocs.  I think any man will enjoy wearing these no matter what color you can get them in.
B002UJY0WI Great sweater, great price I purchased one of these sweaters for my son and another for my husband for Christmas and they loved them.  My husband is really tall and the sleeves are a little short but that is nothing new for him and he just pushed up the sleeves.  They both looked great for our holiday celebration!  Thank you, Thank you
B002YOMJPY These boots are made for walking Bought these for my husband who is a mailman.  He loves them.  Says they are comfortable and not to heavy on his feet so he can still move around.
B002YOMJPY Nice boots ! I bought them for my husband he loved them ! He said they are comfortable and warm on cold days.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots!! I bought these for my boyfriend to work in and h e loves them. He says that they are very comfortable. I plan to get him another pair.
B002YOMJPY Perfect gift! I brought them for my husband and he loves these beautiful boots!  The Timberland Company, has been around for a long time and they really do produce fine merchandise.  My husband like Timberland boots because of their durability. Also, they are made to last!  So by all means buy them for yourself or your husband, &#8220;I think they are a great boot and a good buy!&#34;
B002YOMJPY Timberland shoe My husband loved it.. It is comfortable and looks casual.. Just what he needed. Not to mention good price for Timberland.
B002YOMJPY Loves Them Boots My husband had doubts about the fit, since he normally wears 1/2 size smaller. but there was no dofference and he can now wear heavier, warmer socks!
B002YOMJPY great boots the boots are very light weight and perfect fit. my husband loves them since he uses them to work. great boot
B002YOMJPY Disappointed My husband is a truck driver.  I bought these for him for work.  First few days were great.  But now he says the toe portion dented in, and it is causing him irritation.  He tried to reshape, but it is a permanent dent.  Would not purchase these again.
B002YOMJPY Happy Timberland Husband My husband is a UPS driver.  Anyone that is a UPS driver goes through the conflicts of trying to find the perfect Boots, Gloves, or Undergarments for an expected harsh climate, especially in the rain or snow. My husband comes home content with his boots and has not complained of wet socks during a rainy day. We will definitely keep this brand in mind for next year in case he needs a new pair.
B002YOMJPY Husband LOVEs these boots bought a second pair cuz he's so picky.  works in coffee catering  so a lot of hot water splashing and needs sturdy shoe for carrying large urns and carts during delivery.  This is actually his 3rd pair.
B002YOMJPY COMFY COMFY!!!! I bought these for my husband and he says they are so comfortable and he didn't even have to brake them in. He loves them!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot My husband loves the feel and comfort. The boots are lightweight and soft which makes them more lovable. We will see if they come in brown.
B002YOMJPY Good boots My husband is very hard on his shoes. These are lasting great so far. They are true to size and did not hurt his feet to break them in either. Last yr we purchased rockies which were more expensive and they didn't last. Theses are better bang for the buck.
B002YOMJPY Great for work After walking with these Timberland boots on all night during my husband's 8 hour shift walking on hard floors in the prison he was in love. He had bought these along with a pair of Bates boots. When he put on the Bates to wear for his next shift and walked around, he took them off and put back on the Timberland. We then returned the Bates and bought a SECOND pair of these Timberland Mid Boot. He loves them. Says they are so comfortable.
B002YOMJPY my husband loves the shoes. My husband loves the shoes. He has wanted a pair for a while now. My experience was great. Thanks for the easiness of it all
B002YOMJPY Boots are great i just ordered the wrong size I reordered in the size 11 and they fit perfect. My husband loves this boot and I reorder them each year.
B002YOMJPY Just what we had hoped for!! my husband loves the boots - just what we were hoping for, lighter weight and very comfortable.  He started wearing them as soon as they came out of the box.
B002YOMJPY Really good buy! These boots were for my husband to work in and he loves them. The are very comfortable and the bonus is that they are waterproof. This was a really good buy.
B002YOMJPY My husband loves them I purchased these for my husband and he liked them.  He wanted wide width but had to settle for the medium.  He says they fit well and he is happy with them.  The price was great and shipping can't be beat.
B002YOMJPY Bought for my husband, who never buys for himself!! I bought these for my husband as a semi-dress boot. They look nice. Will have to wait and see how they wear over time.
B002YOMJPY night security shoes he loves them. My husband works night security and these shoes kept him comfortable all through his shift. nice ankle support for a lot of walking yet still pretty light weight. Good buy.
B002YOMJPY Very nice quality. Very nice shoes.  My husband loves them.  I would get him another pair if I find them on sale again.  It's good for the snow and good for work.
B0034G558E Perfect boot! These are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn! They are super cute and true to size. I bought these boots online without ever trying on a pair of Timberlands before (my husband has four pairs and loves them)and they are perfect!!
B0034XS2G4 Favorite shoe! My husband loves these shoes. Comfortable and they are nice enough to wear to work. He walks to work every day and they are the most comfortable shoes he's ever owned. Actually, this is his second pair!
B0034XS4OY Most comfortable My husband loves these shoes!Classic for casual or dress and easy to keep clean. Comfortable and stylish! Fits true to size.
B0034XS4OY Shoes are for my husband....he loves them. These shoes are for my husband....he loves them.  I have bought them several times.  They look and fit nice.  He says they are comfortable.
B003A67X5G LOVED HIS NEW BOOTS! My husband is the chef at our restaurant & loves these boots! They are lightweight & super comfortable AND a great look when switching into jeans. Working 14 hour days, I will order a 2nd. pair soon!
B003A67X5G Good boots! My husband loves these boots.. He thinks they're comfortable and fit well.  I would recommend them for sure!  Also  reasonably priced...
B003A69RS2 the best!!!! Bought for my husband he loved them. Better than the dansko we use to buy. Try them your feet wont regret them.
B003A6IL2U Great work boot! My husband has a hard time with proper fit. He's on his feet at the job site 10+ hrs a day. He's always worn a different brand shoe but he loves these and wishes he'd known about them and bought them sooner. Very comfortable.
B003AZZIUE Hubby loves these shoes! My husband bought these years ago and has been searching for another pair.  I found these on-line and he was thrilled.  Timberland should continue to make these.
B003AZZJLW Lynbog3 The shoes shipped fast and had real quality  they were alot better than anything I could have bought locally at a retail deptment store at a reasonable price my husband loves them
B003EV5QDS very comfortable shoes I was seerching in Amazon nice, and very comfortable boots for my husband, and so I ended up withTimberland brand, My husband is always buying the same stile of shoes, boots, everything, I decided to give these boots a try, because these are very different, his size is 12.5 but after reading the reviews I decided to get 11 W for him, THEY RUN BIG, in my husband case 1.5 size big.  When he tried them on, i was very nervous, He was kind of not liking them, but as soon as he started walking his discomfort just disappeared and he has been wearing them almost everyday, he said that they are VERY COMFORTABLE, WARM and different, the finish of the boot are kind of rough, so he let me know that, and  i just said that it is because they are very trendy.VERY HAPPY!!!
B003EV5QDS He loves these shoes. I bought theses shoes as a Christmas gift for my husband. He absolutely loves these shoes. Timberland has so many great styles that it was very hard for me to choose. I read the reviews and chose these boots. My husband said that these boots are extremely comfortable and that the only thing wrong with these boots...that  they are lonely and he wants another pair. So I will let him choose this time.They do run a size larger. He wears  13 but I bought 12 and he said they fit perfect. He works 12 hr shifts as a supervisor and walks on concrete floors all day. Said boots felt great maybe better than his sneakers.
B003LVYTXO My husband loved it! This shirt is very very nice.  Soft as can be and looks great on.  My husband says it is the most comfortable one he has!
B003NUQWY2 Perfect fit, comfortable & versatile. I bought these boots for my husband and he loves them, both for yard work and for casual wear.  They are EXACTLY true to size. My husband is a 9.5 length but his feet are wide & he usually has to buy a 10 B to compensate for the regular width.  This is the only shoe he has that matches his true size.  Very comfortable, also.
B003NUQWY2 Husband very pleased We ordered these for my husband, and he is very pleased with them.  The fit is good - very true to size. They arrived during the time frame we were given.These are attractive, and he wears them with khakis when he's subbing. The floors are hard tile over cement and can be tough on one's legs and feet. These give him good support, and the substantial soles provide cushioning when he stands or walks.
B003NUQYC2 good product My husband loves these boots and buys 2 pair a year, for some reason this last pair purchased felt a little tighter. Hopefully they will give a bit.
B003NUR4P8 Excellant customer service. My husband loves these work boots.  He is on his feet all day as an electrician and these boots are comfortable and supportive.  They last the longest of any work boot he has tried (this is his third pair).  They arrived quickly and are just what he ordered.
B003OBZSZO Daughter loves these boots Bought these boots for my 21 yr old daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. True to size! Very nice looking and seem to be very sturdy.
B003VN3IVQ boat shoes. I bought these for my husband for father's day. Too small so I gave them to my son and he loves them !!
B003XHH0W8 Big Man Pleaser My husband is stout with large calves and wide feet. He requested this style boot (from Santa) to keep his ankles warm on his Harley ride to teach school.  These are a perfect fit and he loves them.  He loves the aggressive tread, and they are wide and comfortable thru the calf.  I already suspect Santa will get another request for a replacement pair NEXT year!
B003YC48QS Timberland Adventure Fisherman Brought these shoes for my husband and he loves them.  He said they feel like tennis shoes and are very comfortable.  Only complaint is that the insert of the slides out whenever he takes his shoe off.  But overall he loves them and wants another pair.
B0043QGPGK Good Quality Good quality sandel, just what my husband wanted, the size wasnt correct for him so I ordered a larger size and gave these to our nephew.  He loves them too.
B0049N3S58 My Guy Loves Them No complaints here, I purchased these for my boyfriend and he LOVES them! comfortable and easy to clean. Good for anyone who has to do lots of standing or walking for wk
B0049N3S58 My husband loves them My husband is a UPS delivery guy and comfortable shoes are a must since he works very long hours.  He claims these are super comfortable and his feet don't hurt like other brands he's used.
B004FV5SDE nice boots! my husband loved them and wears them all the time! the leather is genuine and they are very stylish for men!
B004J2HSIC Gift for husband Since before Christmas my husband being asking for these boots.. I bought them for his birthday and he loves them. Job well done wife..
B004J2HT6I Timberland Men's Chocorua Zip Waterproof Boots My husband is a data/voice cabling technician & has to climb up/down ladders all day long. Our daughter ordered these boots as a gift for him, because with a zipper there are no worries about getting one of your boot laces caught on the ladder. He absolutely loves these boots & even wears them for casual events. If Amazon carried 'Black' in his size (11.5) I would have ordered them already!! THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT PURCHASE!!
B004J2PCHG Husband is very happy! my husband loves these boots for work! He works in constructiuon and it was a hard winter here in Jersey.
B004J2PCHG Stylish They are stylish boots that are good for men. They look black and plain simple. They are also very warm. Haven't tested the waterproof yet but they look like they are indeed. Very nice, my husband loves them.
B004JZPRWS Great My husband loves these shoes.  They run true to size and fit his wide feet well, even though they're a M width.  He says they're very comfortable and he wears them almost every day.
B004K22QM4 Perfect shoe!! My husband loves them!! Very versatile with so many ways to wear them! Dress them up or go casual! Buy them!!
B004LKVGNU Wife loves em Bought these as a gift for my wife and she loves em.  She says they're the best winter boots she's ever had and we're currently dealing with 20 degree temps.  She says they are comfortable and warm.
B004P1Q84C Perfect Bought these for my husband for Christmas, he had been looking for them for over 10 years.  He was so happy, and said it is exactly what he remembered them to be.  Great quality and boy does he look handsome in them!  ;-)
B004P1Q84C Timberland Hiker Boot I ordered these several months ago as a Christmas present for my husband. They are very nice boots - great shade of brown, very sturdy. My husband says they are very comfortable and has worn them several times when the weather has been cold enough. They keep his feet nice and warm and at the same time have just the right amount of give and take - they aren't stiff like a similar pair he bought several years ago. They look much better on than the other pair as well.
B004P35ERM Excellant purchase! My husband absolutely loves these shoes.  They are supposed to be house shoes but I have a hard time getting him NOT to wear them to the store, etc.  They ran true to size and he says are the most comfortable shoes I have even bought him.
B004P35ERM Slippers I bought these for my husband as our son has a pair and loves them. But, after he wore them only a few times around the house the front string webbing on the front of the slipper has worn thin and on one shoe the string has broken.
B004PAPNYY LAID-BACK Nice pair of sunglasses.Item was shipped on time.Purchased for my husband, He loves 'em!I think they make him look younger!!
B004PNE720 Happy Hubby! I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them!  He works on his feet all day and has no complaints.  Perfect for the work day!
B004PNE720 Timberland Pro Boots My husband loves them.  He says they are the most comfortable work boots he has ever worn. He had the brand before and they are long lasting. He works outside in all weather and the boots really hold up well.
B004Q01HZM The heel of the shoes were low.  My husband is lightly overweight, so his feet would grow tired fast. Great looking shoe.  My husband love the shoes.  He would require more support for heel.  Beautiful shoe.  Workmanship was terrific.
B004Q01HZM amazing perfect in every way.My husband loves themthe size is exact and the width as well.I would recommend them
B004RQ1JH6 ESD shoe with some style and comfort I bought these boots for my husband.  They are required at his work for safety.  He is very picky about his footwear and has bad knees too.  He loves them and says the fit and comfort are outstanding.
B004RQ1JH6 Work Shoes Although they are a little stiff these Timmberland Gladstones are very well constructed and my husband who is developing a hip joint problem loves the fact that he can just slip them on and off and does not have to bend over to tie the shoes.
B004RQ1N8Q Fast and perfect These boots are the only ones my husband can wear. His feet used to always be sore but these really alleviate that
B004RQ38B6 Comfort These shoes were for my son. He said they were very comfortable. So much so that I now have to buy my husband a pair.
B004TDWITU Great shoes I bought them for my daughter she says they're comftorable, stylish, and they are a great fit. She loves them
B004WJ6TS2 Nice Tim's I brought these boots for my husband. He wore them the other night to a show and there was no complaints from him. He said there were comfortable.
B004ZCEVP4 Love it! My husband got these for Christmas and he was really happy. They look great and got here quick. Thanks for delivering to APO..
B004ZCZFFE Husband loves them! I purchased these for my husband for Christmas. He loves them. I didn't even open the box when they came in and was suprised how much better than the picture they were.
B005A6B882 Timberland Hiking shoe My husband has an older pair of these shoes and loves them. He decided to get a new pair for an upcoming trip during which he'll do a lot of walking.
B005A7R150 Hippie at heart. Got these for my husband They are made really well, are comfortable and light on the feet. would buy them again.
B005APTZ4W love them I bought my husband these boots- he loves them. Says they are very comfortable- he has trouble finding shoes to fit 9 1/2 W(wide fit in a 9 1/2 is usually hard to find). Seller- Da'Vinci- through Amazon, was very helpful on phone with information & they were shipped quickly.
B005BWB2QI right size and fashion I ordered it for my dad, my dad wears same size as my husband, though my dad has not saw it, my husband has tried it and it fits well, the shoe looks fashion, I like it and though my dad would like it too.
B005BWB2QI My husband loves these shoes. Ordering these for my husband on Amazon always exceeds our expectations in every way, timeliness, fit, quality!! It's our 3rd time.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes I got these shoes for my husband.He absolutely loves them.he said they are very comfortable and the color is just what he wanted.Thanks also  for the fast delivery!!
B005BWB2QI Great shoe This is a Very nice comfortable pair of shoes and true to size. My husband loves them  I'd recommend for any man
B005BWB2QI Timberland shoes. I bought this for my husband and he really liked them.They fit him perfectly. They are comfortable and look very nice on him.
B005BWB2QI my husband went crazy! my husband loved loved loved these shoes! and the price is amazing! very comfy! and great for a day at the park or a day in the office!
B005BWB2QI My husband's favorite pair of shoes to wear. I would purchase again and different colors if they were available Love the way they look on my husband's feet!!
B005BWB2QI Love my Timberlands My husband loves his new shoes. Hard to find a 14 wide. So soft and comfortable. Love them.  He wants more of this brand.
B005BWB2QI he loves My husband loves these shoes. He wears them at work where he is on his feet a lot. He says they are so comfy his feet never hurt
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe I ordered these shoes for my husband who tends to have great difficulty finding shoes that fit.  He absolutely loves these and tells me every day how comfortable they are.  These shoes were also offered at a fantastic price.  My husband loves them so much that I ordered a pair for my adult son who loves them too!  Thank you Amazon for the having the best products, service and quality that cannot be beat.
B005FI1VE6 My daughter loves these This is the second pair I have ordered her in the last three months.  She loves loves loves these shoes.  They are so easy for her to get on and off, don't hurt her feet and every other shoe I have ordered for her online never fit.These actually fit.  What I like about them is there is extra room at the toe so she is not scraping her toes if she rides her bike or something. These really are great shoes for summer and exactly what I needed.......
B005FI1VE6 No disappoints This is the third pair that I am purchasing; they are durable andcomfortable, my Toddler Loves it loves it loves it
B005FM5Q3O Timberland 2 These were bought for granddaughter #3 and she loves purple.  She kept them on all day and she loves them, too.  This granddaughter is 5.
B005I6RZXG She loves it since it is very very comfortable. Bought it for my daughter for working in a cafe standing on her feet all day.  She loves it since it is very very comfortable.
B005I6Z4JI Perfect Fit, Great Price Fast Shipping My husband has a terrible time finding durable shoes that he can wear for very long hours.The moment he put these on his feet, he said he felt as though they were already broken in for him.Highly Recommend.
B005I6Z4JI For someone who has a hard time finding shoes... These fit my husband great! His feet don't hurt after a long days worth of work anymore.  However, they scuff up super easy.
B005I6Z4JI A HAPPY HUSBAND MAKES A HAPPIER WIFE MY HUSBAND IS ON HIS FEET 10-14 HOURS A DAY AND THESE HOLD UP VERY WELL. HE SAYS THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND HIS FEET CAN BREATHE NOT SWEATY! VERY WELL MADE AND GOOD PRICE COMPARED TO RED WINGS BOOTS
B005LCQYYS Good choice! it was just what my husband wanted to get, he says they're really confortable and they go with everything. and the best price.
B005MI875U Very comfortable My husband's feet were really bothering him at work.  These Timberlands put an end to the discomfort.  They are worth every penny!
B005MI875U Timberland mens whieledge boot, wheat Ordered for my husband and he loves them.  They run true to size.  Will  order again in future. Very satisfied.
B006T307QE Very satisfied I bought these shoes for my husband. He uses these for work, is on his feet all day and says they are very comfortable.
B006T307QE Super Comfortable Got these for my husband and he said they were the most comfortable boots he has ever owned. He loves them.
B006T307QE husband approve I bought this for my husband who has to work 9 hours on his feet and He loves it. Its light weight and comfortable .
B006T307QE great boots! bought these for my husband, he is a generator technician and is on his feet all day lifting very large and heavy objects and said these are the most comfortable and bst quality boot he has ever worn!
B006T307QE Great product My husband loves these boots. He is on his feet all day at work and they are extremely light. HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommended!
B006T307QE good brand These boots are very stylish, my husband ordered them.  He is happy with the look and says they fit well.  I hope they maintain their durability because we have bought other styles of Timberland before and the soles fall off.  I hope this style is made better.
B006T30U8E Just what my husband needed My husband is working with a physical therapist who said he needed some quality lace up boots without a lot of grippers on the sole .These booths really work well for him and they are very comfortable
B006T32HGC Just right. They are true to fit. Lightweight on the foot and very comfortable. My husband wears them 5 days a week since he got them and not one complaint. He is very content with his purchase.
B006T32TKG Great Boots For Bad Joints Had been looking for these boots for 6 mos. my husband them in the composite toe.Because of there comfort.he wanted them to ware everyday around the house.He says they r like walking on pillows.
B006T32TKG Hubbie loves them! Bought these for my husband and he loves them. He said they feel comfortable from the get go. They keep his feet dry and I love the price!
B006ZGV9LM wife loves it ! my wife loves the color, she loves how sturdy they feel ( unlikely to fall over ) and she raved about the comfort.they're Timberland's!!! that's a quality brand. she only mentioned that they were slightly tight but that she called and was told that tghe leather would loosen up as time went on.a definite recommend if u thinking about it.the braid in the back leaves room for  stretching also.
B006ZIGSYS Very nice boot Bought as a present for my better half. She loves them and wears them all the time. She says they are extremely comfortable and fit great. Says her foot doesn't slide around at all. Bought them one half size bigger she wears a 7 purchased a 7.5.
B006ZITOOY Timberland&Tough Got my wife her first pair of Tim`s for Christmas, I've been wearing them for years, she loves them, every bit as comfortable and durable as I knew they would. My wife loves them!
B006ZJ2ZUI Like, very stylish Keep my feet dry, alittle difficult to put on because it's so rubbery.  My husband is a big fan of Timberland and he loves this on my foot.
B006ZUFL30 My husband loves his shoes My husband wears these shoes daily. He says they feel and fit comfortably right out of the box. This is the third pair we have ordered so far.
B006ZVT856 Timberland out of competition wonderful shoes. very warm and comfortable. size-fits. light enough. My husband wears them at - 5 and his feet not freeze
B0070SH5G2 wonderful boots when my husband found it at the first time, he loved it,and it is more cheaper than i buy in China. so i bought it for him.
B0072AE45S Held up the longest My husband has had these for a while. Longest lasting timberlands he has had yet. Great price and since he wears a size 15 it's hard to find shoes especially at a great price.
B007784JI2 Winter boots My husband loves these boots.  They are warm and durable.  They also happen to look great.  He had a pair of waterproof Northface boots but did not like the look of them.  These are much better looking and warmer.
B007784JI2 Bought these for my husband He really liked these boots they're plan and simple just like him. He wears them every chance he gets. Very good quality!
B0077SY810 Great Boots I bought the boots for my husband. He is usually size 11 but we bought the 10 1/2 and fits great
B0082D7MJY My husband loves it I bought this for my husband, he loves it. He used to complain about his three fold wallet which he used in his back pocket because it was uncomfortable when sitting and it was a hassle to keep taking it out every time he sat. This one is just perfect, it fits the front pockets and he says you can barely feel it is there, the color is very nice and material is good as well as the construction. So far he has nine cards in it but seems to have room for at least 3 more, and he has also used the clip to put bills which is convenient.
B008KCHDDC Bought for my husband and he loves it My husbands criteria was that he wanted a dial that was VERY EASY to read.  It had to have a second hand.  This watch is perfect for him.  Thank you.
B008KLGHL2 My Grandma loves them I got these for my grandmother when she came to visit me she picked them out and she has let me know since then that they have come in and she is wearing them almost everyday and loves them. She said they fit great and she has wide feet, she also doesn't have an issue when them slipping off when she is walking or anything.
B008M27754 Good sandals I've had my eyes on these for a while for my husband as he loves covered ones. His feedback is very positive - they are comfortable, good soles, look suave with khakis as well jeans.
B008M2MGSC good Great ...my husband loves it fit as expected ..its a great productVery solid ...nd very high ...good quality love it
B008M2P490 I bought this for my husband He loves it and it is very comfortable to wear.He loved it right from the time I showed it to him.
B008N6YJKA Love them! Awesome fit and look! I bought them in both black and brown! Such a fun sexy look! My husband loves them!
B008VPU0GK My husband birthday gift went wrong I ordered these in size 7 and a half but it came in size 11! Think of how my husband looked when he saw it, first excited then disappointed ! I was so upset .
B008VPU0GK I bought this for my husband and he loves it! I bought this for my husband and he loves it! Water proof and comfy. They are very light too even though they look big and heavy.
B008VPU0GK my husband loves it! It wears so comfortable and warm. Fits very well! The size is my regular size, and I can wear it on job, on weekend, or even picnic or hiking. Definitely will purchase again!
B008ZBPGFU My husband loves these My father has a pair of these and I thought they were very attractive.  I ordered a pair for my husband for Valentine's day and he loves them.  He especially likes that he can slip them on quickly by just stepping on the back if he wants.
B008ZBPGFU Husband loved these, and so did I. Bought them for my husband for christmas.  Wish they made a womans size, they are very nice.  Soft and well made.
B0091225MO Timberland PRO Valor Men's Work Shoes - Excellent Product! I bought these shoes for my husband, who does painting and contracting work.  He loves these shoes.  He said they are a perfect fit and are extremely comfortable - he feels as if he's walking on pillows! He also said they are durable and his feet no longer hurt after working all day. The price is right; the shoes are well worth the money.  That said, my husband and I highly recommend these shoes.
B0091HJZQI Bought them for my husband I bought these as a Christmas gift for my husband and he absolutely loves them..says they fit perfect just for him!!
B009PNJW5C Timberland My husband loves them. He says that they are comfortable and has extra cushion. I tested them also and they were extra soft. He was very satisfied.
B009QAREA4 Nice boots Got for my husband & he loves them. Keeps his feet warm during the winter. Great boots ....he needs another pair .
B009R9EJ3E Confortable I bought this item for my husband's favorite shoes, and it worked well. It is a bit bigger as insole, but it is very comfortable.
B00A4EPTYO Beautiful wallets True leather, quality handcrafted items.  Ordered two, one for my husband and son, but decided to give one each to my sons not my husband.  No arguing as to who got the better wallet!  I'll reorder for my husband!!  :-)
B00AAPHB2U Love these shoes! My husband loves how comfortable and great looking these shoes are. He'd been wanting a pair for awhile, and was psyched to come up on such a great price. I'd recommend purchase.
B00AZPO90W Amazing I gave it as a gift to my husband and he really loves them. They go well with casual and even when you want to dress up.
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes Bought these for my spouse. He loves them.  He has had other timberland oxfords but he says these are the most comfortable ones he has ever owned.
B00AZPOIF8 Weekend casual Style and comfort Great understated casual style and comfortable fit. My husband loves these. He hates to shop so I just ordered these to replace his well worn 7 year old Timberlands and just ordered same size.
B00AZPOIF8 for husband he does like them and wears at work  says they have good support and cushion while he is on his feet
B00AZPOIF8 Very confortable! I bought this pair of shoes for my husband and he loved it mostly because  it is  very confortable !!
B00AZPPEQ0 Good Looking Show i bought these for my husband and he loves them. As well as i do. these are a sharp looking chukka boot. My husband is all about comfort. He said they have fantastic support that he needs. these boots go with everything. Very versatile. Men if you want style plus comfort, these are the shoes for you.
B00AZPPEQ0 my husband loves it my husband has loved &#34;earth keepers&#34; series for a very long time, the shoes fit him very well, it looks really nice on him.
B00AZPQV6C Eaerthkeepers Boot This was a first time I purchased shoes from Amazon. Afraid to buy without trying them on. Great fit,comfortable. My husband liked them so much I ordered them in black for him also.
B00AZPS9W6 nice! Bought these for my husband and he loves them. They look great, and he's always receiving compliments on them. They fit great and are very high quality. Shipping time was outstanding as well as packaging. Very satisfied and would definitely recommend to a friend. Thanks!
B00AZPUCBM super comfy Gave these to my husband for Christmas.. He loves them, after breaking them in after a couple of wears! Great color and perfect with jeans!
B00B7FKAXY Timberland...the only work boots my husband can wear! Great look..style..fit.....price...comfort! Tumberland  the only boots my husband(steamfitter) can comfortably wear. He highly recommends Timberland work boots for any one with problem feet.
B00B7GRUKY Perfect fit! I got these for my husband as his work shoes. He owns a restaurant and is on his feet all day. He loves them!!
B00B7H5M4O Great Fit great for work These boots are a perfect fit. I bought them for my Husband for work and he loves them. Wants another pair if he can find in black.
B00B82ZHB6 husband loved them! Bought these for my husband on valentines day. They look great & fit perfectly!  My husband loved them! Great buy for the price too. More then satisfied with my purchase.
B00B9PJBDC Great shoes Ordered these shoes per the request of my husband for Christmas.  They fit perfect and he wears them daily for work.
B00B9PJBDC Great Boots I bought this for my father and he loves it very much he gets complements all the time he wants more though.
B00B9PJBDC Husband loves and he says they are comfy.  He loves the style and color. He has a very wide foot and the 13W fits him perfectly.
B00B9PJBDC Rugged This is a comfortable and rugged shoe. My husband uses them to go bird watching and he finds them comfortable for all day wear.
B00B9PJBDC Style Meets Comfort I bought these boots for my husband and he LOVES them!  He said they are lightweight and very comfortable.  I like the fact that they are stylish too.
B00B9PM53U Husband loves them Bought these for my husband because he works outside in the snow and rain and he loves them.  They keep his feet very warm and dry.
B00B9PM56C My best Winter purchase I bought it for my husband. My husband usually wears 10 and sometimes 10.5.. reading the other reviews ordered a 10.5 and thank God , the fit was perfect. He says,its very comfortable and lightweight..at the same time felt warm in 2014 Pennsylvania winter.
B00B9PS9VC Heavenly on your feet I purchased these for my husband who spends a great deal of time on his feet, and he absolutely LOVES these shoes.  He said they feel heavenly on his feet.
B00BAZ0Y0K Nice! I bought it for my husband and he liked it! Beautiful leather and a very practical. The price was ok!
B00BB7BX66 Perfect gift My husband loves them. They are exactly as described. He wears them all the time. He has a wide foot so chose this size
B00BCJXLHW great boots bought it for my sister when we went to Russia in winter time and she loves it. next time i'll buy one for myself!
B00BCJXLHW Great fit and look! I ordered the timberlands for my daughter. She loves them! They were a little snug when she first put them on but they quickly loosen up when she walked around in them. She loves the look of them!! Very fashionable but rugged at the same time!
B00BCJXLHW My daughter loves them! I love that you can wear these either folded or straight. They're perfect for snow and stylish, too. My daughter loves them.
B00BH0B7KE Love these boots My husband loves these boots.  They are comfortable.  He has nothing but good things to say about them.  He is on his feet 10+ hours per day.  He has recommended these boots to coworkers as well.
B00E8RA1UK Timberland My granddaughter loves them and wore them all day, the 4th.  She is 8 years old and told me, she loves that her feet stays in and she does not have to keep tying them or putting them back on because most sandals slide off your feet.  She just loves them.
B00EAL3KLQ Great pair. My husband loved them.  He's wearing them already.  Thank you. I made him happy.  Because he takes care of me.  I wanted to do something for him. Thanks again.  Naomi
B00FKL8DB2 Perfect It's been a month since I gave this to my husband and no complaints. He loves this wallet.
