B000073TM3 Ok for price Looks great but my daughter had them on for about 5 mins n fell. The entire frnt scraped off . Now they are grey bend up n scrape n scratch VERY easy!!
B000073TM3 Boots It is lightweight which is important for a 71/2 yr old, will see how they last, too soon to tell.
B000073TM3 WOW WOW EVEN NICER THAN PICTURE WELL DONE ON BEING SO QUICK TO DELIVER WILL BE COMING BACK TO YOU AGAIN. HAPPY CHRISTMAS TO YOU AND YOURS.  TERESA
B000073TM3 Buy a shoehorn with these boots! I bought these for my 2 year old little boy. The boots look great and are well made but they are REALLY difficult to get on,even with the laces completely removed. After about a dozen wearings they break in and start to go on easier, but if you are buying these for a baby or toddler, be prepared to spend an extra ten minutes putting these on your little guy for the first few weeks!
B000073TM3 fast shipping great service This is my first pair of boots I buy online needed them for work and everything went down smoothly fits perfectly fast shipping loved everything
B000073TM3 Waist of time And Money. I order this Idem: Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid Timberland) on November 17, 2012.By December 12, 2012 the Boot  had broken in the inner Side of the boot.I Don't recommend this Product to anyone else.
B000073TM3 great seller! i am very pleased with my purchase! i purchased these boots for my sons birthday they arrived sooner than expected in great condition! i had standard shipping and they arrived two days after i placed my order which was great so that i could complete my sons wardrobe for his birthday party! they were in good condition and authenic timberland quality!!! i would highly reccomend this seller to someone else!
B000073TM3 AMAZING Looks just as I thought it would. The sizing is acurate no problems with shipping or anything! I love them. And now I know a great way to purchase shoes without the holiday hassle
B000073TM3 Questionable I question if they are genuine Timberland products, just a little iffy because they were so cheap but i guess the quality is right
B000073TM3 my nephew speedy shipping, package arrived before estimated time of delivery.gladly do business  with seller again any day of the week.
B00009WM7J so good Do you like it there tooPurtyI recommend buying a size smallerYou're so beautiful be so reported every dayThe repurchase desire springing
B00009WM7J Classics! No review necessary. They are wheat timbs. The quality n look of these boots from Timberland speak for themselves.  :)
B00009WM7J great buy price  and boots great thanks please email me with items like that im a single father and cant afford to pay regulor prices thanks
B00009WM7J I like I love them, they came earlier than i thought , so I got to wear a week earlier to a party
B00009WM7J love these children tims fit perfectly, I wear a size 6.5 women and i purchased a 4.5 childrens and it fits perfectly. Also know that children sizes compare with women sizes...
B00009WM7J Fall Staple For the past few fall seasons I have been unable to find these in the stores in my size. I was happy to order these from amazon for such a reasonable price. These are a fall must have!
B00009WM7J IF YOU SMELL A STRONG CHEMICAL  ODOR  THAT IS ONE OF THE SIGNS THAT THE TIMBERLANDS ARE NOT AUTHENTIC!!!! [[ASIN:B00B20JM1K Timberland 6 Inch Premium Scuff Proof Boot (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)]**************PLEASE READ***************PLEASE DON'T ORDER ANY TIMBERLAND'S BOOTS FROM THIS SELLER!!!!! THEY ARE NOT AUTHENTIC. I ORDER A BIG KID 6.5M & THE BOX IT CAME IN SAID "INFANTS" WHICH WAS SPELLED WRONG.  THE SELLER STATED THE BOOTS WERE BEING SHIPPED FROM HERE IN NEW JERSEY. THAT TURNED OUT NOT TO BE TRUE. THE PACKAGE CAME FROM SHEPHERDVILLE, KY 40165.I OPENED THE BOX & A STRONG CHEMICAL SMELL CAME FROM IT. THE SMELL WAS SO BAD; I HAD TO LEAVE IT ON THE PORCH. WHEN I INSPECTED THE BOOTS I NOTICED THE BOOTS WERE MADE IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.  THEY HAD HARD MELTED PLASTIC IN THE INSIDE.I REACHED OUT TO THE COUNTERFEIT AT TIMBERLAND AND RECEIVED THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION.********BUYER'S BEWARE*******Customer Service Reporting Counterfeit / Fake ProductIf you suspect a location or website is offering counterfeit Timberland branded products, report it to counterfeit@timberland.com.Actions We Are Taking.Timberland takes the issue of counterfeiting very seriously. We have an intensive global Anti-Counterfeiting Enforcement Program to fight this ongoing problem. Below are some of the actions we are taking.Timberland works closely with various government and enforcement agencies worldwide, including Customs, police departments, consumer protection agencies, Trading Standards, FBI, the US Department of Homeland Security, US Immigration, Customs Enforcement and more.Timberland employs over 100 different law firms and investigation agencies worldwide for the purpose of protecting the Timberland brand.Timberland participates in numerous training sessions to educate the various government and enforcement agencies on how to distinguish genuine Timberland branded products from counterfeit items.What You Can Do.Educate yourself. Protect yourself. Take action.****** Be aware of product quality. Genuine Timberland branded products are held to high quality standards related to materials, production, performance and chemical use. Counterfeit products will have defects, strong chemical odors, labels with unknown images or names, etc.***********If a deal seems too good to be true, it probably is.
B00009WM7J Expensive; runs large Bought these for my 9 year old nephew as they are the rage! I ordered the size my sister told me to buy but they are large on my nephew. I think they are over-priced for what they are, but that is fashion and supply and demand.
B00009WM7J Adorable I thought this was too good to be true especially for the price but they are in fact authentic Timberlands for a great price. The are so adorable
B00009WM7J great shoes Ordered for himself these shoes. I have a foot on the insole length 25 cm Order size 7C BIG KID was written 24,8 cm When they arrived, they were more inside on the insole, they were 25.5 cm For me, it is sensitive!
B00009WM7J Happy Customer My Grandson loves his timberland boots. I have never seen a child get so excited over a pair of boots. He was esstatic over these he had to put them on right away.Thanks they made my ChristmasHis Grandma
B00009WM7J Loves It My neice stated that the boots are what she expected them to be and they fit just right. she is excited about them and I want to thank you for your service.
B00009WM7J Whoa I'm a size 8 1/2 in womans and I'm in love with these great fashion statement. Keeps my feet warmm
B00009WMIH Retraction I am providing an update to a negative experience I expressed in a previous review about this vendor.  The vendor called me today to discuss my concerns.  After our discussions, I felt extremely satisfied, that he is truly focused on his customers and provides a quality service.  My situation was rectified and I am extremely satisfied and would not hesitate to order again from this vendor.  It is wonderful to still have people who care about their product, reputation and their customer base
B0000AFSX4 Great for my Grands! These were for my 3 year old grandson! They fit & look wonderful!! I love these boots, I bought two more pair for my 2yr old twin grandchildren (boy & girl)!
B0000AFSX4 Satisfied Fits good look great exceeded my expectations my 4 yr old loves them hopefully they are durable and can last him a while
B0000AFSX4 Premium 6''timberland boots (toddler) I ordered these boots for my son they took the money off my card & everything. I was receiving emails saying that there was an error trying to send them,so I cancelled the order & the money is not back on my card & its been going on 2 weeks I called my credit card company & they said it should be 3-5 business I would like my money back.
B0000AFSX4 Quick Came quick on a Sunday wasn't expecting until Tues ! Fit perfect nice classic boot hopefully I'll receive my oldest daughters just as quick
B0000AFSX4 I did not want these shoes This is not my custom&#12290;Just add to cart&#12290;And did not notice it myself CheckoutI did not want these shoes&#12290;
B0000AFSX4 kia k i Searched For A Girl Timberland And Got This Shoe I Brought It In A Size 9 Come To Find Out That This Is A Boys Boot So I'll Be Ordering Another Pair In A Boys 7 So It Will A Girl 9
B0000AFSX4 I GIVE IT 5 STARS LOVED THIS BOOT FOR MY LIL GIRL! A STEEL FOR THE PRICE AND AMAZON IS THE TRUTH.. VERY MUCH SATISFIED CUSTOMER THANKS AGAIN
B0000AFSX4 Ehhh I thought it was for like juniors but no it's for babies . At least I got my money bak
B0000AFSX4 great I was kind of skeptical of buying off of amazon because i thought they weren't going to be authentic. but sure enough they are the real deal
B0000AFSX4 I have a question please I'm 17 and wear 37 in Europe so 6 in US size. Are these boots suitable for me or are they only for kids?
B0000AFSX4 My nephew... ...LOVED his new boots for Christmas.  It took a hammer and chisel to get him out of the mirror.  Highly recommended.
B0000AFSX4 mistaken size hii didnt noticed that todler is for small childreni though size 8w is 8 for womanso i needed to cancle the orderthanksfreund ofer
B0000AFSX4 Good deal I got the boots for my grandson. They look and they are just what I was expecting.  The only problem is I think the material is to hard.  My grandson always complain that they hurt.  We now is the right size and with and we are using the right socks to go with that kind of boots.  For little sensitive feet they should be more flexible. Other than that I will say that I own a pair of timberland boot and I been very satisfy with them but for the little ones they are having a little hard time. Oh going further need to mention that the price was right!!
B0000AFSYY hello The shoes fit just fine and there great. I'll be purchasing the black ones next. Thank you so much :)
B0000AFSYY 5 year old likes them We bought these for our 5 year old but our 4 year old wanted the Merrell Chameleon in Wineberry.  I have to say the Merrells look more comfortable as they're not as stiff, have a padded tongue, and fuller padding around the ankle.  That all being said, the 5 year old loves these... because they're pink.  The laces are difficult to tie as they are so slippery and tend to loosen up before you can get a good bow tied, especially for a young one just learning to tie.  They are competent boots, which were hard to find for little girls.  We used them on short hikes in a state park and they performed acceptably.  Cannot comment on their waterproofness as we did not tromp through any water.  If you have a little princess with her heart set on pink and a need for waffle-stompers, these will work.
B0000AFSYY i would recommend this to all my friends this was one of my best buys it is comfortable and fits perfectly. i will definitely tell my friends about it
B0000AT8CK Love the Timberland trend These are okay.I have a trick that I do to make my foot APPEAR smaller.Im a size 9 in women.So I get men sizes, 6 or 6.5But I just did the women 9 with these.I like them alot. but.THEY ARE HEAVY AS HELL.I hate spending the night over a friends, and I have a dress I want to wear these with ( yes a dress, it gives such an edge to a tight dress)But yeah, I hate carrying these in a bag, they are so heavy.Also I have to wear these with REALLY REALLY THIN SOCKS.They are very hard to get on.Especially because half of the tounge does not lift.So they are difficult, but so bomb
B0000AT8CK So far so good I only gave it a four star because I haven't used it for up to a month, so we'll see. But I love the boots. They arrived on time well packaged, no doubt about the authenticity whatsoever. I'd recommend them.
B0000AT8CK Just luv it&#65281; Exactly what I want,much cheaper than here in China,save me about 1000RMB(160USD)!! Very comfortable,highly recommended! IF u  r an asian like me ,I suggest u choose W.
B0000AT8CK Just like I expected These boots are great once you break them in. The ankle section is a hassle at first, but after a few wears it's okay.
B0000AT8CK Cheap version very bad quality, the leather at the top just ripped when getting in to the shoes and they gave me the most awful blisters I ever had in my life. I thought I was buying timberlands in the sam quality again, but thoese are just a cheap.
B0000AT8CK it's not ok it's too large ,and the left one is fater than the right,i have give it to someone needs it,i can't weat it
B0000DFAXV love ma tims Lovem!! :) rockdem the other day n I was lookn cute especially with my Burberry scarf they went so welk together
B0000DFAXV Timberland Pink Boot I love these shoes!!!!! I wore them to work with a pair of jeans, and a pink short blazer on casual Friday and received a lot of compliments on the look.  With Timberland boots, it is a good idea to spray them with scotch guard before the first wear.
B0000DFAXV Great Hi,I've been wanting to get some Timberland boots for a while & finally! I found one for a great price.  I got it with a coupon promo code.  =)  they were a little hard to put on but i guess that's cause they need to be worn in a little which is good!  Means its brand new =)  Also it seemed to be glued to the rubber soul / bottom a little weird.  It didn't look completely sealed but it seems good enough to wear.  If it rips or leaks in water or something... I will update this report & have to complain to the company!But i love them so far! =)  Fits my feet perfectly, I am a 6.5 & the 6.5 fits great.
B0000DFAXV Love 'em but they need some adjustment I have always loved my Timberland low cut work shoes, so when I saw this model I ordered it.  It is presently in the shoe shop being cut down on the sides to better fit  my outside ankles.  I would suggest that the rise on this model be posted on the advertisement.
B0000DFAXV Pretty good. Breaking in boots is no fun so I had some bruising around my ankles from the tongue being to firm. Other that that I love them.
B0000DFAXV love hate relationship Really liked the shoes but they rubbed the side of my foot even though I ordered the c/d width returning them
B0000DFAXV One happy girl! When my grand daughter went shopping with my husband, she wanted to be practical.  And she wanted pink boots.  They went to many stores but no one in our area, except farm stores carry Timberland any more.  And no one carried pink.  We went online and found the boots she wanted .  It took a while to get them; longer than expected, but in the end, she was so excited she posted a picture of her boots on Facebook.  I guess it was a very good Christmas after all!
B0000DFAXV Late Mother's Day I got them for my mom, my mom loves them, in the past 2 weeks this is my 4 pair of timberland boots I buy because I want to share the love
B0000DFAXV Awful fit! I ordered these shoes wanting a lightweight, yet sturdy winter boot.  I put them on and immediately knew they would be excruciatingly uncomfortable.  The ankle portion was not flexible or molded to the shape of an ankle; instead it was hard and topped by a rubber-like band that immediately dug into my ankles. Not at all what I needed!
B0000DFAXV I love my boots! I've received tons of compliments wearing this boot! I bought mine in my usual size 9s, but I did go to the store to try them out.Do remember that shoes become looser after breaking them in, so if it's slightly tighter at the beginning, don't worry, it'll eventually stretch out. Just make sure it isn't too tight till it hurts!
B0000DFAXV Not the one in the picture Just mad...I ordered these and it was a totally different picture.Now they want me to send them back, and I have to pay for s/h again.Not, I'll find someone else to buy them when I reach the states againI don't have time to go the PO to send them back.
B0000DFAXV The worst service I have ever gotten! I ordered from the company.  I received an email stating they did not have this item in the size I requested.  Then I ordered in another size.  The was a little more than a week before Christmas.  We sent several emails to you with no response. They said that they didn't get a chance to update there merchandise.  You should NEVER advertise that a product being there and accept an order and then nothing.  This is the day before Christmas and my daughter asked for only one thing and that was the boots that you or by the way, we forgot to update our inventory.... don't have!  Thanks for nothing and Amazon, if you continue to work with companies like this, you can forget doing business with us too.  Thanks for making my daughters Christmas bright!
B0001CNJ9Q Baby Tims These are good winter booties for baby girls.  The only negative is that the material gets dirty quickly and is not easy to clean.  Other that that, I thought they were great.
B0001CNJ9Q Good buy I gifted this to my cousin for her baby boy and she loved it. The shoes were really cute and the hat was nice as well. Fast shipping. My order arrived 4 days sooner than expected! I Highly recommend this seller
B0001CNJ9Q did not like the hat did not like the hat, was cheap cotton with no  elasticity to keep hat on, should have used soft fleece, shoes were amazing, maybe they should leave the hat out.
B0001CNJ9Q timberlands infant they are too big for my baby. Can i send them back if she didn't wear them yet please and thank you.
B0001CNJ9Q gurl they dont fit anymore but did when we got them, they look good hanging from the rear veiw window.. id say timberland put as much effort into these as the did the 6 pair's daddys got..
B0001CNJ9Q good Ok is very good, excelent, ok ok o k ok ok o ko k ok o ko k ok o k
B0007T4IGG I don't have a f$#@ to give, i've been moving state-to-state, in my leather and my tims like its 1998...... Drake Love my new boots. Think of this rhyme now every time I sport my boots. Highly recommended product. Thank you.
B0007T4IGG love em Little bit stiff for a while, but as most boots you gotta wear them in. If you get the basic black leather you'll actually want to get em dirty. Ive wore them a lot and water and dirt just slides off of em
B0007T4IGG A good classic well built boot I'm quite happy with the boot. It has a classic look suitable for wearing in the office but durable enough for working in the yard or traversing the snow and muck laden parking lot  (which in new England is a must). They are clearly well constructed and I like that their tread is not so overly aggressive that you cannot clear them easily before walking in the house.I purchased mine a 1/2 size smaller than my typical size as I had read Timberland's run slightly large. I'm very glad I did so as these fit perfectly.I've only been wearing them a week so I cannot speak to there long term durability. However, I do plan to wear them as my everyday shoe (I like to keep things simple) so I will post back in 6 months or so.
B0007T4IGG Perfect Original brand new Timberland.Boots are very confortable, as usual with TimberlandConfortable and cheapest priceI'm Very satisfied and I can suggest this purchaseVery fast shipping also
B0007T4IGG bought for daughter My daughter wanted them for school.  They are well made and fit as stated.  we got a decent price and got  quick speed on delivery. I would reccommend these boots to anyone in the work field.
B0007T64VI My first pair of Tims did not disappoint I moved from the south to the artic midwest and these boots have held up beautifully through the harsh winter conditions up here. They fit a bit smaller than I expected but they loosened up after wearing them a bit. Durable in any weather and comfy, 10/10 would highly recommend.
B0007T64VI love! These boots are amazing. I've wanted some for forever and I couldn't wait to have them shipped! The size is just a hair too loose, but I think that's how boots are supposed to fit. Got my man a matching pair. I look forward to making lots of memories with these shoes.
B00097A6JO It is ok! This coat is VERY warm and good looking. However, something does not look right around the waist line, TOO big compared to the rest!!!
B00097A6JO Great, stylish jacket I love this, and for the price paid it couldn't be beat!  I constantly get comments on how much people like this jacket.  The leather is soft and very sleek looking.  The removable liner makes it warmer, but even without it is quite warm.  I would recommend this to anyone in the market for a great looking jacket!
B0009FCEX2 Excellent Spring/Fall Jacket We'll worth the discounted price. Genuine Article in a Dark Brown with Brown Leather collar. Very satisfied. At full price, I would have bought a Made in USA Filson.
B000AKVA6I Well built. Too heavy. I thought that the sole and foot coverings were heavy and uncomfortable compared to other wellingtons I have owned. I also thought these were regular toed boots not steel toes......must have missed that in the description. I've been buying the John Deere wellingtons. I'm on my third pair. They have got to be the most comfortable wellingtons out there.
B000AKVA6I Comfortable pretty much right out of the box I wear these on inspection tours of oil & gas and chemical plant.  They also look fine with business casual attire once the inspection is complete.  They fit me snugly, and I got hotspots on my heels the first day, but nothing a little moleskin wouldn't fix until they were entirely broken in -- which was practically the second time I wore them.  Goos materials, good construction.  May be a bit heavy for some folks, but they have a very substantial sole which is important for the environment in which I work.  Highly recommended.
B000AKVA6I choking throat Very tight in the lower throat good thing they have boot straps never would have got them on. Once on however they fit nicely and were quite comfy. Well see how they wear after a couple of weeks in the field.
B000AKVA6I Uncomfortable! Hard to get on and tight around the heel. Construction is tough but rough looking.  May fit others better.  I have big feet which may be the problem.
B000AKVA6I Seam Rubs Ya Raw Overall this boot seems too be constructed with good materials.  However the sewn together seam with the coarse thread will rub your lower legs raw.  I attempted too wear longer socks too minimize the abrasion on my lower legs, but as soon as the socks worked their way down, the coarse thread they used too sew the upper boot together was back rubbing me raw.  Promptly sent them back too Amazon.
B000AKVA6I Scuff up the floor These boots look good, seem well made and fit alright, not perfect, but certainly close enough to size that I would have kept them. The problem I found is that the sole scuffs up wood floors. I'm a cabinet maker and am in client's houses a good deal and a boot that leaves marks behind, with very little effort, is just a headache. So I sent them back.
B000AKVA6I Great for Work and Dress Love these boots.  Took some time to break in, but fit as expected and are super comfortable.  Walked a large neighborhood for Halloween with the kids and miles while tailgating with no issues.
B000AKVBFI Great Sad that Timberland is discontinuing them.  This is my forth pair and I usually get about a year of weekend work with them.  Amazon had two left in my size and I got one.  I almost bought both pairs, but figured I just need to find replacement.
B000AKVBFI One major design flaw ruins an otherwise decent shoe. They are still kind of in the break-in phase, but the first thing I notice about these shoes is that there is little to no padding, or even a notch, at the top of the heal.  Just kind of a neoprene piece with a rolled edge.  This causes them to put a bit too much pressure on your achilles tendon, which tends to be irritating and uncomfortable.  Other than that, and a bit of an occasional squeak when walking, they are a decent, comfortable shoe so far.  I have been buying the Timberland PRO Gorge shoes for a few years, and I really like those.  The fit is very similar, but those are Electro-Static Dissapative, and this time I was looking for something with Electrical Hazard Protection.  I think if they addressed the issue in the upper heal area, they would be great shoes.
B000B2G1MI Great lookers! Shoes look like they could take a bit of abuse, which is exactly what I am looking for. Thanks! :)
B000B2G1MI Good looking, what you see is what you get I  like the fact that while my kid is undersize, he finds this hiker  to his liking in regards to moving about plus, its pretty stylish,
B000B2HQ5O very good This is a very cool shoes. I can not buy my child and I am sure the water and mud of influence .. I recommend everyone to buy .. Very cool brand of timberland
B000B2HQ5O How can we change this model which is very small First sincerely need to know as we can arrange a change because the model they buy is very small and need that same model but is size 9 which are models for TODDLER'S / PETITS for any other information these are my emails ratz.boy @ gmail.com, @ hotmail.com ratz.boy
B000B2HQ5O Seem ok They fit a bit large. Went hiking and there were complaints about feet being sore.Will try hiking again to see if they only needed to be broken in.
B000B2HQ7M Never showed-up... I was rather disappointed.  I ordered the boots and I thought the transaction had gone through, until the next day when I got an email notifying me that the order had been canceled due to lack of inventory... not impressed.
B000BB15ZC AWSOME Very Satisfied! I have tried many brands of boots throughout my employment career, which boots are required for this job. These boot have met all my expectations. I am very satisfied and happy to say that I will order more in the very near future!
B000BB15ZC MY VIEW ABOUT CHOCORUA GORE_TEX MY VIEW ABOUT CHOCORUA GORE_TEXVery comfortable and warm.  In addition a good looking format. The price adequate and the way of buying very easy.
B000BB15ZC Limited sizes available. I'd buy a pair if they offered them in my size = 8.5.  Unfortunately, it seems that most colors don't have 8.5.
B000BB15ZC Love them and the price is right These have suited my needs wonderfully so far. I&#8217;m on my feet all day hiking over many different terrains in 9 hours on the job. I don&#8217;t have to worry about odor or sweat, and they&#8217;re comfortable and not constricting. Gonna have these bad boys for a good while!
B000BB15ZC PERFECT FOR JAMBOREE Got them for my son for Boy Scout National Jamboree & he's already loving them!  Comfortable, not too heavy, & just what he wanted
B000BB15ZC Put through the paces I did 22 miles in these through some pretty rough Indiana knobs. They are tough as nails, and pretty lightweight for what you're getting. My feet are particularly vulnerable to overpronation on uneven surfaces. Also, I'm a habitual ankle-twister. I didn't have a problem with either one on the hike. I went through a bunch of streams in these things, no moisture got through the Goretex whatsoever. Great boot, even with price aside.
B000BB15ZC Timberland Men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker My husband love his Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker. He mention that its feels great no too tight just right and he's a hard pleaser, so Five Star wear.
B000BB15ZC Timberland men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker - Noir Bought these for my son for Christmas...he's 25 and wanted a pair of Gore-Tex boots.  He was very happy with them and expressed that he wished he could wear them all year long!
B000BB15ZC Great fittng, but design flawed I have had two pairs of these . They fit great , are light weight, and tractible .Gore-Tex is truly waterproof; waterproofed leathers aren't. The problem I've had with walking three or so miles a day is the fabric insert .Although these are stitched well , the fabric is cut short and not folded over and hemmed when sewn into the leather , so after several weeks the fabric becomes internally frayed and pulls out of the leather through the stitching on both pairs ; so I know it wasn't just  a fault with the first pair .That's too bad , because I really like the fit and comfort.There is a similar shoe with leather sides and no fabric -but they aren't Gore-Tex.
B000BB15ZC It's OK to sb no matter the reason,sb. liked it.And just fit for his feet.maybe someday I will buy one pair for myself in the future.
B000BB15ZC One more! This is my second Chocorua boot, the other one is brown.I wear every day at work, to ride my motorcycle and for outdoor leisure.Love it! Totally recommend it.
B000BB15ZC great shoes! i was  gonna pick up some nike acg, for some reason fed ex shipped the package back, they never came to my house and drop them off, and the money was refunded, i came accross these and i decided i wanna give these a try, shoes are very very comfrontable, acg like to say they often remind me of the hi tek boot from way in the day, i must say they are very good shoes, my only only problem you wil have is the the two hooks on the boots, your gonna have to tie very right to keep the laces from loosen a lot, but you will get the hang of it.
B000BB15ZC eyelits for laces break often, lost the first one after 10 days of normal ware and the second a month after that good fit though
B000BB15ZC Fit and quality as expected Very much pleased with the overall experience.  I was a little nervous ordering shoes online, but everything worked out great
B000BB15ZC Gortex boots Quick turn around on the order.  They are exactly what I wanted.  They fit perfectly and are very comfortable.  Thanks.
B000BB15ZC Broken after first wear We chose this item because of its reputation for quality. However, some of the eyelets broke after the first wear! We're returning the item.
B000BB15ZC Previously Owned I previously owned this same boot so it was a no brainer to buy it again. Long life and perform as expected. I have nothing bad to say.
B000BB15ZC Great boot, crap laces Boot fits great and seems plenty durable.The laces are kind of like laces in a cloth sleeve.  They're fine now, but having owned these boots before I know that within about 2 months they'll start to shred.  Once the cloth lining yanks off, the regular lace core works really well, but there's no reason we couldn't have simply started with the core.
B000BB15ZC Not a bad buy if the discount is steep I bought this because it seemed like a steal at the price. I'm sure there are better designed hiking boots out there but this is good value for money. Quality of leather is good and the sole has great traction. I hate the shoelace design, the way they have hooks instead of holes. Rather hard to lace up especially if you have slender ankles and you want to lace up your shoes tight. Feels like the shoe doesn't hug my feet very well. Haven't tested its weather proof qualities yet but it's warm. For a light weight shoe, it has a tough don't-mess-with-me look, which is great.
B000BB15ZC Garbage Didnt buy these on amazon but they barely lasted a year.  Now I'm searching for a new boot. The outer leather wore way too quick and the inside lining detached around the toes on one of the shoes.
B000BB15ZC Terrible DO NOT BUY I used a pair of these boots for one month and they where all torn. The shoe laces the side were getting ripped, just a terrible product.If you walk on anything other than street I would stay away from this model. I emailed Timberland and sent them pictures and they said that they could not help me.I am not saying that Timberland is all bad. I bought a different type and thay are good but not this one.STAY AWAY.
B000BFIHVS High Quality, reasonable price! At the price I paid, ($54 including shipping ) one of the best values I've gotten in foot ware in a long time.
B000BFIHVS Not bad a couple defects Good boots, bought them becuse I thought I would need them for a driving job. They looked new except for  scratches along the sides. Not a boot to wear outside of working, but practical to say the least.
B000BFIHVS best boots high cuality The first time i put them on it felt like a confortable bootI recomend to all that travelsvery amaizing bootsvery good looking
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot I bought those boots in December 2008 and was very disappointed by quality. I did not like that shoe-tongue made from nylon and it can be ripped off easy.  Second my feet were sweating and when temperature get below 32 F it was cold to wear. And they are hard not soft.I always liked Timberland brand but those shoe "Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot" can be made better.
B000BFIHVS nice style, construction, weight, price Nice boots -- well made, and very lightweight. Haven't had a chance to test the "waterproofiness" yet, but will update this review if I find a problem. My only (minor) criticism: I wish the tongue were fully gusseted, to increase the ability to keep out water -- but since I'll be mostly walking in the rain, not wading through streams, this isn't a biggie.Note on sizing: For the past 15 years, I've worn boots only from Columbia Sportswear and Nike. In those brands, I take a 9.5, but in this boot a 9.5 was too big, and a 9.0 is perfect. I strongly suspect that Columbia/Nike sizing runs small, and Timberland's is right on -- but I don't have enough experience with other brands to guarantee that. Also, the Timberlands are wider than Columbia/Nike. For most people, again, I think the Timberland is considered "normal," and Columbia/Nike are narrow.Update 1 week later: Well, after a week's use, one of the D-rings came apart -- and I wasn't doing anything weird or extreme to cause this. I still like the boots, and an exchange or refund with Amazon is easy, but that failure after only a week is a concern; I may go back to the Columbia brand (even though I've only been getting a year's life out of those).
B000BFIHVS So Great I'm on my second pair of these because they're so frickin' awesome. SOOOOO comfortable. Like walking on a cloud to me... And they're DURABLE. I get so sick of cheap CRAP from China these days! When you find a brand that does it right still it is a rare find. These guy do it right: Comfort, affordability AND high quality. Customer for life.
B000BFIHVS I like it OK
B000BFIHVS Very satisfied My 1st Timberland boots, it&#8217;s the cheapest one when on sale, so I gave it a try. Well-made and waterproof, warm and sturdy. May not look as attractive as other Timberland boots, but functions the same. Recommend to everybody when it&#8217;s on sale.
B000BFIHVS COMFORT SUPREME This is my first ever pair of footwear that I have not had to buy a comfort insole for. The insole is perfect nothing extra needed! Never been more satisfied, very comfortable.
B000BFIHVS It's somewhat large for me. I like it .It's heavy.Some scratches above the shoe .I do not know whether it is new, also like refurbished.
B000BFIHVS poor construction I wore these boots one day to work and on the second morning when tying the right boot the grommet at the mid stress point just popped out.  I had a pair of hiking boots in the 70's as a Boy Scout that did the same thing. After a couple of returned pairs my parents moved on to something else.  I will be doing the same.  You would think that any shoe mfg would know that a 1/8 inch rivet through the outer leather upper will not hold.  The two upper loop/grommets do go through the entire thickness of the upper and have substantial heads.
B000BFIHVS Not built for hard wear Despite the title I did not purchase these with the thought of using them for heavy duty work, but the boot suffered under reasonable moderate to light usage.  Toe piece began to separate and the tread wore unevenly.
B000BFIHVS not the correct size I have been wearing Timberland 9.5M boots for the last 15 years. I tried the White Ledge boots on in a store, I liked them but was unsure about the amount of venting with the Gortex. after looking in several other stores I realized that the white ledge was probably the better boot. I checked with Amazon and through a authorized dealer (campmor) I ordered the 9.5M white ledge . I wore them for about two hours and they about killed my feet, I could not get them off fast enough. when the boots flexed in a stride it clamped down on my toes like a vise. I returned them, but I had to pay the shipping $8.95, Campmor refunded the purshase price with no problem and sent a postcard apologising for the problem.
B000BFIHVS as expected Boot is lightweight and comfortable, at least for short walks and periods of time.Need more time to rate higher. I always seem to be disappointed with products made in China. They look good when new but fade quickly.
B000BFIHVS It's a fine boot. I was disappoited that it, too (like so many other brand names) is made in China! It fits well. I like the boot just fine. I wish that Timberland was still made in America, I'm a product of losing my job to exported labor and hate to see good companies turn to slave labor just to save money! It's a damn shame!
B000BFIHVS Its comfy. I like it and fit as expected, I wonder whats the difference between the Chocorua and White ledge as the other says waterproof and other says Goretex (Chocorua). But the 2 looks the same.
B000BFIHVS Thanks More than i expected, i'm usig them for camping and somtimes in the city and it's nice to walk, thanks
B000BFIHVS Comfortable and Lightweight The boots are comfortable and light weight. The only thing I would change is the tongue, it tends to bunch on the side.
B000BFIHVS Too much pressure from the laces on my instep These boots were hard for me to tighten enough without feeling like I was doing damage to the bones in the top of my foot, but was too loose if I didn't tighten that tight. Maybe I ordered a half size to large, but that was to account for feet swelling during hikes. Boots felt great on flat surface, but my feet move around too much on ascents/descents.
B000BFIHVS These Boots are Made for Working/Walking I bought these for a friend of mine who has to wear boots everyday and he just loves them. He can wear them without bothering his bad foot and seems to help when walking on hard floors or cement, the padding on the inside softens the blows from the shock to his knees.
B000BFIHVS Well made. butwide Welll made and comfortable but width seems wider than medium. Easy to put on and lace up&#8230;Would reccomend to anyone&#8230;.
B000BFIHVS Mikey likes it! I am an insurance appraiser, so I spend a lot of time on various types of terrain (dirt, pavement, concrete, roofs, etc...). These puppies have not let me down. Comfortable like a shoe but with wonderful ankle support, warm but not sauna-like, waterproof as advertised.  Mine are starting to wear out a bit, so it looks to be time for another pair!
B000BFIHVS Ledge Boot My 4th pair of Timberline boots.  Pleased with them so far though I haven't worn them much.  Fit well.  Easy to get on and lace up.  Like the finger loop in the rear.  Not too crazy about the finish.  Makes them hard to polish.  Not quite as comfortable as the  Pros.
B000BFIHVS Wonderful I bought these for my grandson. He loves them. They fit true to size. He thinks they're so cool he wants to wear them to school. I would buy these again and probably will soon for my older grandson if he wants a pair.
B000BFIHVS Europe Trip I used these Tims on a trip I took to Europe in the Winter of 2013, I did lots of walking around Italy, France and Spain. I used these shoes the entire trip. They look good no matter what you are wearing and the are very comfortable too. Anyhow I would highly recommend these to anyone.
B000BFIHVS Will be fully testing soon... So far, I have only used this to brave the so-called polar vortex of 2014; I will be hiking in southern West Virginia very soon.  I anticipate this boot will do well.  It is very well insulated and sturdy.  It took a while to break in walking around but I suspect this will do well over the rocky terrain of Spruce Knob.  I got this to simply be able to avoid wearing shoes while hiking the Monongahela National Forest and for the needed ankle support that the trails there require.  This does the job so far, though the fuller testing will happen in about a month.I can recommend this to people who do not expect to be hiking the Appalachian Trail, but perhaps some overnight hikes in reasonable terrain.
B000BFIHVS design error as the skin is cured in oil, the boots are entire sole detachment. was necessary to send them to sew.
B000BFIHVS Nice quality It's difficult buying some things online, and shoes are one of them. They are just one of those things you have to try on unless you know your exact sizing. The width sizing gave me an issue- it was one size too small. But this isn't the fault of the provider. It's just a pain because most retail stores don't have wide sizes, so I had no idea which one to get.But the part of the shoe above the toes seems to be really narrow and presses down. Not too much to where it hurts, but you can certainly feel it. Decided to keep them, and see if it's just a matter of wearing them in.
B000BFIHVS It is great! I never thought it could fit me so well.It's light, my ankles are protected, I'll try them in countryside later.
B000BFIHVS Eyelets dug into my foot ...... I was really disappointed with these Timberland's.  Bought generally on name / past experience.  When I tightened them up -- eyelets dug into my foot making for an uncomfortable feel.  Tried locally, a smaller size -- same thing.  I'm shocked that what they (general) and pushing off as 'winter boots' lately -- all cloth.  That's crazy for the snow.  I appreciate trying to get lightweight, but cloth is useless.  I liked these because the leather uppers and good looks.  Just a bad design.  Returned them and still looking.  Fogdog shipped quickly & promptly.
B000BFIHVS Beats My Expectations in every way!! I am looking forward to many great walks ands treks wearing these shoes. I can't wait to try them out hiking, or hunting something appropriate.Excellent quality, and they good to handle and to the touch//A REAL CONFIDENCE BUILDER!!I ordered 3 pairs of hiking socks, size 10.5 medium//I received the 3 pairs of hiking sock in 9.5 medium//they will work, but they are a little snug//I tried them on: a tight fit.
B000BFIHVS Smooth as Silk Fan of timberland and this boot speaks for itself. Very comfortable, yet durable and fashionable too. Cozy right out of the box and never had any problem with it so far. Buy with confidence.
B000BFIHVS No pain for my Overpronated foots I got those awesome pair 3 days ago, and man, these are the most comfortable pair I've ever owned. Period!I have a very pronated flat foots, and believe me, I walked for 5 hours all over manhattan for two days and no pain what so ever. Not even my medical shoes can give me this comfortable feeling.Thanks Timberland!
B000BFIHVS Good value/quality product These are the best Timberland boots for general wear. Great for casual days, lite work or hiking. I've owned several pairs. Few people know that Timberland will mail you free replacement laces for the life of the boot....just call their toll free number and new laces are shipped at no charge. :-)
B000BFIHVS hiking boots I was looking for something on a cheap price when I found this. I was a little torn between price and function. I was a little disapointed at the price on amazon not showing shipping & tax until late. I'm not taking a star for that but I will look closer down the road. as for comfort and stile they are way cool. shipping was very fast.
B000BFIHVS "Bootacular" according to my husband These were put into service right as this season's blizzard, polar vortex, and subsequent melt/puddlefest descended upon Chicago.  The boots, after an initial mink oil treatment, kept him warm, dry, and happy.  High marks.Used both traveling to/from the office and out in the field on a construction site.Purchased with Sof Sole Mink Oil, 3.5-Ounce to keep them waterproof - also highly recommended.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable Right Out of the Box I was truly surprised and delighted with how comfortable these boots were from the first time I put them on. As one who enjoys landscape photography, I often encounter not so friendly terrain when trying to position myself for the best shot. My Timberland White Ledge boots seemed to grab the ground as I negotiated several slopes without the slipping and sliding I had come to expect from my previous foot-ware. In addition to their comfort and excellent traction, I am impressed with their light weight and with their ankle support. I highly recommend this boot to any who want to get off the nature trails and explore a bit.
B000BFIHVS Waste of cash I've bought these for years at another retailer without any problems.  Working on concrete, I've had issues finding the right support but these always did the job.  Unfortunately, this time around I wasn't so happy.  After a short time, the shoes had an annoying squeak with every step, the shoes made my feet smell like sour milk, and the leather stretched out quite a bit.  I may buy another pair elsewhere where I can try them out even though it'll cost an extra $20.  I'd rather spend an extra $20 than be out $70 and dissatisfied.
B000BFIHVS Overseas junk,inferior componets, more profit Imade a couple of mistakes buying these hikers-first I didn't look too closely at the construction, believing I was buying a qualty product because of it's former reputation. In exactly .47 miles, according to my Garmin GPS, I felt my boot loosen, the laces were loose--the grommet pulled completly out of the punched hole in the leather. The grommet ring on the underside was 1/8" in diameter, of course it pulled through.These grommets are of course cheaper and look fairly good from the outside, so they sacrificed quality for more profit. The boot it's self was made in Vietnam, and is a good looking boot; but if you want to take a little hike through low-bush blueberries, better buy something made in America. The second mistake was buying these from a store that tried not to refund my money, but offered to give me another pair of these clunkers, like they may last for an entire 1/2 mile. This was the Shoe Store in the Nittany Mall State College Pa. I'll NEVER have anything to do with either again.Joseph R. Eckley
B000BFIHVS No Surprises Previously owned hiking boots from Timberland so I'm sure I won't be disappointed. We just had a storm so I'll wear them to work tomorrow.
B000BFIHVS Very poor quality These boots are very poor quality and not the standard for this manufacturer.  No wonder the price was discounted. They are no what was promised in the ad.
B000BFIHVS Wonderful Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI din`t have any more space in my luggage for at least 3 more, I do recommend.
B000BFIHVS Super-comfortable boots: great for hiking I've used these to get to Autana's Mountain as soon as i got them and were too comfortable,though people told me not to wear new shoes in that expedition
B000BFIHVS Timberland rocks again Fit just like they should. They are comfortable and are everything timberland is supposed to be. Would tell anyone to buy them.
B000BFIHVS nice boot it is cozy&#12289;warm&#12289; long lasting &#12289;not expensive and good looking boots.I'm very happy with my choice. it is for my husband.
B000BFIHVS Bought for my dad I bought this item for my dad because he needed some new shoes. I think that he really liked them and since he works in construction, he it fit his purpose. They are still in good condition after the unrelenting beating that my dad puts them through. Great! I would definitely recommend this to other people!
B000BFIHVS Complete satisfaction! Once again I proved that you can never go wrong with Timberland, they are exactly what I expected. Love them!
B000BFIHVS Happy Camper A better buy than Cabella's. A very short and painless break-in period. I may get some insoles for better comfort for those standing times.
B000BFIHVS Timberland for life! I have been a Timberland fanatic for quite some time, 4 pairs of boots, 1 pair of shoes, 3 pairs of tennis shoes, 2 polo shirts (Long Sleeves) and 2 shirts, I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPOINTED!!!! Durability, Comfortable and love the looks!This is my 4th, boot pair, and the most confortable, they are lighter and softer than the others, as well as water proof (Believe it or not, the lower price also).  Recomended Item!
B000BFIHVS Exactly what i ordered I received exactly what i ordered, a quality pair of boots that will hold up in the winter and muddier seasons. It was ordered as an 11, and fits perfectly to his feet.
B000BFIHVS COMFORTABLE There are super-comfortable shoes providing both warmth and comfort.  I love these.  Bought with confidence knowing I had free returns but I'm thrilled they are as expected.
B000BFIHVS Holy Cow The most comfortable boots I own. Great investment. These will be getting quite a workout this summer I can assure you!
B000BFIHVS good price a little large but still ok.cheap and not strong as my image.I will select other style shoes with higher budget.
B000BFIHVS just fine but expected more Well, I am not totally disappointed and these pairs will do it for me, but I remember the days when timberland meant solid quality...
B000BFIHVS I remember when Timberland meant quality. The upper separated from the sole after one month of moderate use. Just like K-Swiss, North Face, and numerous other top quality brands, it now appears that Timberland is putting short term profits ahead of pride in accomplishment.
B000BFIHVS High quality boot for high quality experiences I NEVER write reviews for anything, but I can't say enough good things about these Timberland boots. I bought them before embarking on a trip to Africa over two years ago, and I STILL wear them for any outdoor activity! They are an amazing product- high quality, great functionality and have rugged yet stylish appearance. They remain waterproof in mud or puddles and are exceptionally easy to clean off.My Timberland boots have been gorilla trekking in Uganda, safaris and canoeing in Kenya, commuting in snowy New York City, as well as visits to the Grand Canyon, White Sands of Utah, Yellowstone National Park, the Rocky's, camping in the Catskill Mountains, and rocking out at a muddy U2 concert in Moncton, Canada. No other product purchased for that original Africa trip has held up as well as these boots. They are worth every penny!
B000BFIHVS No laces Did not come with any laces. No where in the description was it said there would be no laces. Now I'm about to go on a trip with boots that have no laces. The humanity.
B000BFIHVS Great buy! I tried these on in a traditional store before ordering online, so I knew exactly what size I needed. Received it in 2 days (Amazon Prime is the best!) It was exactly what I wanted and for way less than what it was selling for in the stores. I can't wait for hunting season to really try them out. Then I'm probably going to order another pair.
B000BFIHVS Perfect! After reading the reviews decided to go with these and I couldn't have asked for anything better.  Not a blister one on a recent hike over the Colorado plains that included snow.  Even while sitting my feet were warm the whole time.  I lathered them up with mink oil before the first use and maybe that helped.  I'll be using them a lot on camping trips this summer and if something doesn't seem right, I'll update this post.  After three weekend coyote hunting trips that included some serious hikes, would highly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS boots for walking fairly comfortable, it look like you can't replace the sole if it gets worn out.  a bit stiff in the beginning, but it softens up.
B000BFIHVS UPS shpping issues So, I contacted UPS asking why the package was deli verd to the local post office, of which they did not provide an address so I cannot pick it up. Second. they said Amazon elected ( the sender) to have the package aribtrialy sent to a post office with out providing which post office it was sent to. UPS supposedly delivered the pakcage to a post office and said they left a notice on the door which they did not. If Amazon is going to do that why dont they advise this on the order. My bank card has been charged, I missed the gift day togive this to someone and I dont have the package, what a pain. I am not even sure if the post office is going to deliver this or am I am suppose to some how check all thepost offices in town physicaly until I find my package and then pick it up. or is the post office going to deliver. It should not be this hard, AMAZON WAKE UP STOP USING UPS THEIR SCREWING YOUR CUSTOMERS&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62; THERE ARE OTHER OPTIONS&#62;
B000BFIHVS Comfortable & lite weight Comfortable lite weight, lugs seem to clean out easy when they get muddy, I wear these to work everyday, I'm in an office then out in all conditions outside, not a bad boot for the money.  I've had a lot of different boots, I don't think these are as rugged as cabelas outfitter series but much more lite weight for all day wear and I could have bought 2 pair for the price of the cabelas outfitters.
B000BFIHVS Timberland YES; This Model: NO Timberland has always given me the most durable boot I've ever owned.This model, however, is falling apart after two weeks.  The eyelets for the bootlaces are a flawed design, and two different eyelets have popped out with minimal use or stress on the product.  The nature of the disintegration is easily identified -- they're simply poorly designed, and appear to be an endemic problem which is likely to reoccur.The eyelets aren't really repairable.  This makes my purchase a giant loss.  Unfortunately for me, I purchased multiple pairs of Timberland boots one year ago, and these have been waiting in storage in mint condition.  So no warranty or returns for me.This particular issue doesn't happen with other models of Timberland boot, I've found, and I still recommend Timberland as a brand above all others.
B000BFIHVS Great product at a very reasonable price Just received it. My 2nd pair of Timberland boots. The fit is a little tight width wise probably cause of the padding (even thought I already ordered the W), will check back again after wearing it in. Other than that it looks and feels great. Waterproof and comfortable. Can't comment on the durability yet. Again I will update if there are any issues found. The only potential places that I can see giving problems would be the strap lugs that honestly don't look very sturdy on mine.
B000BFIHVS Timberland never disappoints... This is my 7th pair of Timberland. They are always great, and seem to be everlasting.  These ones are softer than I imagined, no doubt it is a plus. When I bought them I did not realized they are waterproof, perfect for me.  I also have to say that their price in Amazon was unbeatable. Highly recommended.
B000BFIHVS left one was good but right one was different wore them twice and sold them on ebay. left one fit and felt good but the right one was somewhat crooked.
B000BFIHVS Less than happy with my boots I bought these to replace my aging HiTec Altitude leather boots.  I looooved those boots.But I thought I'd try these as I figured they'd be the same, and because they're Timberlands, maybe even better.In every way they're worse.  Where do I start?The sole is flimsy...I can feel rocks thru it when I'm hiking.  HiTec were much betterThe laces are terrible.  They're always coming undone.  Really?  I've had good and bad laces and how can it be they give you slippery bad laces?Not comfortable.  They're just not.I did a 5 day hike in these things (and yes they were broken in at that point) and my feet were a wreck afterwards.Wish I'd gone with my old reliable HiTec's.  Ah well.On the good side:  they look nice, leather is good.  Waterproofing works nicely.
B000BFIHVS Tough to break in There right boot was extremely hard to break in. I had to wear a bandage on my toe because it was digging in and caused a nasty blister
B000BFIHVS Sturdy Footware This is very well made and sturdy.  Looks nice too. Very roomy for my women's size 9.5 feet.  It helped to get me through the end of the 2013-2014 winter season which was quite brutal.
B000BFIHVS Gets better as it conforms to your foot Initially, these were a bit rigid the first few weeks.  Since they have broken in, I am very pleased with them.  They have great grip when wet and handle both hot and cold conditions very well.
B000BFIHVS Funny Leather They stink. Why do they have a toxic smell? All those 5 star ratings must be bogus. I couldn't fade these joints.
B000BFIHVS Great. I've been wearing these for many years...like 9?  I've gone through at least 5 pairs.  They are all great.  Newest ones have a squeak, not sure why.Comfortable and waterproof with good foot and ankle protection.  Does not rub the bone below my Achilles.  The Timberland Flume boot is a similar design, the 2 pairs of Flume I've had both rub in the back on that bone.
B000BFIHVS 2.75 but there is no 2.75 choice Ordered a new one got one that looks slightly used and after the second day it ripped a little. And it was a day late (which didn't really bother me)
B000BFIHVS TERRIBLE REGRETTABLE PURCHASE I bought these for my son for a field trip in Montana and he took them brand new on the trip.  After two weeks the entire sole was ripped out and hanging loose.If you have any type of rugged terrain or hiking to do DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
B000BFIHVS Blisters!!! I spent a good week looking and reviewing all kinds of work boots.  I was impressed from what I read of the Timberland White Ledge Boot and the price.  I've been wearing them for two weeks now and have blisters on top of my feet. I will be retuning them asap.
B000BFIHVS there is no star These boots were given as a present for Christmas, and not even worn until April. they were worn less than a week, and the sole separated. They look brand new, and are totally useless! I am going to have to re think purchases from Amazon, because as far as I can see, there is no recourse unless they were bought from Timberland.
B000BFIHVS vdean 242 It is everything i expected .When i walk it soothes my feet especially my instep .By the way i do a lot of walking.
B000BFIHVS Waterproofing has been effective The boots are as advertised: that is the waterproofing has been effective in keeping moisture from penetrating into the interior of the boots. One issue is that the boot laces constantly become untied as it is annoying to continually tie the laces during the course of wearing the boots. Daily I have been walking through four-to-eight inches of snow as I average three-to-four  miles. So far, so gooe
B000BFIHVS NOT AS COMFORTABLE AS THEY LOOK THESE BOOTS WERE SUPER TIGHT FITTING IN THE FRONT TOEBOXTHEY LOOK GREAT BUT UNFORTUNATELY  THEY COMPLETELY FAIL IN COMFORT
B000BFIHVS Wonderful boots i never had timberland before.  these are true size 11M...just as described.  Comfortable right from the beginning....no need to break them in.  i was worried about the weight...being leather and all. But they are amazingly light.  I've found my new brand of footwear!
B000BFIHVS Preliminary results great I have tried them on and wore them around the house but have not yet put them to the test outdoors. They are very lighweight and comfortable, which I love. I like the appearance of the boots as well.
B000BFIHVS they fit me perfectly. i wear them for hiking or jogging on the little hill behind my office almost everyday! they are fit me perfectly and comfortable, love them!
B000BFIHVS very good&#65281; it's the one i expected&#65281;i like it very much. come on! everyone should buy it .you can walk through the river.
B000BFIHVS Poor quality of materials Poor quality materials. Boots stitched not so good rather bad. These shoes are for fall rather than winter - don't advice to buy it
B000BFIHVS fabric on a heel was wiped I bought on sale. I carried by less than a month :(Fabric rotten is used probably. I don't advise to purchase
B000BFIHVS To help colleagues to buy To help colleagues to buy, he liked the size slightly larger.Relatively speaking, the price was great. The quality is also very good shoes.
B000BGMMZ4 Brother in law loved them He wanted these and so I order for xmas.  Wear's them constantly! May need second pair soon! Shipped quick and appeared as expected.
B000BGMMZ4 Throwin my clothes out the window so when the wind blows I see my polos n timbos The only thing I didn't like was that the bottom of the boots were sticky, other than that my favorite timbos
B000BGMMZ4 Excellent Timberland Men's Windchill Chukka boats This was the perfect pair of boats I ever purchased for my son. These boats looks Great with anything he wears. I highly reccomend this product for any male who wants to look good at all times.
B000BOFDF2 great way to go They are sturdy and well made for an kid. That is nine years old. Love the name and the brand.I will rate it an four star
B000BTSA7U Grest Comfort I recently wore the boots and they were comfortable throughout the day. Very stylish, but these must be worn with pants. It gives your jeans a grown-up look.
B000C2EU2K Clogging Around I got this to clog around the house, sipping coffee on the porch, and for forays to the mailbox. Fits well and meets my needs.
B000E3FNG4 pretty watch flawwed design As this watch is very nice looking there is no way to keep it on your wrist the back of the watch which is not shown in the picture is flawed. I even called them before I bought the watch to have them explain the back of it but they could not do that since they didn;t keep there stock where I was calling and they were looking at the same picture I was. There is no clasp or anything to hold the srape in place therefore allowing it to get looser throughout the day not staying on right (unlike a regular watch) , and if your not paying attention it could fall right off your wrist. I tossed all the return paperwork liking the watch but that was before I tried to wear it for a day.  It is very hard to get through to timberland to try to resolve the problem as their customer service must be really busy this time of the year.
B000FDPXW2 Love it! Love my wintershoes and the service was perfect!&#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3 &#60;3
B000FX9A5S Poor Insole. Need Inserts Great boot! However, the insole is so thin. Terrible to wear 10 hrs a day on concrete floors. I bought Soberthane inserts for them, they fixed the problem!
B000FX9A5S just right for me Just the right kind foot wear for me...I love boots...and this one is simply just right especially the price I paid for it is too good to be true.
B000FX9A5S One Star Timberland sucks now
B000FX9A5S Quality Control issues? Received the boots super quick as you would expect from Amazon, was pretty happy till I put on the second boot.  Felt as if i was standing on something crooked with one foot. I would expect better quality control from brand name like Timberland.  Had boots from them previously, that's why I choose to get these, but didn't want to try another one.
B000FX9A5S very nice boots Can not beat these boots for the price, well built, comforable and look good bla bla bla bla bla !!
B000G1Z9XG 8989 I think this boot for real men. I am very high satisfy this boots. I like this boots. Real young man's choice
B000G1Z9XG Futuristic The Timberland boots that I recieved looked just like what you see and it also came brand new with nothing extra...They are comfortable and you might want to get a size bigger..
B000G1Z9XG LOVE THESE~ TIMBERLAND EUROHIKERS ARE A STAPLE IN MY HUSBANDS WOREDROBE! THESE BOOTS CAN BE WORN WITH SHORTS OR JEANS. THEY ARE VERY NICE AND WELL MADE!
B000G1Z9XG Its ok I am having any luck in buying shoes online. I will go back to buying from the shore where I can fit it on and see it on my foot. It looks good online but looks different when its on my foot. Its OK but I wouldn't have bought if I was in a store.
B000G1Z9XG william telford boots have very poor ruber soles and make it hard to walk in. And play and danceing is very hard as well
B000G21BSC Terrible looking Pleather on the tongue. The tongue design is not great and can dig into the upper foot but the worst thing is they used the cheapest looking fake leather you have ever seen on the part under the laces. That they would do that to an otherwise perfectly fine looking shoe is sad. Its not apparent on the photos. Seriously just awful.
B000G21BSC Amazing and just what I needed! I've spent most of my life as a sneaker girl, especially in the last few years since I've taken up running and proper exercise. But I've also become more active around the yard and sneakers just don't cut it for yard or garden work. These have been perfect in that sense and I'm very happy I got them.The size measurements were great which is rare because I don't always find the right size boot with good width. I had no problem with that here.
B000G21BSC Great boots! Had a pair of these before and wore them out. They can be a little snug until they are broke in and then they fit like a glove. Very hard workers.  Couldn't find them in the store I bought them from before. Amazon came to the rescue!
B000G21BSC Wife Loves it! I snuck in her closet and found out her shoe size. Ordered this boot. Now, I'm the man. I've noticed she wears them everyday.
B000G21BSC The best shoe for terrain I bought it for a visit to Africa. It is confortable to use in the dust. Ideal when you have to do a lot of walking. I wore them with jeans and the more dust they got the more they looked better!  When I was in the city, I would clean them up and they would look different. Very good shoe. Anyway, just before I left Africa to return to the USA, the shoes disappeared from my bag, a week after I arrived in the USA, I saw a picture of my mom on Facebook.....she had them on!
B000G21BSC Upset because of badgering to buy something I already bought.  Give it a break and change your tactics. I am posting this not because I hate my boots, but because I hate the fact that since I placed an order for them I have been bombarded by ads on everything I look up on the internet has advertizement for boots that I bought.  Not only does this seem like stupid advertizing because I already bought my boots but I find it an infringment on my privicy.  I will be removing my name from any site that shows me one more boot and uses my infor to bombard me with boots.A very unhappy customer...
B000G21BSC I have to review the measure before new buy. My measure is 38 in Venezuela and for boots i request little big. I didn't find 38.5. The product is good not matter that somewhat large. Thank you.
B000G21BSC Two Weeks To Break In Overall these boots work well.  The first two weeks I had blisters on the backs of my heels. I should have had them tied looser at first but they are very comfortable now. They are slightly bigger than my sneakers but enough room for wool socks or double layers.
B000G23DQK Searched all over... ...I spent the better part of four hours going from store to store because my son just had to have these shoes.  We finally ended up at City Blue only to find that they had this exact same shoe for the hefty price of $170.00.  With the money we saved on Amazon, we were able to buy a really nice Northface hoodie to complement the boots.  Thanks!!!
B000G23DQK Comfortable and durable I bought the size based on previous reviews saying it fit a little loose, and I got exactly what I expected.  Very durable in rough and rocky terrain, but of course it doesn't hold its beauty with all the scuffs and scrapes.  I'll probably replace it with the same or similar product once it finally wears out.
B000G23DQK Factory seconds or Fake? I ordered these and when I received them they were defected. One of the tree stomp stamps was darker than the other and it was also crooked. One of the insoles was also too small for the shoe, maybe it was just the pair I recived, I dont know. Its a reason why they sell boots that cost 180.00 for 120.00, you get what you pay for. I returned these and ordered from timberland.com for 180.00 and boots were perfect. Oh well.
B000G23DQK Decent purchase I had been wanting a pair of Timberlands for the longest time, so I finally indulged and got these, partially paying with a gift card. There an awesome rich cherry color and seem to be super durable. Only one thing I would say is wrong with it is the dye rubs off on your socks, so just be aware.
B000G23DQK Love my boots! I ordered these boots via Amazon because of one reason - price.I'm from Singapore and these babies retail for SGD$300. Amazon was selling them for SGD$120.Placed by order on a Monday and shipped it via vPost. Boots arrived 2 weeks later in pristine condition.I took a giant leap of faith and purchase them in US10, though I usually wear US10.5. The comments were pretty accurate, get .5 size smaller than what you usually get and it'll work out well.
B000G23DQK Bamboozled I have worn Timberlands myy whole life I love em. The ad shows a different pair of timberlands with the leather insulator that is what I ordered however now what I received will be calling to complain.
B000G23DQK perfect boots,annoying transportation when i opend the package ,There are a lot of scratches on shoes.Even ant fray on the shoelace.It brings me a bad mood
B000G23DQK Perfect Boot Great Quality. Very Clean. Shoe also worn by famous rappers such as Drake, Kanye West, Big Sean, J.Cole. Definitely recommend ordering 1 shoe size smaller. Quality at it's finest. I found these boots at Journey's for 175.00 and ordered them through Amazon and received a lower price and then entered a promo code and received an even lower price. Got them for 98.87 (:
B000G23DQK One Problem I got one shoelace. That was my only problem. I was too lazy to ask for another so I just walk around with two boots and one shoelace. You get used to it.
B000G23DQK Good&#65281; In addition to a little, the other is better&#12290;Good waterproof&#65281;More comfortable&#65292;My choice is right&#65292;Will choose&#12290;It is very beautiful&#12290;Thank Amazon&#65281;Minato words&#12290;
B000G23DQK I got damaged pair of shoes, HiOne of shoes  had  broken (ribbed) tongue about 5 cm. under lace and one lacehole wwas broken.I took it to shoemaker to fix it  and payd few dollars for that ,thougt that better than sending it back ! I hope the seller did not send this  so damaged on purposeThos shoes are very expensive so my grandson was not happy.Have a good dayBjorn Axelsson
B000G23DQK Aint Nothing Like My Timbs! What can be said other than Timberland has done it again.  I love my timbs comfortable and rugged, holds up well and has scuff protection.  My suggestion cop these definitely.
B000G23DQK can't go wrong with these boots whats to say. You know the boot. Only thing that changes is finding the right price. Never had to leave home for these :)
B000G23DQK Great boots.. Love them Loved this TImberland premium classic black scuff..Looks great and wears well. Looks even brighter and glossier than the regular non scuff black boot. Also the scuff pattern makes it easy to maintain and clean and prevents scratches and other damage to the leather.
B000G23DQK happy im in the navy on deploment and they still got to the ship quickly i love the texture of the boot i wore them while out in dubai and evryone loved them , on base its really dusty and my boots still looked brand new after i wipped them off
B000G23DQK Poor quality I compared this with the one I bought from local store (Bob's). Clearly its quality is poorer (on its way back).Based on this n of 1 experiment, it seems shoes from online tend to have lower quality (YMMV).
B000G23DQK Nice pair of boots. Bought it and shipped all the way to singapore.. Expected delivery was 27 sep to 8 oct. But received it on the 24th! Happy about that. Product wise, it's definitely genuine and the colour is abit odd. I expected it to be more yellowish but it's a little bit orangey. Still, it looks great and orange just happens to be my favourite colour. Im a happy customer.
B000G23DQK Buyer beware. Fake Timberland boots!!!!!! If you are going to sell a product, make sure you are actually advertising what you give people.  These are supposed to be Timberland boots, but I should have been suspicious when the cost $60 less than retail.  The sole says Timberland, but nothing else is what it should be.  We have returned them, and will actually buy them in person, from a store, where people work.
B000G23DQK Beware!  Company not refunding for returned item The boots arrived and were lovely.  However, they were too big for my husband, so I returned them approximately three weeks ago.  I have sent the company several messages through Amazon inquiring about when my credit card will be refunded.  However, I have yet to receive a response even though the company boasts a 48-hour policy of getting back to customers.  Lucky for me I have the receipt and can place a dispute on this charge.  Order from this company at your own peril and make sure you keep all copies of receipts.
B000G23DQK nice and strong and really scruff proof These boots are comfortable and strong and can take a tough beat up. they however stain with cement if you work frequently in concrete.
B000G23DQK Pay extrat money I have nothing to criticize my Timberland all is correct,a thing I has criticize because the price it was before I order and it had me writing an email to tell me that this command is finished then after I order I pay a silver Bobby
B000G23DQK Stunner They are simply fantastic. This product has what everyone expects in a pair of boots. The size fits perfectly. The material even stuns me more- rigid and soft at the same time. It may seem ridiculous but that's what this leather is all about. The rubber underneath is as strong as a car tyre. Also, the laces are pretty great-easy to tie and can remain fastened all day long. The design is overwhelmingly good-looking, fitting to either the rigours of the workplace or outdoor activities. I simply admire them.
B000G23DQK pretty good for me Although I do not know what&#8216;s the difference between 10061 and this item&#65292;I still love it. Maybe next year, I will get a pair of 10061.
B000G23DQK Men's Timberland 6" premium scuffproof THIS BOOT LOOKS GREAT AND FITS EVEN BETTER. REC'D ON TIME AND IN GREAT CONDITION. SPECIAL BLACK FRIDAY PRICE MAYED THE PURCHASE EVEN BETTER.
B000G23DQK Well, thay are timberlands..... I ordered these for my brother-in-law as he wanted a pair. They are timberlands so you know what to expect. My beef is with the delivery time. In this day and age when sites like Endless and Zappos do one or two-day free delivery, I had to pay for delivery and it still took about 4 days. Apart from that, it was as expected.
B000G23DQK cheap crap very cheaply made feels like a 20 dollar boot,ive brought timberland boots for the last 20 yr,this will be my last pair.
B000G23DQK MEEEEEEP! When i'm getting down and dirty, playing in the mud, running my hands through horse dung, soliciting candy to our neighborhood youth, and any other daily activities, i need to make sure my feet are warm and snug. These boots, like my ex-girlfriend (God rest her soul), get the job done quick and efficiently! All the girls be hollering back at yo boy now. My social life has improved greatly. Those cold friday nights i had previously spent watching fresh prince re-runs are gone. BOOM! gone. Now i party and rave with all my tan jacked friends. If you want smexy-yes s-m-e-x-y, boots and a vibrant social life, a mere 180 dollars to dish out  is nothing for what you will get in return.
B000G23DQK A little too large Just a little bit too large, if i wouldve gotten them a size smaller they would have been too small, so im going to buy some dr scholls inserts,and wear thick socks, that should work out. I mainly bought these boots though for the price, almost bought two.. The mall near me.. $180 plus tax... here $132 with.. shouldve just spoiled my self with two. The only thing with ordering these.. is they might be a little not scratched..but rub marks cause of the shipping. no biggie though for $50 off...
B000G23DQK Lasts Forever My father purchased his pair in the 80's and is still going strong with them. I recently purchased one for myself and have been very pleased. In the past I have been very jealous when out in the sierra-nevadas or rockies to ski, and walking around town in some running shoes, and seeing my dad with these. Not only are these stylish and comfortable, but rugged and practical too. I would call them the guys version of uggs, but that would be putting them completely out of context, so I wont.-1 star because they are fairly heavy and fit large, though I guess this is because many tend to wear large/heavy socks, so not that big a deal.
B000G23DQK Nice&#65281; I got this express today from the transport company&#12290;It's comfortable and beautiful&#65292;what makes me glad is that I spent half the price in CHINA&#12290;Thank you Amazon&#65281;I don't know whether you can understand what i write &#65292;i am not good at english &#65292;sorry&#12290;
B000G23DQK Absolute rubbish On the fourth time I wore these boots the sole of one separated from the heel, to the extent you can put your finger from inside the boot to outside it. The seller refused to replace them and directed me to Timberland, as they say the boots are "guaranteed waterproof". The local distributor here refused to replace the boots and claimed I had damaged the boots myself. Timberland HQ in the USA sent me the following email "Thank you for your recent inquiry. As a global company we rely on our international distributors to provide service to our consumers outside of the United States in accordance with all regional policies and regulations. Because of this, the distributor in your area is solely responsible for the final resolution of this issue.  Unfortunately we are unable to offer additional assistance with this matter." Looks like they want to pay my legal fees when I take them to court.
B000G23DQK They are a nice looking boots: They fit well look well and ware well with all my GAP, Bannana Republic, Levi and American Eagle Clothes.  My luber jack look.
B000G23DQK I mean it's Timbs. My daughter loves the nineties retro look and I had a pair of these myself way back then, but wore them with baggy jeans.  Wore the skinny jeans in the eighties, but we just called them tight.  Anyway now anything goes. So she wore them with skinny jeans and a plaid shirt.  Reminded me of a younger version of myself.  Too cute.
B000G23DQK beautiful and comfortable beautiful and comfortable , i love it, it is worth the price,but them made in china ,I am from china , but it sell more price in china. it like a joke....hahahahahahahahahahahaha
B000G23DQK less than in the store My hubby wanted this for christmas but they were 180 in all the stores.... I consider this a steal. Wonderful boots.
B000G23DQK not the item I expected the boot I got was different from what I saw in the photo.  plus it didn't fit right.  and to top it off  the damn thing squeaked everytime I walk.  I finally gave it to the Salvation Army.  what a waste!
B000G23DQK timberland his is the worst boot ive ordered it doesnt stand up to what it say.this shoe is not scuff proff nor waterproof. it has not breathing room inside and after about a month it begins to smell really bad inside. in that case you have to throw away
B000G23DQK Yeaaaaa boy-boy I loved them, great shoe/boot, better price, timing was delayed by a day other than that it was real cool
B000G23DQK a lil tacky To much glue on sole looks tacky rest of boot ok shoe strings to short can't tie to the top
B000G23DQK not as described According to the description the boots should have leather lining, but it is partially true. The toe part is not leather lined and has some sort of synthetic lining that I hate.
B000G23DQK Lee Tims are so damn expensive, yet so necessary to all the urban men out there. Ladies especially thoes of you from Philly, know your man looks good in a fresh pair of Tims. If your a tall or big girl, you will look smaller next to your guy because these boots will give him an extra inch, therefore making your man even taller. From a females perspective thats worth the money to me.
B000G23DQK Wheats My sons loves his Wheats! They fit well and they really are waterproof.  He wears them everyday and takes good care of them.
B000G23DQK These boots are built to last &#8211; and they do! I bought another pair of these same boots early in 2008 and have worn them almost constantly building stairs, cabinets, and other finish carpentry in a construction environment. They've been soaking wet on the outside, covered in mud, toes scraped on concrete, paint and solvents dripped on them, every kind of abuse you can imagine -- and except for rather slick soles -- they're still in good working order. I got the new pair for meeting with clients and situations where I need to look neater than usual, and just in case my older ones finally give up the ghost. Not to mention that today these Timberlands (fresh, clean ones) are fashionable and trendy even with my Valentino suit.
B000G23DQK TERRIBLE! These boots are the worst I bought them in November and by January the waterproofing was gone and the soles are peeling away! Timberland has COMPLETELY lost me as a customer!
B000G23DQK Cool looking Cool looking and comfortable, but better for cold conditions since the sidewalls are rather thick and insulated.
B000G23DQK good looks great looks, great quality. only problem is when  I weare it your upper part of the boot is painfuly ageinstmy lower leg. "may be it's just me???'. needless to say I'm only 150lb.
B000G23DQK Fit like a glove Great fit  i got  it as a present for my brother in- law he wears a size 12ee or eee. It iw always difficult to find comrtable footwear for him
B000G23DQK Dont Buy these Imports Used these boots for 30 days and found that the seam below the lower lace eyelet was ripping apart. I returned the boots for a refund ASAP.
B000G23DQK Worst Boots ever They crack really bad and the coating is peeling off and they will never look good after you get them dirty.
B000G23DQK Tims Authentic Tims at a very nice price... like 40 bucks cheaper than real life stores. what else? nothing. its all good baby.
B000G23DQK Great I choose this rate b/c the fact of me being satisfied with the item I purchased. And i wear it half of  the time
B000G23DQK Fake I hate this fake ass boots, I don't like them at all. Bad experience I had to go buy another one .
B000G23DQK Swag Hardest I've seenNo timberland key chain is a bummer.  They are definitely scuff proof.  A must have for any shoe head
B000G23DQK However I gave these boots 5 stars however, the first pair that were sent to me were defective in the suede and I was very unsatisfied. After finding out how to exchange these, everything was very simple and I was very satisfied with the service.
B000G23DQK RUGGED AND HANDSOME I have been buying Timberland boots for my son for years; but this means, these are only his third pair. Previously, I purchased the standard golden boots; this is the first time I bought the ultra-suede, at his request. He really wanted black boots but, did not want to look like a storm trooper. We fixed on these because the grommets (those metal pieces around the shoelace holes) were smooth and subtle-looking, and the sole did not protrude past the upper. I was unaware the ankle padding would be brown but, this was a pleasant surprise to both of us! As he commented, 'Now they look less like Nazi boots.' They provide good support but, we needed to add a padded insole. He wanted to wear these right away, before they were treated. So, I will be cleaning them with Jason Markks product, and spraying with Scotchguard. I will publish the results. (I purchased the Jason Markks product directly from them, as Amazon doesn't sell the boar bristle brush recommended by them for use on suede.)
B000G23DQK a bit heavy they fit great really like them, a bit heavy, but I'll get used to them, that'll help build up my legs ,but overall they fit as expected.
B000G23DQK SEXY Pretty sweet shoes. Makes you really stand out as a true man amongst all the hipster kicks out there. You'll be sure to get complements on your manhood...or maybe just on the shoes. Plus I'm pretty sure I can grow a fuller beard after buying these.
B000G23DQK AMAZON ROCKS!  THIS IS THE REAL TIMBERLAND! BUY ONLY ON AMAZON OR FROM TIMBERLAND DIRECT!  This is not an inexpensive boot but it is WORTH EVERY PENNY.  Very well made and will take the abuse that it was made for--I know this boot will last FOREVER!  I am very happy with this purchase, quality, and speedy delivery.  TIMBERLAND and AMAZON PRIME ROCK!BUY ONLY FROM AMAZON!  I was horrified when I first purchased a pair on EBAY and got an obvious counterfeit.  The scammers sell you an obvious fake with free shipping for $100 but it costs $20 to send it back.  They dont care--they figure you wont bother spending the money to send it back.  And they never admit it is fake--will only say that Timberland's quality has diminished.  And it doesnt cost the cheaters anything to sell them because you have to pay to send them back to get  your refund.  That is so wrong.  DO NOT BE TEMPTED!
B000G23DQK Nice one,i love it! though it smells not very vell because of its bottom Material&#65292;but better after some days.it fit me much as my expect.the style is classical and comfortable. it's wonderful&#65281;
B000G23X74 For My Dad I bought this for my Dad.. He has always worn these Timberland. I, we, couldn't find them anywhere... He is so happy. We will keep continue buying them thru Amazon.Thank You
B000G23X74 Nice,recommended boat shoe that is a comfortable,well designed shoes and I think I can throw my nike and adi sneaker away.Thanks for god
B000G2419S 5+ Stars The boots are a surprise for my daughter who is a City View volunteer at a middle school in the South Bronx, NY.  I placed the order 12/16 around 6 pm.  Realized later that evening that I should have gotten them waterproofed, so I contacted the vendor via email to change order.  Had a response by 12/17 am.  The boots were delivered today, 12/18, BEFORE noon.  Order had been corrected, the boots are gorgeous - my daughter will be home on Monday - Thank you and Merry Christmas to all.  Sincerely, Bigdpa, (a grateful mom)
B000G24LJS Can't go wrong with these!!! I love these.  I rotate between these and the high - top Eastland's that look like these every other year.  I keep a pair of one or the other in my closet.
B000G24LJS Not neatly done Bad made. There are mounds of skin that create callus on foot. Very very chemical bad smell. I'm very disappointed.
B000G24LJS Does indeed run a little large I've of and on wanted a pair of these since the eighties when my college roommate wore them nonstop.  I share the disappointment over manufacture of these overseas but the Haitian made pair I have from Timberland's Amazon store seem to be well made.  Having said that, I would gladly pay $50 more for US made quality and the knowledge that US workers had the jobs.  That said, they fit well but the reports here regarding running large are true.  I have worn an 11.5 for over 30 years.  Nikes, Asics and every other running or athletic shoe as well as boots as varied as snowboard and ski boots and Vasques and Danner boots and Cole Haan(garbage) and Allen Edmonds as well as Hush Puppy dress shoes, all fit me in an 11.5.  In these, I ordered an 11 medium and the fit is perfect.  Perhaps not a full half size large, but darn close to it with a medium thickness sock.  I've been wearing them for the last day, and they are becoming more and more comfortable, and are stretching a tad.  the initial fit was a little rough, especially with a thin sock, but they are fitting better after a day of wearing.  Hopefully, they will wear well.  I;d be more confident of that if they were US made.  We shall see.
B000G24LJS CONFUSION There was some confusion about the sizing convertion chart resulting in being sent the wrong size shoes. Hopefully the matter will be solved soon.
B000G24LJS Comfortable and Stylish Met all my expectations in style and fit. The sizing chart is exact so no worries when ordering on line.
B000G24LJS Stitching coming undone - Not the same quality I'm come to expect - Not even close. Perhaps the 6th pair of these shoes I've owned since the eighties.  Will be my last - quality is WAY down.  Returned first pair because stitching at the heel started to unravel within weeks.  Replacement pair - same problem.New formula for corporate success:  Take a proven brand and drive down quality to maximize profits.  These are just cheap imitations of the originals.  : (
B000G24LJS Pefect : as usual (it is my 5th I buy this model in my life ) I am a fan ! Pefect : as usual (it is my 5th I buy this model in my life ) I am a fan !The packaging was perfect !
B000G24LJS Low Quality and High Price! These shoes cost about $90 and Timberland can not even cough up the $2 to waterproof them.  To add insult to injury, the footbeds are as thin as a piece of paper.One could buy Rockport, Nunn Bush, Florsheim, Deer Stags, etc.  all for a lower price and all of them would be more comfortable and waterproofed!
B000G24LJS Not Again Shoes fit a about a half size bigger.... For the money, may as well shell out an extra $20.00 bucks for the authentic ones from a department store.
B000G24LJS My heart was broken !my heart was broken! I buy the shoes,because they are made in Dominican Republic,i love the state very much.But when i got the shoes,open box,it's showing made in haiti!I'm so disappointed,my heart was broken.
B000G24LJS classic the shoe is just classic, it's fantastic.there's not doubt that people should have it, and it fits in many kinds of occasions
B000G24LJS The girls love them. These kicks just drive the betties nutts. When I go on the hunt I always wear the timbos or nothing at all.
B000G24LJS Just buy Timberland The shoes are tremendous. They are comfortable and surefooted, as well as appearing to be well constructed. I tried other brands, but they don't measure up, with the possible exception of Rockports. I wish they offered an insulated version.
B000G24LJS timberland sgoe The shoe runs bigger than what its supposed to be. If you wear a 15 than get a 14 or 14.5.
B000G24LJS Amazon customer service is like no other I bought the Burgundy Color Boat Shoe. The shoes have a good solid build to them. Good value for money. I paid $86.63 and within a week the price dropped to $73.61. The initial customer service rep said they could not do anything. I called again and the level 2 customer service gave me the price difference. +1 for Amazon.
B000G24LJS Reunited with an old friend... Like a lot of guys my age, I had two pairs that lasted me from the mid '80s through the '90s then seemed to have forgotten about them due to them being scarce and out of favor for a while. Here lately, all the young hipsters are into "heritage" brands and guys my age might be getting nostalgic -so I'm seeing a lot of boat shoes again. I almost call these camp mocs due to the third eyelet and vibram sole. The leather is fantastic and workmanship seems top notch. Made in the Dominican Republic. I'm not crazy about the deep lug sole, but it is practical for more scenarios than a true boat shoe sole. It's a little heavier than need be and I don't recall if my former pairs didn't have a shallower lug? I'd give one more star if they were a less aggressive lug. The insoles are not deeply padded but seem to be molding to my feet comfortably. Tanning process imparts a lot of oil and it's easy to rub scratches out of the leather. Lining feels good with bare feet. I found them to be a tad long in size 11EE. I returned and went with a 10.5 and went from EE down to D after trying on a pair of the "earthkeeper kaiwah bay made in China boat shoes" that were quite roomy. Unfortunately, the made in Dominican Republic is built narrower -so I'm in for a little bit of a stretching process. Close, but a little snug.  If I went with the EE width I would have been sliding around inside a bit much, especially on the rare occasions I'd wear barefoot with shorts. (I wish they made an E width). I like the three-eye design as socks don't show too much as with two-eye topsiders. Makes these a better shoe for fall and winter & year 'round use. I'd have a second pair in EE if I was to wear with heavy socks in cooler climates. Then I'd be truly set.
B000G24LJS sturdy shoes, acceptably attractive.  To be worn when you're traveling by subway I got these because my slippers weren't sufficiently sturdy enough to support my orthotics.  I think it may be overkill; I'm looking at Minnetonka Double Sole shoes to wear around the house.
B000G24LJS Sub-par from what I remember Timberland to be The sole is not as rigid as an older pair of Timberlands that I have.  The leather is not as thick either.Overall they are decent, but I miss the former quality.  Guess they are going cheaper too.
B000G24LJS wonderfull item I love this stuff for the excellent looking and comfortable wearing.It is the one I really want for.however,they have made  a mistake to send me the wrong size,and I odered the 7W but got 7M.It will take me too much trouble to replace the item.I have to keep it.
B000G24LJS These shoes stink! I mean they smell bad! They are still off-gassing manufacturer used Volatile Organic Compunds (VOCs). These shoes are still off-gassing Volatile Organic Compounds or (VOCs) used in the manufacturing process more than a month after purchase. Many new items may do this for a couple days after purchasing but the smell will rapidly taper off. These still stink up a room to the extent that people 10 feet away will ask "what is that smell?" after a month of wearing. Of course, wearing them and expecting the smell to stop, they could no longer be returned as unworn.Strongly recommend you do not purchase these shoes. Shame on Amazon for selling such a lousy product!!!
B000G24LJS Great buy I saw these timberlands in Miami last year in Dolphin Mall. I wanted to buy them but they were a bit on the expensive side. I finally got a chance on Amazon and I jumped at it, the fit was exactly what I wanted and the shoes are well made.
B000G24LJS Solid, Beautiful, Classy Overall the shoes gives you very solid feel, yet comfortable when you wear itThe soles give you extra grips and prevents you from slipping, makes it suitable for all outdoor activities actuallyLooks awesome with jeans or short, nothing will go wrong with this pair of classic.Enjoy :)
B000G24LJS high school days I had a few pairs of these during my high schools and they were comfortable back then and I see that Timberland hasn't compromised the integrity of the shoe!
B000G24LJS two right feet We recieved two right shoes in a brown shipping box.  The original shoe box was not included.
B000G24LJS terrible insoles The shoes is fine but the insoles are so thin that it makes it uncomfortable to wear. The outside portion of my heels hurt every time i wear the shoes. I used regular insoles and it reduced the pain but now they make my feet sweat. Timberland please make thicker insoles.
B000G24LJS too large too large...
B000G24LJS all perfect all okperfectwas what I was looking forthe board is a classic shoe sock so perfectand to keep in the cabinet of shoes
B000G24LJS classy yet comfy i like to dress classy yet tactfully. these don't suck. i can still kick in doors and step on jagged objects and not stab my feet. solid product.
B000G24LJS Timberland 3 Eye Classic Lug Put these (LYNCO AETREX ORTHOTIC SPORT INSOLE) in these (Timberland 3 Eye Classic Lug Mens) if you want to look sharp and feel comfortable.
B000G24LJS Too cool Everyone notices these on your feet they look good with anything when these wear out I will be buying another pair!!!
B000G24LJS brown 3 eye lug, just like the old days! I have not worn this style of boat shoe since 1989 thru 1991 when i owned both colors at that time, as soon as i opened the box from amazon i fell in love once again, i see people here complaining about a few things but i dont see one problem whatsoevet, so what if it is not made in the u.s, and big deal if it is not a vibram sole no more, that dont mean nothing, aint nobody in the street going to notice any of that nonsense, some people just complain about everything, and then all of a sudden they stop you from buying an item, the shoe met all od my expectations, it is a timeless classic that never goes out of style!
B000G24LJS wore these for decades quality has gone down-- count on the soles coming unglued from shoe--shue goo from walmart or amazon will fix this problem--like everything surrounding us these days, not as good as when they were made in u.s.a.
B000G24LJS don't make them quite like they used to I have an older pair that looks just like these but the sole is black and the threads match the leather.  I like these so much that I decided to order another pair.  one of the things that I really like about these is that I can slip them on without bending over or tying and untying.  The rounded leather bead that wraps around the heel keeps them on and enables your foot to sort of snap in without untying.The new ones have a different type of insole though.  The old ones have a removable one that covers the whole foot but this new pair does not, and sometimes when I pull my foot out, the heel pad starts to peel away from the inside of the shoe.On the + side, they do fit pretty much the same as my old ones and feely comfy without break in.
B000G24LJS My throwback Once when I was in high school, I wanted a pair of these shoes that everyone had.  I get a lot of comments about them now and hear so many stories.  I've told many people where I got them so, do I get a finders fee?
B000G24LJS Amazon sent me defective shoes knowing I am an overseas buyer. My anticipation has being marred by the defective shoe Amazon sent to me. It is an eye sore there one of the lace eyelet are dropping out and deformed, with the leather beside badly chipped. I can show a photo here as evident. It looks like someone had used a sharp object to dig the eyelet out, where it becomes deformed and is pretty sharp.The pair of shoes is probably a returned item or mishandled by the staff, yet they send it to me knowing that I am an overseas buyer using forwarding service. I dont believe Timberland has got no Quality Control on their products. I actually used some discount coupons for the purchase which further brought down my paying price. Now, with this eye sore, it gonna cost me $91 to get a refund since I have to send from abroad, or it gonna cost me $119 for a replacement. Totally waste of my money.Brakdown of my delivery cost for either refund or replacement:- It costed me $28 to have the item forwarded to me which I already paid.- It will cost me $63 to send the defective item back to Amazon.For refund - $28+$63 = $91For replacement - $28+$63+$28 = $119Amazon customer service actually offered to partial refund me $18 which is 25% of $72, the sale price I got, and I have yet to accept the partial refund. The customer service suggested getting them to repair it locally but stop short of saying who will foot the bill for repair. Or do they means $18 for repair? If it can be repaied but cost alot more, who will foot the bill? I cannot fathom how this suggestion can be made since when can you patch back a chip off on the leather, probably about 5mm in size and depth of 1-2mm? I hope they are not thinking of patching it like what you do for welding metal or soldering.Honestly, what good does it make for an eye sore especially when you will be kept reminded how you are high handedly managed by some big company?So buyers from aborad, please be warned and I have a few friends who have similar complains. By the way, these shoes are Made in Haiti. Also, as the customer service is out-sourced to India, you have a variety of support level coming from them, while half can be pretty nonchalent to your issue, some do make an attempt to read what you are saying. I always sense that they do not quite understand what I was writing, and it usually takes a few emails before someone can actually understand the issue cause I have to repeat and bring them to the main points repeatedly. And now Amazon customer service has stopped responding and it shows how high handed approach they take toward their customer.
B000G24LJS Good quality shoes! I ordered these for delivery in the US (I live in the UK) to pick up when I recently visited. I was a bit worried that I was not going to get what I was expecting. Ordering soes over the internet without trying them on can be 'hit or miss'as to whether they will fit properly or not.I need not have worried. The shoes are top quality, very comfortable and they are great value for money. They were delivered promptly and are exactly as described on the page.I'm very pleased with my purchase and the service I received.
B000G261IW Just what I want These are my favorite boots!!! They are what they are, good quality and reliability  The seller got them to me in record time.  I'm super happy over all.
B000G261IW Looks good but . . . This is a fine looking shoe, seemingly well designed from the picture.  In fact, it is stiff, narrow, insubstantial, and awkward.  There's nothing much to the sole, including comfort.
B000GCBZEW To my exact measure. Doubt to buy footwear without measuring it, but using the timberland charts was the best thing.The footwear is perfect, its finish and presentation. It is a little I joust at the beginning, but it molds quickly to your foot.They are of good material, but something delicate and suceptible to be streak
B000HGZRUK my title I am very satisfied with the item, item's delivery and with amazon service over all.
B000HGZRYQ Need helps I use short time ago, but have to search some first sole to put inside the shoe, because inside isn't ergonomic or haven't the anatomical shape of the feet, I think in order to have an excellent shoe, need another row of holes for the cord and the anatomic or ergonomic insole.But is good product for the price you pay.
B000HGZRYQ A tad more rugged than I imagined It's a good product and appears well made. However, it is quite rugged and with a tall sole it increases my height by an inch. Upon close inspection of the item, it was rather my fault of not having judged this accurately. However, it does what it says on the box, nice shoe, great price.
B000IJNWVW duffle bag This bag is huge and is really well-made.  The top opening allows total access to everything and the side pocket is available to place personal items before the bag and I go through security screening.  I am really well pleased with this bag and I highly recommend it to everyone.
B000JO5V1A Timberland The colour of the shoe is quite unusual so there are not many persons with the same colour. It was in perfect condition, no scratches or any type or damage to it. It fitted perfectly and I really felt that I got quality for my money.
B000JOJYW2 HOT!!! These boots are FIRE!!The Gold Brick hang tag puts that extra touch on it.Timberland should come out with more boots with special edition hangs.My husband went nuts when he got these for Christmas.
B000K6N8VC Timberland is pure junk! I bought a shirt just like this from Timberland and will NEVER buy from them again. I wore it one time and washed it in cold water on gentle cycle, drying it on delicate (very low heat). The shirt shrunk more than two sizes and was no longer wearable. I returned it at my expense, as I had done nothing wrong and the shirt was now useless to me. Timberland returned the shirt to me with a form letter stating that their "inspection revealed that the item had been worn," duh. Of course I had explained all of this. Not only is their clothing of very poor quality, their customer service is even worse!!
B000KMU33W Great boot I got these for my son when he was just learning to run and they were his favorite shoe. The top rolls down easily and can be warn flipped up just as comfortable. My little guy is very rough and tumble and by the time he grew out of these, they still looked nearly brand new.
B000KN0TNK Very Happy TheTimberland Roller Buckle Belt 1700 is the best belt buckle I have ever used. I have owned two or three and they are still working
B000KVA7YI Areview I truly love this boot. I am a 35 year member of Operating Engineers as a land surveyor where we are on our feet walking in woods, on broken ground, and steel(high-rises). Dry conditions and in swamps. Hot and cold. You construction workers know what I'm talking about. This boot provides all the support I need for these condition. I have tried some of the best and most of the cheapest. The boot crosses over to the affordable and looks good doing it. Amazon providing the affordable end of it. Thanks to all involved. Steve LopezP.S.  I will be retiring soon and will update this memo to include how well they do in HIKING.
B000KVA7YI Positive Only work boot that is comfortable, affordable and really outlast all others.  Very satisfied with the whole transaction....
B000KVA7YI first a little tight, after one week, it works fine After i get this shoes, I can handle with winter successfully. First a little tight, but after one week, it works good. thanks
B000KVA7YI Terrible These boots must be marked wrong!!! Ive been waring timberlands for years and always 10.5 wide. These are horrible and will be returned.
B000KVA7YI Great boots A bit heavy but well insulated and very sturdy.  Got these for winters in the northeast and I think they'll do fine.
B000KVA7YI Not sewn properly We ordered 2 pairs of these boots & had to send both back because the inside tounge wasn't sewn properly, causing it to bunch up inside of the boots making them very uncomfrtable. Not what you expect from this brand.
B000KVA7YI Viva la Timberland! 5 stars as always when it's about Timberland. Got about 6-7 pairs of Timb shoes/boots and 2 Timb jackets :)So..one of the best. Great brand and high quality products.
B000LIKI7G mens sz. 9W Timberlands I chose this rating because the boots are not as wide as my last pr. I had bought at a local store. No probs with the delivery, color or quality. I'm just using a device to widen them little by little. I give it an overall 7.95 on scale from 1 to 10.
B000MQHHB2 Great Sock I have only recently swapped to the Timberland brand and I am impressed. They have the right blend of fabric to keep my foot from offending anyone if the need arises. Would and will  be  buying this brand again! Plus Amazon, I received them fast, packaged well and just as described.
B000MQHHB2 Just as good as the old ones I bought these for my husband who loved the old ones.  I was no expecting him to like them, but much to my surprise he loves them.  They are thick with a good toe and heal cushion.  The top stays up all day.  They have washed well and look nice with dress clothes.  The only negative thing I would say is the gray heal patch is visible if you have dress shoes with lower backs.
B000MQHHB2 Nice, better than I found at local brick and mortars Another reviewer mentioned that these were thin, like dress socks.  I didn't think they were THAT thin, but he was right, they are a little thin, which was why I didn't give 5 stars.  They do feel well made though and are comfortable.  A little thicker in the stitched seam over the toes than I'd prefer, but the shoes I wear these in don't cause a problem, but if you have shoes that are tighter in the toe area, these stitched seams may dig into the toes some.Only time will tell how well the heels will hold up, as that's where I generally get holes, but the thin part is around the calf, it thickens up all over the foot, so hopefully these will last a little longer than the ones I'm throwing away now that these replaced.
B000MQHHB2 Good enough Wearing these right now. Not a whole lot to say about them but they fit well. We will see how they hold up. Material is somewhat thin which I like in a sock. A little bit of seam lumps but less than others I have had.
B000MQL2TK NOT NO SHOW I ordered these specifically because they were a brown / light brown no show.  I got some brown boat shoes and wanted to wear socks without looking like a dork.  Not possible!"No show" is not a standard term it appears - these go up higher on my foot than the ankle ones at Walmart.  They go up past my ankle. I would assume a "No Show" sock to not go past the ankle. I'm a size 10.5 for reference.That said they feel pretty comfortable - better quality than a Walmart sock.
B000MQL2TK it is not 84% cotton as it said on the website it is not 84% cotton as it said on the website. I do not remember the exact percentage of cotton but it should be no more than 60%. There will be many little balls at the bottom of the sock.
B000MU87M6 Timberland will not repair this model The Indiglo watches are from a separate manufacturer that no longer carries parts for this model.I recently found this out when I called because the watch I had was 'supposed' to be water proof up to 50 meters.I think they meant 50 centimeters cause I went in the pool and just dipped my arm and the damn watch began to beep.Needless to say it no longer works and Im outta luck.I will never buy another watch from this company.And btw their boots suck also.
B000MX4UGU Great buy, will buy from them again Shoes arrived in perfect conditions in factory wrapping paper and box. Box arrived earlier than was even announced. All together a great buying experience. Will definitely purchase from this store again.
B000MX4UGU Uncomfortable. Hurt feet Theses boots are hailed as the All American boot, but the first thing you see is made in China on the tongue. They are uncomfortable to wear for long periods, and shoe strings break and are hard to find.
B000MX4UGU Can't beat "Timbies". Good quality that lasts. They are really sharp but can be on the heavy size. Then again, it is a boot! Can't go wrong with Timberlands.
B000NKIGNK I love them It is all in the title: I have awkward feet and I know within a second of trying whether I will be happy with a pair of shoes. I certainly am with these: they fit perfectly, look nice, and are comfortable to wear.The only downside is that I need to lock them away as my cat loves the leather shoe lashes:-)
B000NKIGNK Timberland is a Major Brand To Consider When Comparing Boat Shoes in the Marketplace February 7, 2008I wear boat shoes all day everyday along with polos, chinos or jeans. That is because I have worked for others all my life, am now retired and own a business. When I meet clients and friends, they accept my mode of dress as indicative of my success which in and of itself permits my non-conformance and Ralph Waldo Emerson-like self reliance. There are of course hordes of men and women all over the country who wear and love to include boat shoes in their lifestyle for a myriad of reasons and applications. The Timberland people put out a legitimate boat shoe all features considered. These are rugged, smartly styled, very comfortable boat shoes. The company has an immaculate reputation that consumers have relied on for a long time. Although other companies issue notable competition,while I do not know the comparable revenues involved, my recommendation as a Internet product reviewer is to buy Timberland if they are a featured vendor wherever you shop, with the complete realization that your total satisfaction is historically assured.Jay Adler, Music Critic
B000NKIGNK Great shoes and better price than Zappos I have been ordering these shoes about yearly for a long time on Zappos because I have an unusual size.  When I went to re-order this time I was shocked by the price. I checked out Amazon, even though they now own Zappos and found the exact same shoe for about $30 less. I will always also check Amazon for comparison from now on out.
B000NKIGNK very very very strong shoe This shoe is extremely durable, i do electrical work climbing ladders , crawling into spaces, very rough surfaces, i have beat it to the ground, it is indestructible, light, comfortable and easy to put on, i cant even find the words to describe how i abuse these and it wont fall apart, one of the best buys i ever made, if you just lime in these it may last a lifetime
B000NKIGNK Timberland Men Kia Wah Bay Boat shoe Hello Amazon customer service ;I would like to thanks you so much of your good services,and good quality product I have ordered so far,and I will continuing buy from your site in future..Iam very happy ,and waiting for NEW products to come ..Best regardsNabeel Mohammad
B000NKIGNK A great classics shoes Timberland is Timberland!.. quality, design and usefull.In this case the design is very classic but it was what I looking for
B000NKIGNK Disappointed Fit is loose. Outer soul is very thin and flimsy. Looks cheap for this brand. I ended up buying a "comparable" shoe from Docker, that was much more comfortable, with far better looks and durability.
B000OOT2OC Nice design, good quality, troublesome rubber laces. It's a well designed, nicely made shoe. The only possible flaw that I can think of is the rubber laces in a front. If your foot a little bit thicker or higher then a "standard size" that Timberland had in mind for of this model, these laces will soon enough begin to leave rather deep pressure marks on your feet.
B000QDL7DA Good watch, right price. Easy to read numbers although luminance seems weak.  Stem is large for easy setting but I inadvertently adjusted the time on a few occasions.  Nice leather strap that just fit my wrist.  All told, a solid buy that was slightly cheaper than overstock!
B000QDL7J4 There is no weight to it. When I recieved the watch I noticed how light it was.  It is a little on the big side.  It states that the watch is stainless but the middle section of the band is shiney chrome not stainles.  A good looking watch but too shiney for me.
B000QDNBDE hard to read a decent quality, fairly heavy, good looking watch. however, it's difficult to see the numbers unless your in a well lit room and at a near perfect angle, also the backlight is pretty dim. too bad because the grey numbers over the blue background look great, when you can see them.
B000QDNBHK Easy to read, but not very rugged This watch does exactly what it is supposed to do: it tells you the time. In fact, the display is so big, that it tells everyone within 20 ft the time. You could probably still read it that far away. It is the reader's digest large print of watches.It also has a simple yet functional chronograph, timer, and two alarms. Nothing fancy, but very useful. It also has a classy/unique look.The reason it only gets three stars is because it is not very rugged. By that, I mean the metal seems to scratch very easy. I have had it only a week and there are already several scratches in various places on the band and on the watch. The glass over the display seems to be sturdier, no scratches there yet. Also, the watch fell off my bed about 2.5 feet to the floor, and that was enough to reset the watch so that it read january first, 12:00 am.So, to summarize, this watch is great for men with bad eyesight and very long arms who still want to read the time, but if you don't want it to get scratches or reset, be careful with it.
B000QDNBHK Unique to some extent Pros: waterproof, metal case, large digits, relatively bright display, logical operation, accurate, alarm, backlightCons: plastic buttons, no date on main displayThe majority of watches with digital displays have plastic cases, even if they have silvery appearance.  Conversely, if you look for a watch with a metal case, you find that nearly all of them have analog or analog/digital displays.  In my everyday life, though, a watch next to the palm, with a plastic case, gets damaged in a matter of months.  If you want a metal case with a digital display and add the requirement of water resistance, you find only a few models on the market.  If you discard the watches with minuscule digits and/or with displays so dim that they cannot be read (Diesel models), you are basically left with this one.  Note that this watch comes in other color versions for the display, but this version appears to be the brightest.  Seemingly this is due to the combination of the natural tint of the LCD screens and the additional color the manufacturer superimposes for aesthetics.One deficiency of this watch for me has been the metal wristband that is heavy.  I also find such a band unpleasant.  The particular tint of the face comes, unfortunately, always in combination with this band.  However, I found no problem replacing the band with a nylon one.Operation is fairly logical.  One aspect that annoys me is that it is not possible to display the day within the main display, in place of seconds.  You need to switch to another display to see the date.The watch is rather accurate.  While I wear this watch for over 6 months now, I had no need to reset it because of a growing unacceptable discrepancy with the atomic time.  I wear this watch under shower, have swam with it and dived to moderate depths with no problem.  The backlight works fine in the dark.I give it 4 stars, rather than 5, only because of the mentioned date issue.
B000QDPEAM Timberland Men's QT4117102 Eastender Classic Watch Timberland Men's QT4117102 Eastender Classic Watch.Excellent packaging and good watch despacho.buen time seller, would say only that the side shield is very sensitive and open when you least expect, is very useful and versatile.
B000QDPECU Good sport watch My husband bought it a couple of months ago, it looks pretty, and the numbers are really big. The only issue is that you have to take care of it very well because the band can be easily sratched
B000QDPESO Bigger than it seems.. This product is larger than life.  I thought it was a womans watch but it truley looks like it belongs on the wrist of a man.  It is ALL brushed stainless steel unlike the womens black one that is very simular.  You could not wear this watch with a nice evening outfit.  It just wasn't what I was expecting.  But on the other hand it is sporty looking and works just fine and looks best with just jeans an a t-shirt.
B000QDRDB0 Primary red. The face of this watch was more on the primary side.  It did not have a high quality look to it nor did it have the weight of one.
B000QTEAVU cool wach I saw this watch in the mall and really liked it. They were selling it for $199.99 , I found it on Amazon for under a $100 bucks so I ordered it. When i received it a few days later it came in the ordiginal box with all the stickers attached. Some time you order stuff from other places and you wonder if the product is original. Well this one was, i have purchased timberland before and this item was authentic.I am very happy with my purchase. This watch is nice is you have a large wrist. Its a big watch and real nice.
B000QTEAXI HT2, rugged yet stylish! Great watch, plenty of cool features and incredible looks! For example the temperature sensor is conveniently placed as not to be too influenced by your body temperature, nice thought! For big wrists only though...
B000QTEAXI Analog stopped working after 3 months Ok, I do love this watch and everyone who's ever seen it is always amazed by it.  I use this watch for traveling and keeping track of all the timezones I fly between.  I've now owned the watch for about 3 months and the large (left) analog clock stopped working a few days ago.  I just sent it in to get it fixed and don't expect a repaired/replacement for sometime.  Turns out that Timerland doesn't actually make/repair these watches...I guess I shouldn't be surprised since they are a clothing company.  The whole watch runs on a single battery and the fact that one of the analog clocks just stops functioning after 3 months is unacceptable.P.S. And what that other guy says about the temperature reading being accurate is bogus.  The reader is off to the side and will not give you an accurate reading unless you take the watch off and let it sit.
B000QTEAXI good watch All,I got the watch very fast and before time.The watch is very good except for the compass I couldnt configure it even I flowed the instructions in the guide.Regards,Zakariya
B000QW02F0 save your money This style boot is a complete waste of your hard earned money&#8230; DO NOT BUY!!! VERY CHEAPLY MADE DOES NOT LAST AT ALL!!!
B000T8SVUE Al Boreland? Is that you? This shirt is the cats pajamas!I look like the Brawny man when I wear it and its keeps me really warm ta boot!Can be a little itchy so think twice if you plan on not wearing an undershirt or are a "girly man".Shirt will shrink a little after wash.Kinda sad that Woolritch products are made in China now, but so long as we keep buying their stuff and they they keep buying our debt it really doesnt matter!good luck!
B000TK6IMA Keep coming back to this show We bought this shoe in a smaller size for our sons last year and liked it. When we went shopping for shoes this year, we still liked it above all the other offerings.
B000TK6IMA Quality and affordable Bought two pairs for my 7 and 10 year olds. Great shoes that are permitted with their school uniform colors.
B000TK6IMA Very comfortable fit and quality construction oozes good quality and very comfortable fit and walking posture for my foot. Cushioning is just right and if there is one gripe it is that it requires a bit of wriggling in but ultra comfortable once in.
B000TK6IMA sturdy and comfortable I purchased this shoe for my 8 year old to wear to school in Jamaica. I was pleasantly surprised when I received it - these shoes look very nice sturdy and comfortable. Hopefully they will withstand the wear and tear of an active 8 year old.
B000TK6IMA Comfortable and durable Comfortable and durablelives up to expextationsgood producttimberland products that lived up to its qualitymoney well spent
B000UCCQCI Bought last minute at Academy I recently went camping and bought these last minute at Academy. On the trails everyone else was slipping and sliding but me. This is my first pair of real hiking boots so I have nothing to compare them to but regardless they exceeded my expectations. They are very sturdy, very comfortable, and kept me dry and sure-footed on the trail. Definitely worth the price.
B000UCCQEQ Very little breaking in It took very little breaking in but they broke in. I was thinking that they would break in faster, but that may the reason why these boots are so rugged.
B000UCCQEQ bad does not look as good as it looks on the picture and the quality feels awful, and trust me you do not want to deal with the distributors customer service
B000UCCQEQ sweet great boots. comfee, it took less than a day to break in. light and great for my line of work witch is in warehousing. fast shipping and packed with care.
B000UCCQEQ Severely Disappointed This boot wore down so quickly on me, after only about 60 miles of hiking.  The padding in the achilles tendon area gave way to painful plastic that shredded the skin on both feet.I didn't buy these on Amazon so I'm forced to send them back directly to the company.  I followed proper wearing and removal of the boots, unlacing them loosely then slowlyinserting my foot but they still had broken down.  I hope this is not indicative of a lack of quality overall in Timberland.
B000UCCQEQ Great Deal! Got mine at a sale at Macy's - $51 on-sale, plus tax = $55.74! Fit well, and I'm optimistic that getting the model in black will avoid the smudges on the side of my current shoes created while riding my bicycle. The 'bad news' is that these are made in China - no American jobs created.
B000UCCQEQ Like Got them and wear them everyday.They are a little tied but just fit.It makes sound while walking on raining day.
B000VFDDQC good medium size backpak this is for my 8 years old daughter.  she's a petite for her age.  the strap is a little too long for her.  the bag is spacious.  the bottom is wide, however, the top is narrower than i thought.  we can squeez in a binder but it's very tight.
B000VI8UX0 Great school shoe These are really high quality. They are definitely holding up well being used daily as school shoes,  they're really attractive and basic, and my kid can put them on and off by himself. I'd buy them again and again.
B000VI8UX0 Lightweight, sturdy I have bought three (3) of these so far for my boys.  But for the smaller sizes it seems you have to buy it a bit biggerfor it to fit.  The first one I bought for him fit snugly but the second one (12.5) was too small.  However, I also boughta size 5 for the older boy and that still fit and fit very well considering that he has had it for over a year now.The make/style of the shoe is also very good but the best part is the leather which I find is very lasting.  I still havethe first one I bought from the younger boy, just looking for someone to fit into it.  Very pleased with this productand looking forward to purchasing more in the future.
B000VI8UX0 Timberland good for kids The shoes were liked by my boy!!! Easy to put on, comfortable to walk in, easy care, well made and not a bad price.  Let's see how time and usage treats this investment.  Overall I'm pleased with this shoe.
B000VI8UX0 Poor quality I bought these shoes for school, I have always purchased these for my children but this time, the shoe was poorly constructed and lasted only 2 weeks. I am not sure if these were knock offs or what, I have never had the issue when purchasing them from a Timberland store.
B000VIAOMU DURABLE! I have a 3 yr old grandson who put these on immediately with his wool socks and stomped around the house and outside for hours upon arrival! He is very hard on shoes of any kind and we purchased these last year for him as well. Lasted the entire winter!
B000VIAOMU Great Quality Very well built.  Ran a little large compared to his Adidas tennis shoes.  Same quality as my adult version.  He loves them.
B000VIAOMU Perfectos. Excelentes zapatos le quedaron perfectos a mi hijo. LLegaron a tiempo y precisos para escalar; le ha quedado preciso para actividad outdorr
B000VIAOMU not too good I made a mistake Thanks so much for the item, im so happy with it and hope to get more item later. appreciate it.
B000VIAOMU Good Price for Quality Timberlands! Little boy rough-and-rugged!  For my 3 year old grandson - Can only imagine the look on his face when he saw these big-boys!
B000VIAOMU I like them I like the look in person better was pleased that they came in timberland box, as well as knowing they where brand new. Have yet to put them on here but I'm waiting for Christmas.
B000VIAOX4 Timberland Hard to get on can't wear any thick tights with them beacause it's so hard to get your foot in.
B000VICFOU MY 6 YRS OLD DAUGTHER LOVE IT VERY GOOD PRICE. LOOKS HIGH QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE. . I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 6 YRS OLD DAUGHTHER WHO LOVES TO PLAY OUTSIDE AND SHE LOVES THEM. DELIVERED ON TIME
B000VIDXE6 I sent them back.. These are very bulky, and look very synthetic in person. Theyre also very heavy and run a lil smaller, about 1/2 size in my opinion. I love Timberlands, but spend an extra $20 and get the better pair. When I opened the box, my first thought was "ah, thats why these are the most affordable of Timbs".
B000VIDXE6 Exactly what I expected. We had the same type of hiker boots before, now just ordered bigger size. And it was exactly what I expected.Boy enjoys his boots, cat enjoys his new toy - shoebox ;-)
B000VIDXE6 Great boot Well made, love the style, comfort.  Added lambswool insoles for added warmth and cushion.  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, so good!
B000VQ9QKS Short laces Would have given them  5 stars of laces were longer. I've bought these same boots maybe 5 years ago, and the laces are at least 2 inches shorter now. I barely have enough length to tie them. Terrible decision to cut back in length. Otherwise they are great
B000VQ9QKS Not for bony feet My foot is dainty and thin and these boots are for fatter feet.  They are very nice but the front of my foot swam around in them.  Since the lacing does not extend closer to the toes but starts more than midway up  it did not help in the matter.  too bad, so sad.
B000VQ9QKS Very Comfortable and Secure I have had an ankle rebuilt twice and am very fearful of falling. These give me stability yet are comfortable. Great to be able to walk my dogs without fearing an ankle injury.
B000VQ9QKS Good buy Ordered online and the fit and comfort were great. Only concern is that the laces appear weak and one side started fraying soon after it arrived. I went hiking along the Orinoco Delta and in the Venezuelan jungle with these and they stood the test. If the laces are the only issue, its definitely worth the investment
B000VQ9QKS Great Boots I love these except 2 things that I hope won't be an issue:  the tongue is a little short, and the ankle is a little tight.  Only worn them once so I am sure they will break in nicely.  Overall super comfy in the foot area, padding, etc.
B000VQ9QKS So fix I can now believe they are fix to wear, they are  so light to wear,I hope I will try them on in the rainy day and will say so good in the rainy days.
B000VQ9QKS Poor design Avoid these boots. Not worth the hospital bills that can ensue. The problem is with the poor design of the hook closure at the top of the boots. They stick out so far, they have a tendency to grab the laces on the other boot while you're walking. The laces too are an accident waiting to happen.They're fat and puffy. No matter how hard  you try to tuck them in, they bounce right back out.They refuse to lie flat. They won't stay tucked under the leather at the top. Easy for the hooks on the other boot to grab them while you're walking. The effect is like a football player tackling you and bringing you down. Your feet can't move, but the rest of your body is still in motion.I was slammed down to the pavement when my Timberland boots with a similar design hooked together as I was walking. Broke a wrist. Had to have a titanium plate installed to straighten it out. Still fighting Timberland to recover hospital costs including surgery.Penelope Otton
B000VQ9QKS excited to go on a hiking trip w these! bought these boots for an upcoming trip in may and im really glad i purchased these in particular. spacious! i hv wide feet so these gave me ample room for my toes. what wondered me most about these boots was the fact that i didnt need to break them in; went on a 5mi hike the first time i used them and my feet werent hurting at all during or after. i definitely recommend these.
B000VQ9QKS No problems Got these for a sightseeing trip through Asia after foot surgery and they are fantastic.  No blisters, not too heavy and look great with leggings or jeans.  Wish I could wear them all the time!!
B000VQ9QKS Reasonable w room for improvement Not bad for the price.  My only complaint is that the top bends down and touches the top of my feet when I walk.  Otherwise it would be a 4 star.
B000VQBPOS Comfortable and Sturdy I bought these boots for a Scottish Highlands walk and loved them more and more with every step.  They are very comfortable and did not need any breaking in. They did indeed keep the moisture out. Fantastic price for a very good boot.
B000VQBPOS Amazon Verified Purchase Well after spending $85.00 on a pair of boots that were supposed to be a wide width I then had to take them to a shoe shop twice to have them stretched before I could even wear them.I will deffinately buy these kind of boots from in store before ordering online again. They were just so narrow they were almost going to go back but I decided to spend the extra dollars to have them stretched and thank god it worked or I would have been out alot of money. I suggest if you want to buy Timberlands go to a store and try them on first!!!
B000VQBPOS Gotta love the Timbs I absolutely love Timberland's Nellie Chukkas, but I found the Tabasco ones fit a bit narrow across the ball line despite the Medium indicator on the size. I also found the same thing true with my Porcelain ones. Length was fine. I'll just have to break these in a little more carefully than the others I own.
B000VQBPOS great & believe it or not...stylish Somehow my teen gets away with wearing them with short-shorts and no-see socks....and we live in the north.  Truly, it is a look to behold.  She and her friends love it--my husband and I wonder....she wears them a lot so they must be comfy for all day at school wear.
B000VQBPOS BITRTHDAY GIRL I BROUGHT MY GIRL A PAIR FOR HER BIRTHDAY AND SHE LOVES THEM.SHE WANTS TO WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME.SHE SAYS THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE AND THEY REALLY LOOK GOOD WITH HER JEANS.I MADE HER A VERY HAPPY WOMAN ON HER BIRTHDAY!
B000VQBPOS Ouch! Ordered these a few days ago and when I first tried them on, I liked them EXCEPT the right boot is MUCH narrower than the left, even though they're both listed as Medium width. I have narrow feet & the right one pinches.After the first day trying to break them in, my ankles were SORE AS HELL from where the top of the boot rests. The material is just too hard & there's no give to them at all while walking. Lace these very loosely or you will be sorry! I can only hope that they become more flexible with time. Won't be ordering these again. What a waste.  :(
B000VQBPOS she loved the boots I ordered these for my daughter for christmas she loved themshe has been wearing them everyday even when we have had 70 degree weatherthank you
B000VQBPOS Great look, completely uncomfortable I bought these and while they look great, they are painful to wear. I thought I just needed to break them in, but after wearing them over the winter, they are still painful to wear. I can only wear them for an hour or two a time. They are too rigid and simply can't be broken in. There is no give at all so I can't lace them up. They actually change the way I walk. If I wanted to wear uncomfortable shoes, I would just wear heels.
B000VQBPOS Timberland Women's Nellie Premium Ankle Boot,Black,7 W I love Timberland shoes and my last pair was suede rather than leather.  When I saw these I had to have them, but one thing that isn't right is the tongue is way too hard and too long. When I take a step it digs into my foot. My advice to Timberland is to either shorten the tongue of the shoe or make it softer.
B000VQBPOS Great boots, fabulous price - but squeaky! Love these Timberlands that I got for a great price on Amazon. Quality, well-made, and will last beyond forever here in Southwest Florida where (hopefully) we only need shoes for a month every year. But the squeak! They can hear me coming from the next zip code over! I've tried everything from shoe polish (no good) to cooking spray (much better), but it wears off before long and I'm back to making a racket!
B000VQDBU4 Comfortable Clogs I got these clogs to wear to a college football game-lots of walking!  They were up to the test. They are comfortable and great to wear!
B000VQDBU4 Very Styllsh Clog Really, why did Timberland discontinue this Shertang style--what were they thinking? I own another pair in red suede and was overjoyed to find the black leather on Amazon at such a great price. (Timberland, please bring the style back!!) These are the sleekest looking and comfortable clogs around. The raised crepe sole and 2" height of the  heel are tapered and the stitching makes the difference between looking stylish rather than clunky and dowdy; this clog is well balanced and perfect for walking, dress up or down, and I love the  full leather of the padded footbed. They run true to size, but you might need a half size bigger if you wear a heavy sock.
B000VQFNLE THE "foot vehicle"  to buy Wanted:  A shoe that is comfortable lounging around inside the house - but - at a moment's notice can dash outside and keep it's owner safe and warm.  Must live up to the Postal Code - neither rain, sleet, snow or the dead of night will prevent me from protecting my owner's fair feet.  Okay, I did take literary license.But if this is the shoe, or should I say, "foot vehicle", that you are looking for - look no further than this slip-on.
B000VQHO16 Beautiful style, not shaped to the leg I love the style of these boots, however, they did not offer the nice shaping to the leg that I desired. The ankle area was a bit too roomy for me. I have slim legs though, so that may also be a factor. They also ran about half a size too big for me. They were a tad too expensive to not have all the qualities I wanted, so I returned them.
B000VW69IY Top quality and great fit! These are very comfortable and I love the way the heel is made to prevent slippage. Very high quality. Highly recommended.
B000VW69IY normal Timberland has always been very popular with consumers, so it lived up to expectationsIt is classy as usual, looks and feels rugged, like its gonna be there forever. Great value for money.
B000VW69IY Strange leather dye The sandals are comfortable....if they are for fishing why wouldn't Timberland make a non-slip sole rather than the no-grip on wet polished floors (good grip on rocks)  the light brown dye comes off on the top of my instep leaving brown stain on skin and on socks when worn.
B000VW69IY Terrific - if different - Fisherman Sandal This is a really different idea in warm weather foot wear. I ordered a pair of the 'saddle tan' in my smaller normal size (10.5) and was surprised they were as large as they were. Examining the impeccable sewing and choice of materials I was surprised when I removed the shaped insoles and found they were at least three times thicker than any of my other insoles (including aftermarket replacements). The lugs and the sewing on the soles are amazingly comfortable and with thin wool shorty socks are cool even in our hot, humid summer weather.Good looking, comfortable and hopefully sturdy for the long haul. A Good buy ...
B000VW69IY Classic model- hope they're around forever Still like 'em. Always hard to get the size right. A same model I bought in Europe that's a perfect fit (without socks) is a 9W yet I'm convinced that on that model the makers labelled it wrong as it's not two whole sizes smaller than the 11.... Go figure...Ordering via the Internet has its pluses and minuses...
B000VW69IY Exactly What I was looking for Sizing was true (sometimes you have to go larger)I liked having a solid heal (instead of a strap)Very ComfortableNice Looking
B000VW69IY Comfortable! True to size and very comfortable.The colour is more sober than in the picture, not eye-catching brown. Worth every penny!
B000VW69IY Be CAREFUL!! This is my 2nd pair of Timberland sandal/shoes, the first of the Altamont Fisherman variety. They are really excellent in construction, comfort, material quality, appearance, durability, etc., therefore a little pricey. If you have any Timberland shoes at all, you already know that. (I'm getting a small blister on one foot from the leather seam in the collar, but that's the only comfort issue here. Eventually that will resolve on its own.)Just BEWARE, the name &#34;Fishermans&#34; Sandal can be very misleading. My prior pair had a true boat-shoe sole, with hundreds of interlocking hexagons in a honeycomb pattern to channel water away while providing a large surface area of rubber to contact the floor surface. This shoe, however, I do not recommend ever wearing on any boat or any other slippery surface. LIterally, just mopping my floor while wearing these made me extremely glad to be an ice hockey player with superior reflexes and balance, because even a damp surface that you're actively trying to AVOID touching will send you suddenly skating and sliding. That no one mentioned this hazard in the dozens of reviews I read is inexplicable. The soles are incredibly slick, and the tiny nubs only accentuate that fact by giving you far less surface area in contact with the floor or deck than most any other shoe. Don't run through rainy parking lots or come to a sudden halt after coming under cover from a wet surface, unless you are an expert skater with excellent balance, core strength and fine motor skills, or a lot of padding to fall on. If you don't remember to heed this warning, try not to extend your hands to catch yourself, the fractured or dislocated wrist from doing so is one of the most common of orthopedic injuries.Also BEWARE when ordering--I normally wear a size 11.5 in shoes I wear with socks, sometimes 12. With these, however, I had to send back the 10.5 and get the size 10, which fit perfectly. Recommend ordering at least a full size smaller than you normally wear; they run HUGE. Fortunately Amazon has a lenient return policy, as you will find out if you ignore this bit of free sizing advice.
B000VW69IY Loved it This shoe fitted just right. Highly reccommended to friends and family!!!No adjystment needed.I would purchase tis item again.
B000VW69IY Very Pleased~` The shoes fit like a glove and their very comfortable. The sole is super soft and bouncy, which provides a cushy feeling. My feet thank me every time I wear them!
B000VW69IY Worthy Sandals Wore out one pair awhile ago.  Decided to try another brand because it was less expensive.  The comfort and style didn't come close to that of Timberland.  I had even developed corns before I gave them up and went back online to gladly pay a little more for Timberland's.  As expected they fit perfectly, compliments when I wear them are frequent, the superb quality and design are very fashionable, topped with soft and complete comfort.
B000VW69IY I got what I paid The shoes fit my feet very nicely, meet my requirement.My wife wants me buy a better one.The one costs $124.xx
B000VW69IY Great This had a wonderful fit, feels very durable and comfortable. It stands to indicate that time was taken in the design of the shoe. It arrived as expected and in the time frame expected.
B000VW69IY Comfortable Walking Sandal I bought these for a sightseeing tour in SE Asia, so sole support and tread were important.  It was going to be extremely hot, so I wanted something that would let my feet breath. I was also planning to visit a lot of temples, so I needed something that I could slip off and on quickly.  This shoe met all of those criteria.  I even had immersed them in water (getting off a boat) and they did not fall apart.  I ordered the same size that I normally wear (ignore the sizing chart online - you'll order something way too big), and it ft perfectly.
B000VW69IY not the same ! the box is marked 8M, but the shoe is marked 8.when they were made in INDIA they were 8M. now they are made in CHINIA and they are different.
B000VW69IY Good style This is my 3rd pair.  I wear them each summer and summer in Texas is from Easter to Thanksgiving.  I like the heal and toe enclosed.  Only improvement would be to have a sole last longer.  They wear down too fast to the hollow tubes and then begin to pick up small pebbles and etc.  But I do get a lot of miles out of them.
B000VW69IY Great summer shoe These are great shoes for the summer, slacks, jeans and shorts.  I have only had them a couple of weeks but I'm thinking of ordering another pair as I seen where they were not making them anymore.  Amazon is Amazing !!
B000VW69IY sizing info Men'sUSA 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10.5 11 11.5 12 13 14 15 16UK 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10.5 11 11.5 12.5 13.5 14.5 15.5Europe 39 39.5 40 41 41.5 42 43 43.5 44 44.5 45 45.5 46 47.5 49 50 51Japan 24 24.5 25 25.5 26 26.5 27 27.5 28 28.5 29 29.5 30 31 32 33 34Brazil - - 38 39 - 40 - 41 42 - 43 - 44 45 - 47 -
B000VW69IY Best fitting and comfortable sandles I bought this pair of sandles (11W) about a week ago and from the first day these sandles felt very comfortable to wear.
B000VW69IY What I like all good...please keep this product on the market...I purchased size 10.5 which is a half size and very hard to get; this version of sandal is the only one out there besides Streetcars (which are not generally available.) What is important to me here is the closed toe for banging into rocks etc. as well as the closed heel back which makes them easy to slip on in a hurry. Allot of the competition has the floating back which means you often have to sit down in order to secure the back floating heel strap. These breathe very well in the summer. I wear them all around with half socks. LOVE EM!
B000VW69IY Timberland's are the BEST! All I can say is wow!  I've always been a huge fan of Teva's - and still am - but these Timberlands are the nicest sandals I've ever seen.  I get a lot of compliments on them, they're comfortable, and they don't seem to get as sweaty as my Teva's do.
B000VW69IY Almost what I wanted The size is good, the sewing is good, everything really except for the insole.The insole makes my feet sweaty. I consider buying a new insole to replace with the original one.I might add that the sandals were a bit too expensive as well.
B000VW69IY Well made, but heavy and not cool I got these shoes to be everyday sandals that I could wear to a nice restaurant without my girlfriend whining about it. The shoes are extremely well made, I can see them lasting for a while. I usually wear an 11 wide, and they fit as expected. However, they are quite heavy; heavier than most sneakers or dress shoes. They also aren't as cool as I'd hoped. Anything above about 80 degrees with decent humidity, and these guys will get real nasty real quick if you aren't wearing socks. It also took a few weeks to fully break them in, but once the blisters healed they became quite comfortable. I did rinse them off in hot water when I got them, but my feet still ended up covered in dermatitis, so I would definitely recommend giving them a thorough scrubbing with soap before wearing them.Pros:-Well made-ComfortableMehs:-Dermatitis and blistersCons:-Heavy-Hot in summer
B000VW69IY Soaring To say that it is like walking on air is not much of an exaggeration, especially with a slight breezeBob HelveyLouisville, KY
B000VW69IY Comfort and Style These are very comfortable. I've been wearing for about a month now and the best compliment I can give a pair of shoes is that I forget I'm wearing them. These seem to be very good for walking, I live about a mile and a half from town and we (my dog and I) take shortcuts across fields, through wooded areas, and part is along roadsides or sidewalks - these do it all with style and comfort.
B000VW69IY Good Design Brand is better, my friends choose this brandStyle betterI personally like leather, easier to take care of, a discount code just fine.
B000VW69IY Great comfort Great and comfortable light and durable but the soiling should be more stronger I slip and the soiling rape apart
B000VW69IY Mostly sunny with chance of showers by the afternoon Khakis are considered formal wear in our office, so they are in that 'sweet spot' of fashion as well as being quite comfortable for long periods. They seem to run a little on the large side by a half to whole size.
B000VW69IY Quality, value and ease when wearing. very comfortable and the expeditious manner of receiving them before Summer's end. Would recommend them to all. I like their appearance and comfort.
B000VW69IY The shoes are in good quality Everything is the same as in Amazon's advertising pictures. So, it deserves, but the size is bigger than inChina, I buy 42, it leaves some space in the front. It is OK, the feet need air.
B000VW9RFG Defective Shoe, Terrible Customer Service We purchased these shoes and my husband wore them pretty steadily for a year.  All of the sudden, he noticed a bit more air getting to his toes and realized that the entire front of the shoe had torn away from the sole.  The stitching had completed gone through the leather, so we could only go to back to Timberland for a repair, not a quick sole replacement from the local shoe repairman.  I wrote to Timberland no less than 5 times asking them if they were covered by warranty.  Three of those times I received the "auto reply" answer that never answered my questions or said no, that they weren't not willing to do this service. I was willing to pay for full repairs as the other shoe was completely fine, obviously a defect in this particular shoe.  Finally, I received a note from Timberland USA telling us they were sending my claim to their Belgian/Netherlands office...my address is an APO in Belgium (it's still a completely American transaction).  A response came from the Belgian office shortly afterwards that they didn't not deal with overseas purchases as it was an American transaction.  I gave up.  Timberland promises quality and customer service...in the form of "auto reply", beyond that, they just can't figure it out. I won't be buying from them again.
B000VWCBUY Cool and Comfortable - Great For Looking Great In Jeans I have a damaged foot that made me worry about cool and comfortable boots/shoes again.These along with the Mt Rainer trainers are fantastic and so, so comfortableThanks TimberlandDavidps Only minus? Not made in the US or UK.....
B000VWDBEE SATISFACTION Item as expected from this famous brand name.Very comfortable shoes ideal for walking.Size as ordered and quality as expected.Delivery fast and correct.I AM VERY SATISFIED ANS I WILL BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN
B000VWEHJW Online shoe shopping skeptic Timberland quit making the soft toe pro titans that I liked so I picked up these instead. Timberland's sizing was very consistent from the pro titan to the montgomery bay. I jumped right in by wearing them to work in the prison. My job takes me from fence to fence. After just four months I couldn't wait to throw these shoes in the trash. I had to see a doctor about the foot pain that I developed which turned out to be plantar fasciitis. Can't say for certain that these shoes were the cause but I never had this condition before. I have grown to appreciate the timberland pro titans and hope they bring them back otherwise timberland has lost this customer.
B000VWEP12 Please don't say they've discontinued them! I have had a pair of these for about 5 years. Best shoes ever. I have worn them to death (and now that they are finally starting to fall to pieces it looks like Timberland have discontinued them. Say it ain't so! Timberland: bring them back!!Incidentally: they were very uncomfortable at first - the backs played hell with my heels, but I wore them like Moroccan slippers, trampling down the heels round the house for a while, and: hey presto.
B000VWER5G STAY AWAY FROM THESE SHOES!!!! I purchased these shoes through Sierra Trading Post for $52.00 Needless to say they are very lightweight and comfortable. But they have major issues with de-lamination of the sole. Only after 1 week, areas of the sole were separating. I did not feel like fooling around and sending them back. So, I just gave them to Goodwill.
B000VWFWXW Don't get the black pair I have had these in brown since 2003, nothing wrong with them at all and looking like a geek...well, must be the geek that's wearing them then.  I have no comments from anyone and think they are very comfortable.
B000VWI0R2 Okay but not great Timberland must be in the boot business cause this oxford is pretty clunky. Since buying these I have found better models of black nubucks. These are fairly heavy shoes. While not uncomfortable they do have a bit of the "Dutch Wooden Shoe look". I would not recommend these at more than half price.
B000VWIB26 Comfortable and Rugged There are VERY comfortable right out of the Box! This is my 3rd Pair, and I wear them more than any other footware. Rugged and long lasting too !
B000VWIB26 Retail's answer for flat feet If you live retail, man or woman Timberland's Smart System with BSFP is for you! This is a great shoe. Keep the box because you will want to remember your size and sytle to reorder--thank goodness, I did.No need to break these bad boys in.Since humans have never fully devoped into bi-pedalism, our knees and hips will hurt more as we get older. When I am CEO and if my workers are required to stand for longer periods, it will be in my corporation's Bylaws to purchaes the shoes (like these) for the employee--what would Darwin do? Honestly, these shoes with my RX insoles save me allot of grief.
B000VX01MS Great..... but Hot I wear Topsider style shoes most every day.  All different brands such as Sebago, West Marine, Sperry, Timberland..... This Timberland Anapolis shoe in my opinion is great looking and has great support.  It feels wonderful when you first put them on. The only negative (and it's somewhat of a big one for me) is that they make my feet too hot.  I believe they shoud have made some air holes in the side.  I went so far as to drill two holes myself in the side of each.
B000VX01V4 Wearing everyday now I love it. wearing it everyday now. fits well and goes along with pants or Bermudas. But the sole is thin. I added another sole to make it more comfortable.
B000VX01V4 Not very accurate manufacture of footwear. Departure came quickly. Shoes good quality. Size is correct. But the right shoe is narrower and slightly lighter than the left. I'm a little disappointed.
B000VX01V4 Just like my old original Up to 5 stars. These are the same as my old ones. Love them!Conditional 4 stars based on initial wearing. I take a 9 1/2 which was the size of my old ones that are well broken in. I ordered the new ones in 9 1/2 and they fit perfectly. Quality seems just the same as my old ones, so I am puzzled by the negative reviews. Time may tell, but so far I am pleased with the shoes.I would recommend these over the Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe,Taupe, which I tried and returned because the instep was too large and tight for my foot.
B000VX01V4 The orange insoles Bleed Not really having a problem with sweaty feet, I was surprised the the orange inserts bleed a whole bunch..if you wear dark socks you may not notice it..lighter colors will definitely be visible.  Absolutely no foot support..I did not buy them for boating but have noticed that in about 3 days of walking  the little ridges for gripping the surface are gone..so these will probably be good for about only 4 months and time for another brand...Uppers seem to be of OK quality at this price point
B000VX01V4 Blue Kiss's Review Those who are familiar with this Timberland Classic Boat shoe will know that the rubber sole is not stitched onto the leather upper. It is glued on.The leather quality is excellent. It is a handsome shoe that is very comfortable and sturdy enough to last 1-2 years until the rubber sole wears smooth and becomes slippery. i dun think there is a need to resole them as at the incredible price that i bought them for at $56.25 USD (discounted), you could just buy a new one as replacement!I feel really good about this buy as in my country Singapore, these particular shoes retails at $186 USD! And they are part of Singapore Timberland boutique's "Core" range of products and NEVER EVER go on sale. I saved 230% on amazon.com! This savings did not take into account shipping yet. It shouldn't be that expensive. And if it only ships to within USA, just use a 3rd party shipping company that ships to your country! (Vpost for Singaporeans)
B000VX01V4 Used to be great I bought a pair a year ago, which have given me nothing but pain and blisters.  Surprising, as the pairs I bought in the 1990s were perfect.  I'm pained to see this is a common problem, and might mean that yet something else that used to be quality is quality no longer.Definitely will check these out in the regular store, rather than buying without thinking about it.
B000VX01V4 uncomfortable and cheaply made I'm going back to Rockports!  The shoe is uncomfortable, and after a weekend's wearing, already looks worn. Insole is lumpy.
B000VX01V4 love it! It was exactly as describes at about 2/3 the cost of Timberland's pricing.It shipped quicly and I am very happy with them.
B000VX01V4 The goods has the obvious quality problems When I receive the goods found in the shoes of the head have obvious damage, other parts have obvious flaws
B000VX01V4 how's this best deck shoe around  the rest of this review is to achieve the sixteen words required for an acceptable review
B000VX01V4 Very disappointing The photo of this shoe is very misleading.  It looks as if it had a true non-slip sole of real rubber for serious gripping on a wet deck.  But on direct examination that proves far from true.  It slips mercilessly on even dry surfaces, and does not have real razor sliced rubber soles.  There are fake surficial imitations of a sliced sole, and the rubberlike color belies its actual material which slips badly on all surfaces.  This is a dancing shoe, not for use on boats.
B000VX01V4 Comfortable shoes These are great. Initially purchased for a wedding, wore them for a sailboat race, and now i wear them to work all the time.  Very versatile.
B000VX01V4 Problem I still don't get this item. I think there was a problem in Florida and they still there. Hope to get them in a few weeks
B000VX01V4 Insole Came off The shoe insole came off after 4 months and only with used of less than 15 times! Can be seen that the amount of glue used is minimum and only at the edges of the insole. Greatly dissapointed.
B000VX01V4 Timberland Men's Boat Shoe My husband has worn these Timberland boat shoes for years.  He put these on and pronounced them a winner.  I liked the price which was better than department store sales.Mary
B000VX01V4 Hardly Classic Timberland once made fantastic boat shoes.  They used Vibram for the soles and they had true deck soles that lasted for 5+ yrs.  But they lost there way.  Now the "boat" shoe they produce is not fit for the deck.  They've padded everything and built up the insole so getting them wet is an ugly affair.  These are now common street shoes.  The "Classic" had me hoping for more throwback than just the basic style.  Get me back to 1995 so I can buy 10 pair of the real thing.
B000VX01V4 Great, Comfortable Fit! Was a apprehensive when I first put on the deck shoes because I wear orthotics.  However, once I loosened the shoe strings and re-tied,  they went on like a good pair of gloves  Soft leather tops and durable rubber soles.  They broke in right away. Very comfortable.
B000VX01V4 A fairly poor imitation of a Sperry Topsider After all the years deck shows I'd expect better.  The leather  materials are third rate. The shoe body is hard and hasn't loosened up or broken in at all.  The Rawhide tie is harder and less flexible. It will not tie in a knot so you have to jerry rig it to keep the shoes on.I don't think I've ever had such unsatisfactory shoes.  unfortunately I had a hip replacement just after I got them and needed the thin sole to clear the clutch pedal once I could drive again. By the time I got walking well and could pack them they were too scuffed to return.Find the extra money and get real Sperrys
B000VX01V4 The classic boating shoes the classic boating shoes, and Timberland!! nothing else to sayQuality, confortable, classic, perfect!!excelent sole to wet floorsrecomend 9 over 10 points
B000VX01V4 Completely Satisfied Everything occurred as promised, shoes seem just as expected.  I am wearing on holiday now on the coast, now all I need is a deck!
B000VX01V4 I hate them - Not the shoe pictured I'm very disappointed, the shoes I got look nothing like the one pictured here. The color is pretty much the only thing that's the same. The soles are more like those you'd find on Timberland boots. The area around the ankle is padded and doesn't take the shape of your foot even when the laces are drawn tight. This is not a boat shoe, they belong on a construction site. I'll never buy another pair of Timberlands again.-----This is what was shipped to me (Timberland Men's Icon 3-Eye Classic Lug Chukka Boot):Timberland Men's Icon 3-Eye Classic Lug Chukka Boot
B000VX01V4 Size is quite unfit The back is too large and can't hold the heel. Don't know why the design is like that. I'm disappointed for the purchase.
B000VX01V4 Uncomfortable as can be Hard sole, really hard, , very bad padding inside if you could call them pads?????they look nice butare very very HARDGet Sperry instead
B000VX01V4 Best value boat shoe I have tried other brands and always realize I should stick with Timberland.  The leather is soft enough to be comfortable and firm enough that I just slip them on and go.
B000VX01V4 Not the same old Timberland I was disappointed in the quality and expected more from Timberland. Even the insole fell out when I lifted them out of the box!  They just aren't the same quality they used to be.
B000VX03GC Not bad I have only worn once and will wear for the next 3 weeks for my Scandinavian tour and will know whether is it good or not.
B000VX03GC Great Boot WOW what a great boot. Immediately after putting these on I grabbed a screwdriver and starting building a house when I was done I was able to lay back and wonder at what a great boots these are and then went on a hike of mt.chkura with equal comfort and amazement. Don't miss out on these buy them with a new turtle and they will do you wright.
B000VX03GC Can't Be Beat I hiked 165 miles of the Ozark Highland Trail with these boots in six days. Out of the eleven members of my group I was the only one without blisters or ankle injuries. The boots fit very comfortably, the ankle support is superb, the waterproofing is simply unbelievable, and they will last through at least two years of daily wear in an outdoor work environment.
B000VX03GC Amazon This boots is really good the material and everthing is really really authentic the price is really worth it i bought it for my brother in law and he wears it almost everyday and he loves it................
B000VX03GC If the shoe fits, wear it Can't add much to the many rave reviews. This model should stay in production indefinitely. When you get a design right don't change it for the sake of change.
B000VX03GC timberland boots timberland is always true to thier size and fit. will keep wearing thier shoes/boots because of all around quality of thier products.
B000VX03GC poor quality I was disappointed after reading reviews,shoes were of poor quality (cheap insloes),made my ankles and feet sore. I will be returning them.
B000VX03GC Felt Great Out of the Box I had never owned a pair of Timberland Boots Before. I really like these. I bought them for working on the Farm. I like the Gortex, and the bit of extra Height on them. I know I will have to get a better set of liners for my feet but that is no biggie. For what I needed, I got.
B000VX03GC Feels like metal hitting foot Have had problems with the comfort level.  It seems like a hard substance inside the boot is hitting my ankle which makes it difficult to wear.
B000VX03GC Fit and functioned out of the box These fit my wide feet perfectly out of the box. Put them on and took a quick 3 mile hike around our mountainous PA home with nary a discomfort.
B000VX03GC Timberland must be slipping Warning, these boots are more like a C width. After owning other Timberlands in the past, I may never buy them again. :(
B000VX03GC very good! great shoe,comfortable,it's made in china! I am very well.like it is. It's such a comfortable shoe.timberband&#12290; &#12290; &#12290; &#12290; &#12290; &#12290;
B000VX03GC in his ankle small after tests on the street, I'll write more podrobnoe woman from Russia, took themselves of the male model. My leg 24 cm wide and very high ascent. came up fine.But in ankle boots almost do not converge. Apparently, since I am a rather large woman, but still they could do more side ahead of the Shoe for protection from water and wind
B000VX03GC Don't even gamble with it. Timberland has really gone downhill in the past decade concerning quality.  I ordered a size 13, the tongue of the boot belonged on a size 8 at the largest.  This caused the top of both feet to be uncomfortable.  This is made worse by the fact my left foot is slightly larger than my right.  A small tongue does't secure the foot as well, and after about 8 miles I had rubbed my heel down to the fat tissues below what skin was left (this was through a thick pair of wool socks). This isn't the only place they skimped quality, after one 20 mile backpacking trip the stitching on the leather began to separate.  After one trip!I'm not even going to play with the idea of owning anything Timberland again.  They hung up their quality hat a long time ago, and are simply marketing with their (previously respectable) brand name.
B000VX03GC sizing is no longer reliable Major hiking boot manufacturer seem to have begun trying to fit wide sizing on medium sole bases.  I do not understand the reasoning behind this, but it limits me to those that offer 4E sizing.
B000VX03GC Good Quality an GoreTex, Got Dirty all the Time Even walk in the city you would get dirly on the shoes quickly by its design and choice of leather processing method.
B000VX03GC good deal! These Timberland boots are great for the money and fit as i expected :) II live in Afghanistan and the envirment here is very rough and severe,,,mountains and desserts and rocks all over the place,and these boots have held up for the past 6 months more than i expected. I give it the 5 star dudes! :)
B000VX03GC Bad toe box design I have owned and loved Timberlands since 1994. My last pair was the White Ledge.  These appeared to be basically the same boot but with Gore Tex. I loved the white ledges so much that I thought these would be a great upgrade with the Gore Tex lining. Since the outsole is the same and similar lacing.  However, there is one design difference and it is a bad one. The the leather of the toe box and the leather strips that the lacing bolts run through, they meet and overlap at the top of the toe box. Since they overlap, it is not as flexible as the surrounding leather, and when you step forward, the extra firm leather digs straight down crushing my toes. I am hoping after more hikes and unfortunately more suffering, they may break in.  This is unfortunate and downgrades an otherwise exceptional boot. I wish I would have stayed with the white ledge instead.
B000VX03GC Timberland 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boot I originally ordered 11 D and found they were too tight in width but the length was just right.  I returned those as directed by Amazon and ordered 11 E.  The fit allows for a good heavy pair of socks, just right.  The construction is as expected from Timberland, exceptional.
B000VX03GC Surprisingly Comfortable and Stylish The most comfortable boot I've ever owned including Nike ACG right out of the box. I bought them for rainy days at work but I'm having a hard time taking them off. My number one choice in footwear right now.
B000VX03GC very comfortable... eexcellent quality! I wear them for work in a hospital for 12 hours and I walk around5-6 miles a shift.... on hard floor so I need  to be comfortable andcan get in a hurry for responses in code blues....
B000VX03GC It's okay I can only say that it also line , because I bought send me a Chinese friend , but it is significantly larger . And inconvenient to replace , because it is now in China .
B000VX03GC So far, so good! Quick shipping, but hey that is Prime for you.So far has been completely waterproof, although the goretex's ability to breathe has always made me question..But the thinsulate keeps my feet nice and toasty, through backwoods and motorcycle rides.Laces showed up frayed on the right shoe, but those are already waiting to be replaced, so no biggie.I shall update when there are things to be heard!
B000VX03GC Light weight comfort Size was as expected. The shoes are light weight and really comfortable. I will update after my trip to Borneo
B000VX03GC Wonderful shoe I wore this straight out of the box. No need to break in as the inner linnings are comfortable. Very good fit. Rugged enough for trekking and also stylish enough for informal wear.
B000VX03GC Terrible Quality I had them for two weeks that I actually hiked in them and they left my feet soaked just from walking in snow, and the soles are almost completely worn out already. Would not reccomend buying these spend 10-20 dollars more and buy Merrell.
B000VX03GC leather-hard The leather is very hard, and it has hurt my foot. But it look like very cool and strong, I wear it with thick stockings.
B000VX03GC Its okay its okay, loved the design but found that it fits just a tab tight across the top of my feet.
B000VX03GC Puckered I knew something wasn't quite right when I noticed the right bootlace is 8 inches shorter than the left. No biggie, just odd. The leather uppers, however, don't fit either. The uppers seem to be from a larger last than the lowers fit. This makes the uppers pucker and bulge at the sole. All this said, the boots wear well and are correctly sized, and comfortable. I see why this item is marked down a lot, considering the Gore-Tex: they appear to be seconds.
B000VX03GC good shoes i usually do not buy shoes online because each company has a slightly different standards for sizes, but this one matched the correct size of my foot. both pairs are about 1.5-2 lbs, the foot sits confortably inside, and is well insulated. i owned it for a year and till now i have not had cold toes (i live in ohio and the temperatures are in the low 30's to mid 20's in the winter). the colors are nice and the material is of good quality, my only concern is that the sole is not sown into the shoe, but glued to it, so with water and stress the sole might seperate, but a year and a half wearing the shoe and no signs of wear.
B000VX03GC These are the best all around boots I bought these at Dick's a year ago and love them.  They come in wide sizes so a great fit is easy.  They are high enough to give you super ankle support and yet not so high that they are uncomfortable or restrict ankle movement.  I did replace the laces with heavier duty ones from Bass Pro.  The original wear out easily due to the quick lace grommets having  somewhat  abrasive edges.  These are probably the most comfortable footwear I own and i have Merrell, New Balance, Borns and other high comfort shoes.  These boots are so great that I ordered another pair (from Amazon this time) in black to wear when I  ride my motorcycle. I do recommend adding heavy duty laces and a pair of Sof Sole Men's Airr Lightweight Insole Shoe insoles to make the fit even more PERFECT.
B000VX03GC Niice hiking boot! I just climbed Mt Monadnock in southern NH with easy, joy and comfort with my new light weight Timberland Chocurua Boots and plan to do the Chocurua Trail in the northerner part of NH next week.
B000VX03GC Best value These boots are amazing especially considering their price. Gortex too.  I took these for a 10 mile hike through Shennendoah, and I didn't have any issues. They kept me dry when I was crossing a stream.  Highly recommended if you want a solid pair of boots for a good value. I picked the same size I wear for New Balance tennis shoes and thought they fit well.
B000VX03GC Very supportive! Waiting for a size 11w. Otherwise, very solidly comfortable! I would heartily recommend them! I  believe that these boots are worthwhile!
B000VX03GC Timberline Men's 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boot Brown/Brown 10.5 I have not worn this shoe boot,as it is a Christmas present, therefore,I will have to defer on making a complete assessment until after the Holiday.However, my subject opinion is that it will be a great acquisition !
B000VX03GC All that I wanted comfortable, rugged, good looking, well made, and rarest of all- easy on and easy off.  That's enough words for me.
B000VX03GC Satisfied Timberland products are always of a high quality and this item maintains that great standard.This boots is quite sturdy and comfortable.
B000VX03GC verry good Yesterday I got this item.This gave me a verry good'footconfort.I think,How much I will walk,I w'll not get tired.
B000VX03GC Survived Afghanistan Went to work in Afghanistan with these boots and they worked great. I wore them all day and thought they were quite comfortable. Upon returning home, I ran these through a shower, and they cleaned up very nicely.
B000VX03GC Don't fit me too well. Did not fit too well plus the heel is big.  The leather bends too much over the toes. Not comfortable enough for Philmont 50 mile hike.  I returned them.
B000VX03GC They are not Cabelas I had a pair of Cabelas hiking boots which were great, but they do not have that kind anymore, so I got a pair of Timberlands to try. The Timberlands are ok but they not as good as the Cabelas were. The other boots I have are side 11 so I ordered side 11 in the Timberlands which I found out when got them, the Timberlands were a little small. I wound have shipped them back, but I needed them for a trip the next day.
B000VX03WQ The first pair, which I am not satisfied I love this shoe manufacturer, I have 7 pairs: City Adventure-Traditional, Earthkeepers City Chukka Boot, Cadrad Hiker, All Mountain Inferno, Front Country Oxford, Classic Two-Eye Boat.Newer had problems, excellent quality, convenient.I just do not like the insoles, they are thin and without support.True size: length and width.Many complain that the shoe is too narrow.This model has no such problems.Light weight, stable base.These shoes are very stiff middle, finger on his right foot rubs.Look at the shared photo by Michael.Your shoes will look the same.I do not like thick tongue.
B000VX03WQ Fantastic These boots are a lot better looking than the picture shows and are incredibly comfortable!!!  I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
B000VX03WQ Almost the same Eurohiker that you remember. As of 03.02.2013 the tongue remains to be like a tennis shoe tongue instead of a hiking boot tongue.  I do not understand the rational or the possible savings Timberland could have for making this tongue change.  Maybe they need 1MM emails to get them to change the tongue back to a proper tongue.  Much cheaper and lower quality boots still have a proper tongue.  Other than the tongue, the boot seems to be the same quality of boot that I owned before.  (I would consider myself a boot novice.  Maybe someone much more knowledgeable would recognize more differences.)
B000VX03WQ Design change ruins boot integrity; no tongue gusset I was deeply disappointed to discover they had done away with the tongue gusset, as you say, which so compromises the wearability of the boot. The tongue is also narrower than before which REALLY begs for a bellows gusset. Upon first discovering this absent gusset I wrote the company's counterfeit department and sent them the new boots, made in Viet Nam, unlike my old beloved 15 year old pair (with the gusset) made in China, suspecting they were now being made improperly, only to discover it was indeed a design change! I would steer away anyone from trying this new poorly constructed boot which used to be so wonderful. Now rocks, grit water and cold air can easily get into the boot, the tongue slides side to side... Stupid fools at Timberland!!!
B000VX03WQ Lighter & more flexible than expected I've been wearing these for about 3 weeks now and have found them to be lighter than I expected, with a thinner, more flexible sole. The insole padding is more than adequate, play around the ankle is good. Very easy on/off even with just the two speed laces. Generally very pleased with these boots. We'll see how they hold up to a western NY winter!
B000VX03WQ Timberland Euro Hiker :) I Just Got My New Euro Hikers after years of trying differant shoes. I am SO Glad to see that Timberland has not stopped making what I think is the most comfortalbe shoe i have worn. I started wearing them in the 1980's. I am so glad to have ordered another Pair. wow I missed the Fit & comfort, Ya Baby my feet are loving me. :)  Mick Walker PHX AZ.
B000VX03WQ Amazon is a sweat shop Little big but that's no ones fault but my own! Shipping was good and good quality! But I worked for Amazon in Chattanooga and it's a sweat shop no talking nothing but go go go!
B000VX03WQ Don't waste your money. I received these for Christmas 2012.  It is March 2013 and the rubber around the toe is separated from the leather.  I do like Timberlands, but this model is not very well made.  I am not hard on my shoes, I do nothing more than walk around on concrete.  A+ for comfort, D- for durability.
B000VX04DO last a season These boots lasted my son a season of bad weather.  You must realize though that he wore them everyday, walked long distances in them and often kept them on during work.  So one season saw a lot of wearing.
B000VX04DO Oversized I usually take a size 17, but these were very large on me, and very heavy and clunky, even for a guy with big feet. Also, their construction and design was very old-school, with flat-bottom soles and insole inserts.
B000VX04DO disappointed in condition of boots when recieved the left boot had a large scratch across the toe, unable to polish it out but boots are still usable.
B000VX04DO fly very stylish and timeless tims. as seen on Yeezy and Jay. Great boot great price. Can't go wrong with Tims!
B000VX04DO I think they look kinda grey Good quality. wanted a pair to wear with black jeans. need to be broken in. arrived 3 days ago. girlfriend loves em.
B000VX04PC Very disappointing. This shoe seemed to be poorly made and cheap.  Also the side is gray and not mesh as the picture and description made it seem.  The insoles are like dollar tree insoles. Not the Timberland quality we're used to.
B000VX04PC Timerlands i c a huge feature. Been wearing the Timerlands  awhile what a American staple it has come, weather all the natural elements. I've also purchase these from the amazon site. Like like the variety Timerlands had the offer. Don't have twist my ankle.
B000VX04PC They were ok. I did like the boots they were real & they fit him right. The only thing I didn't like was the little scuff on the back of the one boot. But he loved them, so that was good.
B000VX061O nice shoe Very comfy...hope it will last for long time. still no problem yet after using for monthscolor is good too and easy to clean with pieace of paper
B000VX061O Good value, well made if unsophisticated From what I can tell one of the main differences between these and other models of boat shoe from Timberland is the soles; these are thicker and more compliant than the thin, stiff soles often found on boat shoes. They're not Vibram, but they are much more accommodating of imperfections than most in this class.Construction quality is good, tending towards "sturdy" rather than fine or artfully crafted. The cut of leather panels is very simple compared to, say, Sperry Top-Sider Gold Cup but the actual robustness of construction is probably better than some more expensive models. Uppers appear to be much better attached to midsole and stitching seems more securely attached, for example. Leather is fairly thick though reasonably supple and the interior faces are nice and smooth. Compared to some more expensive alternatives these will probably take a little longer to mold to the foot, but I'm thinking they'll last longer too.On my sample there are no loose ends to stitching or imperfectly finished seams, and overall quality control in Bangladesh seems to be good. Size seems very true to expectations, with thin socks they fit exactly the same as Sperry of the same size.All in all I'm pleased. They represent very fair value, are well made and accurately sized.
B000VX061O Squeaky ..not that you should drag the soles of you shoes on the floor but if you did, they would squeak loudly on ceramic tile.
B000VX5FK6 Great with orthodics. I bought these because I can put my orthodics  in them and I can adjust the fit with the elastic shoe string and they fit wonderfully.  They are so so comfortable and easy to put on.  I even started wearing them to work.  I'm back to get another pair before they stop making them.
B000VX8LWK Misleading customers... this product shows up as a recommendation every time i login. Amazon shows that it is in stock and when i try to buy it.. it says it has '0' quantity available...  whatz the deal with this???
B000VXBPY6 Timberland Canard Low I typically wear Ecco for the amazing comfort, but one day bought a pair of Timberland Canard Low 84169's (darker colored lower section) and have worn them more and more the past while; living in wet weather these shoes are much easier to maintain, basically waterproof and have the two-tone style that sets them off from most boring one-color shoes. As Ferris Bueller once said, If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up (paraphrased)  : D
B000WKMR9U shipped as advertised I was iffy ordering after reading the other review but still took a chance and am glad I did. That may be a typo but if he was expecting " camel" color he's an idiot. I got camo. Roll tops are hard to find these days and I'm  glad I found a pair I liked.
B000WZI98S Law books carrier This appears so far, to be a well made and sturdy carrier for a ton of heavy law books.  After carrying them in a regular backpack, I broke down and bought this wheeled backpack.  It is nice and deep and I can fit a number of books and notebooks in it.  The wheels operate smoothly and quietly.  My only complaint is that it doesn't have any outside pockets, like to carry coffee mugs in or just to put stuff in that would be easy to reach.
B000X46MOQ Fitting It fits rather better than I expected.  One small problem I found with it is that the inside seam rubs right under my ankle bone.  Very discomforting, but did find a solution.  Put a piece of moleskin padding with the sticky side against the boot.  That covered the seam and it did the trick. If you have the same problem give this solution and it only cost a couple of bucks.
B000X46MOQ a little large buy it for my wife, but it is a little large,  need add one insole to fit them.strong and comfort when walking.
B000X46MOQ Very comfy Have only tried on these since I got them so not tested in the field yet.  Bought for emergency work. First impression on looking at them was that there could be more padding around the back of the heal. But having tried them on they are incredibly comfortable and I'm looking forward to wearing them more.
B000XEA5ZI Good product Overall good boot. Tough and durable.  Took me about a week or so to break in. Quite comfortable considering I wear them everywhere and all the time.  Only problems I see are on my left foot the edge of the tread is a little thin. (looks like the machine missed it) and the tread isnt very deep due to the rounded forefoot.  Hopefully the tread will last because the upper ever guard will thats why I bought them.  I work landscaping and cutting wood so thye get scuffed up pretty good.  Had them for roughly 3 weeks and they have taken a licking but keep on ticking.  Wish the laces were a bit longer and they had a pull strap on the back but I can live without them.  I am hoping they upgraded the eyelets that they used on the powerwelts (which I have owned before) so they don't shred laces every week.  Only time will tell but overall I am happy with the product.
B000XEA5ZI Timberland pro is a hit! These boots came in a very short amount of time,all of a sudden i received them and was very happy with them.They looked and felt just as they looked in the picture's and as they were described in reviews and such.
B000XEA5ZI Amazing buy!!!! My husband usually tears thru Timberlands' in less than 6mos but, these are amazing!!!  The extra barrier on top of the steel toe boot corner, really does with stand all the rigorous activities.  He need to put these boots thru in order to complete his daily job tasks.  We are beyond pleased with this purchase, they are well worth their price in weight :D for gold.
B000XEAA0S Like an old friend - amazing how well these fit One of the problems of ordering shoes without having the opportunity to try them on is that the vendor has to be really consistent in their sizing in order for the mail order customer to have a reliably good experience.I ordered a slightly different design from Amazon (Timberland 10&#34; Titan Terrain) and had a really bad experience with the fit, but this was after years of wearing Timberland Pro that fit like a glove, so I had to try again.These fit just like all the others and I'm a happy camper once again.I like the protective coating they put on the leather - my last pair have worn very well and they are much more waterproof than the plain leather.
B000XEAA0S Boyfriend's Favorite Boots These fit perfectly. He has been looking around for these EVERYWHERE! The store he usually buys them from stopped selling them and luckily we found some online. Make sure to break them in before wearing them for a long period of time just like any heavy duty boot.
B000XEACHO Ouch! Have not been able to break them in.  They rubbed extensivly on my heals until I had blisters the size of silver dollars.  Went back to my old standby boots that requrie no break in at all.
B000XEACHO the florsheim on workboots this is my first pair, they are the florsheim on workboots, befor timberland's buy caterpillar's but I start on pitboss then the power welt and I will never change
B000XEACHO Love Timberland Pro Just got my boots and very excited to wear them and throw away my old Pro Timberlands very satisfied with there products definitely gonna keep buying them.
B000XEACHO Dog covers These boots are sooo comfortable. I've only worn them a couple times but they are great. And they looks cool too with jeans. Just a side thought
B000XEACHO Impressive boot! Comfortable right out of the box; Wear them to an office job; Wear them riding a cruiser; Wear them out in weather.
B000XEACHO Fit Peerfectly :P iaeurhg apeoirugh apeiorgy qiergy paoeirgh apoweirf 0iorhg paoierhg owierhgf poirewgy oIWEHROiweghr oWEIRGH o;iwehf ;oWIEHG owiefh ;OIWEHF ;oweifh ;oWEIHF oweifh ;oIEWFH
B000XEACHO very uncomfortable The fit is good. They are very uncomfortable. Can't seem to wear them for more than one hour and my feet are killing me.
B000XEACHO ... I've been wearing the cheap Timberlands for a few years and haven't had too many complaints.  I don't know what the difference is between these and the regular Pros, but for some reason these put too much pressure on my ankles and I have to keep the laces tied loose.  Maybe that will change after they break in but I've never had it happen before so I doubt it.
B000XEAJOK Timberland Boots 101 Bought this for my hubby who works for a construction company. He has always worn Timberland work boots because they re always reliable, rain or shine, you can depend on them. He really loves this one , he said that they re really comfortable and light. Asking me to order a second one. And the shipment was amazingly fast. Even got here before the estimated date of delivery. Thank you Amazon.
B000XEAJOK it`s real nice boots Type Luxury brand most exquisite advise everyone to buy this typeType Luxury brand most exquisite advise everyone to buy this type
B000XEAJOK Okay Boot, Do not like Company The boots are what they are. There is a flaw with the pair we ordered, the left boot has released itself from the hell so they are difficult to get on and off. Also uncomfortable to wear. It is an obvious design flaw since this occured two days later. I called the company and was give all sorts of excuses as to how to remedy this problem and that thye would not stand behind the product. I will not be ordering from this company again. I happy with the way Amazon handled business though.
B000XEAJOK Terrible I couldn't even get my foot into the boot to try it on. Had to spend another $90.00 to have zippers put on them. I would never, ever buy these boots again. Biggest waste of money I have ever spent on clothes or shoes. This is TIMBERLANDS fault and not the seller. They might want to get a clue on how to size a boot. Idiots.
B000XEAM10 Four Stars This is my 3rd pare of Timberland PRO. Unfortunate it last only for 9 to 10 month.
B000XEAM10 Expected more Well thies shoes are comfertable but too high in size.I have them for a month and walked with them around 4 times,i really expected more from them, i guess in time they will fit betteror it is a metter of getting used to them.
B000XEAMXS Eyelets vs. hooks Had to send these back because they had eyelets at the top making them too time consuming to put on and take off. We didn't notice in the picture when they were ordered.  We reordered the same basic shoe but with hooks at the top-much better
B000XEAMXS Comfortable and Durable It is a very comfortable so far.  I have a pro series and it is just great.  I am anticipating durability, comfortability, flexibility and style.  I certainly recommend this boot because of balance and all the good points I mentioned before.  Thanks Gordon A. Joseph
B000XEAMXS Great will a niche The boots work great, i did notice that a couple of the metal? Lasses loops holes broke with in a week but dont seem to effect any thing.
B000XEAMXS Nice fitting and lightweight I work on concrete floors all day, and these things rock!  They have super soft uppers, and the cushioning is great.  The best part is the composite toe does not protrude into your "toe area."  My last pair of cheap boots did this and messed up my feet bad.  These things are creme de la creme.
B000XEAPDA disappointed I usually buy a different style of  of timberland boot that I am very happy with but with this style I am not satisfied,I kept them past the 30day exchange period because I thought they would  get better.I was wrong. This pair of Timberlands is the worst. I regret buyer them.
B000XEAPDA Sexy boots Great boots, they fit well and aren't as heavy as previous pairs I have had which is a huge plus for me. They did leave a bit of a weird rash on my legs where the mesh rubs but I have since started folding long socks down to provide an extra barrier and that fixed the issue.
B000XEAPDA Beware of the sturdyness of this item This shoes started breaking in the first month of being worn. I dont know if its the stock it came from, but it defective.Im really disappointed and would like a refund.
B000XEAPDA Style meets function My husband bought these to replace his worn workboots for his job as a technician and trainer for a national satellite installation company. He loves them.  He said they took zero time to break-in, and his feet felt amazing in them from day one.  Excellent support, don't chafe the ankles, and the darker color stands up to the sun and roof exposure that the lighter suede styles typically fade against.  From an outsider looking in persepctive, I think they are definitely fashion forward in the context of purpose and necessity.  They look great on him, even with the shorts (haha cankles minimized).  The laces are quality materials and can withstand even the grumpiest of monday morning lace ups.  We definitely recommend these for someone looking for a good and somewhat stylish workboot.
B000XEAPDA Excellent Price I have bought 3 pairs of timberland pros without the composite toe for about $170 each from a local shoe store, usually 1 pair a year.I wear them every day because of the comfort. So far I don't see any difference the composite toe makes as far as comfort and I kneel a lot too. At $106 delivered this is definitly the boot to goe with, some difference in lace up and style but minimal  just as comfortable and durable.
B000XEAPDA very expensive junk i knew better but i figured timberland had to get better,,i was wrong agin and ill never by  another pair again..this time the soul split took 4 moths  not the worst ive had but for the money they were horrible..
B000XEE9PA Not my top choice I'm not sure if the issue was the construction of this boot, or the shape of my foot...The materials and construction seemed decent, though fairly heavy.  However no matter how tightly and in what manner I laced them, my heel would not stay seated in the heel cup, making these boots incredibly uncomfortable to wear.  The top corners of the tongue were also very rough, which irritated the front of my ankle.I ended up sending them back and buying the Timberland Pro Titans, which I have been much happier with.
B000XEEQAI Annoying Hooks for Laces When trying to pick out a shoe and spending lots of time and reading scrutinizing the details, I missed noticing the shoelace hooks on the upper shank, which aren't easy to notice in the pictures. These are an annoying hassle when tying the shoes, as I would prefer simple holes. I bought Lock Laces just so I could keep the shoes tied before tightening up the shank but the laces would still slip out from behind the hooks.  Spend more and get a water resistant model.  After four months, the tips started to wear out and the sole had some cracking from the body of the shoe.  They also seemed to be sized large, or they got stretched out easily.
B000XEEQAI Comfortable good looking boot They fit well and are comfortable to walk around in, they seem sturdy.  They scuff pretty easily so investing in a protector spray wouldn't be a bad idea
B000XEEQAI "Jury Still Out" I've been wearing Timbos for a long time and have certainly experienced the bad side (cracked soles) and the good side (very comfortable). This particular model does feel very comfortable, but doesn't seem to fit properly around my high ankle/low shin. It seems that the upper part of the boot isn't properly cut/sized to fit properly around the low shin area. The upper sides of the boot don't allow the tongue to fit between them when the boot is being laced up???  I've only been wearing these boots for the last several weeks so it&#8217;s still too early to render an in depth honest review, so stay tuned.
B000XEEQAI Like a skin on a grape I heard a lot about these boots so I decided to try them. They are very comfortable from the get go. Almost no break in time. Had a small issue but was worked out. I recommend them to anyone. Very light weight also.
B000XEEW9S glue issues the timberland's came with some of the glue on the boot itself. if I were at the store, I would NOT have purchased them.
B000XEEW9S Out of the box comfort unequalled I have been a CNC machinist for a very long time and worn a LOT of steel toes. True to size, out of the box total comfort, and good leather make this boot my go to every time I order a new pair.
B000XEEW9S Timberland PRO 6 Great pair of boots fits better than expected, just love them for it's weight ang comfort I will recomend them any thime.
B000XEEW9S Always takes time to break-in. I have an old pair of these that I can't wear to work because they're brown.  The ARE however the most comfortable footwear I own!Thinking back though, the break-in period took a little time, wearing them for longer periods daily.  I hope these prove to be as comfortable.
B000XEEW9S Good Tech Shoe If your an Auto Tech like me,then your like these shoes.  Comfortable, pre-broken in, good on wet surfaces but not great (hence 4 stars). Great traction on dry surfaces, oil resistant is a MUST.  Light enough to carry youself around the shop for 8+ hours without feeling weighted down.  A little pricey but worth it. Will see how they hold up after a year (worn for about 3 weeks).
B000XEEW9S back to Timberland... for now. I bought a pair of Timberland PRO boots a while ago, I forgot the model, but they were terrible.These, well these were completely different. They are lightweight & SUPER comfortable!! It usually doesn't help that I have a -w i d e- foot, when shopping for footwear. These are a perfect fit! I've had them for over a month & wear them everyday, they only get more comfortable!Thanks Timberland for making a boot good enough for my picky feet.
B000XEEW9S Hurt right from the start and ran very small Got these boots for work.  I normally wear a 13M in every shoe.  These boots  I could barely get on as they were very tight.  Also on the inside of the heel is a seam that will cause terrible rubbing pain.  They were also VERY heavy.This was my first purchase of a timberland product.  If this indicates their low quality, then I wont likely try another.  I certainly wouldn't buy this model again.
B000XEH2JA Nice comfortable wheels! I've wearing them now for about 2 weeks now and like them more every day.  They been put to test on days hot days we're having and all I can say is they keep my feet dry and comfortable even if my body is hot.  I ordered a pair of wides and that extra space makes  a big diference.  I've always wear D's and mi little toe is kind of hit against the side, now that I have tried this wides  I 'll be ordering only wides fron now on.
B000XEH2JA The Boot The best pair of boots that I own. I put a different type of insole in them and can wear them all day with out problems. The only bad thing, I changed jobs and these set off the metal detectors at my new job. So I can't wear them any more.
B000XEH2JA Timberland PRO very comfortable but... They are very squeaky, on smooth concrete and linoleum the soles make noise when you walk, the inside of the boot also makes a squeaking noise. I won't be sneaking up on anyone with these boots. They are very comfortable though and look good. These would be the perfect pair of boots if it wasn't for all the noise they make. Hopefully the noise goes away after a while mine are still fairly new.
B000XEH2JA Timberland PRO Men's 26064 Timberland PRO Men's 26064 last pair i've worn for over 3 yrs..they work well for me in moderate conditions. thanks.
B000XEH2JA HEAVY! They say these are light weight, maybe compared to some other Boots. I found the soles to be too thick also, so I sent them back. I was amazed at how fast Amazon refunded me for them!
B000XEH2JA Excellent Fit and Supple Leather I owned a pair of these same boots but it brown.  Used it for some heavy work at home (woodworking and epoxy) and now the sole is beginning to split so I got this one, this time, in black.  Still has that same good fit but the bonus is that the black leather looks exquisite, I almost don't want to rough it up!  :)
B000XEH2JA XW would be better The Wide is not as comfortable as the XW.  I wish the black boot was made in XW like the brown version of this boot.
B000XEH2JA Ihate it didn't like it  feels  heavy and uncomfortable i wouldn't recommended anyone to buy this shoe waste of my money ,Nike ACG Mens Air Max Goadome  is a better  choice .
B000XEH2JA Timberland Boots My husband has owned several pairs but they have come at a very steep price.  This is his favorite style.  A metal plate around the toes and it still feels like wearing a pair of tennis shoes.  I liked the prices Amazon offered much better.
B000XEH2JA after a week, they're killing my feet already My last boot was a Timberland Pit Boss. This boot is much lighter, and virtually no break-in. After a week however, my foot started to hurt really bad, I have high arches. The ball of foot felt like it was stepping on something. I could feel the top of the soul isn't smooth, indents from my foot seemed to form and are causing pain. I bought an expensive insole to help, but it didn't. I'm returning these and will try a Wolverine Raider next.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Boots Better than expected:easy to break-incomfortablegood fitHad them for one month; we'll see how they last.
B000XEH2JA right our of the box comfort these boots are broken in feeling right out of the box. the only complaint is that the top lace holders dont always catch the laces and the laces are cheap.
B000XEH2JA Great Foot Wear Guys this is your boot. And I don't mean from your other half. It breaks in easy, very durable, and  easy on a budget.I'm a two time buyer of this shoe and will buy a third when the time comes.Sincerly,Sherm
B000XEIZ7S Really comfortable right out of the box. I've been an offshore production operator for nearly a decade and I've worn lots of different boot brands.  That being said, these are the most comfortable boots straight out of the box that I've ever put on.  There was NO break in period needed for me.  Amazing!
B000XEIZ7S So Far So Good Read many of the reviews after narrowing down which boots I would go with.  The Timberland had relatively no poor reviews.  If you go by the guide the size comes out perfect, which they did in my case.  Love em so far.
B000XEIZ7S Weatherproof version somewhat smaller than regular version I have always got the timberland in 13D size but this time I decided to try the weatherproof version and the fit is less than comfortable , probably due to the fact it has a heavier lining . The  non weatherproof version fits like a glove in the same size .
B000XEIZ7S soles busted fit great but within 9months the soles split in half if you squat down to work on things such as putting in recpticles as i do their a waste of money
B000XEIZ7S Good deal They are very comfortable and light weight as advertised. I have not tested out the waterproofing yet though so hopefully that holds up...
B000XEIZ7S Well pleased I wear a 14 or 15 medium, and finding any shoes in my size is a challenge.  These are exceptionally comfortable, and they are light, thanks to the titanium toe cap and foam sole. Materials and workmanship are very good.  I&#8217;ll be using them around and in locomotives, and the defined heel makes climbing vertical ladders (or any ladders) safer.  My only (tiny) criticism is that the laces are thin, making the shoes difficult to cinch up snugly.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable I have for only few weeks, But I like it very muchPro: Very comfortable wearing and feelingCons: ??? No concern at all.
B000XEIZ7S its cool and alright boots it could only can last to one year by kind of my job and it was heavy wear it out and still good
B000XEIZ7S Heavy and Uncomfortable I was used to have cheap safety shoes. This is the first one I bought from a famous brand and I should mention that I am rather disappointed. The shoe is heavy and uncomfortable to wear. If I wear it tightly, it hurts my ankles, if I leave it a little loose, it becomes exhausting to carry all day long. Fortunately, I do not need to wear it everyday, otherwise I would have bought a new one. Definitely, if I had tried it on like in a conventional store before buying, I would have gone for another model. There is a broad range of choices for the same price and I am sure I would have found something more comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Lacing up a brick I have been trying to break these boots in. It's like lacing a brick on each foot. I am not used to wearing something so hard on my feet. The outside construction looks to be well made. I will keep trying, but, this may be a lost cause.
B000XEJ9V4 Perfect I have been wearing Timberland Pro's (26011) for well over 10 yrs. I just recieved my new one's. True to size as usual. I work outside for 12 month's a year (DPW) on my feet most of the time, no fatigue, pretty warm in the winter. Waterproof. I believe these are my 10th pair. I wear my old ones when riding my Harley. They usually cost about $119.00- $140.00, I paid $82.00 through AMAZON. Buy these at any price.
B000XEJ9V4 a secure investment! Wearing this shoe a week so far... feels good in a rainy weather.  Isulation prooved itself. Comfort is becoming better with time.It looks like in pictures, rigit built - tough leather boot.
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland Pro 8 inch- EXCELLENT!! I live in UK and we cannot get this style of Timberland boot over here. I've been wearing Timberland's (proper styles- workwear, not the customisable fashion etc styles) for over 20 years- always strong, comfortable and cool to look at. The price for these offers exceptional value for us in the UK. Great shipping and handling costs too. Overall extremely pleased. I'll buy aagin when I need replacements.
B000XEJ9V4 Absolutely the worst boots I have ever owned. I purchased these in October of 2012, I threw them out September 2013. The soles were extremely worn down, they were peeling off and the leather was about to crumble. I wasn't exposing these boots to anything especially damaging such as cement. It was average wear and tear for working in the city on the street. Never the less do not buy if your actually going to work in them.
B000XEJ9V4 Great Boot I really like the fit of these boots, remember they are HEAVIER though with the extra thick sole, so i suggest getting this type if your application warrents the need for the extra undercushion this sole provides, which is really good in heavy construction enviroments. The trade off is the additional weight.
B000XEJ9V4 Very good comfort, quality and fit. Ordered with some trepidation about buying a shoe without trying it on but these arrived quickly, fit perfectly and are much more comfortable than my old Herman survivors.
B000XEKCRE Comfort, comfort, comfort OK, I haven't had a chance to put these through the wringer outdoors. I just got them, but they fit like they were custom molded to my feet.
B000XEKCRE extreme comfort my last pair was the same boot but a 6&#34;. most comfortable bots iv ever owned. i still get a year out of a paair which is pretty typical for my line of work. though i must admit that with my current position, im not nearly as hard on them as i used to be.
B000XEKHOC VERY COMFORTABLE SHOES!!! I purchased this item because I liked the advertisement picture. Fortunately it was a very good surprise that when received I wore the boots and felt very comfortable. I highly recommend them!!!
B000XEKHOC fake fake fake These boots must be fake.. iv used Timberland boots my whole life. Never had a pair as bad as these.. after just 3 days the boot is separating where the boot joins the sole.. garbage stay away from these boots. Cheap cheap cheap.. if your looking for timberlands just go to a local store stay away from Amazon's garbage.. these are of the worst quality.. shame on you Amazon..
B000XEKHOC Two different sizes The left size is 11W, the right is 11MNow I have to replace the right one, which isn't fun
B000XEKHOC Not for Me This is a good looking boot. The only thing that was disappionting was that the sole was glued on and not a stitch. The heel was too high to work in everyday standing in a plant.
B000XEKHOC best priced boots. these boots are bad ass in black or tan. they are very cushioned on the sole. has extra large heel and large nose to them. verynice look and performs well. i had a nail try to go through them but didnt. saved me a tetnice shot.
B000XEKHOC Great shoes, no complaints Comfortable, sturdy, good fit, lives up to my expectations.Apparently I need to type more words before i can submit
B000XEKHOC Perplexed! I am a Timberland and Rockport repeat buyer.  I own five of the former and three of the latter.  Why do these feel too small.  I don't understand. I would've given a five star rating except they don't fit.  I will be returning these for a larger size, but I bet they won't be available in a 10.5
B000XEKHOC Timberland should make 4E wide. Awesome. Look sharp. Even wear them to work. White collar job. One prob. Would like them to be a bit wider. Got 2E. Would be cool if they came in 4E. And there are times when I want to wear 2 pairs of socks. Or one really heavy one. Can't really do that with the 2Es. Other than that, really great shoes. Well made too.
B000XEKHOC Great Deal!!! First time purchasing the Pro series and let me tell you they are comfy and durable!!recommend them to all my friends!!
B000XEKHOC I'm rough on my boots These are decently comfortable and are holding up pretty well. I have worked a small tear at the sole, but I wore these to ride through the winter on my motorcycle, to work, school, and back everyday and then for hiking in the spring, Plus everywhere in between. To dates, on walks, around the house, to hell and back.I'm satisfied so far.
B000XEKHOC not competent quality not competent quality for my expect.when i receive package,,it have scratchs at the surface...it seems like defect product.
B000XEKHOC Very light, very comfortable. Almost perfect except for two small things.there is nothing to grab on the back.  No tab or no loop to pull on in the back.Also the top two eyelets would be better by being hooks.I would have easily given 5 stars if only these two issues were resolved.Very comfortable.
B000XEKHOC no disappointments They fit I apply tuff toe (I kneel a lot) the soles wear out (in a year) I buy a new pair.
B000XEKHOC Tims rule everything around me I started buying these in highschool cause Raekwon told me too.  I never stopped.  Does that make me...a fool?
B000XEKHOC Got it in less than 5 days I ordered this for my husband. He states fantastic value and they last forever. He raves the sizing is PERFECTION  ACHIEVED
B000XEKHOC They help you fly I put these choo's on to help me fly. I got about 10 feet off the ground then fell. So I tried again and flew down the street in my magic choo's. Then I flew again and landed a few bocks away at Jack in the Box and got me a breakfast jack.
B000XEKHOC I BUY THESE BOOTS EXCLUSIVELY These are the only boots i buy and while i love the look and fit,i end up buying a pair every year.Maybe thats normal for most people so i wont complain about longevity.i could wear them for much longer i guess,but once they lose their shape im kinda done with them.i wear them 5 days a week for work and while im not digging ditches in them,i do beat them up. i havent found a brand of boot that will make me switch from tims so i stick with the best
B000XEKIUK sdkngf vk these boots are durable and strong, but if you live in a place that is -30, these boots arent for you. there WAY to cold. my other sketcher shoes are warmer than these ones. other than that, there alright
B000XEKIUK Wonderful, niceeeeeeee bootssss. It is very comfortable with real feather. And, niceeeeeeee, I m gonna buy another one....it is great and perfect for hard work. Except for basketball or...football.
B000XEKIUK WOW TIMBERLAND I LIKE IT BUT ITS SMALL OF LENGTH  OK IS OK FOR ME  I AM WEARING IT REGULARLY ITS CORRECTLY FITS ME I LOVE IT . ITS TOO LATE TO ARRIVE ITS TOOK 8 DAYS MORE  I AM WAITING  ONLY .
B000XEKIUK Comfy Shoes These are quite comfortable for steel capped boots, I don't actually mind wearing them. You could save maybe $30 by buying cheap ones but then they'll annoy you so I suggest these ones, well worth the price.
B000XEKIUK GREAT BOOT. I work for a tree service.  Have tried many brands, and yes these shel out just as quick as others. I am getting my third set, have done others, Red wing is ok, tired of takeing them in to be fixed. Hard to say that for the mopney I keep getting thse and going on, I could blow more time than it is worth to save a few bucks,an time is money.  So far AWESOME BOOTS.
B000XEKIUK Comfort and safe for warehouse I bought these boots because they look badass and I needSteel toe for my warehouse work. Amazon of course had themcheaper than Sears who strangely has a great selextionOf tlands. Received boots next day even though I paid 8 dollarsFor two day shipping which is irritating. Oh well. I am really looking forwardKicking somebdeserved sob hipsyer emo woosy in the face as well.  Ii
B000XEKIUK eyelet broke Seemed good.Fit a little off.But the thing that burned my butt was an eyelet broke the third time I wore them.Amazon will replace.I thought Timberland had better quality.We will see
B000XEKIUK counterfeit The only thing good I can say is fast shipping be careful if you have never owned a pair of these before you will need know but trust me they are not real the lip is allot thinner then the real pair easiest  way to tell but also the rubber soal is poorly made ands they come already scuffed up
B000XEKIUK Great Workboot Not a bad boot in light duty conditions. its comfortable and breathable and light. Im never going to cheap out and buy any other brand of workboots again.
B000XEKIUK BLACK TIMBERLANDS N/A  I ONLY HAD THEM FOT  1 MONTH ONLY. HOW CAN I REALLY RATE THEM? IN WASHINGTON D.C. & MARYLAND AREA WE HAVEN'T HAD THAT MUCH SNOW ? THANKS.
B000XEKIUK The best boots I've ever bought.. happy they come in size 14 I bought these boots for working construction outside; along with my Carhartt socks, my feet have been perfectly warm in single and double-digit temps... the cool thing is, they're so darn comfortable; I've been wearing them cutting and welding in my shop, and have even just been wearing 'em to wear 'em. Oh, yeah, and while flaring the end of an exhaust pipe, a buddy of mine let it slip; it fell and he was like, 'oh sh...oot, sorry man, that musta hurt!!'  It fell on my foot... I laughed and was thankful I had these on :)
B000XEKIUK Great, comfortable and sturdy - just what the doctor ordered! A good quality boot by al appearances.  I'll let you know how it goes !  I wear these boots everyday in hot, dry, wet, flooded, coal, alumina dust, etc etc etc.  The environment I work in is pretty harsh and I hope they stand up to the test!
B000XEKK94 VERY poorly constructed. I typically find Amazon Reviews to be very helpful and more often than not I'd say the average rating is spot on, so I decided to order these boots along with a couple other pairs when looking for a replacement for my tattered Wolverines. In this case I can't believe how badly the average rating fit the product.I was really surprised when these arrived and I opened the box. I've tried Timberland's before and they had a very respectable fit and finish. My initial reaction was, "These ones HAVE to be knock-offs."  They look like they were hot-glued together by a 10 year old. I can't help but think back to a pair of leather moccasins I made from a kit at summer camp as a kid. Seriously, they're put together that bad. So here goes:The good:- The exterior looks pretty decent.- It appears they would break in very fast as they are assembled just like tennis shoes.- The price is reasonable for a pair of work boots.The bad:- There is no edging anywhere, pieces are just cut roughly to shape and sewn on with all the edges of the fabric and insulation showing. Check out the third product image that shows the boot from the back and look closely at what you can see of the inside of the tongue... That's what the whole inside of the boot is like. Some spots aren't covered with insulation at all.- The insoles are cheap, flat foam. I've been wearing either Durashocks or SuperFeet Orange insoles for the last few years and these are a huge letdown.- The footbed is hard plastic with big globs of hot-glue-like cement smeared all over on both boots and several big globs that need scraped off just to avoid big bumps rubbing against my feet.- No speed-lacing hooks near the top of the boot, so laces need to be loosened considerably when taking off.Other:- These are NOT insulated with Thinsulate as listed, rather they use a fabric called Thermolite. I don't know how the two compare, so I won't list as a positive or negative, just something to take note of.- The tag says "Made in Dominican Republic."Disappointed overall and sending them back. Not sure how this got so many rave reviews.
B000XEKK94 Good Boot But These are great boots but when you go from one style to another the sizing is completely different I had to send back two sets of boots that were too big and finally found that the ones that fit are one size lower than the ones I had also Timberland but a different  style. Other than that no problems. I especially like the ease of returning and almost immediately the other set was already shipped. Very fast.
B000XEKK94 Boots are great, watch pricing! I like my boots that I bought on Amazon several years ago, and just bought a pair for my son.  There is just enough insulation for winter here in Northern VA and in the mountains of TN where I also spend time.  I wear heavy boot socks with them and my feet neither sweat or get cold.I would be careful on pricing, I was ordering a pair for my son, and had to take my wife to the mall.  I went into Sears and the same boot is $45 less expensive at list, and $25 cheaper with both Amazon and Sear's running a sale pre-Christmas.I am a big Amazon buyer, at least 6 purchases a month, but I usually find Amazon pricing to be at least as good as what I see elsewhere online.So, simply, Amazon, normally great.  The boots are excellent, though I don't work in heavy construction, I do spend a lot of time on construction sites, but it is as the owner, not a construction guy.  The pricing this time, at Amazon, not good.
B000XEKK94 It's exactly what I wanted I have bought I a pair which size of 7.5W,since W in a great discount,it's wide enough for anybody, luckily the lace system help my foot fixed tightly in shoes,they have a heavy look that make a hard man style,but they are lighter than I was think,no difficult to run and jump,the details of the shoes are not impressed, glue overflow and the assembled is a little out of order,but anyhow,they r as my expected
B000XEKK94 TIMBERLAND PRO  GOOD TO GO!!!! Got them on time and right away I tried them on to see how well they fit.  To my surprise they fit perfectly, they give me just enough room for a thicker sock or if I wanted to put insole in them.  Put some Obenauf on them and ready for what Mother Nature throws my way.  The Obenauf did turn it a shade darker but I'm fine with that just for your info.
B000XEKK94 Great Work boots Had 4 or 5 pairs of theese previously, Allways last 6 to 8 mos. confortable dry and long lasting. need I say more?
B000XEKK94 Comfortable and light weight I can't say how long these will last... only had them a month, but so far they are what I was looking for
B000XEKK94 Timberland boots I liked the style but the fit just was't right. They were very uncomfortable, they had hardly any padding in them.
B000XEKK94 Chinese Red Neck's first Timberland If you require me to say something about this good shoes. I will just say, take it, dude, it is really a nice timberland. Love it very much
B000XEKK94 I will definitely be buying again! I will definitely be buying again!These boots are very nice, when I opened the package, it reminded me when shoe stores smelled like new leather.
B000XEKK94 Loved the boots&#8230;while I had them First pair of Tims, just make sure to get a size smaller than you normally wear. I bought a 12 being a 13 normally and they fit perfect. However they were stolen 1 week later&#8230;&#8230; So it goes
B000XEKK94 great boots of timberland but the quality of made in Dominican Republic.. i really love them. but..  quality of made in Dominican Republic is much worse than Made In China, the right shoe has one more hole than the left. so that 2 stars
B000XEKK94 timbaland product is the best so fer i have seeing. it is strong and it can last longer this item is superb and it amaze me so much. this wht exactly i was expecting. it very nice and easy to move with.
B000XEKK94 Great service from amazon. I am pleased with everything, such as the price, the fit and the time of delivery. Everything was what I desired.
B000XEKK94 good my father loves them very much.comfortable,they looks very strong .I love this brand very much and i have already brought 2 pairs .
B000XEKK94 Timberland is quality Typical Timberland boot, quality. Funny thing is never had these before.....They'll add an inch to your height!
B000XEKK94 Runs a bit big! It is kind of a crap shoot with Chineese & Asain shoe manufactures, all shoes nowadays. I wish I could have tried them on before purchasing, an online disadvantage.Timberland products in general are better quality and style than most, I recommend all their products.
B000XEKK94 Good boot but deceptive sole and heel The boot is comfortable and keeps its good looks. However what appear to be a 1 1/2 inch thick heel is actually only the thickness of the tread. If you wear down the back of the heel on one side (which most people do) cardboard or something starts to show through. That chunky heel you see is basically 1/4 inch thin.
B000XELF3O ouch You should always try a boot on in person.I tried them on sitting down, if I would have walked around in them for 30 seconds I would have a killer blister.
B000XELF3O Brilliant, Brilliant, Brilliant!!!!!! I LOVE these boots. Honestly. Working as a cameraman, these boots have travelled and been horribly treated. Still going. When they eventually give up, I will buy another pair and hold a funeral for the old ones. Seriously.
B000XELF3O Ok boot, good seller...please read the review below on the seller! My husband needed new boots for work, prior to these he had a pair of TIMBERLAND PRO SERIES MUDSILL.  The appearance of these boots are very nice but based on my husbands feedback, they are not anywhere as comfortable as the Mudsills.  They are lacking cushion in the heel area and there is stiff plastic in the sides of the heel area that is irritating him, they also are not breaking in as quickly as the Mudsills did. He really hasn't been wearing them that long so there isn't too much he can say about the wear on them at this time.That pretty much sums up a review on the boots but I wanted to also speak about the seller, Hank's Clothing.  The boots were scheduled for delivery by May 11th but we didn't actually receive them until May 14th (1 business day but 3 days later in actual days).  I had submitted a seller feedback based on our shipping experience and the company promptly called my husband, apologized for the delay and made an admirable compensation for it.  I would definitely do business through Hank's Clothing again in the future and wish I was able to give the seller a higher star rating now but once submitted it can not be edited.  So hopefully this review will bring them more business, knowing that they are courteous and professional when it comes to their customer satisfaction!
B000XELF3O horrible!! Rubbed my feet raw to the point where i had blisters all over, thought they just needed to be broke in but after a few weeks ended up at the drs over the blisters it caused!!!
B000XELF3O Plastic piece sown into the sole of the shoe has ridges that will make your day miserable I normally have good luck with Timberland boots,but thus time is different. At first I thought these were going to be okay and that they just needed a little break in. I figured out after having pain for a couple of days, that the plastic they have added does not break in at all, it has these terrible ridges in the inside edge of the boot that will wear you raw.
B000XELF3O Overall good pair of boots. First thing's first;These things are HARD to break in.There's a little husk at the back of your ankle within the boot which, for the first week or so will rub against your ankle and completely shred your skin.After you break them in, though, these boots are actually quite comfortable, flexible for all environs, and stylish if you keep them clean.The grip on the bottom is pretty great. Watch out, though, because it'll track dirt and especially moisture.While the moisture does not seep into the boot, it does remain on the bottom and will ruin your floors.Overall, good product.
B000XELF3O They're alright I'm not a fan of the height on these shoes. I had some that hit a little higher on the leg and definitely prefered that. This just ends not too high above the ankle and it feels weird.I usually break boots in but was unable to do that with these... and paid for it. I've worn steel- toed boots before with no issues but I got quarter sized blisters on my heels the first week with these. So I alternated wearing these with my K-Swiss Women's Tubes Run 100 Running Shoes.Now that I've had them about a month, they are not causing any blistering and fit decently, but the height of the shoe is still weird to me.
B000XELF3O quaility complaint I thought the shoe was durable...peices of the boot on the bottom are pealing away....how is this possible the boots are not even three weeks old...I'm a tow druck driver ...this don't make no sense...is there someway to get refund...please please please let me know.....an unhappy customer
B000XELF3O be careful when ordering Boots are fine so far, comfy and light....HOWEVER&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;I've gotten several pairs of boots online and normally take a 10.  Not in these had to go a half size larger and as always, Amazon was all over getting me my exchange done quick and painless.
B000XELF3O Uncomfortable! I've worn them several times.  They kill my ankles, feels like my ankles are surrounded by clamps.  Painful to wear.  My mistake was not returning them in time. I'll never buy another Timberland boot again if this is what "comfort" is all about.
B000XELF3O Comfy but noisy I've been wearing them for over a month. Very comfy. The breaking in period was very brief. Mine are very noisy when I walk. I'll try some solutions and update later. The only thing I don't like about the boot is the hooks at the top; I'd rather have holes.
B000XELF3O comfort right out of the box i've been buying timberland pitboss for the past 10+ years. i've looked at several other brands but when it's not broke don't fix it. i switch colors every so often, some wear different then other finishes so you have to choose the right finish for how you wear them. unless timberland changes something for the worse i'll be a lifer.
B000XELF3O Reasonable Pros:Cheap priceDelivered on timeSnug fitCons:The outer toecap became permanently worn/scuffed after only one dayOverall: Reasonable item for the price but not as hard wearing as I anticipated.
B000XELF3O Comfortable and easy to break in I've had these about a week, and with a few days to break in, these are already more comfortable than most any boot I've owned. Can't speak to longevity yet, but seem to be well put together.
B000XELF3O Funky heal Not sure who designed the heal, but if this is a new trend, I want no part of it.Heals should be flat
B000XELF3O Great boot Had bought these in the past. That pair had lasted longer than expected.  The pit boss withe raised emblem on side is what you want.  I bought a pair at shoe carnival with the emblem stamped in the side.  They were evidently a lower quality and cost the same as these.  Saw these there again for $143!!!!!  Good buy here!!!!
B000XELF3O Tim Pro Pit Boss I've had these boots for about a month. I wear them daily Mon - Fri in a seafood plant where the floors are wet and slick and these boots are great thus far regarding traction. I also like the steel toes, in our plant there are always hazards such as pallets, equipment, etc that could potentially damage feet. I've worn a variety of boots through my 26 plus years in the seafood industry and so far, The Tim brand has had the best longevity, comfort, & value.
B000XELF3O Very stiff heavy and uncomfortable I would go with the titan over this one anytime, the titan looks almost the same but the comfort level is waaaaaaaay different
B000XELF3O I bought these due to their reputation in Black culture. My place of work recently required its security staff to wear boots. I wasn't quite sure what kind of boots to get but then I recalled hearing about "Timb's" frequently mentioned in Black and hip-hop culture. So I decided to look them up and decided on this pair of boots. I am mostly satisfied with my purchase with only a couple flaws. The minor annoying one is the studs you wrap the laces around are kind of shallow and sometimes the lace slips out as your tightening them, and the second is there seems to be a piece of material in the heel (steel heel? I'm not %100 sure) that rubs against the back of my foot when I walk which causes blisters. Solved by a simple large band aid but that shouldn't be a requirement in shoes. Over all I'm happy with them, but my right foot is somewhat dissapoint.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro Pit Boss is...the pits Purchased 3 years ago to support Southern Florida's storm seasons, these hot and heavy shoes were impossible to 'break-in' and were uncomfortable from the start.  The uppers seem to be of high quality and had the features I was looking for, but the soles began to break away from the shoe.  I would not recommend these shoes despite the several favorable reviews associated with this item.
B000XELF3O Beat the hell out of my feet! These boots are well-made and sturdy.Having said that, these things are incredibly uncomfortable. I mean, they straight hobbled me after three days. But I stuck with them, hoping they'd break in. Due to my job, I'm required to wear the OSHA-approved steel toe, electric shock resistant boot. But man, am I glad when I get home and take these suckers off. I'm stubborn, and I'm going to win, but it'll be a long and painful fight.
B000XELF3O I get the right thing that was what I want to, that why I don't want to get anything that the name was never heard
B000XELF3O very pleased I puchased these boots about a month ago. So far so good. would suggest getting some comfy inserts. I have size 14 boot and weigh about 245 lbs so the extra padding helps. Thanks
B000XELF3O loved them they were very comfortable after i broke them in. the only problem i had however was that they got dirty way to easily.
B000XELF3O Doesn't even feel like a ST boot.......BUY THIS!!! I've had two pairs of regular, non ST Timbs in a 6.5 and liked them, but my big toe didn't have enough space. So when it came time to buy a pair of ST boots for work I came straight to Amazon and these caught my eye. I decided to upgrade to a size 7 because of the toe situation with my recent pair and they fit perfectly! My previous non-branded ST boots left me feeling like I was walking on nothing but nubs at the end of the day, but the soles in this give you extra soft padding without compromising the overall integrity of the boot itself which is great for people who stand/walk around for 6-10 hours. Plus, at $77 this product is a steal!
B000XELF3O Very heavy, no good for walking much I wear these with my $50 Dr. Scholl's inserts and fortunately do not have to do a lot of walking.  I'm a delivery driver and the steel toe saves me from 1000+ pound pallets dropping on my foot. Could not possibly wear these for hiking or Wal-mart shopping..not a walking shoe in my opinion, but provide excellent protection.
B000XELF3O Not Satisfied!!! Not satisfied.  The left boot seems diffrent. I have discontinued use after 3 days. The plastic support of the left boot is digging into my round bone on my ankle.  I fiqured since they were so cheap vs other stores that I got what I paid for. Cheap and defective.  I bought my last pair 3 years ago exactly the same boot but brown in color and I had zero issues and loved thm to death. I bought those at Dicks sporting goods.  Wish I would have not thrown them away. Not sure the store I choose and this is not a reflection on them I choose the cheapest price. You know the saying.  Get what you pay for.
B000XELF3O W does not equal E and certainly not EE Amazon needs to abandon equivalency tables when it comes to boot and shoe sizing. W is not E and certainly not EE. Importing actual mfg sizing would help, then noting that this is a snug W or single E would also help. This trial-and-error sizing is tedious, as I have to fit Ritchie braces into whatever I am buying.
B000XELF3O NOT RECOMEND I recently bought 2 pair of boots, the PIT BOSS, being one of them; I do not even work in construction, I just like boots. The pull on this boot broke the third time I wore them. I called Timberland about it but since I am just outside their 30 days co called confort warranty They were very nochalant over the phone; I have to ship the boots at my expense, for evaluation, a period of 2 weeks and then they would let me know.I considered Timberland a Tier-ONE quality company when it come to the Timbarland PRO line, but now I am not sure about their products or warranties of their products. I feel very dissapointed with the whole handling of the issue, I wish Timberland would know and do something to remediate this gap of trust.In the mean time I will not buy another Timberland Boot!John Hernandez512 5229062
B000XELF3O timberland junky i love this shoes this is my 4th pair ithelp me with my back pain and i am not tire as much
B000XELF3O Nothing fancy. Just good. I've been trekking around in these for the past month and it's time to give it some recognition.Delivery and packaging: They're shoes. Not an issue.Design and appearance: Plain, workmanlike but likable.Performance: Relatively light and flexible. Didn't require a long break in time.  The cushioning around the top is a real bonus. I haven't put the steel toe to test yet, but seems solid enough.Price: I guess you pay a bit for the brand, but it's not unreasonable. Reasonable buy.Summary: Real nice pair of work boots that if kept clean can double up as casual shoes as well.
B000XELF3O Eyelet popped off! 30 Days in and one of the upper eyelet/hook for lace popped off,  not comfortable boots, I will not purchase again.
B000XELF3O They are a little too ridgid I'm sure they will be fine once I break them in but, in the meantime they are so ridged that I always revert back to my old boots, and haven't had a chance to break them in.  After a single day's work in these I have all kinds of back and leg pain.
B000XELF3O Really Great Boot! I have had these for just under a week. I got them for a new job. After two days they were completely broken in and probably the most comfortable boot I've worn yet. Just get some Dr.Marten wonder balsam and they soften right up. I have a  pair of Dr. Martens for casual wear and they took 4X as long as this to break in. I love Docs but for workboots I'm now a Timberland customer. They are great boots and are reasonably priced compared to something like Red Wings. Just buy these and you wont be disappointed. My only complaint is I got the Gaucho colored ones and they get scuffed up pretty easily. Also they fit to size and if you have a wider foot make sure you get the wide ones.
B000XELF3O Fine now, but give them time to break in First thing I did was add an insole to them so it may add to the comfort of the original boot. They seemed kind of small when I first put them on but now they seem fine. Also, when I first started wearing them I was unimpressed. I had read the glorious reviews and I was just expecting them to be more comfortable. I've had boots before which were tough to break in but these were a doozy. At first they rubbed my ankles causing irritation then the padding at the top irritated the bottom of my calf. I could only wear them a couple of days before I couldn't take it anymore. The ankle rubbing went away after a day or two, but the upper-padding was still irritating me. Then, I got the idea to store the boots upside-down, spreading the padding outward so it would hopefully mold it to stay away from my skin. It worked ! I now love these boots -- very comfortable.I did not order these through Amazon, but instead through my workplace. Ironically, I was going to order them anyway before I found out that I could get them from my workplace. I've only had them a couple of weeks, so I'm giving some benefit-of-the-doubt to the other reviewers that this is a great boot. So, if you get these boots and they are uncomfortable you might try and give them a week to break in and try folding out the upper-padding before you return them.
B000XELF3O Good buy Timberland quality. Bought these to replace a pair of wolverines that were very uncomfortableAircraft carrier freight train big rig
B000XELF3O on my third pair best boot for the comfort quality and price the cost 125 at Meijer and got the for 78 with tax and shipping really how can you go wrong finding the rite size is the trick I bought my first pair at Meijer so I knew exactly what size I needed after the buy on line at best price you can
B000XELF3O Can't beat a great product.. I was so happy to receive my order. It was suppose to be a Christmas present.My son who works as a construction worker lost the sole of his existing boot?The day the package arrived. I gave them to him. He stated how comfortable the fit was and that he felt like he was walking on air.He was having back problems prior, now that has been diminishedas a result of wearing a more comfortable boot.Thank you for your commitment for the outstanding service you alwaysprovide. I will continue to be a loyal customer.SincerelyMary McGonigle
B000XELF3O Not good for oily or slippery surfaces Since I've gotten these boots, they've done alright considering where I work, but for the price AND the reviews I expected better. I have fallen TWICE since purchasing this product and as soon as payday comes I will be tossing these in the trash because this is unacceptable.
B000XELF3O Good boot with terrible padding Decent boot that takes a few days to break in. But the kicker is how terrible the insole is, has a normal one then goes to a thin piece of metal for the puncture resistance so plan on spending some money on inserts
B000XELF3O THIS IS THE BEST SHOE ON EARTH I have had 7 pairs of Die Hard from Sears. EVERY pair the top eyelet broke off... EVERY PAIR all 7 of them. I got so tired of returning these things that I just wanted my money back.I seen these on Amazon & never bought shoes on line before so I was a little nervous about the hole thing. I went to a outlet center near work just to try them on but they didn't have the exact pair I wanted. I just wanted to see how this manufacture would fit..So I went ahead and ordered these from Amazon...I got them on time and guess what ? THE EYELET it didn't brake off.. It stayed on !!!!!I was in steal toe shoe heaven if there is such a place..BUY THESE SHOES ! ! ! ! THEY are GGGGGGRRRRRRRATE
B000XELF3O eh They fit fine, but some plastic in the rear of the boot made my ankle bleed. I had to cut them apart to fix the problem.
B000XELF3O Awful. I bought a pair of these in the size I normally wear, and JEEEEEEEEZ it feels like there is a blade in the back of my heel rubbing my Achilles raw. I threw them out as soon as I could. A family member was given a free pair of these in my size, and he told me to try them on to see if they fit any different... they did NOT.They kill your feet. What the hell Timberland?
B000XELF3O Husband loved it Great for those blue collar days where you don't want to lose your toes.  You would be surprised to hear when people decide to "DIY" on some sort of project and then they ended up at the hospital with crushed toes.
B000XELF3O reinforced heel digs into ankle The boots fit as expected and have a comfortable insole.  The one problem I had with the boots is that the heel is reinforced with a somewhat hard plastic piece which wraps around the back of the boot.  This plastic piece then tends to dig into the two ankle bones on either side of my heel which is very uncomfortable and causes small abrasions.  I wore them for a week hoping the plastic would soften up, but it did not.  I ended up cutting the inside cloth of the boot so I could cut off the top part of the plastic which was digging into my ankle bones.  I then had two sew up the cloth inside the boot where I cut it.  This was something I shouldn't of had to do with a new pair of boots.  I would probably not buy these boots again.
B000XELF3O Disappointed I ordered these for my husband based on trust from the Timberland Brand -- I was disappointed after wearing them for only 3 weeks one of the eyelets for the shoestrings came off.
B000XELF3O Has Everything I Wanted Except Comfort These boots had almost everything I needed.  They look sharp in an office environment but are tough enough to withstand the punishment from working on a production floor with lots of oil everywhere.  Steel toed, oil resistant, and (mostly) slip resistant.  My only complaint is comfort.  After wearing the boots for almost a week, I had sharp pain in the heel of my foot.  Upon taking out the stock insole, I saw that the insole was extremely thin and underneath the heal was an elevated surface as hard as stone.  I will be purchasing some insoles to combat the problem.  Comfort issue is only thing keeping this product from getting 5 stars.
B000XELF3O My feet heard The shoes are kind of tight and it heard my legs I didn't think my leg would be heard by the size I order
B000XELF3O Man oh Man Worst boots I have ever worn. So much that I decided to let others know. Purchased these in March of this year and after a week needed cushion insoles. The insides have worn out bad and the hard plastic creates blisters on your feet all over. The "cushion" is thin foam like you would find as a air filter. They are also too heavy.
B000XELF3O timberland tr&egrave;s bonne paire de chaussure , livraison dans les temps ... je recommande ce cite et ses produits , je vais en recommander .
B000XELF3O So far, generally pleased ... While these boots appear to be well-constructed (time will tell) and are very comfortable, I have three complaints ...1) There's a construction defect on the back side of one side of the part of the right boot that laces up; a piece of the leather is folded over and sewn down rather than being flat; no issues with the other boot.  Doesn't seem to cause any comfort issues but, how could such an obvious defect slip through quality control ?2) The tongue of the right boot is oriented to the right side; I can tell I'm going to twisting it to the left in attempt to keep it straight.3) The leather loops in the back of the boots that are used to pull them on are too small; I have average size fingers but cannot fit my index finger through the loop.  Hopefully they will stretch out a bit with use but, in the meantime, it's a bit annoying.Bottom line, if it weren't for the construction and comfort of these boots, I'd give them three stars.  Let's see how they hold up over time ...
B000XELF3O Nice looking but fits poorly It has caused serious rubbing on the back heel even through the shoe size is right the design causes bad rub to the heel
B000XELF3O the change of leather to soft the change of leather to soft it asorbing in water and getting cuts all over but it is still comfortable it is not the shoes in d pic a red browm but a nubuck leather
B000XELF3O Gets the job done Great fit, like the easy lace up, don't have to worry about dropping rocks on my foot, looks good, will buy again if they ever wear out.
B000XELF3O boots are good delivery was ok the boots fit good i alawys wear timberlands to work this is my 3rd pair in 9 years i do alot of walking im an order selctor at safeway so they last pretty good the delvery sucked iwas suppose to get them on 24dec didnt get them till 26 and they said they deliverd them on 24 at 10:30 am so i had to call fedex and tell them i hear they just drop things off at door when no one is home and people can easly pick it up
B000XELF3O S&uacute;per plaplinga PLAPLINGA great i love bread do you Belice in dinosours? I do i love eating cake why do you have a piece
B000XELF3O non-slip soles Didn't get a chance to wear them much, but found out quickly that the &#34;oil resistant, non-slip soles did not meet my expectations. There is a lot of oil and grease on the machinery and floors in my shop, and I was not comfortable walking in it. Went with the previous style of Timberlands that I owned and they're fine.
B000XELF3O not for me I ordered them for my grandson to go to work with, I really have no opinion. that is what he specifically asked for. I ordered and paid for them, that's all.
B000XELF3O Durable, strong build and comfortable... My old SwissGear ones died after handling pretty rough usage across two years and two winters of snow in New Jersey; the current winter i.e. 2013 Dec ones had been real brutal not only for us but for the SwissGear ones as well...To get a new pair which I generally use with my casuals I thought about trying Timberland which is my first and I'm pretty much satisfied by the quality that I've got in the price... This is a good value of money...The build quality is very good, finishing is very clean, the strong build feel comes as soon as you put it in there... As I generally uses these for casual dressing, I generally don't tie up the laces and just slide in my feet; for that the collar is very useful as it gives me enough space to slide in my feet and does not ducks in without a shoe-in...A little bit heavy but that is expected with steel-toe and super durable sole in there; overall a good show...
B000XELF3O so far so good So far the shoes are OK. Found one long scratch on the shoe . not to sure if it is a manufacturing defect or was caused during shipping. However I did find it strange it came without the usual paper ball .So far shoes holding up .notice another cut by the lace on thr left foot but doesnt seem to be a major defect so far
B000XELF3O Great supportive boot with lots of comfort. I am a painter, and I had a herniated disc two years ago. Since then at least once a week my back will start to ache on the job, and I thought maybe if I got some more supportive footwear it would help the situation.It did. My back stills gets sore of course, but about 40% less, and the only thing that has changed is that I got these boots.They are extremely sturdy, and they will take about 2-3 weeks to break in.The only real con is the weight of the boots. They aren't bad at all compared to some other workboots out there-around one lb each- but it still might bother someone who is used to hi-tops or shoes.The fit is more generous then I thought it would be. I wear a 11 regular, and thats what I ordered thinking that it may be a wee bit tight. Wrong. A regular is a regular in Timberland boots. Good to know. So those of you who think your feet might be a little wide would not need to move up to the wide boot. The regular is plenty roomy even in a thicker sock.The soles seem just fine. No falls or slips yet, and I have not seen a loss of traction.They also look pretty spiffy (maybe thats why they are in so many hip-hop vids?) but they don't stay that way if you do in fact use them for work.All in all, these are the best pair of workboots I have ever owned, and for $70 you cannot beat the quality and price.Cheers.
B000XELF3O Mechanics Dream Very good so far, it's a treat to slide my foot into them, I have worn them for three weeks and they are wonderful. No Complaints yet, we'll see how long they hold up.
B000XELF3O Holds up great My fiance is rough on his shoes. He needs at least 2 new pairs a year, usually from being uncomfortable or wearing down. This one has held up well. Toe still intact. Boot looks fairly clean still as it resists water and dirt. Price was great too.
B000XELF3O Winning. I've only had these for about week, but so far they are way more comfortable than I thought a boot could be. The quality is superb and they have a neat lacing feature wherein the top two loops fall away when unlaced for easy removal. They are also surprisingly light.One thing to note is that they run very big in size: I normally wear a 9.5 but wound up needing an 8.5 for these boots. I suggest sizing them at a local store then ordering them from Amazon.Don't worry about the price, they are worth every penny. I have several friends who have been using and abusing the same pair for years!
B000XELF3O very good light weightdurablesteel toescomfortablegood fitanti slipperyanti electrical shocksgood for work in harsh environment, good for self defense....imagine doing kicks with these on. Luckily for me, I know some moves from master Wong in China town. I am very exited and eager to test this shoes out during fighting.
B000XELF3O Awesome My husband lost his workboots he works in the medical industry servicing stretchers and he finds that these are perfect they don't slip their rugged so they're getting through winter. Coming from a person that was going through two or three pairs of boots month we are pleasantly surprised at the quality and price
B000XELF3O Boots that are built to last. I have been wearing these boots daily for about a week now, and already I can tell that they are in fact built to last. There is somewhat of a break in period, but that is to be expected. They look great, and they are not overly bulky by any means. The non slip sole is ideal for wet environments, but would not recommend them for greasy/oily surfaces. My only gripe would be that the padded collar can be somewhat irritating at times. Also the sizes seem to run a bit small compared to Dr. Martens, so I would advise purchasing them a half size larger.
B000XERQTG It's a calender. It's a calendar. It hangs on a wall. My girl is in love with Nadal, and she was very happy to own it.
B000XERQTG Go-Ped GSR Sport review After reading the reviews of this goped I was a little on edge of wether I would be getting this scooter or not. I read all the reviews and the people who gave this amazing and fun scooter a low score just don't know how to ride them. I read that people's pull starts were snapping. That will happen when you yank the pull start as hard as u can and all the way out. Mine starts in 2 light pulls of the starter. This thing runs great and is a lot of fun!!!! I highly recommend anyone who is thinking about getting one to get it and ignore the bad reviews. People who gave this bad reviews just don't know how to treat this scooter and therefor it broke. I would buy another go ped anytime! Love this thing and ride it with my buddy who also bought one and we go all around town! Again amazing product!!!
B000XERQTG Overrated I have to say after reading all the reviews, my expectation was high.I cleaned a bathroom - tile floor and shower and an older bathtub. The directions say that soap isn't needed, whatever. It was much more effective with Purple Power. It did a decent job on the grout and tile, lots of hard water stains, took me more than an hour. But, in trying to getting grime out of an old tub, this device was worthless. I ended up using a scouring pad and comet. It took me 20 minutes with muscle. With the steamer, it would have taken 3 hours easily.Then I went to work on my 95 BMW Wheels and Engine. Seriously, a car wash sprayer washer blows this thing away. I don't get using this on wheels and tires. Used Simple Green or Purple Power and a power washer and tons better than this steamer.Finally, I tried it on a driveway that has fluid stains, again worthless.If I could, I'd return for a full refund, but now it'll stay in my closet for very limited jobs like steaming the curtains or mattress. I would never uset his on carpet as there are much better steamers for rent at Home Depot.
B000XETJU0 good shoe I used to ware wolverines until they started making the heals of the boot cheap and less supportive.Theses boots are very supportive.I gave four stars because of the hard orange plastic insert that is glued in to the shoe..I take a pair of pliers and rip them out. Then they are a perfect fit.
B000XETJU0 hicking boots the item arrived without any delay, packed properly in the original shoe box. as expected from a timberland shoes - they are very hansome, neat and give a warm and protective feeling
B000XETJU0 good boot, but I had a pair of these before and liked them.  The insoles on these seem less comfortable.I'll wear out these insoles, then pay some money for better ones.
B000XETJU0 I bought these for my employee. He said they fit fine.The thing is the tongue is un padded and literally cuts into his leg. terrible design. He has to wear a large bandaid at the tongue location.
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Soft-Toe Boot First of all, I from Malaysia, Hi to everyone, I would take this chance to  .thanks so much to Amazon.com & DHL services for their good work to reach my boots in safe arriving at my door step.This is the Second pairs of Timberland where I have choose from Amazon.com & DHL courier arrange by Amazon .com, service come secure & on time arriving as expected. Well done & good job to everyone.This Boot was awesome, very comfortable wearing, worth every single cents paid & I just love Timberland products now days. As I'm a Wedding Photographer, with long hours walk & standing 15 hours at least is expected, I need a good boots on the field with me .... thank God I found it in Amazon.com & DHL secure the following work for delivery on time. Thank you.Thinking of Boots, think of Timberland .... ordering it from Amazon.com & let DHL doing the following with secure your love item right way to you door step.
B000XETJU0 Bad Delivery I bought these boots and I paid for a 3 day delivery. Well low and behold they make it to my town by ups but then they take them past my house to usps.. I'm a truck driver I can't wait for the mailman to run.. So amazon promise to send me another pair.. Then they say they can't until they are determined lost but they took my money.. Long story short. First amazon experience a total disaster... Take it for what it's worth I will most definitely go buy straight from a store next time.. They are cheaper thru amazon but the thing is receiving your item...
B000XETJU0 fast delivery It was great to find these boots at Amazon. My hisband wore these a while back and I found they discontinued at the local store we used to buy at.
B000XETJU0 nice bootswhuh &ntilde;j&ntilde;b eb3&ntilde;ub3&ntilde;r4f web page will eebbebbbhjjjjj CVC and BBB HB hhh Had these boots for 2 years an they been great to me. timberlands are amazing boots. My signature boots awsomeness
B000XETJU0 Great Fit I was really worried ordering these boots online being i've never ordered shoes online before but being they were so much cheaper than at the store i took a chance at it. I measured my foot before ordering by placing a block of wood at my toe and heal then moved my foot out of the way and measured between the blocks which was 11 inchs exactly so i ordered a 11.5 and they turned out to be a perfect fit which doesn't always happen with cheap shoes there sizes can change a lot. my first day on the job,"carpenter by the way" they seemed great to me, ankles did feel a little discomfort, but not blisters as other reviews have mentioned, but after a few days of breakin they seem fine to me. I'll update on durability later.
B000XETJU0 Try your boots on before you buy them I bought these boots to replace my danner rain forest in the summer time witch I love.. but I had to Modify them by taking out the orange plastic thing out from under the insole to make more comfortable prevent blisters and rubbing on my heel also I bought a new insoles. There still alittle stiff around the ankle... All in all won't  buy again.. There are a nice looking boot tho
B000XETJU0 Thank you! Look fresh and fit great i love them very much, I appreciate it, timing was amazing for the holidays too!
B000XETJU0 Workshoes The shoes are comfortable. Seem to be made well. I've never purchased this brand previously. Only time will tell as far as lasting as advertised.
B000XETJU0 While constructed of good material, they are overlarge for size While constructed of good material, they are overlarge for size, lacing system is difficult to tighten, and ankle padding chafes Achilles tendon, regardless of break-in time.
B000XETJU0 The boots I keep coming back to... I've purchased about 4 pairs of these in an 8 year span. Why? Because they are work hose shoes that will hold up to just about anything you put them through. I'd recommend these to anyone in a maintenance shop, field repair or construction type environment.
B000XETJU0 Dependable workboot from a reputable firm. Have been purchasing the Pitbos 6&#34; for my adult son for the past 15 years; there'snot a better workboot for those who are on their feet all day. Long lasting, too!
B000XETJU0 Ok but not great..... Not as comfy as hoped for but not bad. Was looking for more cushion. Still breaking them in a bit after one week
B000XETJU0 Get the ones with the holes instead of the hooks... I've had these boots for about 2 months now and I like them.  They are comfortable and durable.  The hooks instead of eyelets at the top are very convenient but mine came off when I pulled the laces tight.  Now I need to either just deal with it and not lace the top eyelet or I need to send them in for a warranty replacement at my own cost.  I think they are bound to pull out again unless I'm very careful so I wish I had just bought the boots that have holes instead.  So that is what I would suggest doing.
B000XETJU0 Seems comfortable I have not worn it yet. But is seems comfortable.
B000XETJU0 A little stiff but ok The sizing of the boots are good.  But they are definetly stiff and will take some time to break in.  They are currently killing my ankles, but I have only had them for about a week.
B000XETJU0 Pain in the foot I ordered this style from Timberland because it seemed to bethe closest match I could find to a pair of Timberlandboots that I had for about 15 years.  It looks similarand the fit is about the same, but the right boothas a nail point just below the surface of the lining.I think I can fix it with a hammer and nail set, butI shouldn't have to.
B000XETJU0 Serious Design Flaw in Otherwise Quality Boots The materials and stitching are quality, but there's a serious internal design flaw.  The tongue of the boot is connected to a tab of leather in the ankle of the boot.  When you walk and put forward pressure on the tongue, it pulls this leather tab out from the side of the boot so it scrapes against the ankle bone.  This quickly gets painful.Of course I discovered this day 1 while on the jobsite, leaving the boots in less than pristine condition.  I intend to cut out the piece of fabric that connects the tongue to the leather tab.  Also, the less your ankle moves in the boot, the less of a problem it is, so cranking down on the laces will help (though it does not help blood circulation).The fact that I didn't see this mentioned in other reviews makes me wonder if they changed the design recently.  I cannot recommend buying these until they change the tongue design.In other notes, they are solid heavy leather boots that look well made.  The tread is shallower than my previous boots though, and I have to wonder how long it will hold up.
B000XETJU0 super sturdy work boot I am an asphalt paver and a lot of boots  can't stand up to the oil and heat of asphalt. These are my by far my favorite. My only Con is the weight, wish they could find a way to make them lighter without losing its sturdiness
B000XETJU0 Ouch Felt nice at first.Lost big toe nail on one foot and bruised some other toes. Not sure why but had to quit wearing. Not an everyday work boot for sure, for me.
B000XETJU0 Junk! I have owned a lot of timberland boots and these are the worst I have purchased. Very stiff, feels like plastic.
B000XETU1I Carefull about sizes This shoes are very strong and give confidence.But its mold is different the others T&#305;mberland shoes.If you are wearing US 9,you wont buy US 9 for this boots.This boots is smaller so you must choose bigger then US 9.Dont forget it.
B000XETU1I boss  shoes top quality.....very comfortable...reasonably priced...appear very durable...attractive for leisure-wear or work.received many compliments the first day i  put them on!!!!
B000XETU1I I like amason Beccus i like the r nise bootsAnd i love timberland shoes and close  the bery nise seleccion i will bay more
B000XETU1I Chinese product Made in ChinaWhat more can I say? U.S.A. economy in the toilet from outsourceing.The boots are as advertised. I'm disgusted that the origin wasn't described.
B000XETU1I need a 6.5 I am a Ironworker a wedge sole is best in the trade for walking the iron however; I need a size 6.5 which is never available.  The wedge sole is a style type I would buy twice a year if it is available in a 6.5
B000XETU1I Painless Painless!  Great boot! No break in. Felt great right out of the box. 7th pair I have had!  Thank you
B000XETU1I Cheap price and cheaper quality I don't know what material were made from, but the hard edges of the soles and the leather quality, were uniquely ghastly. I am comforted by the certainty of manufacture standards which could not be present in the USA.I worked in a food and clothing donation center, and must sadly state that, in good conscience I cannot give these once worn Timberland boots to a cold and needy individual because I have strong concerns about deforming them.My first pan of an Amazon product. My only cheerful feeling about the boots being thrown out, is they scream 'look how ugly my boots are' in bizarre '60s retro janitorial styling cues.I am sorry for Timberland-when I was in college I would have died for a pair of their original classic men's boot.
B000XETU1I TimberLand PRO I purchased these boots and have been rigorisly using them on a commercial job doing everything from masonary to electrical, paint and woodworking. These boots perform well in all aspects. They are suprisingly much more comfertable than I thought. For the price, it beats buying a pair of redwings for 300 bucks! I would buy these again in a heart beat.
B000XETU1I not beautiful as picture discribed i buy 53009 because it&#8216;s very similar to redwing 875In fact&#65292;when i got the items.I'm so disappionted that  the leather is so ugly compared with 875.but its cheap and durable. I like it
B000XETU1I Not what I wanted They came more red than the picture. Too big. Looked a lot different than the picture showed. Overall not a good boot
B000XETX7O timberland It's really good shoesi'm hapy to have them nowand i usethem as well for walking all around europe (mont blanc and more...)  they are not heavy so it's cool! Then they are really comfortable! So just take it...I'm 43 in france and order a 9 and it's fit perfectly!!
B000XEVJJO They dont tell the true on the Shipping Weight Everything whit the Timberland PRO Men's 50501 Expertise LT Steel-Toe Work Boot is good, but they dont tell the true on the Shipping Weight (2 pounds). The real shipping weight is 5 pounds. On the other hand they sent different color I bougth. Its not fear.
B000XEVJJO Scam. Do not buy from Altrec The insoles which come with Timberland Pro were removed. We have bought these before from retail stores for about the same which we paid on Amazon only to receive these shoes without the insole. We returned them right away.
B000XEVJJO Okay for the $ Nice it comes with the tough guard on the toe & heal. Down side was that the lace holes broke!  will not buy a work boot with cloth loops for lace eyelets again.
B000XEVJJO Surprised & disappointed... The loops for holding the laces ripped open the first time I tried to put the boots on.  Had seen a couple poor reviews, but thought those might have been "1-off's", since I have always been quite happy with the dozens of timberland boots I've previously owned.  Returned instead of exchange, because it looks like it's either a design or production flaw, and doubt a replacement set would hold up either.
B000XEVJJO Most Ill fitting /Uncomfortable timberland workboot I ever purchased Not happy with this product at all. The most uncomfortable/illfitting timberland workboot I have ever purchased. Wish I had kept the packaging these boots were shipped in. Total waste of money
B000XEVJJO Decent but not great Safe yourself the trouble and buy a Timberland boot that features their anti fatigue insoles.  These boots are not comfortable.
B000XEVJJO I didnt like I bought these boots a month ago and they are already ripping. Where the laces go through rip. I don't know why they designed them like this but they suck. I have owned Timberland shoes which were made better.
B000XEVJJO Excellent boots Light enough to be comfortable but sturdy and supportive. I have had several pairs and always reorder the same thing for a replacement. They are steel toed and protect against electrical shock which is important in my job. they are also cool in the summer which is a plus. The only complaint I have is that the laces are made of something which is sort of 'slick' and they tend to come untied unless double knotted, kind of annoying and I sometimes replace the laces early to get rid of this. otherwise a great work boot.
B000XEVJJO THE HEEL IS FALLING OFF I have worn these shoes for 10 work days.  Just simple walking and moving around.  The right heel is falling off.  I have had plenty of good timberlands in the past.  This is the first one that has ever fallen part.  I would not recommend this style.  I am changing them out asap.
B000XEVJJO not the best boots I've bought I think the quality that are made do not meet the quality standards used.It shows some asymmetric to see the boots and the glue used is ordinary.On the upside are quite comfortable to walk but I suggest to order them 1/2 size larger than usual.
B000XEVJJO They have  a great style but some defects inside.... The problem I have with left side is that in the center of the heel is a metal rivet that feels like a stone, and those shoes must be used all day, I need to hit it, to dissapear it.
B000XEVJJO Good shoe very attractive I rated it 4stars because the insoles are not comfortable for all day working had to buy some dr scholls inserts
B000XEVJJO Good Comfy Boots. I have been wearing these boots daily for a month now. They are extremely comfortable to wear all day long and then some. They also provide a good ventilation for those with sweaty feet.One thing keeping them from getting 5 stars is the durability. There is minor fraying on all the seams and stitching. The laces are just a little to long so they drag on the ground even when tied properly so the ends are being frayed.Despite these minor setbacks i will probably purchase another pair when they wear out.
B000XEVLF6 well built and confortable as always very well built , you can wear them the whole day without any discomfort ..they are built to last beautiful design
B000XEVLF6 Poor Quality I bought these shoes in January and they were shot by end of march. Inside lining near your heal was all gone. Very disappointed. Never again.
B000XEVLF6 Too Large, Too Small I love the Timberland brand, because you can relay on the quality of the materials. These were no exception, built very well. I experienced two problems with these shoes. First, they fit too tight across the toes and front part of the foot, but are too loose in the heel. I am going to keep them, since I am retired and just use them in my workshop. I wouldn't wear them to work every day. Also, the tongue on the left shoe is too short and the shoestring slips off and rides on my foot. I have to stop, untie, pull up the tongue, and re-tie. I think these may be seconds. This is the last time I am going to purchase shoes on the Internet.
B000XEVLF6 Great Only have the a couple days but so far so good.I belive they are well made ,but then I'm a fan of timberland
B000XEVLF6 It was ecxellent the shoes were very good and confortable, I like them very much. I recomment them 100% to everyone who works hard
B000XEVLF6 Comfortable and stylish Good fit and comfortable shoe. Would have given a better rating but the shoes both developed a squeak which gets annoying. Hoping this will go away after they get more broken in.
B000XEVLF6 Second purchase of this product. I bought this item a few years ago, in spite of some negative reviews.  One review pointed out that theycould not break them in.  I had a simular experience.  They were uncomfortable for a very long time.When I tried on this new pair, I was pleasantly surprized,  The felt good right out of the box.  If theymade changes,  they hit their mark. I have always liked the Timberland line, and this renews my faith in them.
B000XEVLF6 Did not get to wear them. I thought it said 12 ee2 but I received a 12w to narrow could not wear had to send back for a refund, Thank goodness it was easy to send back for full refund. I will buy another pair when I find  12EEE WIDE
B000XEVLF6 yes blisters guess they need a bit more breaking in im sure 5 mile hike after just wearing them around the house wasnt enough just one foot got a blister though in an odd place so im sure they will break in just fine
B000XEVLF6 Just as ordered. My pair came on time as what was schedule and everything is just as advertised. My shoes has already taken a beating, but they work just like new.
B000XEVM50 Fit fine until it started breaking in I wear a wide shoe and order a 10w which is what I have been fitted to in several different brands.  When the shoes arrived they seemed to fit fine walking around the house and yard just to test the fit.  After the first day of work once the toe portion started to flex they developed a crease right at the bottom of the laced up portion.  This crease is smashing the base knuckle of my large toe to the point that these shoes are unbearable to wear for more then a couple of hours and to even reach that point I have to have them on completely loose.  Put up with it for a little over a week hoping they would continue to break in and they have not.
B000XEVM50 Timberland shoe review This is my third or fourth pair. That says it all. I just go to Amazon and order and in a couple of days I have them. No running around to different stores. I can get the best deal sitting in my easy chair. Love it.
B000XEVM50 A bit heavier than i thought They are comfortable and very resistent but FOR ME they are a little heavy. I cant do long walks whit them.
B000XEVM50 Got these fast --  Super Comfy but a bit "stiff" --  Break in Required I received these "shoeboots" faster than I expected.  When I put them on they seemed a little tight on the wide side.  I wore them for at least 10 hours while trying to "soften" them up...  As expected, they are starting to conform to my foot.  So far, so good.  My thoughts -- Timberlands cost more but are usually worth the extra money.  PLUS... These are Steel Toe...  They meet the union, venue and OSHA criteria for contractor footwear.I'll update y'all after a few gigz.
B000XEVM50 Very sturdy shoe. These shoes take some breaking in. I'm a week into it. Man oh man do they squeak.  I like them. They're well built. Very uncomfortable at first.
B000XEVM50 Perfect The only flaw i have is... when working on a sandy job sight i have to empty the sand out a couple times a day... but other than that i love them .... nice grip on roofs, and can let wall rest on toes before we lift.... over all a great purchase for me
B000XEVM50 Satisfied No break in required, shoes fit well and my toes have enough room in the cap. They are a bit slippery in my opinion but I still consider it a five star shoe.
B000XEVM50 Every Top Clip (lacing) Broke I was worried ordering these that the top strap that laces goes around would not hold up and usre enough over half a year of full time use every single one had busted off.I was able to easily solder a hole through the remaining party when this would happen.  This allows you to still keep your foot secure since  going without the top laces is not viable but the tongue is not properly supported and leads to greater wear over time.At first these shoes were great.  They are light weight and comfortable while meeting steel toe requirement.  It's got solid grip and I received a lot of compliments for them however they do not last overtime.
B000XEVM50 5 stars as of day 3 5 stars as of day 3. I will update later. I am on a concrete floor all the time, these are quite comfortable. No "break-in" peroid like cat boots that are so painful. I got the 12 2e and it fits my left foot perfect my right foot is a little wider and my pinkey toe barely rubs. another mm and i couldn't fit in the shoe with a good pair of socks no problems yet.2 months later. Very Comfortable. I have probably walked 1000+ miles in them and have kicked pallets into pieces i can fit into a compactor, dropped cinder blocks on my toes, and it has saved me from a nail, etc... However the outside looks terrible now. They have no cosmetic appeal left whatsoever. Considering the abuse i put on them they are well worth the money, just not something I would wear on a date. I rate these shoes 4.9 stars. *only magical, indestructible, cheap, and comfortable shoes get 5 stars*The bottom line of my comments YES THIS IS A GOOD BUY.
B000XEVM50 cool shooz After seveal pairs of wrk boots, this pair seems to be the most i like, do to its comfort of being on my feet all day. super lite and comfy is a huge plus.. id recomened these 2 all my co-wrkrs.
B000XEVM50 Summer shoes that look like snow tires. I really like the mudsill shoes, for fit, comfort, and looks. They have the appearance of a full knobby sole. It's yet to be seen how they hold up to commercial mechanical service work and construction sites, but so far I'm happy. The toe protector guard is a good feature if you spend a lot of time working on your knees on concrete surfaces, because I've worn through a couple pairs that way.They're relatively light and seem well made. Virtually no break in required for full comfort.
B000XEVM50 Mudsill is a good product This is my eigth or ninth pair of Timberland Pro Series Mudsills. I used to by them at the local Sears. I remember the first time I tried them on, because I used to purchase Herman's Survivors at Wal-Mart. I thought there would never be a better fitting pair of shoes for construction...until one day when a jagged piece of freshly cut rebar sliced open the front of my left Herman Survivor (Non steel toe) boot just narrowly missing my toes. That scared the pants off me! When I tried the Timberland Pro Series Mudsill, I couldn't believe the immediate comfort...of a steel toe shoe! But the price at that time (8 years ago) was outrageous!!! $130.00 for the Mudsill. Because of comfort however I purchased the Timbeland product.Then I found Working Persons Store online. I have to say with regret as good of products that Working Person's store has their protocol for their customers is horrible. I would place an order and instead of like Amazon who keeps their customers abreast of their orders, WPS would NEVER update their customers. They always seem to be back order. One time I waited 3 months for an order (recently), then said forget it! When I spoke with the CS person they would say they don't know. What's that???? And I would have to constantly call???? As the guys on Monday Night Football would say, &#34;C'Mon Man?!!!I told WPS to forget it. Then I thought, &#34;what about Amazon?!&#34; Not only did Amazon have my size Timberland Mudsill in stock, it was much CHEAPER!!!!!!!! And I received them in only a week and a half! Thank you Amazon!I have one critique however, whoever Timberland's New manufacturer is they are not as good as the one from years past making the Mudsill. They wear out much faster now. Timberland if you wish to keep (my 8-9th pair) loyal customers you better deliver a very good product. Money is harder to come in today's economy. I have no problem taking my business to the company that wants my loyalty.
B000XEVM50 Tinberland:) These are multi purpose shoes I picked them up because of my new job where I am on my feet as far as I am concerned they are everything they claimed to be and more super comfortable I work on wet floors no problem just as sure footed as walking on a dry floor. I'm sure If someone bought these for outdoors they would too love them. Thank you TIMBERLAND
B000XEVM50 Nice but inflexible. These shoes were listed as being utilized for hiking. They should not be considered in any case for hiking or walking. These shoes are virtually inflexible. It was literally almost impossible to bend the toe of the shoe. I put them on and tried to walk around my den and found that they were absolutely rigid. I don't think any abount of 'breaking-in' would resolve the issue at all.
B000XEVM50 For some reason these are junk Ok let me elaborate, The shoe/boots are of nice quality, Shoe as in the exterior. The inside is just utter garbage wore for about 2 weeks at UPS and they are falling apart, Would not recommend these Timberland boots. The fabric on the tongue bunches up forms creases irritates your feet. The heel area fabric is also has the same problem this is my second pair.Also has almost no grip on metal surfaces you wont slip bot dont expeck grip to move something
B000XEVM50 timberland pro mens 40008 These shoes are a great fit extremely comfortable will be back for more definitely worth the five star rating I gave it
B000XEVM8W So far so good Out of the box they are rather comfortable. I am on my feet walking on concrete for at least 8hours and there wasn't really any break in fatigue. Only time will tell how they will hold up.
B000XEVM8W better than average needed these in a hurry and amazon delivered!i have wide ,hard to fit  feet and was pleasantly suprised at the fit.still steel mtoes,which i hate but better than most
B000XEVM8W Concrete floor not a match for these For someone who does a great deal of walking on a concrete factory floor, these shoes are a blessing. I didn't even have to break them in. Comfortable from the start. Only had for a week so I'll have to see how long they last, but being from Timberland I suspect they will last quite a while. If so, I will definitely buy another pair.
B000XEVM8W bonito, mas pesado bonito, razoavelmente confort&aacute;vel, por&eacute;m pesado, com bico muito duro.no sei se vai melhorar com o tempo (amaciar) pois ele &eacute; bem r&iacute;gido.
B000XEVM8W Surprisingly comfortable I was very surprised how comfortable and light these shoes were.  fit well right out of hte box no break in period is always nice.  Like some of hte others have stated though inside liner is pretty cheaply made it is tearing off in just 3 weeks.
B000XEVM8W proformance im a contractor and they took a few days to break in. 5 weeks now and there still holding up well. Soals have great traction for walking roofs and on wet floors
B000XEVM8W Perfect Work Shoe Great PriceDurable MaterialsMost of all COMFORTABLEShipped QuicklyI would highly recommend purchasing shoes from this vendor.Satisfied Customer
B000XEW60K Everything OK but are too tight Shoes are very good but difficult to slip on because are to tight at instep, It should be more flexible. The quality, shipment, & price OK.
B000XEW60K Greatness I thoroughly love these but after the first week I noticed how easily they've gotten scuffed. I expect more rugged wearability from timberland
B000XEW60K Continue to be happy with timberland A little snug on ankle going on but otherwise fits my average size feet well.  Pretty cushy in bottom too.
B000XEW60K Bad Quality I had bad luck with this shoes...the leather was not well-cured and since the first time I wear them they start to get white marks in some parts of the shoe (only for walking). They are very comfortable but the appearence is very bad even after I luster them.
B000XEW60K Good, but not great After reading the other reviews, I decided to take the plunge and try a new brand.  Having been a long time Red Wing and Worx fan, I wanted to see if I was falling for brand hype, or perhaps there was something better out there.This shoe is ok, but not one I will buy again.  I like the slip on, and the style is nice, but they are very stiff out of the box, and are taking a long time to break in.They don't offer the comfort of similarly priced shoes from Red Wing.  They are slightly snug on my toes (I have a wide foot).On the up side, they are stylish enough to wear to casual events, such as business dinners.Overall, they are ok for the money, but not the best.  I like them enough to keep wearing them, but not enough to buy them again.
B000XEW60K Nice Safety Shoe Met my expectations in comfort and quality. Can wear on visits to customers factories and out and about between visits.
B000XEW60K Buyer beware Nice shoe, but way too big even with inserts. Almost rolled my ankle when I stepped on a little rock. Not suited for a job site.
B000XEW60K Comfortable, well-made shoe. This is my third pair of Timberlines.  Quality and fit have been consistent showing the company pays attention to detail..
B000XEW60K Tight at ankle As other people have observed, the ankle opening on these is abnormally small.  The elastic has to stretch to the limit just to get them on.  Once on, they fit OK, but the elastic is always in tension.  Since the tongue is padded, it's not a big deal, but getting them on is a challenge.  These definitely aren't slip-on/slip-off.  I might consider using a shoe stretcher to open it up a little, but the elastic will probably negate it anyway.
B000XEW60K Timberline work shoe They were a little tight at the top where the elastic stretch band is so a little cut did the trick rather than wait for them to stretch a little but otherwise they are great!
B000XEW60K Nice, solid shoes. Maybe too solid? It's a lovely shoe. Breaking it in is hard as hell, though. I need to wrap my achilles tendons when I wear them so I have a chance to heal.
B000XEW60K Too bulky I bought this shoe based on good reviews, but when I got it and tried it on, did not like it, I thought it was too bulky and hard to put on and take off, so I returned it.
B000XEW60K too tight Opening way to tight, once foot in shoe it is loose except at the opening. Not enough stretch at opening
B000XEW60K Reviewed by a Truck Driver At this time i can honestly say these live up to the timberland standard of comfort and quality. The exterior of the shoe feels solid and durable, while the interior, right out of the box, is very comfortable. While i spend most of my time behind the wheel, i unload in some pretty unfriendly places in terms of terrain. Muddy, Large Stones, sometimes Slick, and other conditions that mean i need to have a good solid footing.Even being low-cut they still stay tight on my feet and hug my ankle firmly. Based on another reviewer i feared too firmly but that was not the case for me. Easy to get on and off means when i'm delayed and crawl into the bunk for awhile its easy to kick off my shoes, and put them back on when its my turn to work.All in all i can say i will be quite happy with this workboot/shoe in my line of work; hopfully it will last longer than my previous shoes of a different brand, and continue to remain as comfortable as the day i bought them.
B000XEX67M 2 thumbs up I'm very impressed with this workboot, its ultra stylish but yet well constructed perfect design for ironworkers who use a deck saw and welding. The sparks will pit-up or catch this boot on fire allowing the worker to complete all job task with ruinning the boot fresh out the box all while beng in style. I love it!!!
B000XEX67M Great Boot I was a little unsure about ordering a shoe/boot online. But this has been a fine experience. The reviews and information from the manufacture all convinced me that I should give it a try. I have been in the boots for one full week and have had no issues. Fit is true to size and they meet all the requirements of my employer and then some. I expect to have many happy years in these boots. I want to thank all of you who put reviews in before me, it really helped. Thanks.
B000XEXA46 Don't do it... I opened the box, inserted the foot, proceeded to lace and (2) of the lace rings broke as I attempted to lace.Timberland used to be a good buy and a quality brand.  But like most companies that choose to change their demographic to a more urban audience, up goes the profit and down goes the quality. (Similar to NorthFace) From a business standpoint, I guess I get it but its just a shame.I will never buy a Timberland product again... good business model!!!
B000XEXEZ6 You won't be sorry! If you want to dominate a CQB situation, use this rifle!  My choices were down to this rifle or the PS90...I am not sorry that I chose this R16!PROS:looks, feels and weighs like the real dealMetal mag and gearsHi quality durable plastic constuction - when you hold this rifle, you know it is qualityadjustable butt stock and hop upshoots straight as an arrowshoots hard and shoots fast!!Hi capacity magEasily accessible battery compartment (others complain that it is tight, but I do not see this being the case)Adjustable sites - (although very cool, not something that can be justified on an airsoft rifle)Fully Auto or Semi Auto - Fun Fun Fun either wayCONS:Orange Tip - Corrected by painting it!The grip just above where you place your middle finger is sharp and causes irritation...Corrected by filing the edges down.Sometimes in semi-auto mode, the trigger freezes up.  This is corrected by 1) switching to full auto, or 2) making necessary adjustment to the adjustment screw located on the bottom of the pistol gripIf you are considering this gun...consider no more...just buy it!
B000XEXF0K excellent battery upgrade Shipped Fast and fits perfectly in Samsung Galaxy.i  noticed significant battery life and recommend anyone have battery issues upgrade to this
B000XF04LM no breakin I am a painting contractor. yesterday was fisrt day. Felt like I had them for years. Safty toe with sneaker fit will buy a few mor pairs soon
B000XF04LM Very comfortable! I needed shoes that were light, durable and comfortable. They were very comfortable right from the start, no break-in needed. Previously tried a pair of Wolverine's of similar design. Probably a quality shoe but very uncomfortable. If I can get a year's worth of wear and comfort out of the Timberland's, I will be pleased.
B000XF04LM Not comfortable Pretty heavy and pretty hard, but not comfortable, It's my fault to bought it without thinking over before. But the quality is fine. Maybe try other timberland shoes later.
B000XF04LM http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000XF2410/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 A superb shoe.  The best to be had for traction and durability.  The leather holds up better than any other to water and chemicals.
B000XF04LM Working man's comfy shoes !! This is my 2nd pair of Timberland pro's Titans. After a short break-in period, they are comfortable enough for 10+ hours of continuous wear. I like them for the ease of taking on and off at the customers door, therefor not tracking dirt and crud into the house.
B000XF04LM good shipper is the best shoe,it that has a 1 inch in step and safty toethese are required for my work.i got them from a local store and now cant get them any moreive warn these for an average 2 years per pairyes i will be getting another pair
B000XF04LM Their ok, but know your size and wear a decent thick sock Thought they were going to be too large but I made them work. Pretty comfortable but I'll just have to wait til there broke in since it hurts around the ankles and in the top bend of my foot when kneeling or flexing your foot when walking. I hope they get better.
B000XF04LM Not perfect but very close to what I was looking for. The shoe didn't feel right when it arrived and gave me a blister the 1st time I walked a half hour in it.  I considered returning it but am glad I did not.  The inside coating around the right heel had a rough spot where the blister was and the right foot didn't fit as well as the left.  The seconcd problem was corrected by replacing the inserts and the first by wearing it long enough to smooth out the rough spot.The things I bought it for are all there:Has a safty toe.Looks like a shoe rather than a boot.Plain black:  no logos, no pictures, no silly commentsHolds up well when worn hiking or farming and still looks good enough to ware to the office.Not as heavy as a work boot.
B000XF04LM shoeguy Well made, quality material and should last a long time.Well made, quality material and should last a long time.
B000XF04LM Love this machine shoes Lovely design,Lovely qualityLovely strong meterialLovery quality and colorA Little large length and wide.But very satisfied.Thanks.
B000XF04LM Amazing!! Fit is a wee bit small, so I'd order at least a half size up, but other than that Amazing shoes. Held up to the 300 pound pallet and other such bits, and all ten toes are still attached. They do scuff a bit easy, but they don't do much more than that. Had mine for a Bit and they are still amazing, and still comfortable. Would definitely recommend...
B000XF04LM UPS driver in Brooklyn I am a UPS driver in Brooklyn New York.I jump in at the truck all day long. I find them very light and very comfortable on my feet and knees. I will highly recommend them but so far I haven't used them in the rain
B000XF04LM very light and comfortable been wearing these for a few days.  A real treat for my feet.  Very comfortable and surprisingly light.  The sides rub a little bit on my ankles but it seems to be going away after a few days.
B000XF04LM Great looking, durable and tough. I work in a variety of conditions and these shoes provide the comfort and durability I need to make it through day. In addition they have a classic look that I can wear to client meetings as well as on the job sight. The power fit feature really makes a difference.
B000XF04LM I am conflicted I got these because they had a thick sole and the description and reviews suggested this was a really tough shoe, it is. These things were built to go into a coal mine. However, I got them for janitorial work so they actually turned out to be way to heavy and uncomfortable for my work. Also the thick fabric didn't have a good fit at my small shoe size (but I wear a size 6.5 mens so that is a common problem).Its really hard for me to find a Timberland Oxford I am really happy with for my job. I really want to find a pair that last but are not so heavy, but I wear through the thinner soled shoes in about half a year. This pair definitely won't break anytime soon, but they are just not as attractive or comfortable as the earthkeeper oxfords I bought.
B000XF04LM Fit perfectly and are comfortable I had a pair of ankle high Timberland pro that I loved previously but our shipyard shoe doesn't carry them any more. I bought these online and they fit perfectly and are comfortable right out of the box!
B000XF04LM Good overall boot This was a great pair of boots,  they felt just like a normal pair of boots without the added weight that regular 6 inch version would give.  The fir was true and the break in period was not very long at all.  The only issue i had with my pair was a manufactures defect in the bedding of one of the shoes.  it was like walking on a bubble near the front of my foot and it never fixed itself during break in. I am sure this was an isolated issue and would be very uncommon to run across again.  The only other thing with this boot that i did not like , and it was more of a personal preference and not really an issue was that the leather itself was very stiff and rigid.
B000XF04LM Great work shoe! the Timberland Pro Series of shoes are great and perform exactly how I expected them to. I would recommend them to anyone needing she is that perform up to a higher set of standards.
B000XF04LM it is OK while I am not that satisfy it is very fit and somehow I like it, while its surface is easily rubbed and some ugly traces would leave in the surface, this is what I am not that satisfy.
B000XF4D1Y comfortable from the start purchased for hubby, never had a break in period, they supported and fit perfectly. comfort level was a 5 star.wants another pair ASAP.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Pro Titan Very pleased with the shoes. The quality and comfort meet the standards I always expect and get from Timberland products.
B000XF4D1Y Good shoes Love these shoes. Got a pair bigger than I expected because of the wrong conversion to russian size units (my mistake). Everything else is ok: color, quality and shipment (1 week to Russia, not even Moscow, Wow!).But: it thought they're &#34;made in the USA', but... no: China, doesn't matter that arrived to me from KY
B000XF4D1Y Title shorter than short review This is the fourth time I've purchased exactly the same kind and size of shoe via Amazon.com  I am satisfied with the service I have received from you, and obviously I like the shoes.  Thank you.  Donald Silberger
B000XF4D1Y one of the best shoes i have ever had. this sheo is strong doing its thing and very comfertable.you fill good when you walk with them they high soft and people look at themwith admiration.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland (back from the ashes???) I stopped buying timberland years ago, as the quality went down (i think the company changed hands) but i was advised to try these walking shoes and i will say they are superb, great fit, well made, soft and just need a little bit of breaking in, they were a bit pricey but you might expect that if the quality is high (it is) highly recommended 5STARS!!!!
B000XF4D1Y Very comfortable shoes- they do run large though I wear 10.5 EE and just ordered a 10.5 D and they are still slightly large but very comfortable. They are completely metal free so they will not trip metal detectors in secure areas. I have only had them a week so durability is not known yet. So far very pleased.
B000XF4D1Y slippery sole It has very very very slippery sole on the snow and when there is minus temperature (-25...0 C) in the street. Not for Russia. I don't know why this model is PRO series.
B000XF4D1Y It did not worked for me These shoes fit as expected.  Very comfortable but did not worked for me.  When I get new shoes, I usually wear them at home for an hour to break them in.  After 10 minutes, it starting to hurt around the side of my feet (fibia bone).  Apparently the shoe opening is too high thus hitting my fibia bone when walking.  So I decided to return them.
B000XF4D1Y GREAT SHOES!!! I bought these to replace the Timberlands I've has since 2003 - just to let you know how much I liked them - and these are BETTER! They're super comfortable, almost as comfortable as sneaker. I was hesitant about paying so much, but it's been as week and they seem worth it.
B000XF4D1Y Review of Timberland PRO Mens 47015 Titan Soft Toe The shoes are extremely comfortable fit very well and look good.However I would not buy another pair because of the very strong smell from the soles. When I first opened the box the smell was quite over powering. After wearing them for 2 weeks the smell is still there but not as strongI would have thought that Timberland with their leaning towards the environment would not produce the product for the shoe sole.Had I lived in England I would have returned them without hesitation
B000XF4D1Y break in as with all shoes you will need to break them in. my pair bent right at my big toe and cased  me to add band aids unit the are more flexible in time. other then that they are very well fitting.
B000XF4D1Y so so It's cheap and comportable. But it isn't strong enough for working boots. One pair of shoes only lasted for 6 month.
B000XF4D1Y Very confortable Can not find anything wrong. Fit like a glove. Have on all day and are very comfortable. Would buy again.
B000XF4D1Y fixed my sore feet comfortable right out of the box.  Just started wearing, so don't know how they will hold up. but so far i like them
B000XF4D1Y very good fit 10.5 Wide More of a work shoe than casual, just what I wanted.  I used Sno-Seal all season leather protector, warmed the shoes up and it soaked right in.  With the last two weeks of rain it protected them very well.
B000XF4D1Y brought it about 4 months brought it about 4 monthsit was crack in the sole alreadydid not last longi think i brought the bootleg versioncan amazon check if they are delivering bootleg product
B000XF4D1Y cheap junk I bought a pair of these never did fit right then the eyelets started pulling through the leather . On closer inspection the eyelets that were failing were in backwards typical chinese quality wont buy timberland again
B000XF6L7I very uncomfortable Ive gone through many pair of STB and these are by far the least comfortable for me. These only get 2 stars because they do at least look nice
B000XF6L7I looks,comfort,tough as nails these boots are as comfortable as sneakers first boot that didnt come off as soon as i got home ive had them all including $300 redwings and nothing compeats with tim pros for comfort or durability i got over a year out of these and im a welder so thats impressive for any type of clothing
B000XF6L7I Like the style, but... The style looks nice in the picture.  When I received, It surprised me that they are smaller than they look in the picture.  I was planning to send back to get one size larger, but too much hassle!The leather is a little soft, easy to scratch.  For the first two week I wore to go around (not for work yet) and the toes already had 3 chips.I would not recommend you to get these for work.
B000XR2GN4 More than expect Actually I bought them and it was one month later when I got them in China.But they are worth waiting!even they cost me 20 dollars to send them to China!&#24456;&#26834;&#65281;&#29305;&#20215;&#20080;&#30340;&#65281;&#36719;&#36719;&#30340;&#65292;&#23601;&#26159;&#36716;&#36816;&#36153;&#22826;&#36149;&#65292;&#27809;&#24819;&#21040;&#36825;&#20040;&#37325;&#65281;
B000XR2GN4 Good fit but they rub The boots fit fine but I've noticed that the tongue of the right boot is rubbing against my foot. I've ordered inserts and will see if they change anything.
B000XR2GN4 Great so far I have been wearing them for 1 month and they are holding up good. I am a landscaper who puts my boots through a rough test. They stay tied and are very light.
B000XR2GN4 Very comfortable out of the box I ordered these work shoes after reading many positive reviews on Amazon. I will agree that they are very comfortable right out of the box. One thing I don't like is the shoelace easily slips off the two sets of speed laces at the top of the shoe. As I try to pull the laces tight, they constantly slip off the hooks. Very annoying. I have yet to be able to get them completely laced without at least once having to start over because they slipped off the hooks. They should have made the hooks a little deeper. I think this would help. On the bright side, once I do get them tied, they never come off the hooks and remain tied all day. Not sure if I would buy again. Will have to wait and see how they hold up. I've only had them a couple of weeks, but wear them everyday in electrical construction.
B000XR2GN4 Well made, light duty boot. Nicely made, light, and very comfy for well used feet !East off, easy on. No need to pull laces from eyes to loosen and slip off.Size is correct....that is a rare thing these days. High quality laces that stayed tied all day!!! Well worth the price.John from Maine
B000XR2GN4 Pro believer This is my 6th pair, so I am obviously satisfied with this boot. Only reservation I have is that they can't be half-soled, and  the soles wear out long before the leather uppers.
B000XR2GN4 Like all the reviews I read before I bought these ... Like all the reviews I read before I bought these boots, out of the box they fit like a glove and absolutely no break in period! They appear to be a very quality product ? Only time will tell and if they don't hold up I'll be the first to say so, but for now I like what I see and I believe it's a winner!
B000XR2GN4 Great shoe fit just as i needed it to and also the cushioning inside  is very comforting.It's really worth the money. The shipping  time was also on point.
B000XR2W1U I like. I was looking for a motorcycle boot. This is good for that. They're a decently comfortable fit right away but need some breaking in. They're stiffer and more movement restrictive in the ankle than I anticipated, but I think that's good given what I need them for.overall I'm very glad I got them, they're perfect for hard labor or a motorcycle ride.
B000XR2W1U great boot Bought for my daughter loves them needed for riding on the ambulance studing to be an emt. All I expected
B000XR2W1U Woods or Urban Adventures Excellent & Sturdy for in urban adventures as well as for getting lost in the woods! Look good w.dark chinos, look sweet as you portage!
B000XR2W1U Better to be safe than sorry! Just received these in the mail today and wore them all day long at work with no problems at all.  They are very comfortable with lots of toe room which is nice because my big toe is still swollen from dropping a 35# roll of butcher paper on it.  Wish I'd had these shoes on at the time. Better to be safe than sorry!
B000XR2W1U Solid shoe - long break in period Boots are still not comfortable. They continue to rub against my ankle bone. I have had Timberlands in the past and know that once I break them in they will be great. But until then its a painful wait.
B000XR2W1U didn't like it It was too roomie in the front, but very narrow toward the heel.  I previously tried on the men's version and it was one of the most comfortable boots I have ever worn, the woman's version however is the exact opposite.
B000XR2W1U great price Couldn't get this model/color at local safety shoe store. Found this store on line, knew the product and size. Price saved me twenty dollars and gas money. Ratings were good and people satisfied with warranty service although I had no reason for warranty. Shoes arrived quickly, brand new and broke in after one use.Was happy to hear that my business was with a veteran, passed this on to fellow employees to consider this company when next year comes.
B000XR30FM Very comfy and supportive This is a great boot - I wish they made half sizes and narrows, but even at size 9 it's very comfortable and stays securely on my feet.
B000XR30FM Good, sturdy boots but.... I only gave these 3 stars because the left one immediately gave me a blister on my ankle. There is very stiff material sewn into the boot around the heel/ankle area  and it poked out right where my ankle bone is and rubbed it raw.  I had to take a razor blade and cut this material away. Then I covered the area with duct tape. Problem solved.  But what a hassel.  The boots could use more padding to cover the rather sharp edge of this material. Other than that issue they are comfortable, but in hindsight I should have bought a pair that was more expensive and thus more well made.
B000XR30FM Phew! they fit Perfectly! and WOW...comfortable! First, to set the scene, I'm constantly walking on large and odd-shaped sharp cornered gravel and rocks.These advertised flexible soft leather, lightweight status, firm soft-toe protection, and 'fit as expected'.I got my boots today - double-boxed (nice, Thank you!) - and put them on right away - FIT !!  Perfectly!!***Most important advise I used (especially for ordering online) was to wait till the afternoon to take measurements: feet bones spread to natural need by then.  I recommend everyone ordering online do so, and THEN take your measurements.I measured (3 x's, to be sure) (and in cm & inches) and found my size and width !And it's the width that's making the difference.I have toe-wriggle room, my feet are comfy, and yet are feeling very secured by lacing to my preference.The boots were laced up quickly, I pulled the laces tight thru the loops without struggle, and thanks to the top two hooks, the boots also came off very quickly.The material is really nice - very flexible.  I have one foot tucked under my seat now, bent at the toes, very nice feel.The toe has a firm safety form, even being non-steel toe'd.I trooped around on the gravel all afternoon in our camp, firm footing.....and it's actually very cushion'y.And yes, lightweight. The lining around the ankle is very padded but without being bulky.And with a 30-day comfort guarantee, with aHighly recommend - safe buy, just don't measure your feet until you've walked around a while and pay attention to the width.*****  Added real Good Feel about the Company, which I didn't know about: Statistics on the box:Use of Renewable Energy - 11.63%; Chemical use - PVC Free - 85.5%; Eco Conscious materials - 26.5%; Recycle content shoebox - 100%. Trees planted (this is really sweet) thru 2009 - 1, 118, 538.Great product, Proactive Company.
B000XR30FM Park Ranger I really like the timberland boot. It is super light and comfy, usually no breakin time. the left boot rubs my ankle where the grommet is on this latest pair. This is my third pair. I am a park  ranger on my feet all day. The heels wear out  and leak from the bottom, but the comfort and the price negotiate this.
B000XR30FM HEAVEN SENT! THESE ARE AMAZING! I bought them early for a trip hiking so I could wear them in a bit before embarking, let me tell you, I did not need any time to do that! They were perfect immediately! I swear they were made for my feet!
B000XR30FM Timberland Pro Boot Since its August in Florida - 90 plus degrees with a heat index of 100 plus, I haven't actually worn them anywhere but I have tried them on and walked around the house. They fit very well but I will have to wait a few months to really test them. I'm looking forward to wearing them with jeans during fall and winter here. I have very weak ankles and think these will give me the support I need. I noticed that other buyers had given them very good reviews.
B000XR4IXA Timberland PRO Titan boots: I love them! Just a few words:1. Comfy, fits like a glove2. Very light, as compared to caterpillars or King's and even Bata.3. Stylish4. I'll update again about durability. &#128522;
B000XR4IXA Great Weat The only boots that I have found to last at my job.  Light and durable.  Price so that I have 2 pairs to trade out.
B000XR4IXA Good choise I have had to wear steel toes in the past and had a bad experience with a narrow toe area. So I spent a lot of time looking online and came up with this pair. I love them - only minor problems when I lace them up too tight.  I think that the extra height of the shoe helps with the extra weight - but maybe that's just me. I'm very happy with this shoe and happy that it meets the standards of my employer -  one more thing - this is the only delivery that arrived without a receipt when I realy needed one, but the info on the Amazon website and my confirmation emails were good enough to make it through the red tape for reimbursement.
B000XR4IXA Sizes changed For years I've always bought Timberland boots in size 8/8.5W.  I thought I'd be on the safe side and order an 8.5W.  I could barely get my foot into them.
B000XXGMRO I  LIKE This pair of shoes is I buy things among the best&#65281;Very good&#65292;I Like it&#65281;size very very well&#65292;very comfortableIt is so handsome&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;
B000XXGMRO haihao &#25105;&#24179;&#26102;&#30382;&#38795;&#31359;42-42&#30340;&#65292;&#36816;&#21160;&#38795;&#31359;42-43&#30340;&#65292;&#20080;8.5&#30340;&#26377;&#28857;&#22823;&#20102;1&#30721;&#24038;&#21491;&#65292;&#20294;&#26159;&#38795;&#23376;&#30340;&#27454;&#24335;&#36824;&#26159;&#19981;&#38169;&#30340;&#65292;&#21861;&#26102;&#20505;&#27963;&#21160;&#20877;&#25784;&#19968;&#21452;&#65292;&#25645;&#37197;&#22823;&#34915;&#29275;&#20180;&#35044;&#31359;&#36824;&#26159;&#24456;&#26377;&#22411;&#30340;&#12290;I usually wear shoes, 42-42, 42-43 to wear shoes, and buy a little big around 8.5 1 yard, but the style of shoes is good, then roll up a pair of Shashi Hou activities, with a coat or a pair of jeans to wear very type the.
B000XXGMRO Great Looks sharp, comfy. Fits as expected. Thinking about buying a pair for my brother. No buyers regret at all, especially for the price.
B000XXGMRO tutto ok Scarpa comoda e molto bella da indossare, un prodotto che cosiglio a chiunque, un po' grande il numero che ho scelto, ma del resto tutto ok!
B000XXGMRO niiice its compliment after compliment with this pair of timbos.  i messed up by getting a half size larger than usual tho
B000XXGMRO Love the boots From the previous posts I knew the boots ran a size too big, but enjoy the room.  These are so comfortable and great looking.  I even wore them on the plane to avoid paying extra for too much in my check-in on the plane.  Wore them throughout trip to San Francisco and hiking in Yosemite Park.
B000XXGMRO Good quality boot at this price point Pros:  Sharp lookingGood quality leatherI got em wicked cheapCon's: Double stitching (obviously at this price point you wouldn't expect higher grade stitching)Minimal tread (some reviewers have reported short tread life)
B000XXGMRO Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 6" Lace-Up Boot, Burnished Brown, 9.5 M US I like this item because its Timberland, lace up ankle supportive and has a lug type sole for additional traction versus the waved type sole. So far the Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 6&#34; Lace-Up Boot, Burnished Brown, 9.5 M US have performed as I wanted and expected to.
B000XXGMRO Looks good, not bad material I'm a size 10.5 wide so i bought a 10 WW. It fits quite well and it goes well with most pants. Really I have no complaints except the traction is pretty bad compared to even my tennis shoes.
B000XXGMRO Form, function and falling down in rain If you're looking to marry the idea of form and function, you've come to the right place. These boots are majestic.I grew up in a wild west of snow and outdoor activities and I loved my L.L. Beans. Having moved to Seattle where it's not as harsh, I wanted something to protect my feet from the cold and dampness of the constant rain. These boots are light enough to wear on a daily basis and took less than a week to mold to my foot. Of course they keep the forces of dampness at bay but the best part is that you feel like you're James Dean when you're wearing them. I've had no less than 5 friends ask me where I got these boots and how much they set me back.As a note, others have talked about fit and if you're unsure about it, you can always go into a Nordstrom's and try them out before you order them. You'll save a considerable amount of money by going through Amazon, but if you're like me and hate sending things back, take advantage of the excellent service at Nordstrom's.I gave this boot 4/5 stars because I noticed that the heel that came standard doesn't have the grip and hold that I expect from any sort of boot. I have a wooden deck that goes up to my door and when walking on it during the rain, I've noticed that the coefficient of friction that keeps me from falling on my butt is remarkably low. I expect that when I start seeing a need to replace the heel (as other reviewers have noted) this will all clear up, but I'm a little sad that I need to re-heel a boot to get better traction.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots, the shipping well... I love these boots, they fit great, keep your feet dry, very comfortable. Since I got them I can't take them off my feet!So the shipping... Well I bought these boots on a impulse with the intention of using them for my Halloween costume on Saturday night 10/26. I bought them on Friday, I paid for the upgraded shipping to have the item overnight to me... Well Saturday nights party came and when and I was Timberland Earthkeeperless.... The shoes ended up arriving that Monday 10/28. In the end I'm not devastated because they are awesome boots but Amazon guaranteed delivery by 8pm 10/26 and I paid for the upgraded shipping!
B000XXGMRO Just my style. I like em ALOT. Recommended for the hardworking man with a sense of style. Durable, dark and stylish. I recommend these shoes.
B000XXGMRO Suggestion to improve the delivery speed. Good shoes&#65281;But is a little big and there are some off colour.Wear comfortable and looks very cool.Thank you very much for the owner.
B000XXGMRO &#28418;&#20142;&#65292;&#30382;&#23376;&#36136;&#24863;&#22909;&#65281; &#20540;&#24471;&#25512;&#33616;&#65292;&#20080;&#30340;&#26159;2E&#30340;&#65281;These boots are supremely comfortable and waterproof (they also look fantastic). I have a number of pairs of these and wear them on a daily basis. The boots aren't insulated (which I like), but offer room for thicker socks when it gets cold.
B000XXGMRO This is how it goes. Timbos on the toes!  Sweet boot, first order was way too big. I'm a 10 foot and my feet swam in them. Returned no problem, got a 9.5 and boom! One two oh my god.!
B000XXGMRO Taupe is deceiving The taupe colored earth keepers are not that light, that actually quite dark. the little thing attached to the eyelet is actually bright orange. great construction on the boots the image just leads you to believe they are lighter. kind of a bummer, especially since the boots cost 25 more than the others
B000XXGMRO Tims &#62; DMs Feels very comfortable, just as bouncy as DMs and looks good with khakis and denims alike. New fave says the wife.
B000XXGMRO my partner absolutely loves it~ My partner has always just worn Timberland boots to work, always the same style, nothing new.  It took a bit of convincing for him to like this style and when it arrived within a week of ordering (international shipping!), he wore it to work straight away.  He loves it! apparently it's light and comfortable. I'm sure he will now own a few of this style instead!
B000XXGMRO Awesome product A bit larger in lenght than Costa Rica standards, width is true to size. Haven't used for more than casual walks in city and country side, but they feel amazingly comfortable. I am used to boots pulling down on your socks which becomes very uncomfortable after a while and this is not the case at all with Earthkeepers. Build feels rugged, though will need more time to really test their strenght.Only downside -in my particular case- is they are a bit warm for tropical weather.
B000XXGMRO On point Love the boots, wife picked them out as an early Christmas present, they look great and I don't see a lot of people wearing them and that makes me like them even more!
B000XXGMRO They're OK for the price. I didn't expect too much from these given the price. I can't afford a pair of redwings for every function though so I bought these for hiking and some mali desert boots for in town. They are light and look good, especially the burgundy laces. They run a size large and while i normally wear an 11.5 narrow I ordered a 10.5 and with some socks wish I had ordered a 10. However the stitching on the tongue tore after one hike and dirt and grass get inside of them from where the lacing flaps meet the toebox. Had the tongue been made wider this would not happen. Another thing is the two loops on the back aren't wide enough for a finger so they are of no use helping to put it on or take it off. The tread grips wood and rocks well.but seems to be wearing quickly. They look nice enough to wear with dark jeans and an oxford in town but not nice enough to wear with chinos.
B000XXGMRO Gift for my Brother It is EXTREMELY difficult finding shoes that fit my younger brother's large and wide feet (15EE). So often we have had to settle for what we find instead of what he really wants (or likes)--plus the cost is ALWAYS ridiculous! Thank goodness I thought to check Amazon before ordering from some other sites I visited online. Not only did they have color options, I was able to read tons of reviews! The look on my brother's face made me smile so hard! Thank you for gifting this 25 year old man with his first pair of boots EVER! :-)
B000XXGMRO Well made lightweight boots are super-comfortable Only wore it a few times but it's like wearing slippers in terms of comfort. They run a bit large, but if you wear them with thicker sox, they fit perfect. Has a nice tread, but it's made of soft material and think it may wear down quick, but we'll see.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Boot It is more than i expected. Used? Dont seem like. Excelent purchase. For some one who wants to be sure about timberland size, this boots 9.5m us are 28.3cms. They are a regular width.
B000XXGMRO Be aware of footsmart I don't know about the boots but do not get anything from this guys from footsmart s***ty service they don't care about time it seems that they do not even read the emails I wrote one asking for cancellation and the just answer me like sorry about the confusion the item will be delivery in the time frame really??? Screw them I am so ready to file froud with my bank whenever they charge me!!! I was very specific I don't want the boots anymore so I don't want any charges but it seems they don't care just the crapiest service ever had to bad amazon deal with this s***ty companies I liked amazon I don't know anymore
B000XXGMRO I like Timberland I wore them all my life A little wider in the toe than expected. I check and I ordered med like I wanted so I believe that's the make of the boot.
B000XXGMRO &#38750;&#24120;&#23436;&#32654; just perfect &#23545;&#20110;&#25105;&#30340;&#26469;&#35828;&#19981;&#22823;&#19981;&#23567;&#65292;&#20215;&#26684;&#21512;&#36866;&#65292;&#31185;&#25216;&#21547;&#37327;&#21313;&#36275;&#65292;&#30495;&#30340;&#24456;&#21916;&#27426;&#21834;,  fit my sizeand the price is reasonable so i am so happy to have it .i wll buy this brand again
B000XXGMRO Works ok for a hiking book it sure don't act like it. any little bit of sand or dirt your in you get it in your boots.
B000XXGMRO They really are that good!! Soft leather that caresses the foot like a favorite pair of boots you've been wearing for years.Even if Timberland had not made this commitment to Green manufacturing and packaging, I'd love these, but the highly ecologic production of this fine product endears them to me all the more.I have rarely experienced this much comfort in a boot like this, which accommodated my 4E/5E feet well: I did add my own orthotic foot bed to fine tune the fit. Now, I could wear these every day!
B000XXGMRO Not only do they look good but walking 30 miles in there was like walking in tennis shoes. The wifey got me these as an early xmas gift, I wore them to her xmas party and ended up drinking too much. I ended up dancing and doing stuff that I should've not done....long story short I ended up walking home, no joke it was about 20-25 miles. When you're drunk nothing phases you, well after i got home from my 7 hour trek (San Antonio) I noticed i had no blisters or hotspots on my feet...i love these boots, I wear them everytime i going to drink since i might be walking home all night....GET THEM!!!!!
B000XXGMRO Comfort and durability Great pair of boots. Not like regular Timb's where you cant move in them cuz the are like cement blocks these have the lightness and give to let you move if you have to.
B000XXGMRO 5 star boots even with the unwanted toe polish shine First off, I love timberland. They make good quality goods. I own a bi fold leather wallet as well as a belt that all match these shoes. They run a little small, as I am a 11 but the 10.5 fit me perfectly. Very very comfortable and style versital.The only con I have about them is the pictures show a non polished boot, the ones I received have a generic toe polish which I am going to remove. Other than that, they are perfect.
B000XXGMRO Poor quality adhesives and stitching I bought this product banking on the perceived quality that Timberland had in my eyes. I returned my first pair because they were too big, I'd recommend sizing down 1.5 sizes. I usually wear a 9 and the 7.5 fit me. My second pair arrived a week before a backpacking trip I was taking, so I wore them constantly that first week to break them in. That being said, these boots arrive very comfortable and any minimal breaking in I did was probably having the footbed conform to my feet a little. The second day in the backcountry I was pulling these boots on and the adhesive that holds the two halves of the tongue together ripped apart. Why isn't the tongue one piece of leather to begin with? Anyways, turns out all the stitching on the tongue of the boot is purely cosmetic and only adhesive holds it together. Had this happened in civilization I would have sent them back for a refund, but being in the backcountry for another 4 days I just threw some superglue between the pieces and mashed them back together. The glue held but had discolored the leather around that area and looks pretty bad. Overall I'm pretty displeased with Timberland, if these so-called "Earthkeepers" are actually environmentally friendly, why not stitch it together well and not use any chemical adhesives at all? Sorry Timberland, you're no longer getting my money.
B000XXGMRO Disapointed This was my first purchase of Timberland boots, and after 3 weeks of casual wear, I noticed that the rubber sole near the tip of the boot is separating.  I have submitted a complaint to the company and still waiting on a response, I will update my review after I get more information from their customer service.
B000XXGMRO Love them This boot is high quality, light and comfortable. After my first pair started suffering from wear from hiking and motorcycle-riding I got a new one. My main enthusiasm comes from the lightness which I particularly appreciate when hiking (which it isn't made for but works great), and the fact that I don't sweat in them. The only thing I would have wanted improved is the thickness of the sole. In order to improve this I got an insert-sole and now they're perfect.
B000XXGMRO Very Satifsied Great boots.  The Only problem is that you have to lace them all the way up to the top.  No quick lace tabs.
B000XXGMRO Sole Delaminating After 3 mos. Read through reviews and you'll see others with the same problem. Sole is delaminating at the toe. Won't buy these again.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot great hiker, used it for a urban hike through midtown manhattan on Christmas Eve, very pleased and will prob buy another pair
B000XXGMRO Great Boots! I've wanted these for about 4 years, and saw them on sale here.  They fit a little bigger, so I sized comfortably down to a 12D when I wear a 13 in running shoes.Great casual looking "work" boot.EDIT:  11/13/13Very deceptively, these boots are clearly stated to be "Full Grain" leather in the description, however mine say "Genuine Leather" inside them.  I'm writing to Timberland to get the real story on the construction of these.  What wonder some people have quality concerns...Minus 2 stars!
B000XXGMRO good good good &#26412;&#26469;&#25105;&#19981;&#24069;&#30340;&#65292;&#20294;&#26159;&#25105;&#31359;&#19978;&#20102;&#36825;&#21452;&#38795;&#65292;&#25105;&#30636;&#38388;&#23601;&#24069;&#20102;&#65292;&#21464;&#25104;&#39640;&#23500;&#24069;I did not handsome, but I put on these shoes, I instantly handsome,  become rich handsome.....Love itI wanna to buy more
B000XXGMRO it's Ok, some lacks nn the quality is not so good, has some flaws but not seriously . sole is slithery when contact water.
B000YD4KBS Comfortable and Lightweight The suede leather gently surrounds your feet as you walk. It's lightweight and comfortable. I bought two pairs of these in different colors. Definitely a great buy.
B000YDBG9C Love at First Sight Yes, it was, then i bought it and tried it on, what more could my feet ask for (a Pastor)
B000YDBIJU I means ist good like I Want Okey, I means ist good like I Want
B000YDBIJU FITS GREAT & LOOKS SHARP Have been buying and wearing timberland footwear for over 40 years and have never been disappointed. this is an exceptional sandel for fit comfort and looks.
B000YDBIJU Good shoe Timberland makes a great product in these Fisherman enclosed shoes. They run a bit large in length and width at the toe box. The neoprene lining around the heel area make it easy to put on without having to undo the Velcro strap. I wear them without socks. The bubbled bottom has great traction. I wear them year round. This is my second pair and I highly recommend them.
B000YDBIJU Most comfortable shoe I own !! These are the most comfortable shoes I own. Love them! (Guy below said hilghly recommend but only did 2 stars so I think that was in error).  Heal wear is quite good, as I tend to drag the outside heals.  Only part that didn't wear well was the 3 front to back strips on the underside ball of the foot area (see last pic of the sole, above).  Turns out they are hollow underneath these strips, which is what gives the step a sort of air-like feel as you walk.  Excellent step absorbsion, just doesn't last as well because when this wears, you loose some support under the ball and you can feel the gap.  This took probably 4-6 months (I'm guessing) of constant wear (constant cause they're so comfy) for this to happen. So I'm going to try filling those slots with a glue gun, and that may solve it.  I have these in black and the rest of the sandle looks almost new. The inside top edges around the heal & sides are a very soft leather type material (if not actual leather) and the top of the bridge (across the top of your foot) is a very soft leather (wonderful).  Insert in the bed is pleanty wide and quite flat (no lumps or weard waves) with a very slight arch which is very gradual & subtle.  Unlike many shoes the toe area is generous and doesn't turn up much (if at all) near the toe end (which causes the end of my longer 2nd toe to normally go numb).  In fact I normally have to get a 9M for the toe length, and was able to get a 8.5M in these.  Very cool and breathable in the Arizona heat, w/ or w/o socks.  I have almost no padding on the bottom of my feet (Ectomorph) and believe me I've tried um all, these are the best for comfort as I've described above.  Also no rubbing around the edges, heal, etc.My pair is black I've been able to wear them for semi-casual dress, feeling like I was in my slippers, (reminiscent of those dreams where you forgot to dress,..LOL) I paid about a hundred, so these prices above are the best I've seen, & I'll probably get another if the glue gun trick works on my existing pair. ... Almost forgot,.. the velcro adjustment along with the elastic (under the leather that goes over the top of the foot, allows you to get the perfect slipper fit, w/o actually falling off your foot.  If you don't wear them every day, all day long, the wear I mentioned above likely won't be a problem.  Happy trails! (or mall walking, or whatever :-) T.Eaton
B000YDEJKK Poor fit - too small I would have liked this sandal, except it just does not fit.  The base of the shoe is great and comfortable - this correctly fits my size 9 foot.  However, the leather upper is slightly too small for my instep making the shoe somewhat too snug.But all of this would be OK, if the strap worked.  With the strap at it's "normal" position (the male and female velcro matched up), the strap is 2 inches too short to reach around my foot.  If you align the velcro to it's longest setting and pull it out without a foot inside the shoe - it still comes 1/2 inch short of the rear end of the footbed.  This strap is just too short, unless you buy a pair that is 1.5 to 2 sizes too big and want to swim in the footbed.  Perhaps it would work better for feet with a lower instep.Quality construction - I liked the oiled leather, but the metal buckle was somewhat flimsy.  Also, the velcro does not match the leather, and shows if you adjust the strap longer.
B000YDHHRW Comfort-able I have purchased three pairs of this shoe for my "bestie" in the past four years, and he swears they are the best in comfort and ability!  These shoes are well made, offer comfort and cushion to the entire foot with gentle cradling support.  They were being used for everyday wear, and look great for dress or casual wear.  The suede version is particularly functional in appeal, although the kid leather is nice too.  It's rare that they can even be found online anymore, so I'll seek out a similar shoe from another brand or source.
B000YDM150 TIMBERLAND WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY! ITS GOOD & FOR THE PRICE, I CANT SAY NO.
B000YDMQS2 Where's My Office? My office is now the woods (or anywhere where there are open fields, streams, trees and no sign of structured humanity (OK that may sound a bit extreme but I hope you get my point - smile)These sandals allow me to think of other things other than the equipment on my feet.
B000YDO41O So Comfortable & High Quality I have a permanent foot injury and wear these everywhere.Fantastic.Only whine is Made in ChinaDavid
B000YDSZMS Looks really great Shoes are really good looking when I wore them first time I was amazed. The only thing I worried is its bottom. This will give a very different look.
B000YDWLZ0 Imperfect on Arrival Ordered from Macy's.. on arrival there were moderate smudges and discolorations. I got it cheap so I am going against my principles and keeping them.. but beware.
B000YDWYX4 great one These shoes are great, light and somehow comfortable except in the top surface area of the foot (the beginning of the bootstrap from the fingers side) where it heart a little, other than that it is a very good one.
B000YSSC62 Excellent but they run large These shoes are so comfortable and soft. I would caution you that they easily run a half size large, but other than that they are fantastic. I expect they will be by staple shoe this summer!Update: I would recommend that the first time you wear these out of the house for a long walk you put a bandage on your heel for protection. I made the mistake of wearing them for the first time on a long walk and it gave me blisters. Despite that, I still love em and they've broken in nicely now!
B000YSSC62 Very Preppy These are my second pair...never failed, I had to "break" these in also.  I would advise that you wear stocking footies and a bandaid on the back of your feet, they do rub.  Hint: saturate a newspaper with water and place inside the shoes in the back---helps ease the tension and softens the leather so it's not as painful during the "break in" stage, while they are sitting in your closet.Once you pass the initial stage, they are comfortable.  Enjoy.
B000YSWCL8 Baldaci shoe Runs 1/2 size large. Like walking on a cloud, great for long days of walking. I love these.
B000YT182G Looks cute, wears tight The top of this shoe barely extends to the base of my toes and rubs with every step.  It also manages to rub my heel.  The leather is very soft and may stretch over time, but it will clearly take a lot of time.
B000YT4AGW COMFORTABLE RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX! Wow! Another comfortable Timberland Sandal. I am continually impressed with not only the quality of Timberland shoes, but the comfort and style. I love these sandals and wore them for hours right out of the box. No break in period required on these. The heel height is just perfect and the leather is soft against your feet.  Price was wonderful--Just $20 with free shipping through Amazon's end of summer clearance sale.  If you have been reluctant to pay full price for Timberland shoes, wait no longer. They are worth every penny (especially when on sale)!
B000YT4AGW comfy and dressy I bought these shoes because I am a bridesmaid in a wedding. Needless to say when I walked in for the fitting carrying a Timberland box some eyebrows were raised. Everyone was very suprised how dressy they were and they are very comfortable
B000YT7TLK Classy, practical boot I've been looking for a boot like this for years. It can be worn with mini skirts, jeans, shorts - very versatile and comfortable. I prefer a mini with nude fishnet stockings. Really cute and gives a nice slender shape to your leg. I like anything Timberland puts out. May run big as I needed a 1/2 size smaller.
B000YTD1HG Front too long Looks good on picture, but really long in the front and destroy the whole shape.
B000YTD1HG Great Slides Great slides to kick around in. I live in Miami and wear sandals constantly and these slides are comfy and durable and very true to size.
B000ZHGZOI Great Conversation Piece Really comfortable boots that have the added advantage of glowing in the dark.I've had so many people come up to me & say "Wow man where did you get those crazy boots from"I'm not sure if they are still available but they are certainly eye catching.
B0010L9KDQ pink timberlands I always wanted these shoes.  However, when I got them, they were too bulky for my liking, and way too heavy! But I guess that was my error, what was I expecting with Timberlands, anything less?
B00110CR1S Active Boys Must Item! Under this severe winter weather, this shoes are great addition for our 2 active boys (7 & 10 years old)! It is great for rainy and snowy days. Easy for maintenance everyday. We love the sturdy surface and sole. It won't be worn out easily by our active boys even though they wear this a lot. We are happy about the quality and appearance as well.
B00110CR1S Comfortable and Easy I bought these for my daughter's school science camp.After a week in mud and in the woods, they still look brand new. No staining or dents, anywhere.She told me her feet never got any hint of moisture in the boots.The laces are very smooth to tighten or loosen and work with.Overall, money well spent.
B00110CR1S Timberland Boot Got these for my son because I was sick of the yearly Timberland "workboot" every winter.. I wanted to find something different, and I found these. Amazon shipped super fast-thank you Prime, and my kid says theyre as comfy as his Air Max. Giggity
B00110CR1S Hardy, stiff shoes Good traction and waterproof. Would be nice if the shoe tie loops can be non-metal to make it easier to clear past some international airports.
B0013KJLU6 Clean easily & Durable Very easy to clean and nice and durable. I bought these for our 2 1/2 year old boy who is VERY active trying to keep up with his big brother. We live next to a low marsh so their play shoes get stinky, sandy and dirty. These cleaned up great and you could not even tell they had been marsh scummed. I used a little toothpaste and an old toothbrush and the yellow stayed nice and bright and the cloth straps did, too. Great buy for the money.
B0013KKZBK 50 year old mom These sneakers are perfect for a toddler.  They have great tread for a child who is learning to walk.  They seem to be made of nice materials, and light weight enough for summer.  Great purchase!!
B0014EE3N6 very disappointed buy 5.5  big boy and 5.5 little boy sent, the system changes the size required to process the purchase. very disappointed
B0014EE3PE Lets go build something These boots besides looking great made me want to go hiking or build a shed.Felt very earthy and practical
B0014EE3PE First to review. I wanted to make sure I wrote a review for this item because I was unsure about purchasing them since I did'nt see any. These are good shoes, they look pretty authentic, I would recommand that you order them a size smaller because they do fit my feet kind of big but great prouduc, I would purchase from this store again.
B00166LFOM Great face, great band I'm enjoying this watch, the face is very attractive and the band is of very solid design, not too big on my wrist. The red threading catches the eye. I'm rough on my watches and there are no scratches yet 3 months in. I haven't used the stopwatch feature, haven't had an opportunity, might be handy with a steak on a high heat bbq, won't be using it to pace my jogs. 5/5 love the watch, good value for money.
B0016JCQ4C Timberland toddler Oxford My grandson loves these shoes, the first day he got them he had to go to sleep before we could take them of off him.
B0016JCRHS Timerlands for back to school - well made and great price! Thinking ahead for BTS already. I got these at a great price, and with free shipping. They are well made like all Timbs. Very happy.
B0016ZP5TO Shoes need soles I bought a pair of these slip-ons back in July, 2009 and the soles began coming unglued after only a few days' wear. I first noticed there was a problem while walking across carpeting and something seemed to 'catch' with every other step. When I had a chance to inspect the soles I saw that they were of the cheap, glued-on type; NOT sewn on from a one-piece unit. I gave more than $90 for these China-made wonders. . . you'll never catch me going back to Timberland again for my foot wear. Shame on you, Amazon, for marketing this high-priced junk! From now on, when it comes to shoes, it's Wallyworld for me.
B001701ZA6 Super cool looking, insanely comfortable. Much lighter than pic, though. Awesome deal on great boots.  I hadn't considered Timberlands for a long time but they're making some crazy cool stuff at great prices these days, so I bit on these at a sweet price.  I love em.  They start out a bit snug, thankfully, since they pack out and stretch a little over time.  Now they're perfect.  I have a true sz 9 regular width foot, and that size of the Chelsea is ideal.  I just wish the photo was a little more accurate.  They're far lighter than the photo.  I imagine they'll darken with the first conditioning treatment I put on them.  Great buy.
B0017023J8 Not happy These are very sharp looking boots, the sole however came off in pieces like a very weak glue had been used to assemble them.
B001702BE0 Loved them until I tried them on. I loved the looks of these and I generally buy Timberland or Columbia.  When I put these on I instantly noticed a "lump" in the sole near the heal of one of them.  I walked around on these in the house, thinking it had to be my imagination but it wasn't.  Maybe it was just this pair, but I returned these to Amazon for a full refund.
B001704YR2 well constructed comfortable oxfords for everyday wear I have a couple pairs of timberlands and am once again happy with these. Overall pretty comfy for an oxford, although the heels could have been a bit more cushioned. Also the leather scuffs a bit easilly but I don't mind the effect too much. Great treads, would make a nice shoe for hiking as well as everyday urban life. They seal the deal with the typical cool Timberland shoelaces, with brown included as well if you like a more conservative look.
B001704YR2 Exceed Expectations Very comfortable.They fit well and are so light weight they're comparable to a sneaker. Timberland's Anti-Fatigue insoles are essential for those who must walk / stand for long periods. The appearance is rugged while still being stylish enough for casual display. I will readily buy these again. After an extensive search for a leather shoe that doesn't bother my feet, I've finally found the one.
B001704YR2 Good semi smart casual shoe. Comes with red and plain laces, fits well and looks stylish with Jeans and a Sports Coat. A little quirky but neat.
B001707XTI Now THIS is my idea of a hiking boot! Oh my gosh! My husband thought I was kidding until he saw how awesome they really look on. Definitely my favorite pair of shoes. I love them so much I have to get the other color. Easily the perfect mix of sexy and, dare I say "practical". Seriously they are amazingly comfortable -- I think the heel is placed perfectly because they're easy to walk in. They're tough enough that I'm not concerned at all about ruining them in the soggy Seattle winter. I'd wear them with jeans every single day if I could but hubby says he'd loved to see them with a skirt!!
B001709TKE Already Entered This is the second time I am reviewing this item... nothing has changed.  The item was shipped in okay timing... this shoe is not Timberland as Timerland shoes are lable with the tag of (Timberland).  However I will purchase from these people again... thanks
B00170C3ZC Great Boots Love my boots. I have been looking for something different and finally got them. You can wear them fold or unfold. Sole keeps you out from the freeze floor. Look nice with skirts or thight jeans. And thank you guys at Amazon they arrived really fast!!
B00170C4YM A Daily Slip-On I enjoy this shoe a lot.  It's a high-quality construction with a suede upper, roomy inside and a comfy cork-like base.  It goes well with jeans, or casual pants.  True to size.
B001760K56 Disappointed with Quality I'd only had these boots for a week when the zipper split; then it split twice again within the next week or so. It looks like the fabric that the zipper is attached to wasn't sewn properly.  They are nice-looking boots but I wish I hadn't ordered them online as returning them will be a hassle.
B001760K56 These made an average 8 look BIG! The area that leads into the shaft of the boot narrowed greatly therefore making the main foot part look huge. These were a bit of a disappointment. Sent them back because first area mentioned area was too tight.
B001760K56 My wife loves them Got these for my wife as a B-day gift. She has very athletic legs and her calves make her proper-fitting boot-finding excursions quite frustrating. Read a review on these from a woman who described her similar sounding woes of finding boots and took a gamble that really paid off. My wife says that they are very comfortable and good quality, too.
B001760K56 Very slim fitting I usually wear a 5.5US women's and I ordered a 6.5US so that I could put insoles into it, but was too slim for my foot. Order 2 sizes larger!
B001760K56 Stylish but yet funky These boot are the business for real.  They look so cute with short jean dresses.  I gave it a four star, instead of a five star because it has a loose fit around the ankles.  It doesn't hug my ankles like it hugs by calfs.  But other than that--I love it--had alot of compliments.
B001760K56 weird proportions The boots looked nice upon opening the box, but when I put them on something seemed weird.  They fit me okay on the inside, but from the outside the foot part looked about 2 sizes bigger than any other pair of shoes I own.  They made me look like I had clown feet, or like Sideshow Bob on the simpsons.  I returned them and got a much more expensive pair that have normal proportions.
B001760K56 Beautiful bood ... but I regret getting boots with a higher heel than I normally would wear, which is entirely my fault.
B001760K56 Unfortunately, returning I loved these boots as soon as I tried them on. I only wore them out once though, the second time I went to wear them out I noticed the stitching on the outer layer in the back of the boot was coming undone. I am sending them back.
B001760K56 very disappointed and not what I expected Looks long in the front again and it's tight, wasn't what I expected at all. I Won't be ordering this
B001760K56 Seem to be good quality product but didn't fit me well The boots seem well-made and are attractive for what they are (i.e., utilitarian versus dress boots). I had a problem with the fit as I have a high instep: lots of room in the toe and heel, but very tight at the instep. Other reviews suggested they would 'mold' to your feet over time. I chose not to risk it ans am returning them. Too bad. They were otherwise very nice.
B001760K56 They run LONG. No problem with calf fit, but I'm small. Ordered a 6 on a smokin' deal on Ebay. They just were not comfortable being too long for me. Wore them 2 or 3 times and just sold them on Ebay. I advertised them as being a 6, but fitting more like a 6.5 and provided measurements. Made me leery of the brand because of the size issue. Quality of leather is okay.
B001760K56 Lexiss are great Timberland makes good stuff, and this is my second pair; the first pair was black, also 11W. The black might've been a little wider, as the Dark Brown felt a little tight in one foot initially, but that's worn off.I love wearing them. They're tough, confident, have swagger but they're also soft. The brown are somewhat suede-ish. I get compliments on them, and a couple of people I know asked to feel them; one was a guy who asked after he started touching them. Which isn't as creepy as it sounds, as I know him for two years and we were in a green room changing clothes, putting on makeup, etc. for aperformance and his nose was an inch or two away from them. He was cute and did it in a nice way.So if you want people praising your footware and wanting to touch them, or notice you are wearing them, or wanting them, or if you just want some kick-ass boots, these are good; Black more kick-ass, brown softer, more approachable.
B001760K56 YUCK Ugly. Ugly. Ugly. These do NOT fit "true to size." With ANY QUALITY boot, I order 8.5 M. I ordered same with this and my toes might as well have been in a different zip code! Total clodhoppers. I showed friends and they LAUGHED at them right along with me. They are going BACK!!
B001760OQQ Cool steampunkesque!!! I was wanting this boot for a looong time. I almost bought it from Amazon but instead noticed that a great shoestore right down the street from me had a big boot sale-went in and found them for $75-yep-that's right..only $75!!!  I got the size 9 in SMOOTH BLACK-they felt a little snug at first but since they are leather so stretched a lot right away.  I wear them all the time instead of my Uggs-I have the classic cardy in black, which you can't really wear on cruddy streets of Chicago.  I ride my bike around town alot , so these boots were a great choice and work for my lifestyle!!
B001760OQQ soft as butter... ok, the leather is among the softest i have ever felt. they are sturdy enough for things like hiking motorcycle riding, 4 wheeling etc...when i first put them on they were snug, but they streatched out to fit my feet right away. i always purchase a half size larger than i need because i like the toe room, i tend to stub toes and things like that. i wanted them more for winter, but i can see myself using them in the summer for the above mentioned hobbies. the first time i put them on i was able to go for a 5 mile hike, no break in period to be comfortable unlike others i have had over the years. they are a bit expensive on here, the shoe store i like in my city had them for half the price, but i recieved the ones from amazon as the ultimate christmas gift. i would have to say spend the money on these. they are worth it.
B001760OQQ Well made and enjoyable Despite being a bit narrow for my semi-wide foot and the slight change they cause in my gait, they are stylish and very comfortable.  I should have gotten them in a larger size.  My recommendation is that you go with the larger of the sizes you usually buy, like 7 1/2 instead of 7.  The boots themselves are very pretty and soft and well made.  I like them - good product and good price.  I searched all over for a long time (in person in many stores and all over online) for a taller dressy black boot and am glad I found these!  Also, be sure to price check before you order.  They were twice as much at Zappos vs. here at Amazon...quite a difference! It's worth the wait in shipping to order here.  And even that wasn't so long of a wait.
B001764P20 Take advantage of this pricing I got these for my wife for Christmas and she loves them . I gave them a good look over and they  really are quality built ...100 percent waterproof, shearling lined with an awesome tread for ice and flawlessly stitched . She said the fit was true to size and fit like a glove . Everywhere I look online they are priced for 120.00 dollars and I picked them up from amazon for 59.00 with freeshipping . That is an absolute steal for what you get and I do not understand if people are not taking advantage of this pricing because I don't think it can last. I have seen the women's boots for 55.00-75.00 dollar range around town when I was shopping for her and they can't compete with this quality . Definitely recommended .
B001764P20 Timberland women woodbury The shoes keeps your foot warm, however I have taken too many falls. I don't think the anti slid or the grips are working as they should. Only good for warmth.
B001766LJA gore-tex timberland sneaker These are well made and a great deal for $20- mom loved them for work shoes.
B0017685EY Great purchase!! The boots are not security steel toe,, but look like that, are very soft and low weith. my wife love itLas recomiendo 100%, bonitas, ligeras y muy comodas, mi esposa las ha disfrutadoJe recommend 100%, tre belle design, ma femme aime beaucoup.
B0017T2MS6 Instant Halloween Costume Just Add Black Tape This is a very well made shirt. The cotton is thick and extremely soft. I almost feel guilty for putting a silly jack o' lantern face on it with electrical tape. For the extremely low price I paid it becomes the perfect Halloween costume for Scrooge or a male teenager with angst, who feels completely humiliated by his family's "togetherness". I'm sorry but embarrassing myself and those with me just comes natural.One of the reasons I am so coordinated was because of all the kids who would trip me in the hall. Now look at mom's game.I broke 300 on ski-ball last week, while you kids were at school. Come on son, how about shooting some hoops with old mom?  ok,sweet! You're turn for shirts, you can wear this durable, orange Timberland t-shirt.It's a classic fit that commands respect.Strangers on the street will nod and say that guy is going to be assistant manager somewhere, someday. I'm sorry, here I go again.I didn't realize the emotions a well-made, premium, Timberland t-shirt could produce. Let's go half court. Ok now, you're shirts and I'm skins. Let me grab my sweatbands.You don't want mom's sweat and juices all over you.Girls have cooties. Right?
B0017T6SGS Best buy so far I bought this item recently and was pleased with the outcome.The quality is great and the size fitted perfectly.The only drawback is its shallow pockets.
B001885H2Y Sturdy shoe, but too narrow for my child Love the grips on the sole and  the easy closure.  However, my child complains that they are too tight across the instep (where it can't be adjusted).  His feet aren't really wide, but he does go barefoot constantly, so maybe just doesn't like the constriction.
B001886UKM Nice soles, but they fall off I like the soles of these shoes, but they don't stay on my son's feet. They would be improved with stronger straps that fastened tighter and did a better job staying fastened.
B0019IRLSG Very nice, very comfortable I could live in this thing: very comfortable.  The zipper takes a little getting used to, line the two up and zip up! Very well made and handsome!
B0019IRLSG cool lookin' n heavy weight? hoodie Well to start I purchased 1 size bigger than mine(thinking it'd be like smaller or so, well for reference I'm 5,11" tall and weight 194lb) and I look like a rapper or something alike while wearing it, but even so it looks cool, it's pretty heavy eventhough it's like 3 pounds you feel as if you were carrying more weight... but that's because of the materials used which keeps your body heat in not so cold weather, mine was "black watch" color wich under the sunlight seems dark green(idk if that's what the watch part of name means)In conclusion I'd buy another one
B0019IRVAE not very long Cool pants, sitting on a good figure, but the length of the legs is not suitable for tall men. length is designed for average growth. This is the only disappointment, everything else very well.
B0019IRVTU just the way I like em Loose and baggy with nice style, the favorite pair of pants in my closet and I have pants in there I spent $60 on, these under $20
B0019IT79C Make A Statement This T-shirt is well made, a good weight cotton, and the silk-screen shows its value. Make a statement and know that you can wear it month after month because it is not a cheesy cheap T that can withstand the wash/dry cycles.
B0019ITN6E Well made nice looking jeans for the price. I purchased these hoping that the length would be okay, since there is no length mentioned in the description. I ordered a 36" waist & my Dad ordered a 32" waist & they were both 32" length, which was the length I wear. My Dad's were a little long, but they did shrink some in both length & waist.  These jeans work well for slim to average, but unfortunately were a little too small in the legs for me, so I returned them & ordered the relaxed fit instead, but my Dad's fit okay after washing. They are nice looking jeans--I especially like the look of the leather details--not a bad price either for a $55 pr. of jeans.
B0019QWG92 Amazon said size does not fit the Timberland I like this model. But please check the measurements and Timberland Amazon. They do not match! And not very comfortable shoes.
B0019QZCT8 my 8 yr. old loves it! My daughter chose this product from a wide variety of boots we viewed. I am very happy with it and so is my daughter; her teacher loves it too.  Its very reliable, fashionable and great for kids who love to play with snow! Its Timberland after all! Delivery was very quick considering it was free shipping!
B001AQU6MK is niiiiiiiiiiice As most of Timberland shoes, these are great, true to size. Ideal for mild winters. The only reason I gave them 4 stars, is because they are very slippery, once you step on a fraction of an ice you start sliding all over the place
B001AQU9S6 Great Quality Brand Name The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand.  The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear  (dirt scuffs, sand, etc.) which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one.  The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me. Be careful when you go with white. Stains only come off if you clean them right away. Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off. The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others.
B001AQU9S6 Timberland Men's Euro Hiker Boot,Grey/Grey,9.5 M US Timberland Men's Euro Hiker Boot, Grey/Grey,9.5 M US  great boots for work or very day life very comfortable, worm and soft inside great boots for fare value.
B001AQU9S6 Leaves to desire ! You would expect a name like timberland to have reached a certain level of expertise to be able to build a $ 100.+ shoe that can compromise between comfort and toughness... ,but it doesn't .
B001AQY2LG Christmas Present to myself and my kids - Timberland Men's Kinds Bay Chukka with Gore-Tek Timberland has a good reputation. I own a few clothing articles with their tags. All were made overseas. These boots are no different. They are made in the People's Republic of China (PRC). It doesn't matter where they are made (with the exception of the issue of Balance of Trade).Anyway, they fit very comfortably, very handsome, light (in comparison to the Clarks Men's Roar Boots that I also purchased), and, most important of all, they are lined with Gore-tek. This is especially important given that the weather in the Chicagoland area Winter is severe with very heavy snow, sleet, freezing rain, and temperature going in the low single digit. My feet are warm. That is a huge plus for people with poor circulation in the lower extremities. Diabetics like me should really consider these boots.
B001AV2TRA Very comfortable I have never went wrong with Timberlands.  They are super comfortable, and they come in large sizes.  I needed 3 more words.
B001B7FP60 Didn't like the style... On the picture it looks fine but when you put it on it looks super bulky and looks like astronaut boots..... So yea but at your own risk
B001B7FP60 Meh 1 of few 5 star reviews I've given nothing went wrong with any of the deal I got the shoe on time,it looks great and its comfortable feels like I'm walking on a sheeps ass lol
B001C34OHY The new fashion. These timberlands are very fashionable,but stay in the timberland tradition of being waterproof as well as "urban tough". They also have a firm secure fit. Worth the price. I also take this time to thank"Amazon" for seeking out incredible quality at affordable prices in this economy.
B001C4CIP8 I HAVE FOUND THE ULTIMATE F**CKING BOOTS!!! I WOULD WALK BAREFOOT BEFORE I WORE ANY OTHER BOOTS!  I HAVE BEEN A MACHINE GUNNER IN THE MARINE CORP., I HAVE LOGGED THE SIERRAS AND CASCADES, I HAVE WORKED IN STEELMILLS AND SAWMILLS AND CRABFISHED THE BERRING SEA.  ALOT OF BOOTS IN MY LIFE.  THIS BOOT IS SECOND TO NONE.
B001C4CIP8 wish they fit the met guard was curved too narrow for my foot and became painfull however i have very wide flat as a pancake feet too bad cause they looked to be tough as nails if this boot came without the met guard i would purchase it again
B001C4CIP8 Very big boot! almost frankinstinish  very good foot protection, and keeps feet dry good wicking power with the gore tex,just wished they would last longer (2years) a little on the heavy side but the protection outweighs all else.
B001C4CIP8 Great boot Correct fitment, accurate size, fast delivery, no problems. I don't usually write reviews, but this is the best boot I have ever owned. If you're worried about how much they weigh, I'm sure Timberland makes some ladies boots in your size, maybe they will go with your purse. This is a man's boot. For real men, with real jobs. My neighbor locked himself out of his house yesterday, one well placed kick to the lock and his house fell down. I accidentally stepped on a hipsters foot as I was walking past a coffee shop, and he died 3 days later from complications. They are very warm. Regular socks in single digit temps, no problem. Good traction in every condition I've been in, I have a slippery shower, and instead of sliding around, I just wear my boots when I shower. Oh, buy them. Don't muck about. Yeah.
B001CKY0RG Durable, fit well . . . I own two pair of these and am impressed with the overall quality. These cargoes are comfortable and well-constructed -- highly recommended.
B001CKY0RG Buttons should stay on for more than 10 washings I like the pants but the buttons are coming off after only a few washings. Durability is key and these pants don't hold up in the button department.
B001CTGAK2 Iinfant Timberland Booties TIMBERLAND INFANT FIELD CRIB BLACK BOOTIE INFANT SHOESThe shoes are perfect.  They have great ankle support, plus a great sole.  I love the fact that the boots don't have shoe strings to lace.  The Velcro closer is firm, but still has the look of real shoe strings.  It's a real time saver.
B001E038FY good aerobic workout shoe Others in my Jazzercise class had them and raved about them so I chucked my ancient sneakers and bought the Nike Shox Electo. Although I'm not too wild about the color (it was the only one available in my size) the fit is good, with good foot support and works well for the wide variety of moves that this intense aerobic workout requires.
B001E4AHR2 Good looking and comfortable boots There is nothing not to like about these boots.  They are true to size, comfortable, very good looking and not bulky at all.Honestly, I thought I am out of luck with Timberland brand, after I tried 3 other styles:Rugged Chukka (too bulky), Euro Hiker (really thick tongue) and 6'' Timberland Earth keepers too narrow and leather is way to thin.  I decided to give a try to Timberland Skhigh Rock Hiker and was very pleasantly surprised.  I am happy with these shoes and would gladly recommend them.
B001EBA784 Watch your footing! The tread on these boots is not aggressive at all, and the first time I tried them, which was on packed snow, I gave up and pulled on cleats a minute in. How disappointing! Timberland, please: Endurance comfort, aggressive tread, lace loop on the tongue, and waterproofing, all in one boot.
B001EBA784 very comfortable When i first receive theses boots, i fought nothing special. As days go by,i realized that they were VERY comfortable. It is surprising for a working boot
B001EBA784 dissapointing all round really I purchased these boots about 3 weeks ago. I have been quite dissapointed with the durability comfort and fit. I tried to send them back through the 30 day comfort guarantee. .. I got in contact with timberland US.. they redirected me to their Australian represantives and I have had ZERO response!! Not very happy and timberland has just list a once happy customer $100+ down the drain....
B001EBA784 comfortable I have only had them for a week, I can at least say that they are very comfortable. I am in demolition so we will see how long they last. So far so good
B001EBJU82 Timberland PRO &#1052;&#1091;&#1078;&#1089;&#1082;&#1072;&#1103; 53522 Boots are good, but the quality is not high, only time will tell what it represents Timberland. touch light weight and unusually light.
B001EBJU82 boots good shipping bad These boots are the best I've found so far. Only thing I had a problem with was the shipping it was a day late and when I tracked it was in my hometown and the got sent 70 miles away and then back to my home town... not sure what happened there but either way it was a day late.
B001EBJU82 OMGosh!!!! I've worn wellingtons my whole working life. I've worked on offshore drilling rigs, welder @ shipyards, & in the roadside assistance field. Let me tell you something....these boots are the best I've worn, & I've worn all the big names!!! They were comfortable right out the box!!! I just wish these were out during my offshore days. I'll update on the durability!
B001EBJU82 very comfy but these boots are very comfy and supportive. my only gripe is at the top of the boot where your foot slips in it irritates the skin on my leg from it rubbing back and forth as I'm walking. i remedied this with taller socks. after about a month the material broke in enough to where it no longer irritates my leg.
B001EP19V4 Kind of disappointed. I am kind of disappointed because the outer leather is rather stiff and stinky. Meanwhile, the leather sole is not properly glued either.
B001EWFEOK Buy the Timberland Chocurua Instead I bought the Plymouth boots as a replacement of my Chocurua model that finally wore out after two years of hard use, and was unpleasently surprised at the poor quality of the Plymouth boots.  The hooks and laces are poor quality and the offset hook design feels like it needs another hook to properly support my ankle.Do yourself a favor and buy the Timberland Chocurua for the same price.
B001EWFF30 Terrific fit but... Right out of the box these boots fit perfectly.  A five mile hike on day one produced no blisters or soreness.  After three weeks of almost daily wear, I'm lacing up my boots and the small lacing hook popped off.  Clearly a manufacturer's defect. Because they fit so well, I'm returning them today for a replacement pair and am hoping this doesn't happen again.
B001EWFF30 the shoes make weird noises when I got them and just started to walk with them they made wierds noises and Ithought its just because they're new.the time passed and the noises stays.. I cant walk with them because of those noises.. a big disappointment :\
B001EWFF30 Timberland Flume Review This boot is aesthetically well balanced both in design and fit. A lightweight hiker well suited for the trail or as in my case, daily three mile gravel road power walks. I can't speak to its durability for having only several weeks of use but this boot appears to be well constructed from quality materials. My ONLY issue is origin of manufacture. I implore Timberland to bring this product to America where US workers can prosper from its success in a collective effort to restore our once great manufacturing economy. I would suggest accessorizing your Flume boots with a can of Kiwi boot protector and a pair of Dr Scholls gel inserts for the ultimate trek.
B001EWFF30 Tiberland 18128 There good boots, i would tell my friends tobut these boots...Eddie H  LES
B001EWFF30 4 stars i think is a great produt to do outdoor activitys , y really like it i just expect last a good time. i recomend this produt to all those people who wanna do outdoor activitys .it has resistant material.
B001EWFF30 Excellent value for the $$ These shoes fit very nicely and are very sturdy. The only thing i'm wondering about is the length of the laces. i removed one and measured it at 49.5". Are they 45" laces that stretched after i'd tied them? I dunno.Also, i have high arches and therefore i under pronate quite a bit, these shoes are neutral and help correct that orthopedic imbalance in my gate.
B001EWFF30 Timberland Men's 18128 Flume Boots. The Timberland Men's 18128 Flume Boots arrived on time and was as perscribed. Very fast delievery and was very well made, and I'm really happy with the lightweight designed. Grade A+ Transaction.
B001EWFF30 Got it at a good price I just bought this boot on sale at the Desert Premium Outlets in Cabazon, CA this Labory Day weekend.  My review is based on the price, looks and reputation of the brand; that's why I only gave it a four star for now.  Fitting and test walk feels great and they also look good for casual wear.  I will update this review after I go hiking in a couple of weeks.  I'm anxious to get the feel of this boot in SoCal desert conditions.
B001EWFF30 would buy again Very cofortable right out of the box normal breake in time but good boot for the money would buy again
B001EWFF30 Very Good, not Outstanding Bought these to visit Chicagoland in the current hideous weather. These have 'Vibram'-like soles for traction in snow. Not as hard as real Vibram. Overall boot is very light.  ???  No obvious manufacturing flaws. Fit beautifully right out of the box with medium socks, as hoped for. I had carefully read reviews and figured these boots ran small. Correct. I usually wear an 11 or 11 1/2 D. Bought 12 Ws. Don't figure they'll wear as well as the Italian and French trail and mountain boots I've bought over the years, but you can hope only to get what you pay for. I'm satisfied with these. For Chicago wear.  :)
B001EWFF30 Timberland in da war zone!! We are working on a dusty,sandy and shaddy area. The shoes had made my work,simple and enjoyable. I love the comfort,and actual the prize iz not worth da shoe.Lol Should have been more,but at the end. I love me some Timb's boots. :-)
B001EWFF30 Timberland These boots hold up to the Timberland name. My only negative is that the tongue is sloppy. A little short for the laces to hold down properly. Everything else is A+.
B001EWFF30 Expected better These shoes are so hard inside.  I have to buy gel insoles in order to wear.  For the price I expected better.  Will not buy anymore Tim's.
B001EWFF30 To complete my wish I always wanted to buy a pair of timberland,you know &#8220;timberland&#8221; we call &#36386;&#19981;&#28866;&#65292;chinese meaning is always Kick not bad,thus we recognized for his firmness.when i receipt it,perfect side and warm inside,put on it to walk feel as if on wings,,i found i will always love it ,
B001EWFF30 Satisfaction From hiking in terms of this section are satisfied on functionality, but also less work overall satisfied with the shopping, it is recommended to buy!
B001FA12RO me no likey.. The sole separated from leather of the boot. My beautiful boots are now worthless. Plain and simple..
B001FA1CZ6 issues I bought these in brown. They look fine but are VERY tight and very uncomfortable. I wear a 44/10.5 D/medium, often can buy 10's but very rarely 11's. They are long enough, but the shoe is TIGHT. If they were 11's they might fit, but would then be too long. I will keep them, soak 'em in water and put a stretcher in them. But I would't buy them again.
B001FA1IGY thumbs up great quality boat-shoe at a fraction of the cost of leading brands like Sperry etc. definitely recommend to interested buyers
B001FA1IGY Poor fit I violated an internal rule about ordering shoes online. Ordered my size and when they came I couldn't fit my big toe therein. Returned and got my money back with no problem.
B001FA1IGY Extremely comfortable. After years of wearing Sebago boat shoes, I got tired of having them repaired because the thread broke.  These look much sturdier and are very light.
B001FA1IGY Classic Beauty Nice as expected.Standard (high) Timberland quality for leather and making.Classic grade (high) of design.Just love them!
B001FA1IGY Quality poorer than expected I am very disappointed with these.  There is a flimsy piece of thin "cloth" that is inside (with the name sewed on it) and is has already started to lift (roll up) each time I remove it.  It is obviously cheaply glued in.  I will be returning these.
B001FA1IGY Regret and Regret ! I regret after I bought it. I read on the review that insole is a problem for this show and still I ordered it. The insole came out immediately (Yes the very 1st day). Looks very pretty from outside but it won't last pass 6 months. Now just placed another order for insole . If you still want to order this pair, do yourself a favor order a pair of insole.
B001FA1IGY Nice looking, but quality level is suspect The shoes fit well, and look great.  However, the insole is lined with a cheap piece of cloth that began separating from the shoe immediately.  I could feel it pulling away from the insole after my first wearing (not an exaggeration), which is pretty ridiculous.  This is the kind of thing you expect after 6 months or a year, but not right out of the box.  (Several other reviewers have had the same experience.)  Hopefully this won't be difficult to fix, because I'd wager the factory glue won't last more than a month.Also there was a large scratch on my left shoe when I opened my package.  This isn't a huge deal, given the weathered look, and certainly one expects this kind of leather to get scratched after repeated use.  But right out of the box?  This was a bit disappointing as well.
B001FWXQN0 Awesome Jacket I saw this jacket in a store a few weeks ago, very, very nice.  It was on this web-site just a few days ago for $69... no way am I paying more than that!  Hey Amazon, get your act together, don't you know were in a recession!
B001FXZU92 sucks I've had 3 pairs of the same boot and these suck I want my money back please or a neww size
B001FXZU92 Sturdy Arrived and put on. Stable shoe. Worth the money. Putting in more words for the review. Four more words required.
B001FXZU92 Comfortable boot for every day walking I work for a county agency in California. We are always doing a fair amount of walking on the side of hills, in dirt and muddy roads, and on asphalt. The wear is minimal. The tread is still there. I often spray our orange agent on them, to prevent the asphalt and grease from sticking on them. It has not eaten away at the tread. Only down side I can say is that the padding protection might be wearing thin already and the ankle support is questionable at times, unless I re tighten the laces after walking on incline/decline slopes. I think I would buy these again, if they switch to the dial in laces that I have seen popping up.
B001FXZU92 Great work shoes. The shoe fits very well, comfortable and not heavy at all as I was expecting.  I like the toe guard for extra protection. I think its as hood or better than redwing, which I wore the last two pairs. So far it's worth the $100.
B001FXZU92 Pro men fit okay but the top is to hard , and is not as confortable as i think.i will keep trying.
B001FXZU92 Feels great on my feet. I though they were more heavyer then they reaaly are. And they fit my hard to satify feet better thenn expected.
B001FXZU92 timberland The shoes fitted as expected and was just as described great item thank you so much it was also packaged in original box
B001FXZU92 wrong ones but very nice well the store sent me the wrong shoes. they sent me the next step down from these but i was still getting a good price so i thought i would try them out so that maybe i wouldn't have to hassle with the whole exchange thing. i ended up wearing them around the house and very quickly fell in love with them so i thought i would see what happens when i wore them to work. i work on a concrete floor and my feet would ache everyday after i got home and the first few steps in the morning. these reduced the pain to almost nothing. they are a bit heavy and they don't breathe well but other than that these boots are great.
B001FXZU92 Road Contruction 
B001G7R9PU Timberland is a winner, again. I have always loved timberland boots.  These sandels will be your go to choice all summer long.  Comfortable and looks great with shorts, pants, skirts, and a little summer dress.
B001G8W6WA Impressive Comfort!! I dont normally wear a heal, but definately am a casual dresser.  Purchased these last year and have worn them several times.  Right out of the box comfort.  This show has a stable heel, the footbed is squishy comfortable without my foot wobbling.  The price is excellet on Amazon.  This pair will last a long time !!!
B001G8W6WA really cute with some minor problems I love the look of this shoe. It gives me sturdy footing as the bottom is more like a boot. The straps are a little tight on me, but not unbearable. The only issue I have is the noise they make when you wear barefoot. It is just a squeak-like noise with every step. I was thinking of putting powder on my feet to try to stop the noise. The heel height is just right. I wear these both casual and dress.
B001GB379I awesome boots Takes a few days to break them in but there a sturdy soils work boot I did two 12 HR days back to back with them straight out of the box and besides the soreness of getting used to the met-gaurd they were great.
B001GB379I Uncomfortable I bought these for my husband who finds them uncomfortable on the instep.  The boots don't allow enough movement.  On the positive, they do offer good protection.
B001GB379I original a little heavy and rigid , but the confort is here ..but after a long day of work your socks smokes and your foot are wet ...i think better wear it when it s minus 5 degrees than 30 degrees otherwise you can expect mushrooms... thoses shoes are one hundred per cent secured , if you get to broke your foot with it then you re not lucky
B001GIO71S very comfortable These shoes are very comfortable and they look even better than the pic. I got the blue ones and I love them. doesn't even need breaking in.
B001GUSZ4G Practically Perfect These are great shoes.  Sporty, sturdy and simple for my son to put on and tighten himself thanks to the unique knob which tightens the cable-like lacing. Given the side openings, they should be cool enough in the summer but the enclosed toe should keep his foot safe from trauma during rugged play. I think these were well worth the money and bet they'll hold up longer than he'll be able to fit in them (which is why I am considering also purchasing the next size up).
B001J9EQOW shoes timberland I really like that I have more shoes to be a number 37.5eu 38.eu 39.5eu I want to know you and nomero European
B001J9EQOW Timberland Women's Amherst Boat Shoe These shoes are very comfortable.If you like this style you won't regret buying them.It feels like you are berfoot,that's how comfortable they are.Once you try it, you won't take it off any more.
B001J9EQOW nice~ RT...Well, things are very good, buy a large,the first to buy things in it. i will go on enjoying Hai Tao,haha~
B001JAHP6W Timberland Men's TB7002 Sunglasses,Brown/Brown Frame/Polarized Brown Lens,one size thanks for the product  Timberland Sunglasses Men is good commend them for their work one hundred percent recommended amazon happy day greetings
B001JAHQI4 Nice looking shades but terrible quality. I bought these shades about 5 months ago, I love the sleek design and the lens size. But the temples are made of cheap plastic. It feels like I'll brake them easily.I like the shades, it makes me look very elegant but its defiantly not worth the price that I paid($50.00).
B001JAHRRE Timberland is great. Like all the things I've ordered from Timberland which includes these sunglasses and well as boots and shoes.  Quick delivery and good prices, but even greater quality.
B001JEP4F2 Walk a mile in these shoes... In my rural area of southeast Missouri, there is little in the way of quality shopping. Timberland shoes (a favorite) are not easily found, so I had to resort to the internet. Earthkeeper's Cupsole Slip-ons were exactly what I was looking for in casual (no socks) footwear. Attention to detail, smart looks, and very comfortable. Everything I need and look for in a shoe.
B001KOQ4EG returned it not the same as the one we had before, even though it has the same model #.  Just like the other reviewer said, it must be because it's made in different countries.Otherwise, it's probably a good shoe...
B001KOQ4EG Good Solid Shoe I have bought about 5 pairs of these in brown and black.  Very comfortable and hold up well. I am a contractor so they need to be able to go on a jobsite as well as shine up when I meet with the customers.  I tried the Dr. Sholes Harringtons, but the sole separated from the top part.  Back to Timberland I go.
B001KOQ4EG Perfect These are getting harder to find as they appear to have been discontinued...that's too bad. I'm not sure what else could be done to improve on these. Comfortable, look good (in between casual/dress/rugged).
B001KOQ4EG Timberland Shoes - Madison Summit Extremely comfortable, yet firm.  A good looking, functional shoe for life in the wet Pacific Northwest. It's just what I wanted.
B001KOQ4EG Rugged Shoe for Outdoors and Office I'm a field biologist so I'm constantly moving between jobs in the field and meetings in the office.  These shoes bridge that gap nicely.  They look good, and stand up to mucky marshes, wet areas, and the rigors of construction sites.  The sole is very durable and long lasting.  When the shoe's leather gets scuffed up, it takes polish well and keeps on looking good.  I think I'm on my third pair and will continue to buy these shoes as long as they're available.
B001KOQ4EG Very comfortable Typical Timberland good casual design ... fit comfortably right out of the box.  Then on the other hand, this shoe was more expensive than others from NunBusch, Sears Dockers.
B001KOQ4EG Good shoe This is my third pair. Very convenient on/off for going through the airport.  Dressy enough for slacks and sport coat, fine with khakis too.
B001KOQ4EG Comfortable inside but uncomfortable outside. These shoes are well made, flexible, and provide plenty of room for your feet and toes, so they are comfortable with respect to this factor. I bought size 10D. However, I found that the sole of this shoe is constructed with protruding hard rubber knobs which press upon the ball of your feet when walking, so they are not comfortable with respect to prolonged walking and standing especially on hard surfaces. In addition, they will slip on wet pavement. I tried replacing the insole with a sofsole insole and that helped but did not alleviate the problem. I don't recomend these shoes for prolonged walking on hard surfaces, but will say that they are very comfortable when worn inside on carpets such as at the office or at home.
B001KOQ4EG Nice and comfy A simple Oxford with a gentle piece of neoprene on the achilles.  Takes 3-4 wears to get broken in.  Worn them as work shoes in bike retail shop for 3+ years.  Only complaint is they're getting hard to find.
B001KU7ENA For the man who doesn't have enough time on his hands I have gone so many years only looking at one time at a time and I am extremely pleased to be the new owner of not just 1 time or 2 times but 4 times all at once.  Ever walk down a street and have someone ask you what is the time in Cairo right now.  Well sir I can give you that time as well as Japan and London.  Impress the ladies at 8am with the typical line its 5 o'clock in Cairo right now so we can have a shot or 2.  Goes great with 3 wolves T-shirt and you can split the duty of watching the clock with the 3 wolves.
B001KU87JA get this if you want to look like a spring chicken We bought this for my boyfriend's brother for xmas.  First of all, it is not a winter coat.  He did like the appearance, but after one wear he was covered in feathers.  It's going back in the mail as soon as possible.  I would expect much better from Timberland.
B001KU87JA The down will try to escape The jacket looks good, feels comfortable and warm, but the down feathers are not the softest kind and still have stems with sharp ends that will poke through the so called "down proof" material, so much for that. To avoid looking like I've just rolled around inside a chicken coop, I have to keep plucking the feathers that are sticking out from time to time and I wonder when will the jacket become a thin shell with few feathers.
B001KU87JA Lousy quality I ordered this jacket because it looked great and seemed like a steal for the discounted price.  Little did I know that as soon as you try it on you're going to look like poultry.  I've had other down jackets where feathers occasionally pop out, but this one is ridiculous.  The "shell" material is so thin and poorly made that you will be plucking feathers off of yourself for hours to come.  So unless you've got a Halloween party coming up where your date is Colonel Sanders, I would advise strongly against purchasing this jacket.
B001KU87JA nice down jacket great down jacket that is not overfilled. Wonderfully lined pockets. the front napoleon pocket in the front is great for cellphone, music players or fast wallet access.
B001L1DBQC Painfull!!!! Seller was great but within 4 hours of wearing these boots to work I had blisters on my heals. The is a area where the rubber heal and the leather meets and it made these boots unwearable. Luckily I had brought my old red wings with me just in case.
B001L1DBQC My Choice This is my second time buying this specific safety boot.I will continue buying it for sure. Very comfortable.The leather is high quality.The sole could be a bit thicker. And inside where the heal slide in. In leather.But overall a top of the line product.I went to 3 store and did not find my size  so i checked on Amazon. I'm from Canada and even whit all the shipping and duty. The total purchase was still eighty some bucks cheaper. Thank you Amazon.com
B001L1DBQC not the best choice The  boot gave me blisters from day one. I thought they would get better now im thinking of tossing them out as a bad experience.
B001L5TT1O DPW I bought one and I love it. But, now I can't get anymore. I have a talent for finding what I want just as they stop making things. (the sale price was good Though).
B001L8K3GQ Poor Description I could find no mention in the description of these shoes being Steel Tow.  For that reason I am returning
B001N69NOE misrepresntation the item that you see was not the picture of the item they had displayed. when I ordered the timberland Boot it was supposed to be the classic Nubuck wheat construction timberland, when it arrived it was this horrible boot you see in the picture after I complained they change the picture to reflect the awful boot mix up. I was so disappointed and amazon did not even try to get me the correct item for there error so far I am so disappointed with amazon for there failed purchases I may never shop on this site again.
B001O1PO96 Good quality! This boot holds up to serious wear and tear! I'm a roofer and I abuse my footwear. These boots are comfortable and durable.
B001OI3FUY Very comfy slippers Great pair of slippers..Cut in moccasin style they slip on easily and were sized exactly. They have a small rubber no skid pad on the sole which provides stability.  Excellent
B001OZQDXS Great bag my wife wanted this bag and those guys had the price even beating e-bay .Hee Haw
B001PBK87I Great boots Everyone has different sized feet, but these fit, and felt comfortable, right out of the box. I have been wearing them for 3 mo's now, & they've gotten even more comfortable. They are very well made & even though they cost $100, I am happy to pay the price, as I am so sick of the $30 - $40 Chinese crap that lasts only 6 mo's. These will last a long time.
B001PBK87I Amazon did it again! Went to various stores before coming to Amazon.  I didn't think that they handled clothing.  Am very impressed that they not only had it in stock but that is was cheaper than any of the department stores that I had visited.  Every time I order from Amazon, it's a quality product and is delivered when they say it will be.  You can't ask for anything more than that.
B001PBK87I Cold toes at 25F, but fit well, comfortable and look good. I've had Timberland Pro boots before (yellow leather) and liked them.  This dark brown color I like better.  I haven't yet tested the waterproof quality, but they are comfortable and fit with D width and my normal size (10.5).  I was a little disappointed that the 200g Thinsulate was not warm even when between 20-30F.  Not that I thought there was a chance of frostbite, but my toes were cold at around 25F.Kept these, but ordered an Irish Setter pair that had 800g Thinsulate (Gun Flint is the model name).  The Irish Setter ones have been worn with temps in the 20s and they are comfortable, not hot, but comfortable.
B001PKV35U Shirt This shirt was quite interesting to wear. It demands attention because the colors stood out and have been fun to match up.
B001PUF93C esd feature works great I work in a esd safe enviroment and have never failed an esd test since I bought these shoes 6 months ago. a real time saver.
B001PUFSW4 Great Shoe for a Great Price I have bad feet, and have been seeing a Podiatrist for 20-some years.  I am tired of buying expensive tennis shoes with motion control, and wearing them down within months.  I bought these shoes to try a new approach, and am very pleased with the results so far.  My podiatrist gave them two thumbs up as a great shoe!  They fit perfectly, with plenty of toe room and a generous instep.  The heels don't slip, and the tops don't irritate my ankles. I'm on day 6 of wearing them so far, and my only adjustment will be to put some moleskin on my big toe, which for now rubs against the inside stitching line.
B001PUFSW4 love the fit and weight of shoe This item fit as I wanted and the weight is not too much.  Gives my legs a workout throughout the day
B001PUFSW4 Timberland Pro Women's I had to get a pair of steel toed shoes for a community emergency response team I am a part of. I couldn't find any stores in my area that sold women's sizes. Since I wear a 7 1/2 the men's sizes were way too large. I bought these shoes and wore them in our all day practical. They fit well and were quite comfortable. My only other option besides the internet for purchasing was RedWing which I have heard are nice but very expensive. These weren't cheap but they fit and are comfortable. They were cheaper than many of the options and worked well for me. I would recommend them to anyone. They seemed to be true to size. There is quite a lot of toe room for heavier socks if needed.
B001QO582O Nice bag This bag looks great and seems to be very durable.  I usually find a scrap or tear on my luggage after each airline flight but this bag still looks new after 3 flights.  The bag has a good number of pockets and dividers inside to store and separate smaller items.  The quality of this bag is very noticable.  The wheels, material, and zipper are all high quality. The only problem I noticed is that the bag does not always stand upright on its own.  The bottom is not stiff enough so it depends on what is stuffed into the bottom of the bag.
B001QO582O It's a little thin It's well done but I confess I'd rather the carry on design. This is not so estable as the carry on luggage.
B001QO6YYU great wheeled duffel bag This wheeled duffel is great! It is large enough for a one person weeklong trip. It opens full length in half (the bottom section has two removeable dividers) and many zippered smaller sections to assist organizing items. The handle opens/closes and locks solidly  and the wheels roll easily. The duffel appears very well built overall and carefully designed. Finally, it has a very distinctive look. I am glad I purchased two for my most recent trip. (I saved 25% buying these bags through Amazon compared to retail store prices).
B001QO6YYU Roomy and versatile duffel This is a great one week's worth bag with lots of compartments for organizing all your stuff.  I just used it on a week-long trip and it was perfect. I used the lower compartment for pants and shoes, the top part for shirts, etc... and the zippered section near the bottom is a separate space for toiletries and a sweater.  The bag is well made and easy to carry around, but be aware that it doesn't stand vertically as there is no support at that end to hold it up - that would be my only small criticism.  I also like the narrow width which is helpful for moving down the aisle of a train or bus.  This bag is too large to be an airplane carry-on at 26 inches long.
B001QO6YYU Timberland Trekker 26" This is a beautiful bag. Well constructed, good quality, nice color.  It's a good stay-over-the-weekend bag.  Though I'm a little bit disappointed with the bag width size. The 26" is a bit small/narrow for my needs. It might fit your needs though.  If you are looking for a check-in travel bag, I will recommend going for the bigger size model. Other than the narrowness minor complain, it's a good bag overall.
B001QOARBG Worked perfectly The wheeled duffel is great. After two rough weeks in Italy, with lots of packing an unpacking, I am delighted with the luggage.  The only problem is that it is way too easy to overpack and arrive at the ticket counter overweight, which I did, to the tune of 115 Euros.
B001QOARBG Bag It Hefty, excellent piece of luggage.  Plenty of room, heavy zippers, lot of pockets. Great upgrade to a standard duffel. Good price.
B001RIYV1I Great boots A little bit heavy but it worths. They are very useful in almost all 4 seassons ! I strongly recommend them.
B001RNOAUA wrong name i reviewed this earlier but forgot to put that its listing as the wrong name.  This  boot should be labelled Timberland Womens A lounger chukka.
B001RNOO56 Sturdy, but scuff quickly I got these for my very active 3 year old. He LOVES them and they are very sturdy. Unfortunately the tips scuffed very quickly, so around the edge of the toe the light brown is rubbed off leaving a un-attractive dark brown that looks like a stain. They are good shoes for play, but not for looks.
B001S5X31E Rugged, tough boot Great for construction, manufacturing facility, hiking and looks great. Complies with most safety requirements for manufacturing facilities. Break it in before hiking a long while with it.
B001S5X31E light weight boots! I somehow expected a high quality boot to be very heavy. They are extremely light and fit like they are supposed to . Bought and installed better quality timberland insoles, the ones they come with are so so.
B001S5X31E Poorly made This is my second pair both pairs spit and the sols fall off.  do your self a favor buy American Made
B001S5X31E Timberland Pro NEVER disappoints! I love em! I have yet to be disappointed and I have been a Timberland customer for over 20 years now.
B001S5X31E Poor design When you them up all the way, they buckle in where the speed laces start. This is right at the bone on your ankle. Didn't wear them through the first day. trying to soften up with oil. If that would be fixed, they would be great boots.
B001S5X31E POWERFULLY BEAUTIFUL!!! Great design, style, look, construction and especially comfort. I have hard to fit size 14 xw feet. Timberland knows how to make boots for real humans. I love them and would definitely recommend these.
B001SARJXC didnt work out I Could not get my foot in the hole of the shoe. The material was soft.  One of the pull tabs were broken upon arrival.
B001SARJXC Chelesa Boot, Black I really like the boots.  They are very stylist and most important comfortable.  I have only had them for two weeks.  So, they do not need a breaking period.
B001SARJXC Timberland Men's 88580 Mt. Washington City Chelsea Boot,Black,9.5 M This item was ordered for my friend. He liked it very much. The quality is very good.Best regardsAnna
B001SARJXC Comfortable, Stylish and Protective Extremely well-cushioned, very classic look when worn with jeans and waterproof.  Great buy - well worth the price!  I even liked the presentation.  Highly recommended.
B001SARJXC Almost 5 Star! I give 4 Star but almost 5 Star for this one because, the foot hole is to tight from the elastics on both side and I almost wanted to cut it and add zipper on it but very comfortable all around when I'm in it.
B001SARJXC Excellent fit! I have to say that i am always skeptical buying footwear over the internet. I read the reviews (thanks to you all who provided it)and thanks to very accurate and feedback i bought the boots. Perfect fit which is my normal size as mentioned in other reviews. The boots are extremely comfortable too and the finish is great. They look better in reality than the screen believe me. The two finger grips are absolutely necessary top hold onto as the hole to get your foot in is rather tight (elasticated) so stretch. All the same a necessary and well designed feature.They have rubbed on my ankle front and back so I am only wearing them half a working day at a time so I slowly soften the leather without causing too much discomfort to myself.Buy them...you won't be disappointed. (remember I only received them 3 days ago!).
B001SARJXC Thought they were a little dressier They are far more dull and casual than I expected. I hope they shine up a bit. They came as expected and on time.
B001SARJXC Pretty much what I expected, but difficult to slip on/off Appear to be well made.  Very comfortable.  Look nice enough to wear with dress slacks, but would be fine with jeans too.  I've already received a couple of compliments about them. I just got them, so not sure yet about durability.  The size was generous; perhaps just a little bigger than I expected once I get it on (although very tight when pulling it on or off).This is my only complaint:  There is no zipper, so it takes quite a bit of effort to get it on and off.  If the pull loop on the back ever comes off, I will be in trouble, because there is no way I could pull this on without it.  Also, my slacks sometimes get hung up on the pull loops and don't lay down flat on the shoe as they should.  It would have been a perfect shoe if they had put in a side zipper.
B001SARJXC Take That, Airport Security! Hey, Oldtimer! Tired of hunching over to tie your shoelaces after airport security? Envious of the younger dudes just slipping their laceless boots on and off while you hoist your hinder and grunt? Well, here's the answer! You too can be insouciant; as long as your cuffs cover the boot tops, these Timberland Boots will look just like the old-fashioned black business shoes guys your age are expected to wear.They're sturdily made, besides, and remarkably comfortable in fit. The only irritant for me is a chafing at the very top of the boot if I wear socks that are too short. The soles are durable and the whole boot is reasonably weatherproof. They're not made for ballroom dancing, of course, and they look a trifle funky with a tuxedo.
B001SARJXC Good value for money Ordered half a size smaller, fits perfect.Used external shipping service for 20$ to send package to Israel - instead of buying the pair in local retail for ~250$.Shoes were packed thoroughly, remained in good shape and are comfortable.
B001SARJXC Great, as it should be from Timberland. I am biased, I like a lot of Timberland's products.  These are very good boots and comfortable.  I expected it when I saw the picture and purchased not having seen them in person.  I was not disappointed.
B001SARJXC very pleases. They are well made and very comfortable. I like the outer leather finish - not too glossy. They take was polish well..
B001SARJXC Professionakl dress Best shoes/boots for a professional office dress code. They are very stylish, clean and professional looking. You could take these biking, to the office, to a wedding or just casual wear around the house. This shoes are indeed water repellant and slip resistant!
B001SARJXC Very Pleased I gave these bad boys 5 stars because they fit well, were in great shape when I received them, and are bad ass.  I recommend them to anyone wanting to pull off the classy black shirt, blue jeans, and black boots look.
B001SARJXC Great build quality, even better looks... I was not impressed how Amazon raised the price 15 bucks, but I bought anyway. It's fun waiting for work checks to clear ;)I digress. The boots really are of good build quality and like most shoes, they should be comfortable right from the get go. The left boot seems to slide around a bit and it isn't as tight fitting as the right one. You do want to order your actual size. If I went with the ten, it would be too tight. I will try what another reviewer wrote about bigger socks. Will report back.
B001SARJXC Quality is suspect! I am very upset with the boot.  I purchased it and one of the straps snapped off the very first time I put them on!!Very disappointed!
B001SARJXC Defective Everything about this boot is great except for the cheap adhesive they put on the heel.  I ordered the boots twice and each time the strips on the heels began to peel within a matter of days.  Very disappointing because everything else about this boot is up to par; comfort, waterproofing, aesthetics, etc.
B001SARJXC Love the way it looks Classy and casual. Pair it with sraight leg jeans and you are done! Looking forward to get the other colors!
B001SARJXC Boot strap rips off after 2 weeks: Shoemania ignores my email I bought these boots because of Timberlands reputation. But two weeks after I bought them the back strap ripped off simply putting the boots on. I contacted Shoemania, the seller, but received no response. Don't buy from these guys. And while overall I think this is a good boot, the strap thing certainly mars it.
B001SARJXC Did they fit? You damn right they did.  OH MY Goodness. I had an older version that I wear daily.  No laces, water proof, sexy... whats not to love about these. I'm just saying.. BUY THESE!
B001SARJXC Kudos !!! ForAmazon I have to be honest l wasnt qute sure how the entire shopping experience will turn out since it was my first time on Amazon ..... but i have to say was really impressed by the service and quality of the product considering the deal i got on account of black friday I guess.Great pair of boots extremely comfortable .... on a side note prompt service by the customer care dept reversed the security deposit the moment it was brought to their notice.Thumbs up guys ..... will be shopping with amazon soon again ;)
B001SARJXC comfort makes up for loop stitch strength Extremely comfortable boot. With a size 12 1/2 W, I found the pulling up from the back loop was more difficult then expected (the loop broke off on one end) I just use a pair of 'ducked taped pliers' to pull the back up. I don't pull the other one by hand...no more snap offs.My system works, and I enjoy the day working with auto repair, vocational students...not having tired feet and legs.
B001SARJXC Slips and slides While I did not get this from amazon, I got it because I was moving to NY and I figure I would need a good waterproof and laceless pair of boots. All in all, it is great but to my dismay, I find that is slips rather frequently. Even on a rainy day, it will actually slip on the pedestrian crossing paint job on the road. I always seem to have to have another level of concentration when walking around with these in the winter. I am considering getting something else to try out - maybe a caterpillar or rockport.
B001SARJXC A must buy I wear 11.5 but bought a 12 because of the high top and it turned out to be a great decision. I wear as often as I can because I have other pairs I like. Good leather- looks/feels. Fellows who wear booths should have a pair of these.
B001SARJXC Style and Comfort I am a little angry that Timberlands are made in Vietnam, but they still have style and comfort. My only worry is will they have durability. What happened to good old American Made Products. Why is unemployment so high...Gee I wonder!
B001SARJXC All weather boots This most recent purchase was to replace a similar pair which have been most satisfactory.  I purposely made it a point to buy that same brand again and I am most impressed with the quality and pleasantly surprised at the price.  Also, this particular vendor isas fine as any company I've dealt with.WER
B001U0OTCY Fabulous!!! I have been searching for these boots for ages and suddenly!!!...Here it is. . stylish, warm, comfortable and light. . I realised how light it is when I went to collect it. . Its the best value for money. . Now, I am praying that it snows continously..LOL!!!. Ah, one more thing, get a half size smaller:)
B001U0OTCY It's not good product. I have a problem with this boots,I'm walking in the forest while it's raining and my feets finished wet.Sorry my english,I'm live in Punta del Este,country Uruguay.How can I send back the boots and recived back the money?.Damian from uruguay.
B001U0OTCY good for Russia Finally, I received it just before winter started. I am living in Far East in Russia, so regular temperature here is about -20 C (I guess it's about -4F). I am happy with this boots. Of course, if I am staying more than half hour my feet gradually start to frozen, but in other situations it's just fine.
B001U0OWUS product features Hi I want to order those brown bootssize 10but I have a questionWhat is meant by "Warranty: Manufacturing defect" in Productfeatures under the picture???Is there something wrong with them?thank you
B001U89N2W Good, ordinary boot, but a little deceptive in pictures It's hard to tell from these pictures, but the toe of this boot actually comes to quite a tip.  It's just a little bit too rounded to be a "pointy-toed boot," but the length of the toe tip is the same.  You can tell immediately, when you put them on, that they are a perfect fit everywhere except for the toe chamber.  My toes had amazing wiggle room.  I'd recommend these to a friend, if she was into that kind of style.  I personally hate pointy shoes on me, but I saw a guy rockin' long toed cowboy boots on the subway last month, and I won't lie that the style is pretty cool.  With these boots, you get a motorcycle-riding style which pays some respect to cowboy heritage.
B001U89N2W Waiting a long time for a refund sent shoes back a long time ago wrong size still waiting for my refund please send it
B001U89N2W Hard to get on!!!!! I have difficulty getting these boots on because of the heel.  The heel just collaspes in and I have to get my hubby to help me get them on.  I've never had this problem with any of the previous Timberlands I've bought in the past.  It's the same for both the brown and the black pairs that I bought.
B001U89OQW Cut my heels open :( These boots look really cute on the outside but something on the inside was not appropriately constructed! I usually wear a 6 and ordered a 6 1/2 and they fit good.  I believe it's the extra rubber protection in the back that causes my heel to chafe against it, and cut both of my heels up pretty bad. I had to walk very slowly by the end of the day because of the pain and I had only worn the boots for 5 hours to go to a class and the computer lab.  I am so bummed...I was going to throw away my uggs but now I guess I am still stuck with them and I only got to wear these boots for 5 hours!! I am sure I can't return them since now they are considered used.  Not easy paying over $100 for something that you thought would last you at least a season :(
B001UE6RP2 Finally!  We found a pair that we all like! Our little boy is very active but his feet are much bigger than he is!  He's in a size 9 and he's not even 2 years old.  So we needed a higher topped boot that he could wear hiking but one that was lightweight enough that he wouldn't get tired lugging his feet around.  This totally fit the bill and the price is fantastic compared to what we've seen of lesser quality.  He loves to hike the trails with us (the $120 Kelty pack we bought is a waste because he wants to motor on his own) and he loves his new boots!
B001UE6XX8 No biggy These shoes are not as heavy as I thoughtthey would be. Shipping nothing to brag about.The boots arrived on the last possible day for delivery.I read the reviews for Shoemall after ordering.ThoughtI would later regret ordering from them. Justhappy I did not go through what others wentthrough. I looked at reviews on Amazon andsearched for reviews on the web, I suggestothers do both and make up your mind aboutpurchasing from them. If you want to checkshipping you have to go to the Shoemallwebsite and enter the number that Shoemallgives when they send you an email, notthe Amazon number. I'll come back and give mydecision on the black euro hiker 2.0 whenwinter hits .That is the only way I can givea proper review on the Timberland boots. I willgive it 3 stars now since it arrived within the timeframe.
B001UE6Y5U Terrible shoes Any child hiking in this would have terrible foot pain- it's stiff, the tread is awful and of an easily worn down material, the lacing system is terrible and the lining is very much unpadded and rough- I have returned it.
B001UE6YQO bad boots After spending a fair amount of gas, to no avail, looking for a good solid boot for a little boy, we turned to the internet. Thinking we had found the motherlode; we bought this supposed quality boot for my six year old son. In this day and age and in this economy the boots were not cheap. I equated price with quality. I was wrong. At first glance they were totally solid and quality footgear. Much unlike todays selection of crummy bogus vinyl shoes from china. Unfortunately these boots lasted a whole whopping four days of inconstant wear before the sole came off the boot! It wasnt even sewn on. It would appear to be heat sealed around the edges and not properly glued or sewn. What a massive disappointment. I had Timberland boots before and was pleased with them. Not so with these. In one happy turn of events, the retailer Shoe Metro, took good care of us and happily refunded our money. As a retailer it was refreshing to find good customer service in this day and age. I highly recommend dealing with Shoe Metro. They are a quality company. I hope Timberland gets their act together. The whole point of buying these boots was to replace all the unwholesome footwear from Wal-mart and their ilk.
B001UE701C buy the stain remover Very nice only thing they get dirty and stained to fast on kids but That's normal it was a true fit for my 5 yr old
B001UE70IK Billy's The shoe didn't come right away but the seller communicated very well regarding the shipment. Knowing what is going on is important so I am fully satisfied with the seller and the product.
B001V8RPMQ Looks and feels good. Well designed and manufactured piece that combines a comfort of light, breathable fabric, loose, air-accessible design and nice color theme. Seems to keep you cool in hazy summer days and doesn't require much ironing. Dries fast. Good product.
B001VNCKJ4 My Favorite Boots I wear them all the time and constantly get complements.  I love the side sips, as it makes getting them on quite quick and easy.
B001VNCKJ4 The best boots I've worn these everywhere from NYC to London to Paris to Barcelona.  They are my main go to boot for traveling.  They look good and they are sturdy enough to hold up to long treks. They take a few wearings to truly break in but no real discomfort comes from that process. I ahve worn them for five mile walks regualrly and when traveling I am often in them all day.  When we are in spain my friend shoes broke and I loaned him these and he ended up buying a pair. I wear a ten and half usually and they fit well in that size through the heel and arch with just a little extra in the toe.  I've recommended these to my friends and family and about a half dozen of them bought them and love them as well.  They are sometimes advertised as waterproof, they are not.  The color is hard to described and changes as they break in. They look great and they wear in spot giving them a nice lived in look.
B001VNCKJ4 Fits well I've used Timberland products in the past and loved them but this one is just OK. They should stick to the rugged side of footwear.
B001VNCKJ4 Works just fine Fit well, been wearing them for a couple years and the only thing wrong with them is that the laces need to be replaced.  Zipper works fine.
B001VNCKJ4 My new go to boot Awesome, light duty boots.  Great insole as is, needed zero supplemental inslole - a first for me.  Light and instantly comfortable shoe.  Great leather, perfect ballance between durability, comfort, and low matte.  Actually like the side zip/lace up combo very much. Good enough for slim jeans or possibly even slacks.  Fantastic minimalist profile.  Dont hesitate.
B001VNCKJ4 Might be the new favorites! These boots are comfortable right out of the box!  Other reviewers have commented about sizing.  i wear a 10.5 for some brands, an 11 in others.  I got at 10.5 and it's perfect!The color has a nice aged patina.  They go with everything from dress slacks to jeans.  I throw a good natural (clear)polish on to help with water, and off you go.I'd recommend them, and might grab them again in the future if available!
B001VNCKJ4 Great boot! This book retails for 170.00 at Nordstroms and is nearly as expensive online. I luckily stumbled upon them at a local Marshals and picked them up for 69.00. They are very classly looking and can be dressed up or down very easily. They are waterproof and rugged, yet sophisticated. My only qualm with these is the zipper on the side. I am not a fan of zippers on boots and find them a tad feminine on a man's boot. Overall, these boots are very stylish and look great. They give the impression that they will last many years and are quality made. I recommend!Buy a full size down as they run a size big. I am a 12 and I fit into an 11 with room to spare.
B001VNCKJ4 Teaneck Man I was looking for them in Burnished Tan for a while, previously purchased a pair in Burnished brown,great looking boots especially for casual wear. I obtained a them at great price too saved $45.00 from the current& original price as quoted by Macy's Online Store. GO AMAZON.
B00213JQOA Odd fit, gets wrinkled easily I live out of a suitcase and don't understand the complexities of an iron.  This shirt looks nice if you hang it up out of the dryer, but out of the suitcase it looks wrinkly and gives you the slept in my clothes last night look.  I'm 6'3" and typically wear xl or xl long, this shirt is much to wide around the waste, it looks like a dress.  It would be nice if it was a little slimmer fitting.
B00213JS52 poor I bought this t-shirt and it was defective. The print was reversed and on the underside of the t shirt. Get the ringer t-shirt instead (http://www.amazon.com/Timberland-Graphic-T-Shirt-Heather-X-Large/dp/B00213JSEI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1250089526&sr=8-1) - much better value. Buyer beware i guess is what i'm trying to say especially if you are an international customer cause it probably won't be cost effective to return it.
B00213JSEI Great Value Very pleased with the quality of this t shirt for the price. A great buy. I bought the XL and it is not too slim-fitting like the pic suggests. So if you have a bit of a beer gut it will be forgiving.
B00213JTGK I love this tee shirt It's comfortable, soft, well-made, and all around very nice.  Who would have thought, Timberland isn't exactly the first brand that comes to mind for a luxury tee shirt.  Being a slub style it's crinkley and a little heavier, it's a looser fit.  Also, you shouldn't use bleach or dry on high heat like you might for a basic tee.  It's light enough to wear under a dress shirt but probably a little too thick with some non-white elements for anything too sheer.  It doesn't pick up soap / sweat / deodorant stains like a cheap undershirt-style tee.  It's kind of in between.  I wouldn't wear it out of the house by itself but it's a great undergarment - put it under a shirt, sweater, or jacket, and you'll be fine.  Although it's a v-neck it doesn't dip down a whole lot so if your top overshirt button is undone you might see this one peeking over the top.  Still, it's such a nice shirt that it makes me feel extra good just wearing it.  If you want a couple steps up from decent discount tees like Jockey or Hahnes, but you're not ready to go for ultra-expensive designer brands, this is a good middle ground.  I wouldn't spend the $40 retail price, but I got a bunch at Amazon's super-discounted $10, and it's a great value for that price.
B00213JUE6 well-made shirt Timberland is rugged oriented and this shirt is no exception. Buttons and cuffs are reinforced, and the material feels thicker than most woven shirts. It is a great value through Amazon, where the price is much cheaper than Macy's or Timberland.com.Timberland is also one of the industry leaders in environmental stewardship so it is great to support such a cause.
B00213K0NG This is a wrong photo and a wrong description When i received the shirt i was shocked, it isn't the same one i ordered as per the photo and the description shown here in Amazon!I received a totlay different color and shape and a SHORT sleeve shirt!Returning will cost me $50.00 because i'm international customer using private US address, in which all the parcels received are automatically forwarded to my international address!What to do? i have to live with it!
B00213K4AU Bad quality HiI got the T-shirt and was shocked - the printing is opposite mirror side and can be wear
B00213K4AU Do not buy it This T-shirt is so bad i could not believe it is Timberland! The printing is faint and the fabric is cheap. Do not buy it.
B0023D861C Nice tote. I received my item really fast. I was however alil disappointed when I realized this was a knock-off, but I should have known better when you figure in how much I paid for it. All and all it is a nice tote. I use it to carry personal folders, and stuff to work. It is a strong bag, and serves it's purpose very well.Thank you for providing me with a qualify product with a great price.
B0024MVAI8 comfortable but built cheap very comfortable can't believe they used plastic eyelets started breaking in only a week.I'll buy American next time and every time I need boots
B0024MVAI8 Timberlamd Pro Men's boots should have listened to one of the reviews- the eyelets around the shoe laces already came off.....disappointing to say the least
B00261CDYW no proplem...................... toooo smaaallllllll and not 9 m us its toooo smallll and iwont to damge it ,,to smalll smalll smaal smaallllllll
B00261CDYW Excellent shoe!  Can't believe it is in this pricing. I got the navy/marble colors but the picture looks okay compared to in person.  It looks fantastic and want to buy a pair like this.  The quickest shipping ever... I literally got it two days after I purchased it.  I do not know why I took so long to buy timberland boat shoes, its comfortable, affordable and good for the price.  Great overall package!!
B00261CDYW Great product but terrible delivery via U.S. postal service I need to emphasize how happy I am with the timberland shoe.  It fits as described and it it is exactly what I purchased.The huge problem I had was the delivery.  In my area all of the delivery services including the post office will leave the package without a signature.  I got an Email from Amazon saying that the U.S. postal service did not deliver the package because no one was available for signature.  I was available at the time in my home and no signature was required anyway.  I was told in the Email from Amazon that I had to contact the post office directly to give them instructions or pick it up.  The next day I went to the post office to pick up my package to avoid any further hassles.  When I got to the post office they told me that the package was out for delivery and I couldn't pick it up.  This was counter to the Email that I had gotten from Amazon passing along with instructions from the U.S. postal service.  Most important, no one at the post office was surprised or overly concerned about the delivery problem or the horrible customer service.I have seen a real trend in many e-commerce companies using the U.S. postal service for the final mile of delivery.  This will severely hurt customer service and I strongly recommend all vendors against.  I would rather pay for delivery than get free shipping from the U.S. postal service.
B00261CDYW Left me with black feet I wore these twice(both times without socks which is the norm for me).  Both times at the end of the night, I took them off and my feet were black!!!  Tops, bottoms, sides, and I had to scrub them to get them clean.  Stopped at a Rockport store in a nearby outlet mall, and the manager suggested that what I bought on Amazon might be knockoffs.  Either way they went back in the mail today, and will not be buying another pair.
B00261CDYW Great Good qualityComfortableWell MaidWanted a black boat shoe that still had some added style to it. These black leather with white bottom accents are exactly it.I was able to have the laces changes at a Local Timberland retail store to a perfectly match black and gray as opposed to the supplied black and red. They do offer a lace change kit for sale.
B00261CDYW leather material in question I liked when it cane but after wearing twice leather material on top started to crack on one shoe which was surprise as price paid for this product was not cheap.
B00261CDYW Not pleased..... One side of the shoes was fitting as suppose to and the other was as if worn by many persons. Like it was the last side on the shelf. My husband was very displeased as well.
B00267SR5A New, but not improved. About 15 years ago, I bought a Timberland wheeled backpack carry-on. It is an excellent bag with very minor faults, however, years of use meant the handle won't extend and the fabric is tearing. Time for a new bag.The requirements were to match the old bag as much as possible - lightweight, backpack capable and fits in the overheard on most aircraft (45" combined measurements). After months of looking, it was apparent that there were few high quality bags available. The majority were under $100 and not sell constructed (my old  bag was over $200). Even Timberland was taking the cheap road. I gave in out of necessity and purchased this bag. It arrived promptly in a Samsonite box! No secrets here, this is a Samsonite bag with a Timberland sticker - made in China of course.This bag is value for the money. It will not last for more than 5 years but, because it is cheaply made, it is much lighter than my older bag. The capacity is good, you could carry enough clothes for two days plus it has a good size pouch in the front for passports, cellphone and MP3 player. This unit has a single shaft handle and I would treat it with care.The main feature I need is the back pack straps. I sometime have two checked bags and I can move all three bags without too much fuss. On my old bag, there is a zippered panel to cover the straps when not in use. This unit has a open top pouch to conceal the straps and while it works OK, it is not very neat. You have to take a minute to shove the straps in the pouch before using the wheels or carry handle.There is a pouch on the inside of the main cover but it has no top. Items put in here will fall out into the main compartment. Once again, a short cut. The same applies to the small outside pouch, no zippered (or Velcro) compartment to hold valuables.I travel quite a bit and this bag has performed well on my first trip. I don't expect it to be very durable and time will tell. The styling is great but the construction and features are basic.
B00295RHNM untested but great fit (much like the ridge line i purchased) Ok... I bought the ridge line for living outdoors in the winter.  I bought these Rigmasters since I likewise plan to find outdoor work in the winter, hopefully ranch work.  that means more than likely working with icy water, cleaning stalls, moving bales, and working around very large animals with hard stepping hooves.  all of which i know from experience can become painfully unpleasant under cold conditions with wimpy footwear.I bought these in a 7.5 which is a half-size up from my normal boot size.  I typically run a 6.5 to 7 in shoes and lean toward 7 in boots.  I heard these run a little small, and i wanted to wear them with a thick wool sock (the Wigwam Merino Comfort Hiker 2-pack which I also recommend based on comfort and fit).  the 7.5 is perfect with the sock.  They fit much like the Ridge Line.Appear sturdy yet are very lightweight for a work boot and appear well-insulated, we'll see.The grommets at the top are just grommets, no option to lace through as with the Ridge Line, but they are nice and high and i don't think will cause problems (laces coming loose).Maybe cowboy boots for summer, we'll see what the locals do!Will update if my opinion changes when winter and work hit.
B00295RHV4 chaussure parfaite J ai recu les chaussures  tres rapidement, et celle-ci corespondait parfaitement a la description.Elles sont tres confortable et legere.Bref tres contente de cet achat.
B00295RHV4 Disappointing quality Always liked this brand of products,But this has made me very disappointed,Surface long scar and vast shoe stains ,Let me down very!!
B00295RIW2 Not what I expected I love the look of these shoes and the inserts are pretty comfortable as well however, the tops of the shoes are very firm and dug into the tops of my feet giving me blisters after only 1 shift of wearing them. I also had to put bandaids on my blisters before my shift ended to prevent further skin breakage :/
B00295RJIU I want to like these, but... After reading the reviews on here, I was really excited to get these in the mail. I'm a nursing student and am starting clinicals soon, and we must have all white, non-canvas, non-slip, non-athletic shoes. A very tall order, considering I am already picky about shoes without having all those constraints.I ordered these in my size, and while I like the appearance of them, they keep slipping off me. The toe area of my foot is snug, but the heel slips out and it doesn't seen to support my high arches. I tried using them with insoles, and they still slip out.Does anyone have any suggestions for me? I am all ears.
B00295RJIU Feels Great!! Loved these shoes.  Got 6.5W first but a little too tight in the instep.  Never know if I'm going to wear a 6.5W or a 7W until I try.  So comfortable and don't seem to scuff as easily as most.
B00295RJIU nursing shoe True fit.  Only complaint is strictly personal in that my bunions do hurt in these shoes, expect once they are broken in the leather will stretch to fit.
B00295RJIU Very comfortable These shoes are very comfortable!  I have been wearing them daily for about a month and so far I have only one complaint.  The leather is already wearing off on the toes.  I plan to try to polish them up a bit but otherwise these are so comfy that I would recommend them.
B00295RJIU Saved my back As a new (older) nursing student these shoes have saved my back. After standing (running) from 630a to 630p at the hospital my back didnt hurt at all. They are not exactly stylish but who cares - my back felt great. Highly recommended.
B00295RJIU Super Comfy I took everyone else's word for it and purchased these and they are soo comfy.  I haven't used them much yet but I am going to be starting nursing school so hopefully they will be good for that.  True to size.
B00295RJIU Bought online without trying on! These are Fabulous shoes!!  Comfort is tremendous and I got them because of the price and decided to chance it!!!  Only, only problem is that they did start to Squeak and I haven't figured out how to squelch that!
B00295RJIU It's comfortable I wear this shouse daily for very long hours. Its comfortable and sturdy. I like the design because it takes the pressure off my toes.
B00295RJIU Pain Relief In Style I started out just looking for a pair of comfortable brown clogs that weren't ugly.  I went back and forth between these and several more expensive brands but decided to give these a try.  Boy am I glad I made that decision.When I first got them, I thought I should have gone up in size.  They felt kind of tight across the top of my foot.  But the toe room seemed OK so I decided to wear them around the house for a couple of hours.  They loosened up enough that I decided not to return them.I have been having pain in my hip for months regardless of the shoes I wore.  It was to the point where I couldn't take a step without pain and was visibly limping.  I figured that I was just heading into the predictable aches and pains of later life ( I'm 58).  I wore the shoes to work today.  Mid-morning I realized that my hip pain was gone.  I don't mean better.  I mean gone.  I walked pain free today.Obviously neither I nor anyone else can promise that these shoes will work that well for everyone.  But I personally think that it is money well spent as an experiment.I normally wear a size 8m and that's what I bought in this shoe.  They are more snug fitting than other clogs I own in an 8m, but are comfortable.  I didn't kick them off when I came home.  Stll wearing them two hours later.  I guess that says something about the fit and comfort.  And they're not bad looking either.
B00295RJIU i like the shoes i really like the timberland fits well comfortable stylish the white is perfectlly white. it gives me the professional look i require.
B0029XG3OS Best boots The most important feature is how quickly they come off at the end of the day to go home. They have quick release laces at the top of the boot opens up to remove and put on with ease. This is a great safety feature,if you have an accident the boot come off without destroying them. These boots are high quality and have a great fit. Warning the brown boots that look similar are nowhere near the quality and fit. The only other problem the new versions do not have the quick release laces and are a pain to remove and put on.
B0029XG3OS Very nice for the price! I work maintenance in a welding shop and it's murder on boots so I spent I spent hours online looking for a good pair of BLACK workboots and finally settled on these. I love them and would definitely recommend/buy again. They are a bit heavy but they are extremely comfortable and well made.
B0029XG5N2 shoes tight in front even when you order 2e even i bought timberland before  this one sold from amazon seems have a problem with it tight  i think  they are selling that cheap i bought 69 dollars  because  it  is defective  i mean tight  thanks
B0029XG5YG Great boot Initial impression - Christ they are huge! After wearing for 10 minutes - F-ing awesome. Bought for motorcycle boots and they will without a doubt fit the bill. If I go down at 110mph the only thing they will find is my lower legs (Told the wife to save the tat). Ok these are huge boots which is what I wanted. I have a heel toe shifter if you do not and you have foot boards don't buy them as the toe will not go under without adjusting the shifter. I am very happy and expect this to be my last pair of motorcycle boots. BTW they run just a smidge to big. I wear an 11 (USA) and ordered 11.5 which worked out perfect for me.
B0029XG5YG I'm a huge fan of Timberland Pro, but I don't care for this one The metatarsal protection makes the boot overly stiff.  I really wanted to like it, but I just couldn't walk in it comfortably.
B0029XG5YG Built for a Pro! Sturdy, durable boots. Ready to take on the worst you can dish out. Good support with heavy leather construction. Thick soles give great traction on most any terrain and offer great protection from any nasty items you might chance to step on. For as heavy duty as these boots are, they still offer a very comfortable fit. Pull on a pair and kick the crap out of something today.
B002ACPO0W Still looking good Have worn these for about a year now, mostly on days when I'm MC riding, which is probably 50% of the time. They are holding up well.  Easy to keep looking good, and comfortable to wear for days on end.  Only complaint is the laces do not stay tied very well; find I have to re-tie them 2 - 3 times a day.  Perhaps they are a little too "slippery", but have not worn out, so minor irritant until they do.
B002ASAJPG Air JORDAN of Steel Toe Boots! At first it feels tight and awkwardly high on the sole like some Disco Shows.... I WORK in METAL RECYCLING and we do stuff like in demolition..... So YES I ABUSE EM! This thing breaks-in in just 1 day and is described accurately!CAUTION: Made In China and I do notice some poor stitching on the side which isn't a big deal... Don't need to whip any Chinese Shoe elf.... Just please do more QA on it.
B002ASAJPG pleased I am a electrician and the job i am at now requires alot of walking around from floor to floor troubleshooting. These boots are ideal for such a task, comfortable and light
B002ASAJPG Have a in a work order with the manufacturer My husband had about 80 hrs in on these shoes and the rubber sole is starting to detach from the leather. I have a replacement order in with the manufacturer to replace them, but I have to pay $20 just to ship them back. They say they will replace the shoe w/ any manufac. defects for the life of the shoe-I guess we will see.
B002ASAJPG would buy again really comfortable boot but if I were too give one negative it would probably be that they are a little on the heavy side...but that would not stop me from buying them again...
B002ASAJPG but wee comfortable while he had only lasted 6months, but wee comfortable while he had them
B002ASAJPG endurance pro I had a pair of other Timberlands so sizing was not an issue.  They are extremely comfortable and tough. I've recommended these to co-workers. They're worth the money and the weight
B002ASAJPG Great for working in the yard, but they are a little heavy I have to admit that I did not intend to order safety shoes. It was my fault, I didn't pay enough attention when ordering. But I liked them so much I decided to keep them even though they are a little heavy. I just think of the extra weight as free of charge leg weights!
B002ASAJPG FITS JUST RIGHT I used this shoes for about a week now and I have nothing bad to say about it. It's very comfortable and fits just right.
B002ASAJPG Heavy Duty for Sure Still trying them out but these boots are heavy. Going to take some getting used to the weight. Jury is still out.
B002ASAJPG Beware of the Soft Leather!! Super comfortable, but on day two the soft leather around the ankle separated from the stitching. Pretty disappointing!! I am now wearing a pair of Red Wings Irish Setter's... Glad the Timber's ripped!!
B002ASAJPG Timberland Haven't  worn timberlands in a real long time, so I gave these a try. They fit good and was a little worried about the break in time. I have had these on for a about a week and know problems. The one thing I could say bad about these are that they seem a little heavy.
B002ASAJPG they are okay- not great I bought these based on the positive reviews here on Amazon, but I think the optimism is somewhat unwarranted.  I also bouth them a 1/2 size large because many reviewers said they ran small.  I also disagree with this.  After this pair, I'm going back to my lightweight Red Wings- can't go wrong with them.
B002ASAJPG Boots My husband works on radars and weather systems and has to climb ladders.He has to have boots that are weather proof as well as safe from any hazards ofelectrical or solvets. They are very comfortable. He usually takes his boots off as soonas his feet hit the door at home. Not with these! He keeps them on all day!From a wife's perspective they are very nice looking and doesn't look like somethingthe cat drug in! I like the style and the leather coloring. A very attractive boot!
B002ASAJPG Better then Carhart So first i got these right here at Amazon last week for 97.00 now they are 122. lucky me. Ok i would say that these are the nicest boots i have ever owned have never used this brand before main reason i did this time was the price. Carhart does not seem to be as high qualty any more wanted something new and better i found it in these. They are a bit heavy so if your walking around all day might keep it in mind. These are well seem to be very well made.... The best part about these they stand behind there product they give you a full 30 days to try them out and if you dislike send back for a full refund how can you go wrong ? Like mine will not be sending back.
B002ASAJPG No more satisfaction! Real thing is better than virtual photos.My friends surely will beg me buy out this again.Size was exactly.
B002ASAKN2 Most comfortable work boot I have ever owned I wanted to wait a few weeks to write a review because they were a little tight at first, But even after just a couple days these boots molded into a very comfortable fit. They are very well designed, I love how quick they lace up and how water proof they are. I could really care less about how nice they look.On another note these boots are CSA approved, I am a Canadian and bought these off Amazon.com and had them shipped to my us address and just drove down to pick them up. All said and told these cost 127 USD shipping incl and had I bought them at Marks workware in BC they would have cost $270~ Canadian. They also come in half sizes in the USA unlike Marks up here.You wont regret this purchase, but I do recomend starting 1/2 Size too tightish.
B002ASAKN2 Heavy metal. I dont know what is in these puppies but the boot weighs about 5lbs...no joke. This would be good if your sitting all day or need a leg work out. I had to send them back.
B002ASAKN2 Messed up order as usual. Item provided has the correct box, but the boots inside are not the same model. As usual, they are of lessor quality. I cancel the order and demanded a refund. The boots have been sent back with the provided label. Will not order items like this from Amazon in the future. Tried of wrong items or used items being sent as new items. Joe Ledesma
B002ASAKN2 Comfortable They are very comfortable until u get to my toes. Im a size 11 but it seems as tho these are really tight and my toes are crunched slightly. Lets just say that my big toe has been completely numb since i purchased
B002ASAKN2 Amazing Amazing quality, I actually enjoy working with them. Quality at its best. I recommened them highly. Have a very good look.
B002ASAKN2 Ripped at the heel on the first week of use. I was impressed when I opened the box of these boots.I had already read about they being heavy and I gotta admit that on my first walk with them for about 2km I was tired.It improved easily on the next days so I believe I got used to the weight.However, yesterday I was putting the right foot and I held on the heel pull and inserted my feet. However my heel stuck on the upper soft leather and ripped the heel in two at the seam exposing the inner foam. I am very unhappy because I cannot see how it can be fixed, since the leather is ripped apart and there is no other good piece of soft leather that can be used to seam them back to the hard leather. Not to mention I need to find someone with a heavy duty sewing machine.I bought these during a trip to US and I live in South America. Thus I cannot return them. Cannot see how they could use so much high quality material on the boot and overlook the material of the heel padding.IF that defect didn't appear, I would rate them 4 stars. That defect takes back 2 stars.
B002ASAKN2 Comfortable!! I deliver fuel at night and have for years. I have tried or have gone through many boots along my career. I have to say after reading all the reviews, I had to try them myself.. Everybody seemed to be raving on the comfort.! Well, I have to say these boots are by far THE MOST COMFORTABLE BOOT i have ever worn, hands down! If you are unaware, they come with a 30 day comfort guarantee!
B002ASAKN2 stiff A lot stiffer than I expected. I had the titans before these and they broke in really good. This is a different shoe all together.
B002ASAKN2 Perfect The written features meet the fact. Waterproof, slip resistant, and puncture features are proven. Excellent choice for professional miners in Indonesia. Horas ma
B002ASAKN2 not sure of size description Almost all 7 2w fit very well and are very comforfortable for being on your feet allday. Not so with your 7ew. Your question for these shoes are mentined as 72w. The shoes that were delivered says 7w. Im courious if the 7w is the same size as 72w.
B002ASAKN2 Timberlands Best boats I have wearIn long time can wait until I get pay check to get a different boats, beasts boats
B002ASAKN2 Great These are very comforable for long periods of walking and standing, they are a little heavy but worth getting. The cushion in them are great. Little expensive but worth every penny.
B002ASANG6 Weird heel rub. Due to the hard rubber heel strap on these boots they are giving me blisters and I am unable to wear them.
B002CVUR58 timberland boots Huge fan of Amazon, and these boots are incrible one you.break then in.. thy are crazy comfortable.. and the wide array of colors amazon offers is second to none... Would definaey buy again
B002CVUSY8 Comments: Very hard to put on due narrow opening..  Size and quality great. That is all I have to say etc,etc......This is not a reflection of the quality and of this boot. Once it on it is very confortable to wear due to the innovative insole.  You must try a pair to see for yourself. I currently have 3 pair.  In Summary: They are difficult to slip on. Wish the opening was wider. Great Boot
B002CVUSY8 Pefect! The best shoes I've ever bought! Perfect fit, good lookin and very comfortable. Much better lookin (and feelin) then all those Austrelian boots (Blundstone, Redback etc)
B002CVUSY8 Perfect as expected, well done Timberland and amazonthis chelsea Boot what i was looking for.well and great made material and shapestrong and water proof
B002CVUSY8 wore well, then wore well for a while then it felt as though my foot was swimming. I guess no support and after eight or so hours my dogs were dead. But at first they were greta. I have another pair in black and they are wonderful/ Go figure.
B002D48WZQ Soft & comfy My son has very sensitive skin & many clothes end up going to Good Will as he can't wear them.  This shirt is very soft, no scratchy tags & fit true to size.  Was a great bargain for what I paid!
B002KQ62AE Long sleeve tye-dye T Fast delivery (even thru the snowstorm!).  Great looking shirt w/Tye dye effect.  Thank you for the prompt service!
B002MAS1O8 GR8 BOOTS FIT AS EXPECTED.  THE ROLL DOWN DOESN'T MAKE MUCH OF A NOTICE, OTHER THAN THE WEIGHT OF THE 6IN.
B002MAS1O8 maybe go .5 smaller than usual Largest pair of 11m Timberlands I've ever got.  And size 11m timberlands are all ive got.  They do appear to be completely authentic.
B002MAS1O8 Larger for me ,I'd better purchase a 7.5  2E Goodlooking and high quality but too large , it's not sold by Amazon so I think it is troublesome to change a smaller one
B002MQ8YEE Buy a whole size bigger. Love these, Im a12 but they only had 13 so for the price I said what the heck but they fit great and tons of grip like these better then some of my more expensive shoes worth buying.
B002MQ8YEE uncomfortable Not true to size and very uncomfortable.The toe of the shoe is stiff and hurts your toes.There is a reason that these shoes cheap.
B002N3IIP6 Love them Beautiful & durable, this is what I was expecting when I bought them, totally recommended, you wont regret buying this boots.
B002NEGCC6 Great Design and comfort I bought them to replace my old Timberland (similar model). I love the design and comfort.
B002NEGCC6 A little bit hard but good in general It's not a model built for high tensity activities. I use them only to walk casually with my Ts and shorts. Maybe occationally with business usual. They work perfectly. Good streamline outlook (a big improvement from its previous edition, which I own a pair, too). The only thing that could be improved is they are harder than I thought. Their previous version are very soft and really anti-fatigue (as advertised) but this one goes a little harder than necessary. So 4 star altogether.
B002NEGCC6 super shoes ;p Every day I have to walk a lot at university, this pair has made my dais more comfortable.At first I was thinking that I choosed a small one but after a few days it got the perfect fit, now I want to buy another one.
B002NEGCC6 perfect choice Comfortable and fits with everything.Very good choice!!!!Strongly recommended.I had mi doubte because of mi size(!%), but now i'm happy with mi desitionthank you!
B002NEGCC6 very ggod these shoes are very good, I like them very mucho, they are very confortable and look very well, 100% recommended
B002NEGCC6 Excellent Very pleased with these, super comfortable and good looking. They were not available in black in the UK for some reason so I ordered them from the USA, even after immport duty the price was about the same as the suede versions which are available in the UK. I tracked them all the way from Timberland in Cincinnati (sp) and they arrived within three days.It's not easy to buy shoes without seeing them in the flesh but these are one of the best pairs of shoes that I have ever purchased.
B002NEGCC6 Okay Okay shoes but it wasn't like I expected. I bought it for work but its not very comfortable or great looking. Like I said its okay.
B002NEGCC6 return box waiting on porch this shoe was claimed to be a D size which was also called M sizeBUt IT WAS notit perhaps was D width in a very narrow section like 1/2 inchbut no one'[s foot is shaped that wayas then it tapered off to the both front and rear severelyso that overall it was more like a b/c widthso the shoe must be made e.g. in chinawher ethey do this routine all the timeto save on material costse.g. with jeans they will shorten the crotch so much so that it almost castraTES YOUBUT OTHREWISE THE JEANS MAY E.G. HAVE THE RIGHT WASTE SIZE AND LENGTHBUT THAT STILL MAKES THOSE JEANS WORTHLESSWITH THE SEVERE CROTCH TOO SHORT SECTION LIKE THEY ARE GIVING YOU A WEDGIEAND WITH THESAE SHOESTHE SAME THINGTHEY MAY BE RIGHT LENGTHAND THEY HAVE A CLAIKMED EXTRA SHORT SECTIONTHAT MAY BE FOR THAT BRIEF SPACE A d WIDTHBUT THE SEVERE TAPPERING BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THAT SHORT d SECTIONMAKES THE SHOE WORTHLESSAS YOU CANT GET YOUR FOOT TO THAT SPACE DUE TO THE NARROW PASSGE BEFORE THATand that shape is like NO one's foot...and on reading instructions for returni printed out the page with bar code etcand put it inside th epackageand also taped up the package fineand also puton the outside a further copy of that page you requested be printedwith the bar codeand put that on the porchand have a UPS truck come hereand deliver 3 other packages to me from youbut the driver did not take the package waiting there for you????
B002NEGCC6 perfect for travel This shoe is well made, light weight and great for the air travel--easy to remove and put back on.  Also dressy enough for dining,quite comfortable.
B002NEGCC6 Never got my refund credit I had returned these because they were not representitive of the picture on amazon.I have still not recieved the credit to my Amazon account
B002NEGCC6 Not stylish The shoe is good, very comfort.designed for hot weather.i did not find it so stylish therefor i give it only 4 stars.
B002NEGE7E Fantastic I bought these shoes as a back stop, however they are fantastic, i normally wear these to work (very casual) but recently took them on a vacation where I could where them comfortably on the plane in a 5* Hotel and amazingly on a spring ski slope entertaing my 3 year old son for hours.. 100% water proof. for the price they are far superior than the "old" boat shoe styles...
B002NEGE7E Functional and good looking Great fit, well cushioned for extended walking.  I travel a lot and they replace 2 or 3 pairs - dress shoes in the office, casual wear for after hours and on the airplane...and in a pinch I even worked out in them but got some funny looks.Only complaint is the sole is glued vice stitched...holding up so far but I can see hints that it will be the part that fails.
B002NRC88A Solid boot, but has its issues Looks great except for white sole.  Scuffs exceptionally easily, but a good polish clears most of it up.
B002NWZU80 all right all right
B002NWZU80 Timberland Women's Lionshead Low Sport Oxford TIMBERLAND WOMEN'S 56652Having been unsuccessful in obtaining this shoe in England I obtained it from the USA.The shoes are just what I required for a vacation which will involve street and some off road walking.This is the first time I have used Amazon.com and am extremely satisfied.They arrived within 7 days and the postage was very reasonable.
B002OHEEG8 Item is fine but service is horrible. The item itself is nice but the sizing info is missleading. Item was sent back and amazon charged me the shipping costs considering it as my fault. Not recommended unless you are quite confident for choosing the correct size.
B002PK1MM8 Comfortable I have had these for a month.  Wear them on weekends.  Comfortable even when worn on gravel paths.
B002PMUFCE Comfort & Style I was specifically looking for cork flip-flops that were a little dressier (If flip-flops can be dressy). After looking everywhere, I found these. They are extremely comfortable and look great, so mission accomplished. On top of that, Timberland is at least trying to be green with there Earthkeepers line. That makes my hippie side happy. My only complaint is that they seem to run a little big.
B002PMUKKQ Stiff and not very comfortable I usually wear ecco's so I was checking out what I thought was a good brand alternative.  It wasn't very comfortable and they didn't wear well with age.  Going back to the ecco's
B002POC4V2 great shoes I really like them.  They do catch a little because of what the sole is made out of a textured rubber. But they are super comfortable.
B002PSC508 Light and strong It's durable, very comfortable and affordable. It's extremely light but strong at the same time. It's a really good choice. Thanks
B002PSC5O4 Nice! This is the first pair of water aerobics shoes that I have ever purchased & I am very pleased! I am able to put my orthotics in these & exercise away! GREAT BARGAIN!!
B002QVGQQS Not worth the price The leather has little character - thinner than most shoe leather and doesn't gain a wrinkle/worn-in look. Almost plastic looking on the side uppers. The pull tab gets in the way of pant drop so you're always lifting up your pants in the back to keep them from bunching. Overall, the design has a narrow look and less bold than a chukka with the type of lug sole this one has.  I'd be willing to pay about half the rate I've seen them go for, but there are many other nice chukka/low boot designs in black that would be preferrable.
B002QVGQQS Poor quality for Timberland Thankfully I got these at a good price because they are flimsy and wear like a slipper more than a boot of any kind. The sole is very thin and you can feel every rock and pebble on the ground.As others have noted, the pull tab on the back of the shoe (it's not even a loop) gets in the way of pant legs and you have to constantly pull down the pant leg so it is not bunching.Finally, the stitching is much more pronounced than it looks in these images. Not a huge problem, but not a style that I particularly like.
B002QVGQQS Very Good very good, I am very satisfied with my purchase, recommended.  compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.
B002QVGQQS stylish and practical This is a stylish and practical boot. I bought for my very tall ten yr old son,big feet,men's sz 7.5. He loves them. The leather is soft,durable,and of high quality. Also,he has had them several wks now,and we live in Midwest,snow,salt,and sand,not to mention younger wearer are all hard in shoes,yet I treated them with leather treatment,and they are holding up quite well,no marks or scratches,I would strongly recommend!!!!! Great purchase.
B002UJW0AC Good deal! Bought this item on sale for less than $15, and easily worth twice that amount. Wasn't too sure what to expect when I bought this, but I'm definitely happy with it. The material definitely seems to be good quality as well as the stitching. Around middle of the road as far as thickness, not super thick, and not thin... pretty much what I was looking for. It has handled the washer and dryer a couple of different times now with no issues, and hasn't shrunk or come undone. I definitely recommend it, especially if its still on sale!
B002UK1NUE just what I was hoping got this for my son at the fabulous sale price.  It arrived today and it is exactly what I was looking for.  Nothing fancy but very nice for weekend events and errands.  It looks well made and I think he'll get a lot of wear out of it
B002WB0V0E Poor quality This Tshirt was really attractive looking but the fabric is so thin and flimsy it did not stand up well at all. It looks cheap.
B002WB0V54 Absolutely disappointed... what happened to Timberland quality???? Let me say first, I love Timberland shoes and I bought Tshirts in the past, all great quality. But I recently bought 3 Timberland Tshirts directly from their site and I have to say I am totally disgusted what they sell for a premium price. Cheap, thin, flimsy shirts with poor quality print and they don't fit at all. A previous post says their XL is way too big, my XL shirts are way to small. There doesn't seem to be a standard no more. And the fabric is from the poorest quality I have ever seen. You normally find this quality only in those $3 shirts in tourist shops. But not when you pay almost $30 for a shirt from a company that is known for quality.I have no idea what has gotten into Timberland, but this is NOT!!! what I expected from them. I can only warn everyone: Do NOT buy their Tshirts online. Go to a store and check them out first, at least you know what quality you are paying for. No wonder they offer FREE RETURNS, I guess there are just too many.
B002WB0V54 never take it it is completely piece of crab.after washing, it turned to a very bad t-shirt. also, it is very big i usually wear xl , but this one is officially like a bag and not fit.
B002WJHCVC Not as advertised Item description says 83% cotton.  Item received is 45% cotton. Not at all comfortable. I was hoping for a mostly cotton sock.
B002WJHCVC Good sock but.... This product has a nice weave is well made and initially comfortable.  When walking it rotated on my foot to where the heal of the sock was on the top of my foot.  I tried washing the sock but the sock still rotated on my foot. The rotation was a major problem in my clogs, worn most of the time.  They  also rotate when I wear my hiking boots and golf shoes.  For me, and the way I walk, the fabric and weave causes the sock to be too slick on my foot.
B002WJHCX0 WOW I ALSO GOT THIS ITEM 4 MY HUSBAND HE IS ALWAYS LOOKING 4 A SOCK THAT WILL NOT RIDE UP AND STAYS IN PLACE IT ALSO KEEPS HIS FEET COOL
B002WJHD2U After the wash I can not figure on how a sock that contains no cotton shrank to the point  that it hurt around the ankles.. It became a dust rag.
B002WJHD2U As good as Smartwool Took a chance on these Timberland socks since I usually buy Smartwool. Turns out they are about identical so it would not surprise me if they are actually made by Smartwool. They feature the usual comfort and support as you would expect plus the sock stays up on my calf.I recommend washing them with a liquid softener or some sort of wool detergent because they will start to pill and fluff out after about 5 normal washings in regular detergent. It won't degrade them, just make them slightly less attractive.
B002WJHD2U GOOD PRODUCT, HALF THE PRICE @ TJ MAXX THESE SOCKS ARE AMAZING. I love them. I love them even more because I got them for $7.50 at TJ MAXX. If you just bought a pair I'd return them and go to TJ MAXX.
B002WJHD2U Affordable wool, sometimes Different batches have different wool content. The percentage varies. Also the kind of wool varies -- sometimes merino wool, sometimes non-merino wool. If you come across these in person, check the ingredients label like you're reading a box of cereal, and pick the ones with the highest percentage of merino wool, ideally. Or the highest percentage of wool, if Merino is not mentioned. Color also varies quite a bit between batches. Timberland dumps previous years socks to discount stores, so look for good prices.
B002XKJXD0 Sturdy and easy to clean They are actually very hard to put on my toddler. I bought them for Chicago winters but his feet remain freezing.
B002XKJXD0 so bad i had recieved the wrong item, wrong size, and third party company did solve it with me in good way
B002YD88WI also smell terrible Actually my husband bought these shoes...he has worn several pairs of Timberland shoes and says they are really comfortable...but these smell terrible.  I make him put them in the closet with the door shut.  I will call them tomorrow, but we probably will just throw them out...I can't take it anymore!
B002YOMJPY e- reguler right rubber sole is off line bottom rubber is to much to the right side rubber sole and leather don't meet up properly but you get what you pay for.it better to shop at a store. the picture don't tell you everything..
B002YOMJPY Greats! Greats! very good, water resist, that exact what i looking of, comfortable, beautiful, and durable, thanks you, Keep Walking! ;)
B002YOMJPY Sizing is good Fit perfect, I wear 11 in boots and 11.5 in Nike. Bought an 11 and was spot on. I bought for motorcycle and had to cut tread knobs from arch as it was catching on foot pegs. no biggy,
B002YOMJPY very cheaply made & not what i expected from timberland. Timberland was once a great company but has lost their way. these boots are very cheaply made in vietnam. the soles of these boots have a very light plastic feel to them & not a rubber sole as i would expect from timberland & the price i paid for them. the leather upper as they call it is also very cheap made. i will no longer be a customer of timberland if this is the best they can do & sell product made overseas with this cheap quality.
B002YOMJPY Awesone These are very comfortable. Feet get a little cold but are tolerable. I would definitely buy them again and would recommend them too.
B002YOMJPY good boot Works well when worn with my Kilt. I am a satisfied buyer. Dear Amazon: whay do you force me to write more that I care to write? Perhaps I'll quit this nonsense of writing reviews.
B002YOMJPY Crappy design. Rubs the back of my calf raw, wish I wouldn't have bought them without trying them on first. Won't do this again.
B002YOMJPY 1 hour in and so far feels fine ... 1 hour in and so far feels fine ... I'm troubled by having to say more than I intended ...
B002YOMJPY .Esplendid shoes!!! I wear size 10 1/2, and this shoes are very comfortable, I walked two miles into a preserve , 1.7 mile of trail, another two miles back to the bus stop and my feet didn't hurt at all. I wised I had that type  of footwear when I was in the military, it would had help me a lot. I will recommend this type of footwear to anyone who like to hike or does photography in different rustic areas.
B002YOMJPY Work Boots, clever title huh I bought these for when I have to go to my companies recycling center to train someone. They provided greater traction than my dress shoes and my sneakers and were super comfortable after they were broken in. I still occasionally wear them instead of my dress shoes and since they are black no one notices.
B002YOMJPY Light weight The fit is good and they are light weight. I cant say the same for the laces, they are constantly coming untied, might have to change to different type!
B002YOMJPY He can walk again My husband had surgery on his left foot, it as smashed while on the job and broke all the bones. He finds that this boot gives him the support he needs, he wears them even with his suits. He was a military man and can shine the shoes to the point of making the entire surface of the boot to shine..He owns several pairs. I hope this style is always available for him.
B002YOMJPY Helps with ankle issues I had rolled one of my ankles a few years ago which resulted in a minor fracture and tear. Low ankle boots/shoes simply resulted in me having ankle problems when walking or just standing for long periods of time. After purchasing these I have had much less ankle problems and also, so far, have not had any issues with foot pain. I expected a lot from Timberland boots and I got what I expected. A great product.
B002YOMJPY They are very comfortable and fit me very well They are very comfortable, and fit me very well. And that is it that I have to say oki doki
B002YOMJPY Fantastic boot for this price They are not designed for hours outside in 9 degree weather but they look great and are so much better than sneakers this sloshy time of year.  Very comfortable and surprisingly light weight for such solid construction.
B002YOMJPY I recommend these They look great, fit well and are much lighter than they look.Not much padding in the bottom, but I add extra anyway, so that is not an issue.
B002YOMJPY satisfy  with the purchased...,, I would recommended  to any body working for UPS. best for cold weather ,,,.,,very comfortable... durable. bla bla bla bla ect
B002YOMJPY Light and extremely comfortable. I was skeptical about the size but it fits like a glove. It's light and matches everything in my wardrobe ( tees and jeans).I recommend this one for hiking and running from the cops.
B002YOMJPY I like it. It is a nice pair of shoes. When you have feet the size of mine (15 EE), buying shoes is less a science and more the art of compromise. Over the years, I have come to accept that I will not get exactly what I want unless I spend some enormous amount of money. So finding something that works starts with a lowering of expectations right off the bat. However, I will add that as internet shopping has become more common, finding large size shoes has become less of a hassle overall.For this pair, I started with the brand name. Timberland has a solid reputation, so that helped quite a bit. The style (a walking boot with ankle support) was just what I wanted. Also, given that it appeared this was a model that was out of production or having been upgraded, the price was right. I added to the order Spenco 4315800 Arch Supports (Orthotic 3/4 Length) which made the fit even better. Now after a few weeks, I would say they are great for the cost. Maybe a tad uncomfortable at times, but I can wear them all day without any soreness. The tread has enough bite to deal with snow and such. .Overall, the shoe just feels solid and is fine for me and my needs. Maybe others might have different experience, but from my standpoint - compared to the nightmare of shoe buying as it used to be - this was a breeze and the shoe I received is terrific. Also, the price was very much right.So yeah. It works for me.
B002YOMJPY QC lapse Shoes are light and fit well however, noticed after first day of wearing them that the sole adhesion is already failing at the toe contour hence 2 star. Will update upon any feedback.
B002YOMJPY i love timberland and these might be my favorite pair yet, only time will tell if the are as durable but knowing the brand i have littl doubt
B002YOMJPY hi i m very excited by those boots. i will buy more stuff ! i gave you 5 stars for everything.
B002YOMJPY OK Its okay my pinky toe is hurting soes are not soft ..maybe it part of the breaking in process ..well see
B002YOMJPY You get the quality expected from Timberland I bought this for my son who works in a kitchen. It took sometime for him to get used to them. They were pretty stiff. Also I would not recommend them for working in an area where there is a risk of something heavy falling on your feet the top front is not reinforced enough. Other than that great quality boots
B002YOMJPY Just what I needed.... Fits just fine. My 10 year old where's them and he like them a lot. He has norrow feet but fits non the less.
B002YOMJPY Awsome I was kinda worried about ordering a boot online. I put them on as soon as i got them and i don't wear any other pair of shoes.
B002YOMJPY cheap looking fit as expected but the material and made looks cheap, i would not have bought it if I have seen it.
B002YOMJPY as expected not bad at all!
B002YOMJPY A little tight but worn in fast They started a little tight but worn in to my foot very quickly. I never got blisters or any thing that makes them unconformable. Love them and would recommend them to my friends
B002YOMJPY Handle The boots are fine, even that they are a little bigger thant the apper at the picture. Even son they are fine.Did not like that they send mi these shoes in the original box, inside one bigger, so the weight was a lot more.  I HAVE TO PAY more money just a stupid box. Not cool!
B002YOMJPY Used for office environment Not really used for outdoors but I like the comfort and style of these shoes in the office environment.  I have been using Timberlands for the last 15 years just for work and these are way better than the higher priced Oakleys.
B002YOMJPY Like it Hi~Thing to see only photos, and to live the shoes is dangerous.However, to run the adventure, I'm happy to now.
B002YOMJPY ok There comfortable but had to be broken in because one side was tighter then the other. It does the job
B002YOMJPY looks cheap looks cheap did not look leathery just one does style that looked very cheaply made I would not one I sent it back regeck
B002YOMJPY Question Does anyone know if these are Metal Detector friendly??  I work in an environment where I need to clear a metal detector daily, I prefer to keep my boots on.thanks,
B002YOMJPY achilles heel very uncomfortable and a little painful against the achilles heel. i found that lacing under the 2 top hooks and leaving them alone alleviated the discomfort. kind of aggravating. but as far as quality, they are attractive and durable.
B002YOMJPY Junk Falling apart after 38 days easy use the sole has decided it wants to go home to China and started peeling...BAD...You can see a huge gap.. this is Not from down in the trenches, they are work dress shoes! Cant dress like this! Look like bum..Thanks China! We all see you soon. Sincerely, Round Eye
B002YOMJPY Very helpful for rain This item is very helpful for people where is usually rain.I like it!I hope it can were a long time.
B002YOMJPY Design gabardine. Seating, cheap and good price. Design gabardine. Seating, cheap and good price light.  260mm =  8 &1/2 inch .goodI will buy it next chance
B002YOMJPY &#23612;&#29595;&#38795;&#23376;&#36824;&#26159;&#19981;&#38169;&#30340;&#65281;&#20013;&#22269;&#20154;&#30340;&#25163;&#24037;&#36824;&#26159;&#38750;&#24120;&#22909;&#65281; Nima This shoe is good, although that is made &#8203;&#8203;in China and then shipped to the United States, and from then on I buy U.S. shopping site, which seems to point out the problem!
B002YOOEK2 don't do it the worst pair of Timberlands I have ever purchased; the leather feels more like rubber and it looks ugly, the pictures do not reflect with this really looks like. Extremely disappointed, I wish I could get my money back, life.
B002YOS9JO Rip off plain and simple Not what I expected at all!!! This is a knockoff to the original boot!!! I am so disappointed as this is not a original timberland! I own many pairs of timberland and this is a inferior quality to what I have ! What a rip off  I am thinking about refunding
B002ZCKJBQ Ok Ok my son liked but little small for then rsrsrsrsrs but I can keep thank you timberland ok ok ok
B0031EJVU2 Great and light.... Xmas present for husband he loved them super fast shipping anf very light weight.  He said they are comfortable and very light on the get...pat on my back good purchase
B0031EJVU2 noT NEW THE FACT THAT IT CAME WITH THE SUAVE KINDA FLAT OUT IT DIDNT EVEN LOOK FRESH IT LOOKED AS IF THEY WERE SQUASH BEFORE AND MESSED THE SUAVE  UP NOT RECOMEND THIS SELLER AT ALL
B0031EJVU2 Impressed He was very pleased to have received these. They fit him well, and he wears them a lot. I am satisfied. :)
B0031ENE6O Very well fitted, and great Goretex protection. I've been using my Cadions for a bout a year and will say they are one of the better fitted and supportive trail shoes I have worn in a while. The moisture protection is terrific and you will see that the Goretex lining inside has great coverage. The Shoe runs a bit narrow so if you have a very wide foot, you may have to look elsewhere.But as a daily user I can honestly say the comfort level is very, very good.
B0031ENE6O A lot of bang for your buck;  As the budgie says, "cheep"! UPDATE TO ORIGINAL REVIEW: 3-2-11. wore these for 3 day, where the rubber creases across the toe as you stride out it squashes down on my small toe nail. bad bruising on both small toes. as a way to get around I would suggest purchasing half a size larger.FIT: very accurate for me size 13.WIDTH: medium to just under, not like the new timberland M. foot doesn't move about in the front. contours well around the heal.WEIGHT: same as a pair of basketball boots from the 1990's.SOLE: the sole with heal give good grip, the back of the heal is hard plastic for a clamp-on, very good.The GUSSET, internally stamped with the gore-tex brand so you can see how high the membrane comes up, very good. Non rubbing neoprene collar. In total black you could climb a mountain, brush them off, and go to dinner and no one would blink an eye. If your traveling with one pair of shoes these are a solid option.It is a modern Timberland made in China. But more accurately than that, your buying Vibram and Gore-tex for $82. (i paid in post Christmas sale)This boot; punches well above its weight.
B0031U0Z9W military timberland.. awesome. I purchased timberland military jacket, dusty khaki...for a great value 45 bucks, I was looking for the green one but I guess the dusty Khaki was the right color I've been looking for, great for outdoor & casual wear, I guess I have 3 timberland jackets already because of their ruggedly neat design...you cannot ask for more...beautiful jacket.
B0034G54BM Great Timberland quality but maybe they should stick to ankle boots To put it simply I like these boots alot only 2 things I don't like. They are very narrow. I have slim feet and they were tight on me. The length is good though. The 2nd thing is that they just don't want to stay up. I have slim legs and have them on the smallest notch but they still side down.They are tough looking and I love that. They look great. Worth every penny. I can deal with the narrowness and sliding down.Ooh and I got them for 30% off so that helps lol.
B0034G54BM Timberland I disliked the quality of the suede and would not have ordered if I knew the surface was so rough.
B0034G54BM Had to send back... I loved the look of these in the pictures, and when they got reduced even further, I had to have them!  I was so disappointed when I tried them on though, because the heel width was so loose that they moved up and down when I walked.  I knew if I wore them for any length of time I would have had blisters from the constant rubbing. The other thing I found surprising was that the suede on the inside of the boot was way nicer than the suede on the outside!  Oh well.
B0034G54BM Beautiful Boots! I bought these for my 20 year old daughter. They are great quality, beautiful, and comfortable. What more could I ask? Also, Timberland is a great company that incorporates community service into their business model. Nice!!!
B0034G54BM Darla I bought these boots because I love the look with the belts and I need a flat heel. I was SO disappointed when I tried them on. I'm a 8W and I could not get my feet inside the boot even with the zipper open all the way and no socks on. They have an extremely low instep. I would have given them 5 stars if they were a proper fit.
B0034G54BM Stitching on the boot opening on top I wanted to wear these boots with leggings or stockings and the stitching at the top is very rough and snagged my leggings or stockings.  Basically ripping them.  If you have pants that are knitted, forget about these boots.  The stitching at the top is not refined and smooth. I returned mine.
B0034G54BM Boots! J'ai aim&eacute; le design, mais la taille est assez juste pour mes pieds, que je ne saurais pas les mettre avec des chaussettes &eacute;paisses. Sinon, elles sont comme je l'esp&eacute;rait , Nice boots !
B0034G54BM Just what I had hoped for... These boots are amazing in comfort and style. I have worn them twice now since receiving them in the mail, only a week ago.  They can be dressed up or down.  Love them to pieces. I live in AK and the weather is not pleasant and sometimes heals just don't cut it. Adding these boots to my waredrobe is a plus plus!
B0034G54BM nice fashionable boots Sizing posted is correct.  I just clicked the wrong one.  I was supposed to select 9.5W.  I exchanged the product and Amazon sent the correct pair within 2 days.  The correct size fits my feet wonderfully.  Good sell from Amazon.
B0034G54BM Nice fit but the leather is not up to the usual Timberland standard The fit was wonderful but the leather did not meet expectations, and the seller Papashoe delivers quickly but makes refunds very difficult. Although I followed the proceedure to the letter its now more than 40 days later and I have no refund.
B0034G54BM Not what I thought I read the reviews and saw they were mostly good.  There were a few bad ones but I thought I'd try them.  I got them in the mail, opened the box took one look and mailed them right back.  Not what I expected from Timberland at all.  They were cheaply made the leather was poor quality, and there was no liner in the boot at all.  I've never purchased a pair of boots that had no liner in them.  I bought a different pair of Timberland riding boot that was very happy with so I was disappointed to have to send these ones back.
B0034G54BM Everyday boots Love them even more 2 weeks into wearing them, they're more relaxed, slouchy, casual looking with a hip, classy twist.  The heel is comfortable and low, the calf is accomodating and I could wear these all day - even walked the zoo in them.  And I'm a tennis shoe girl!  Very hip boots, own black and brown now.
B0034G54BM Nice boots!Nice boots! &#19996;&#35199;&#24456;&#19981;&#38169;&#65292;&#23601;&#26159;&#21457;&#36135;&#37325;&#37327;5.3&#30917;&#65292;&#19968;&#20010;&#21448;&#22823;&#21448;&#37325;&#30340;&#31665;&#23376;&#22871;&#22312;&#24040;&#22823;&#30340;&#38795;&#30418;&#19978;&#65292;&#36816;&#36153;&#24863;&#20154;,&#35201;&#20080;&#30340;&#35805;&#24314;&#35758;&#36208;&#19981;&#35201;&#20307;&#31215;&#37325;&#30340;&#36716;&#36816;&#12290;&#35828;&#35828;&#38795;&#23376;&#65292;&#38795;&#23376;&#26412;&#36523;&#19981;&#31639;&#37325;&#65292;&#30382;&#36136;&#24456;&#36719;&#65292;&#31359;&#30528;&#24456;&#33298;&#26381;&#65292;&#33050;&#38271;23CM&#65292;&#23485;8CM&#65292;&#20080;&#30340;6&#30721;M&#23485;&#65292;&#27491;&#22909;&#21512;&#33050;.&#34429;&#28982;&#20010;&#20154;&#24863;&#35273;&#38795;&#24213;&#26448;&#26009;&#21487;&#33021;&#19981;&#22826;&#32784;&#30952;&#12290;&#20294;&#26159;&#20381;&#28982;&#26159;&#21452;&#24456;&#22909;&#30340;&#38271;&#38772;Got these for my girlfriend and she really likes them.&#65292;  I ordered an 6 medium&#65292;they are totally comfy. It was a very good purchase!
B0034G54BM Starts out a little snug in the foot width.. Fix was as expected but that is because I already own this boot in brown. Starts out tight in the foot width but stretches after a couple wears and is now perfect!
B0034G558E Comfortable, non-slip, but not as durable as expected. This boot is very comfortable, warm (despite not having an inner lining) and non-slip. It is NOT knee-high, reaching to lower-mid calve (and I am 5'4''. It fits well, the laces and buckle are adjustable (a plus), and the zipper is durable. I have not slipped once on my 1.5 mile trek through Chicago's snow and slush, and the boots have been water-proof so far. The leather is wonderfully soft and, I reiterate, warm.I have two complaints. One, they are not as tall as advertized. Two, the heel is made of a cheap, impressionable wood that has already chipped after one week. In addition, the glue used to secure the no-slip rubber to this wooden heel is coming unstuck after only one week of Chicago weather.
B0034G558E For my wife The shoe is very comfortable but not for the extreme cold 38F  or 0 C as we live in Ukraine.
B0034G558E So much potential, but... I really want to like and keep these boots. I bought the black colour. They were 30% off which made them much more appealing at the time, but I will be returning them shortly. I should have believed other reviewers who commented that they were true to size. I am a solid 8.5 for most boots and shoes (other than athletic) and ordered a 9. They are too big.In terms of quality, they just aren't what I was expecting for a Timberland product. I've pined over other Timberland boots in the past when I've seen them displayed in a store, but these don't seem as well made or solid compared to what I'm used to seeing with this brand.I'm thinking of ordering the knee high version of these which I've seen in person... truthfully, they are what I should have sprung for in the first place.
B0034G558E Lovely! 5 stars for how well it fits, how comfortable it is, and how gorgeous it looks!It actually doesn't get wet inside!
B0034G558E Lots of compliments These are great boots, I can wear for several hours without a problem, nice heeI; not too high.  I only wish they were a little shinier but that is just my own personal preference.
B0034G558E REceived Cheap Brickelles boots in a Timberland box HUGELY disappointed!!!! The boots that I received are cheap, pleather, Brickelle's boots, and they came in a Timberland box. These are being sent back, and I am really upset !!! I did not even try them on. I didn't Pay $110 for pleather crap !!
B0034G558E Great for walking and riding I got these boots mainly for riding my motorcycle, since they're leather and have good ankle support and traction. I love them! They're super comfy to wear walking around, and they're great in the rain. The only issue for riding is the laces: no matter how I tie them (double knotted, tucked into the boot) they come untied while I'm on my bike unless I wear my jeans over the top of them. I'll probably have to replace the laces.
B0034G558E Cutest Boots! I am wearing them right now! They are so comfortable and adorable! That 1 inch heel is just enough to make me look a bit taller and leaner. I wore them on Thanksgiving and received many compliments from family and friends. Love them!
B0034G558E Love them! These boots are so cool!  They were comfortable from the first time I wore them!  I am 47 and I think they are totally appropriate for my age or any age!
B0034G558E big s*** i bout them 2 month ago, i just used them 4 to 3 times and the boots it is already brazen
B0034G558E beautiful good deal. bought them for my mom she loved them at first sight. personally i love the colour and the style and how they were crafted(pretty muvh everything). i can imagine girls of different ages walking in them!
B0034G558E Love these! I have wide feet but the reviews sounded positive for that so I got the 8M, and they're great.  Adorable, surprisingly comfortable, and sturdy, I wear them out dancing regularly.  Thanks!
B0034G558E Adorable, comfortable and BADLY MADE I loved these boots when I saw them online, I loved them when they arrived and I tried them on, and I loved wearing them the half-dozen or so times I have done so. What I don't love is that the heel is already peeling off! I can't believe that such a reputable brand as Timberland, which I think of as having high standards for quality, would sell such a poorly-manufactured item. Unfortunately as they have already been worn several times they cannot be returned. Very, very disappointing!
B0034G558E my 3rd pair these are my favorite boots for travel. Always comfortable for walking all day. Easy off for getting on the plane. Dressy and funky.
B0034G558E QUALITY. These look like they will last forever. Timberland always provides quality products. These boots are no exception. The treads on the quality rubber soles are what we need living in icy conditions. The zipper on the side provides quick on and off. They look quality, they are quality. Thank you Timberland!
B0034G558E Stylish Boots I tried it in a store at the mall near my place. Loved it at first sight. It's expensive if I buy these boots at original price which is $180. But I got them online with $99. Definitely worth the price cuz they're Timbs! Real leather lasts forever lol
B0034G558E Trendy Boot I bought these for my daughter who is very hard on shoes. These are very substantial and stylish enough for a teenager.
B0034G5IPY These are NOT white as advertised! On the plus side they are warm and comfortable, and they are nice looking and waterproof, but these boots have a smooth SUEDELIKE finish which I didn't expect, and are more gray-beige than white. I was extremely disappointed in that.I also had trouble getting them on. I bought a wide size but still had to cut the stitching to allow my foot to get through the ankle area, use a hole punch to attach a button, and loop the elastic around it to close the resulting gap!Had I seen these in a store I wouldn't have bought them. I kept them because I knew how to make them fit, but most people won't want the bother. Large ankle-heel circumference? Don't buy these.
B0034G5KAC not what i thought I wanted to like these so much and they did look beautiful in the box. But, when I put them on they slouched down so much that they looked weird. I wanted a stiff boot, not a slouch so I returned them. I bought the Timberland Savin Hill tall boot instead which was perfect...stiffer, no slouch and great for everyday. Very happy with those.
B0034G5KAC beautiful These arrived quickly (ordered on 24th, received on 28th). These boots are true to fit and true to image. Beautiful! They are a little stiff at first, but after wearing a few times, as with many shoes, conform to one's feet.
B0034G5KAC Great Boots I tried a similar pair of Timberlands on in a store here in NZ, they were $450!I checked amazon to see what options they had, these were very similar and in fact i like them better. The grip on the shoes was the draw card for me, with icy conditions in winter i was slip sliding around. Now i have a better chance of not slipping over!!The leather is obviously very firm and good quality, so expect them to be tight around the feet. i have worn mine for 4 days and they are softening up and shaping well to my foot. It was a bit of a squeeeeze the first time i put them on, but didn't take as long as expected to mold to my foot.i would definitely recommend these boots. Genuine good quality leather, great grip on the sole, and excellent value for money!!
B0034G5KAC Beautiful and functional Bought these for my daughter for Christmas and loved them so much I am ordering some for myself.  They are well-made, comfortable and beautifully functional.  She walked for 6 miles on an excercise trail in these without complaint when they were only 2 days old.  Really well padded inside, nice rubber grips on soles and beautiful leather.  They are lovely and I can't wait for mine.
B0034G5KAC trying to figure out they don't fell like authentic timberland boots are they? can u plz tell me if they are or not.  Thank you
B0034G5KAC Cheap leather, not as pictured I purchased these thinking, YES! Finally an answer to my boot desiring prayers. When they arrived, it was more of a dull, floppy, sad nightmare. I have skinny calves, and these bunched, and sagged, and just looked sad on. I immediately returned them. The leather in the picture looks shiny, and of good quality. When I got them the shiny leather areas were pretty dull, and the suede was dirty looking. I'm sure other's have had difference experiences, but mine, left a lot to be desired.
B0034G5KAC Very happy Was a little unsure when I ordered these and wow was I pleasantly surprised - I love them! They are comfortable and very nicely made. Even though I ordered my size, and they did fit, I found they slipped a little in the heel. Went out and bought some orthodic inserts and the problem was solved.
B0034G5KAC Drop Dead Gorgeoussss boots!! Timberland Women's 23699 Earthkeepers Bethel Boot,Brown ,9.5 M US  are the bomb!  I LOVE these boots.  I recommend them without a reservation.  The leather smells great, and they look wonderful.  I also got them on sale, so I cannot complain about that!
B0034XRXDC Super hyper comfortable Super hyper comfortable. Although shoes are a bit heavy really comfort mitigates this and really look like they were barefoot. I recommend it for office work, or daily.
B0034XRYQ8 Came apart at seams under less that 10 miles. I bought it from 'Shoemania' on December 5, 2011. Almost a week back, the right shoe started opening at seams. I'm a scientist by profession and spend my days standing in my lab wearing sneakers. I have not walked in these boots for more than 10 miles. It was never wet and it's not possible to run in them.Seller's policy exempted them from A to Z Guarantee and I'm waiting to hear from Timberland now. If you are really interested in Timberland boots, you may want to look at Timberland's website because they're offering free shipping and returns on quite a lot of eligible returns and the customer service that comes with the purchase is a bonus.
B0034XRYQ8 Comfort Not as comfortable as I had expected.  The sole is thin and shallow, the leather and stitching average.  Ok for the price I paid for them.
B0034XS2G4 five star shopping experience Thank you amazon for the wonderful service you have exceeded all my expectations, my shoes got to me just in time and they were exactly the way they were described.thank you.
B0034XS2G4 Timberland Men's City Adventure - City Endurance Plain Toe Oxford, Black Smooth They are a few shoes of excellent design and quality, but lamentably they did not send the height that pedi, since number buys 11 but mas broad. Since I have thick enough feet and me it was difficult to me to adapt very much to these shoes.
B0034XS2G4 Great comfort shoes for your feet and walking I live in New Zealand.Hesitated at first to know that the delivery would take over 2 weeks to get to down under.(Ordered on 18th of March and got it 3rd of April)Turned out that It is ABSOLUTELY worth waiting for. :)It fits beautifully and perfectly.Design and color is better than the pictures on the web.Comfort as it is described.This would be recommendable to anyone who wants good style shoes with comfort.Two thumbs up!
B0034XS2G4 Sizing is Way Off I can't speak for the smaller sizes but I ordered a 13M, and as soon as I pulled these out of the box they immediately looked like they were a narrow version of an 11 or 12. After undoing all the laces I could just barely squeeze my feet into them. The bottoms and insoles were OK and didn't hit any pressure points on the bottom of my feet (which is why it's getting 2 stars instead of 1), but the rest of the shoe was extremely tight and there was no room for my toes, which made walking painful. I'm going to be returning them now.
B0034XS2WS Try it on first! I have been buying Timberland shoes for a decade now and absolutely fell in love with their shoes from the first moment I tried them on.  They felt like they were made for my feet!  The City Adventure-City-Endurance Slip-On appeared to be the closest in style to a discontinued show that was the most comfortable footwear I ever experienced (the Timberland Fisherman sandal continues to use the sole of the shoe & the fit remains superb!)I had been eyeing this shoe for a while & trying to locate a pair in a store to try it on, but to no avail.  Finally I broke down & bought a pair online.  When I tried them on they fit TIGHT.  As a previous pair that was similar seemed to break-in after wearing a couple times I thought these would.  Nope.  They aren't bad if wearing a thin sock, but with a regular socks they are way too tight.  The fit is so different it is difficult to believe these are made by the same company.  If I had not warn these outside in an attempt to stretch them, they would have been returned.  Very disappointing.
B0034XS2WS Sole survivor....barely... I searched desperately for a decent, comfortable, weatherproof pair of slip-on shoes.  First bought two pairs (different manufacturer, same style) from major outdoor vendors and returned both: size and quality not good at all.  So then I purchased these.  I have size 12W feet and have had since I was 18.  But I've noticed at trend in recent years as production has gone overseas to India, Pakistan, China, et. al. that foreign "sizing" has only a passing acquaintance with reality.  So I ordered the largest size available: 13W.As soon as they arrived I unpacked them, bent them, stretched them and tried to "slip" them on.  No luck. Very tight across the bridge and insole.  Nonetheless I forced them on and wore them relentlessly for several days in the futile hope that they would stretch out.  Not a chance.Having invested in over $200 worth of shoes (and countless hours) with two separate vendors, I decided I had nothing to lose. I took scissors and cut out the web material that prevented the shoe upper from flexing and allowing my foot to "slip" into the shoe.  Voila!  Not perfect, but a 95% improvement. At least now I can wriggle my foot in most of the time without having to bend down and shoehorn it on.  The "web" material sewn into the shoe does not flex or expand and serves no purpose; the manufacturer might as well have simply cut the leather to fill in the gap.Once the shoes are on, they're below average in appearance and quality. When I walk my dogs on our gravel road I can feel the stones through the sole. The only reason I didn't return them is because I was worn down by multiple purchases/returns and badly needed a pair of shoes with which to go on vacation.Flatly stated: they're poor quality, sizing runs very small, bad design, bad finish, and aren't worth half the asking price. I doubt even discount shoe stores and big box retailers would want to stock them.Other than that, they're fine...
B0034XS48K Timberland Chukka These are cheaply made and run a full size too large. You get what you pay for I guess. These remind me of something that would be worn in eastern Europe.. I ended up getting a pair of Red Wing Beckmans. (Cost a lot more but well worth the money.)
B0034XS48K Great winter boot for the office! If I had budgeted myself another $50, I probably would have gotten the Mt Washington slip-ons instead, but I am very happy with these.  Awesome traction, the lugs are hidden under the lip so they look dressy enough.  It is nice to have boots that work for the office, and can stand up to the worst that winter can throw at you.
B0034XS4OY Check your sizes I really like the styling and construction of this shoe, but found the sizing to be significantly different than other shoe purchases at Amazon.  I've worn 11W in everything from Florsheims to Dockers, but these ran quite a bit larger.  I found another style locally, and found the 10.5 M was a perfect fit.  Check your size before you order, or your savings may disappear.
B0034XS4OY Poorly build and least comfortable oxford from Timberland I have been wearing these shoes for two weeks now. Unlike previous Timberland Oxford versions. These ones bring a lot of heat to the feet. The achille notch / heel tab is rough enough to irritate the achille-tendon. For some reason they also cause back pain. BTW, I am a 25 yr old male. I am not complaining of back pain because of my sixties. I should have returned these shoes; unfortunately I could not because I flew with them to Africa. Nevertheless, they look good and I have gotten a lot of compliments.
B0034XS4OY Was it a fake I wonder? The shoes outsole has a defect in design!!! Guys, I was fooled around by the look and Timberland brand, but simply lost my money. The good rugged look was a decoy! The thick and rugged outsole which promised a long life was actually a mummy with a lot of make-up looking like a sweet bride. After several month of wear the outsole rubber spikes started to gradually wear down which is completely normal so I paid no attention to it until I walked over some puddles after rain and had wet my socks. I was astonished to see that those rubber spikes got a number of holes in each of them due to the simple wear. It looked like a mould for the outsole was done massively looking from the outside, but inside the every so called spike was not solid, but hollow and contained just thin air to save the manufacturer the resin and thus cut the production cost. What is the reason to waste good leather for the shoes if their outsole becomes a ruin after just several months of use? You can't fool the people offering them a concept of a shoe, but not the shoe. Pity I can't paste a pic of the damaged outsole in here for the Timberland guys to see what kind of product they produce.
B0034XS4OY Lowered Quality I have been wearing this type of Timberland casual oxford for years. The quality was great and they lasted. My favorite style was discontinued so I chose this to replace it. Within two months the leather around the collar of the shoe began to flake off. They look awful now. A quick look showed me that the shoes I enjoyed with the great quality were made in Vietnam. This new model is made in, you guessed it, China. I will be trying other brands.
B0034XS4OY Comfortable, versatile, chic, acceptably inexpensive. I wear them frequently; even to the office at casual attire days.  Several friends asked me the details (brand, model, where to buy, etc.).  I like to take long city walks and these shoes are good companions too.  They are more robust than they look.  Furtermore, no hard times for keeping them in good shape.  The oiled leather gets satisfied with a nominal care.
B0034XS4OY Timberland City Adventure I am a timberland lover. This shoes are really comfortable, 9w are perfect for my 27 cms feet and i like how they look with jeans.
B0034XS4OY i like my new Timberland - City Adventure Stormbuck Plain Toe Oxford :) although it was my first time ever to buy a pair of shoes online before trying them on first....i like my new toy :)
B0034XS4OY Casual but not too casual? Pro:- Fit my slightly wide feet great- Look good enough to wear with khaki's and a button up- Nice thick treads grip wellCon:- Easy to nick up the exteriorI happen to like the fit and style of Timberland's shoes so I would recommend these.
B0034XS4OY Not what I expected I had a pair of the Timberland Lake Toya oxfords that were probably the best casual shoes I've ever owned. I needed to replace them, and these looked good. However, these shoes fit all wrong; the top of the toe box was too tight (I've never had that happen before) and each shoe felt like it had slightly different dimensions. I had to pay to ship it back to Amazon, which makes me wish I had ordered from Zappo's. Maybe my pair was irregular, but I still recommend you try these on in person or order from somewhere with free returns.
B0034XS4OY Treat yourself to serious comfort Yep, I must confess I am in love with these Timberland shoes. In fact, I'm pretty much sold on the company's whole darned footwear oeuvre. Always have been, always will be. Excellent, sturdy construction, great comfort, and they manage to make an unrelentingly awkward dope like me look stylish. I got these in black and now i'm finding more and more excuses to wear them multiple times weekly. Yes, even to bed. do yourself a favor and nab a pair. You'll love 'em.
B0034XS4OY hurt me so hard,be cautious if you're an asian first of all ,I should statement that I'm an asian.As you know,the asians' feet may be very different from the white men's in shape,so I doubt that's why my heel is hurt so hard.the skin around my heels is rubbed away,not very large,but it's very painful untill now.What I want to say is that you should be more cautious to buy the shoes if you're an asian.
B0035LD1N4 GOOD STUFF the boots are very confortable... it be used as casual or sporty. in any occasion the confort will show the difference.
B0035LD1X4 Cupsule chukka Decent chukka fairly comfortable and require some break in time. Sizing seems a little big maybe it's just me but I wish I wold have gotten the next size down but I have a somewhat oddly shaped foot. The durability seems fairly decent there is a few places where the sole is glued on to the rest of the show that looks like it may be separating but I'm extremely hard on shoes.
B0035LD2II Another great product from Timberland Love the comfort and soft leather, though a little tight to put on as compared to my R.M.Williams (not comparing apple to apple anyway).Still going strong after wearing it for 2 years.Non-slip sole, great leather, and I like the cap toe design, which differ from my other chelsea. First Timberland chelsea boots, had been wearing Blundstone and R.M. Williams chelsea boot all the while, they all wear differently.
B0035LD2II Fantastic They were much better than I expected.Very light and with flexible outsoles, it feels like you are wearing sneakers.Definitely worth their price and some.The only tiny little bad thing is that they become a little lose after one month or so, but that is kind of expected since it is genuine leather.
B0035LD2X8 Recommended Shoes comfortable, durable and stylish. The only defect: slip on wet surfaces. They are perfect to be worn with casual clothes every day, but it does not disfigure even with the most sought after clothing. Good buy.
B0035LD2X8 Can't go wrong This is the 2nd version of this shoe that I've bought. Simply a well made, all-around, functional, boot. Go for it, and the price on Amazon was better than every other site I've gone to.
B0037CW26I Fit as expected They are good and comfortable they recommend.Timberland Men's Venetian Driving Moccasin,Brunished Brown,7 M US.Very good.Fit as expected.Very nice.Timberland Men's Venetian Driving Moccasin,Brunished Brown,7 M US
B0037CW26I Long Walks = AVOID! I bought these for a trip to Italy. I thought they'd be comfy but I felt ever single nook and cranny from the cobblestone. They have ZERO stiffness so if you plan on walking for more than 30 minutes in these, I'd skip them because they will start to hurt.
B0037L0ED2 been looking for these shoes. very satisfied.my husband love them. looking forward to doing more business with you.just what he was looking for.thanks for your business.
B0037PYYM0 Timberland Men's Classic Fit Denim,Lt Denim,34x30 Quite very well and in perfect condicviones.Todo muy bien y en perfectas condicviones.Atte. Mauricio Faria.
B0037Z7Z44 Very good pants These pants met every requirement I had before I bought them.  Since then, I've added a new requirement about how pants fit me, personally, and these are at, or just outside, the edge of the envelope on that one.  For me, they are a bit tighter than I'm comfortable with in the area in front, just above and around the crotch.  The first day I wore them was at Universal Studios Orlando which any theme park veteran knows means at least 10 to 15 miles of walking around through the course of the day.  They were very comfortable, except for my always feeling that I needed "an adjustment" -- guys will understand.  I'm getting used to the feel of how they fit and wear them in both modes for my evening walks around the neighborhood.  It may just be that the material doesn't stretch much at all, and I'm used to more "give" in my pants.  Regardless, I like them enough that I'm considering another pair.
B0038JCZ9Y TALL I wanted tall boots and that is exactly what I got with these.  They are comfortable and easy to clean however, they make my feet look 4 inches longer than they are, I don't wear them as much as I would other wise.
B0038JCZ9Y Like a glove... Love them! I hemmed and hawed about buying these, then requested them for Christmas.  They were sold out and then saw them back in stock. Best decision! they are great boost and are exactly as they appeared online.  The shipping was quick and had them in time for new years.
B0038JCZ9Y TCB Rome Ga First I ordered the Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Madison Heights Boot in brown. Wore them all day and into the night without even a blister..loved them so much that I hurried and ordered them in black. They are both beautiful and will be able to wear them with everything. Thanks Timberland!
B0038JEQSW men's shoes at first the gore tex insulation which is inside the shoe felt weird, but over time I got used to it.
B0038YXBZ6 Nice buy Love these sun glasses.  The tint is good for all sorts of sunlight. They are light weight and comfortable. Great price and value.
B0038YXBZ6 Great sunglasses for the price Lightweight and comfortable, these glasses effectively reduce glare without over-darkening your vision.  The bag that comes with the glasses can be used to remove smudges from the lenses.  I did notice a slight separation between the lens and frame at the bottom, but nothing too bad.
B0039ZD3MK the cost i want to know how much is it i this product in number 7 (D)  to mexico city (D.F.) slow and fast shipped.The total cost that  i have to pay.sorry with my english isn't good
B003A4T4A0 it fits nicely received fast, it fits nicely, material used is of high quality. definitely will go back to timberland when buying new shoes.
B003A4T4A0 Seconds When shoe manufactures produce irregular products that don't exactly fit the specifications of the company marketing the product those items are not scrapped or thrown away they often sold at a remarkable discount as seconds. These are such a pair that I received. While they fit well and are built as solid as you would expect from Timberland brands the seams on the upper leather are waaaay off the mark. Perhaps I'll post a picture later if there is anyone inquiring. Because I use these for work as part of a company uniform I was a bit disappointed. Fortunately no one has noticed and I simply don't mention the shoes at all (no word of mouth advert from me).
B003A4T4A0 More plastic looking that I expected I was expecting more of a flat leather look but they appear more like a shiny plastic shell.  I hope they hold up and don't crack.
B003A4V78C Don't think twice I've been using Timberland shoes for the past five years. Timberland never disappointed me in terms of fit, quality and comfort. Albeit your profession or job, Timberland are always and will be the best fit.It is highly recommended...
B003A4V78C Good buy I have a back problem and the comfort in a shoe is very important for me when I walk .I have worn it for the first time yesterday and it feels like heaven
B003A67X5G Work with pride The standard issue at my work place was some horrid fastfood-looking safety sneaker.  These are sharp enough to wear out in public, and have even become my goto option when I'm grabbing something quickly to head out the door.  I wear size nine or ten depending on the shoe, so reading the other reviews I opted for the 9's.  They fit great.  Just  enough breathability.
B003A67X5G yes their timberland That's what I find myself telling people all the time I love these boots I took the chance and got my exact size and they fit prefect very comfy
B003A67X5G Stylish, Comfortable & Durable I have been wearing these for two years and love them!  This is my second pair to purchase. I buy them a half size smaller than my Eccos and Reeboks.  They look good with jeans or dress pants and being lightweight they stay comfortable all day long. They are easy to slip on and go. The leather is soft and holds it's shape well.  Just a bit of shoe polish keeps them shined up nicely. I wear them to work 3-4 times a week(studio and location photography)and they have held up very well indeed.  IMHO a great value!03/20/13 - Still very comfortable and looking great!  Generally very quiet on hard floors but they did squeek a bit on polished marble floors where my Echos did not.
B003A67X5G Love it Very neat and comfortable. Will provide and update on durability after wearing it for a few weeks. Very satisfied so far.
B003A67X5G Timberland Pro Wear these with jeans all the time, easy to get on, I've walked miles in them. everyday boot with jeans for me.
B003A67X5G Value for your money I have been wearing these boots to work at least four days a week for the past month. No sign of heal rubbing to right side which is my usual problem with shoes or shape of the boot changing. I am very happy, I was a bit hesitant as these are lace less boots however this has subsided as the boot stays snug on my feet, the quality is exceptional and the compliments keep coming in from the females. Thank you Timberland.
B003A67X5G Disappointed with the sole falling off. I was disappointed when the sole on the heel began peeling off the shoe.  I returned them to Amazon for a replacement.  Hopefully the replacement is better.
B003A67X5G 20 yr Service Ind. Mgr. Buy this shoe...Participation Trophies have ruined this country not everybody's a winner and someone has to do the dishes, so shut up put this on and get it done...
B003A69RS2 Timberland Pro's Loveum I really like the style and fit of this shoe.  So much in fact I purchased 2 pairs so when when gets wore out i have another pair to back it up.  I have very large flat feet and these are so comfortable.
B003A69RS2 These boots These boots have looks nice. They have a better slip resistance then my Crocs &  Birkenstocks. I'm not sure if I need to break them in or what but my feet have been hurting after wearing them for an hour. And my left boot has an air pocket in the heel or something. Every time I step it makes a wafting noise
B003A6FGFU Best boot for Tire Guys. Soft toe = Light ShoeThe anti-fatigue pad below the insole provides the best comfort a shoe has to offer. I can do 16 hour workdays. My feet are no longer a limiting factor.The rubber toe is the right reinforcement for aiding in lifting truck tires off the axle hub.I will buy a LOT more of these in the future; unless they change how they're made.
B003A6IL2U runs big These shoes run wide and larger than what I would consider normal.  Made for standing in but not walking on a job site.  Loose heel pocket, loose everywhere.  In the past I've always worn work shoes with a soft wedge sole but these wedge soles are not soft.  They are harder and loud.
B003A6IL2U Nice shoes This is for one of our friend, he begged me to buy it, hahaha, once we got the parcel, and he looked like a small boy, jumpping and laughing and singing, it fits him well.
B003A6J1NS yesssss finally!!!!!!! Man o man I work in the oil patch as well usually do 125+ hours a week an I've tried every boot out there from the 300Ariat composite toe blah blah blah.to the wolves, the wings an everything in between an I always came back After two weeks of buying them I throw em away an Get another pair of timberland rig masters, from this point on I yolks my Wife to pop me in the head if I get anything else lol I cab wear them weeks at a time an never have sore
B003AZZIUE Timberland Men's City Adventure-Front Country Slip-On These shoes are very comfortable. I've replaced Merrel Jungle Mocs with these because they are a little more stylish.  They keep their shape and can be worn with both jeans or khakis.
B003AZZIUE doesn't get better than this the smartwool liners were the selling points for me on these.  I have the power loungers, too, and love these things.  the only negative is that you cannot get replacement smartwool liners from Timberland.
B003AZZJLW mistake i don't receive"Timberland Men's 63578 City Adventure-Front Country Clogbut i receive "Timberland City Adventure-Front Country Slip On"close
B003AZZJYY just what I wanted Got my article yesterday, the shipping speed was fair and the boots are what i wanted.ty.
B003AZZLCO Exactly what I was looking for... So I starting looking for boots and went right to Red Wings (1907 Moc Toe). Then I saw the Earthkeepers, which look similar (i.e. white sole, moc toe) but better. Shipping was really fast from Shoe Mart Inc. and the boots are exactly what I was looking for: worn-in looking leather, thinner white sole, lightweight but still sturdy and extremely comfortable. Factoring in the price, the Earthkeepers are fantastic. I would've paid double. In any case, if you want a great-looking, comfortable boot for a fair price, this is it. I'll sum up by saying this: I liked the Earthkeepers more than the Red Wings in every aspect and paid half the money.
B003AZZLCO Easy Going Boots I liked the commercial and the fact that these were low profile boots.  I didn;t expect them to be as comfortable as they are.  The soles are like boat shoes or something.  really flexible or comfortable.  Only drawback is that on this color, the soles are bright white.  I wish they were a little duller.  The insoles are a little weird in that they seem to wear away, kind of a fabric degradation issue in the recycled material I guess.  I got them for a steal on Amazon, and I think they were a good value for the money.
B003AZZM3C Perfect Boot I expected Timberland to make quality boots and the City Escape Moc-Toe lives up to it. What I was surprised at is that they felt really good right out of the box. Most boots need some break in time but these don't much if any at all. Comfort is almost like an athletic shoe. My one minor gripe is that I wish the soles were not white. I just think of the dirt that will stain them.
B003AZZMRS Great boots These boots are great. They shine real well with a little polish, and are super comfortable. I destroy dress shoes pretty regularly, but the rubber soles seem to be holding up well, despite the chemical abuse they're put through on a daily basis. (Puddles of jet fuel, de-ice fluid, and skydrol hydraulic fluid haven't managed to eat these away yet) If you're actually going to wear them in inclement weather, you need to rub mink oil into the leather on the bottom, or they will soak up water and deform. I didn't experience any sizing issues at all.
B003BLP4EC Stay at home Mom They look better than I expected the (dark brow).I found them to be true to the measurements given.They don't look like utility boots like had I feared they might.They totally look much better in person.I would recommend them(the dark brown).
B003ELOYEA Comfortable right out of the box These boots are immediately comfortable.  They arrived in the middle of a cold snap so I put them on and went out into the windy, icy world.  At the end of the day, my feet were fine: no rawness, no soreness.  They never got cold.  The laces are sturdy and give a decent amount of control over the tightness of the boots (I prefer tight).I normally wear size 9s (rarely 8.5s) and I fit perfectly into a 9 with a normal-thickness cashmere sock.  For what it's worth, I consider my feet to be slightly wider than normal.  Whether I'm right or wrong, the material is very supple and I suspect it will easily adjust to the necessary toe box size.They treds don't give a lot of traction, but the sole's material is flexible enough to give you a sense of control over your stride.  No clunkiness, no heaviness...just you and your cozy cozy feet.
B003ELOYEA Not Up to Par Boot arrived all mashed up with no shaper for shaft, leather where bent stiff and hurt to wear, lining thin and not warm as expected.  Not at all as expected for cost.  Returned.
B003ELOYEA Buckles broke Material is good, and comfortable, Unfortunately, they are too small,and buckles cheaply made. Boots are worthless now. Lasted most of one season.
B003ELOZSU Love these boots! I ordered these to have in my breakout kit in my car for extreme weather conditions. I travel and never know when I will hit bad weather... Mount Holly trail boots come in many colors... these are less attractive in all white but $100 cheaper than the others... YAY!... I put them on yesterday and wore them around  the house to check the fit out... alas they were so comfortable... I wore them all morning! True to size perfect 8.5! Fit a thick sock when needed too! LOVE THEM!
B003ELOZSU Satisfied GoodA bit tight, but i believe it will fit comfortably eventuallyNice to have one when one gets to live in the middle of nowhereAnd snowing every fing single day
B003ELOZSU I'm looking into buying these does the touge open all the way when putting them on i wear braces on my feet i have been looking I'm looking into buying these does the touge open all the way when putting them on i wear braces on my feet i have been looking for ever for boots that work for me can someone tell me please
B003ELOZSU I LOVE THEM!!! Just received my order and I am more than happy!! Couldn't get them in black in Germany so I had to order them from the U.S., I placed my order on Tuesday night and they arrived Friday afternoon!! THANKS amazon.com, that was excellent service. I agree that these boots are a little on the small side, normally I wear a 7 (German 38), but I had to take them in size 8 (German 39). Can't wait to take my boots outside!
B003ELOZSU Just as pictured and COMFORTABLE!!! This item looks as good in person, is durable, and most important to me COMFORTABLE for walking in harsh conditions.
B003ELOZSU Perfect! This shoe is the bomb :) And the best is, it only takes 4 days to be shipped from USA to Germany in the week before christmas! This is incredible! Do you send your packages with a rocket??? :) Very very nice!Note:You cant find this shoe anywhere in Germany its totally sold. Just order it here. I dont know if the tax and MwSt is coming later, but so far we paid only 118 Euro. If you order it in Germany you will pay 170 Euro.
B003ELOZSU would of been a 5 star! I live in UK and bought these boots from US as a gift for my girlfriend as i couldnt get the right size over here. She was happy with them and they fit perfectly, although they did seem a bit grubby and had a few dirt marks in places. We think that they could of been on display or something and were a bit dissapointed with this so have only given 3 stars!
B003ELOZSU Timberland tall lace duck boot I Love the new boots. Comfortable and well made. Ordered them late in the season so I haven't been able to test them in the weather.
B003ELP35Y On the edge of "grandma chic" And by "on the edge", I mean ON THE EDGE...  I've decided I like and will keep them because the cognac color with yellow striped piping is potentially versatile.  I'm 30, and I think I can work them as "cute preppy", but they could go full-grandma pretty easily.  As it is, the heel looks a little more orthopedic than wedge-y. (I guess if you are a grandma, that may be a bonus?)  They're comfortable for my slightly wide feet, and you could probably wear them all day.Slight drawback in that the laces are functional, not just decorative, so if you don't want the bow coming untied all the time, you may want to superglue it.
B003EO8R7C Timberland Men's 87164 All Mountain Mid Gore-Tex Hiking Boot,Kiwi,9 W US I didn't have the opportunity of trying my boots in a real hiking experience; however I did try them on for a few hours here and there. Sensational boots: confortable, well-built and beautiful ( Someone may have a different opinion regarding that kiwi green, by I quite like it!). I'm looking forward to trying them on a trail! Of course I do recommend those Timberland, and  Amazon was also great.
B003EV5IGI Could do with better cushioning These are ok. But for the price, you might find something better. I had to put insoles in them to make up for a lack of cushioning. The ankle support is good but could also use some softer cushioning inside as the stiff material can cause bruising on bony ankles. The softer material covering the interior isn't thick enough over the dense materials underneath to make them comfortable. These are constructed more like work boots than recreational shoes. I do like the soles, however. They're strong, have good traction and are non-marking. Overall, I probably wouldn't recommend these to a friend.
B003EV5KB6 Love the look and the quality My daughter looks great in these. They are of high quality. I would even get a pair if they were in my size. She can run and play and wear them in mildly inclement weather, too.
B003EV5P0C from  lizzie Hello all,a have some question?i want to ,if somebody can answer me, is this boots orthopedic or supinator?
B003EV5QDS Sizing chart is off When I bought these, the sizing chart says a 9.5 US corresponds to a European 42.  However when the box arrived, though it says 9.5 US it is a 43.5 European. Way too big.  Not sure if this is an isolated case but very disappointing to get different info on the website form what they actually send you.  Just keep in mind that they run bigger than what is let on.
B003EV5QDS Timberland The order shipped quickly.  They are very comfortable, almost like wearing a slipper.  The boot is exactly as in the picture.
B003EV5QDS AMPUTEE, NEEDING ABILITY TO BUY JUST LEFT BOOT? I HAVE HAD FRIENDS,THAY WORE THE TIBERLAND CHUNKAS, AND HAD NOTHING BUT GOOD OPIONS OF THESE BOOTS ! ILOST MY RIGHT LEG AT THE HIP! NOW, I HAVE THE NEED TO BUY JUST THE 1 LEFT BOOT?
B003EV5QDS Fantastic boot. A little old fashioned, but in just the right way I was curious about these boots, I ended up getting a gift certificate so I decided to pull the trigger. I was very happily surprised. These are much better quality than I would expect for the money and the leather is very nice. It could possibly be a little thicker, but these boots aren't for working, they are more of a city boot, and for that, they are perfect.
B003EV5QDS Timberland boot I don't usually order shoes online, but I took a chance on these and they are quickly becoming my favorite shoe. They are extremely comfortable and seem durable. I highly recommend. Sizing is accurate
B003EV5QDS Comfortable fit and style I finally wore these shoes and I was very pleased with how comfortable they were. I got compliments from three different people on them on being someone on the street walking up and asking where I got them.
B003EV5QDS These Timbs ain't gangsta, yo I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to my clothes. I am thrilled with this purchase.Savvy shoppers know that there's a big difference between the $100 boot, the $200 boot and the $350+ boot. Some of it is styling, most of it is quality of materials and craftsmanship.While I picked these up for about $110, the leather is strong, thin and supple like you'd see in a boot closer to the $200 range. Mine are black and there's some extra shine around the toes, I think for protection. The comfort factor is great. They are lightweight and fit snugly like a nice pair of leather shoes. But they come up higher, keep my feet warmer and are waterproof.In terms of styling, I effing hate most chukkas. Usually they look nice until you lift your cuff, and then there's this mess of laces and unexpected contours. These are minimal buy sexy, looking almost Italian by design, which is really strange for Timberland IMHO. It was the first pair of their boots I ever bought. And I love that they don't have any crazy stitching or a bulky stompin' tread. These Timbs ain't gangsta, yo.Plus you get the satisfying knowledge that they are a 7 out of 10 in terms of sustainable production... whatever that means.The only two complaints I have:- The shoelaces, while of excellent quality, are a bit too long in my opinion. It's like Timberland thought they were cool enough to make them a decorative item. That is ALMOST true.- Sizes run big. I'm a 10 and got these in 9.5, which fit perfectly.
B003EV5QDS Very close to perfect I've been wearing a pair of these boot/shoes for a little more than a week.  I loved them the instant I put them on.  The insole is quite possibly the most comfortable I have ever worn.  It comes in just in front of the mid-line of my arch and I like it.  My only complaint -- and it's a small one -- is that the laces don't hold a standard tie very well.  However, the laces are long enough that I can double-overhand the first step and double-overhand the bow.  This keeps them tied just fine.  Despite this work-around, I have not sure if these laces are going to hold up over the long haul.I'll update this in a few months.
B003EV5QDS Exceeded expectations I took a flyer on these boots and have been pleasantly surprised.  I typically buy your standard black or brown boot, nothing fancy.  The two-tone style of these boots makes them unique.  I have received a lot of unsolicited compliments about them.  The boots can be worn with a variety of styles and just look cool.While versatile, they probably clash with a black belt because they are kind of brown, kind of black, kind of grey.  It is hard to peg. I think the brown hue in the boot would not go with a black belt.I agree with another review that the quality is very good, similar to what you would find in a more expensive product. I can tell they are going to last a really long time (knock on wood).
B003EYW6N8 Boy's Best Friend I got these for my grandson.  He absolutely loves them.  They are really well made.  It is nice to have both a zipper and the ties.  The leather looks and feels like it will hold up to what a four-year old can dish out.  The sole is substantial.  All in all, it is a very well made boot.
B003EYW9TY Quality????? I only bought these shoes in September for a 3 year old entering school for the first time. The shoes looked very sturdy and looks really nice.  My niece loves them.  However, this is now November and the entire side where the loop is located has come apart. I was going by the brand name because I believe Timberland makes a sturdy shoe, in this case it was not so
B003F24B5U Good, Lightweight Sneaker Content with the shoe.  A bit low in cut (goes under the ankle).  However, very lightweight yet supportive on the soles- great for running.  If you are looking for a heavier, overall tough constrution of a sneaker- I would not suggest this type.
B003HKRGUM Malicious sell(er) I am an international (abroad) Timberland/Amazon fan/shopper, from shoes to clothing. I have gotten everything that I order so far, but this time just after opening the shoe box I noticed that the boots "looked" to small. My first reaction was to look for the size, amazingly the size tag on both boots had been cut off...Only someone with a really bad intent would do such a thing, am I buying from a F#$%&?!ing outlet? I "gave" it one star because zero (0) stars is not an option.
B003HKRGUM fan de timberland Je suis enti&egrave;rement satisfait par cet achat, car certains mod&egrave;les ne se trouvent pas en France, apr&eacute;s les avoir essay&eacute; on si sent comme dans des chaussons.
B003HKRGUM TIMBERLAND NEWMARKET 9EYE MOC-TOE TAN-LIGHT GREEN TIMBERLAND...TIMBERLAND.....TIMBERLAND CAN YOU EVER HAVE ENOUGH? CAN YOU HAVE ENOUGH T-SHIRTS? POLO SHIRTS?NO!! OF COURSE NOT! LESS IS NOT MORE, MORE IS BETTER! THE NEWMARKET 9-EYE MOC-TOE TAN & LIGHT GREEN IS A PERFECT COMBINATION CLASSIC STYLING AND A HINT OF PREPPIE COLOR (LIGHT GREEN) AND MACHO AT THE SAME TIME!THE MOC-TOE ,TAN COLOR AND GREEN MAKE IT HIP AND MASCULINE WITH OUT BEING PRETTY!"HECTOR LIKE'S HIS GEAR HIP, MASCULINE AND SOMETHING YOU CAN WEAR MORE THAN 1 YEAR, A CLASSIC LOOK.ABOUT $100.00 ON AMAZON,BETTER PRICED THAN %99 OF OTHER ONLINE STORES.PAIR WITH JEANS, KHAKI'S.
B003HKRGUM Lost Shipment I'm pretty upset because, I haven't received my order from last month. I've been checking with my local APO here in Kuwait and nothing has come in on this order. Can someone please help me find my order.
B003HKRGUM COOL! It arrived within estimate. Brand new Timberland shoes. Half-price compared to local retailers. Comfortable. Shoe strings are of quality. Timberland is the best!
B003HKRJ9U Sturdy Walking Boot I am a Timberland fan.  I walk about 50 miles per week and have found their boots to be comfortable and durable.  I usually go for the mid-height hiking boots, but I came across the Nordic Hiker and wanted to try them out.  They are totally different from the mid height hikers I use.  The reall difference I found is in the upper construction, rather than the sole design or shoe height.  There is a defined toe box, in other words the area around the toes is constructed so as to maintain a shape while being worn.  So when the shoe bends there may be a bend across your toes.  The second issue I found was that the ankle height eyelits (just below the top lace holes) are set with rivets.  I tend to lace my boots very tight and found these rivets cut into my ankle bone.  But by loosening the tie and not using the top lace holes there was no issue and the boot still fit and felt great.  Now the real caution, I tried these boots on in the store and found them comfortable, at the check out I found they were a whole size smaller than I usually wear (9med versus 10med).  They were mispackaged at the store.  But since they fit well I bought them.  I have only used them two days (about 20 miles) and have no complaints at all.  I like them and recommend them highly.Timberland Men's Newmarket Nordic Hiker Shoe
B003HLI3B2 I'm slipping! They are beautiful, super comfortable, but I'm slipping in the kitchen!  I wish I could exchange them, maybe I can....
B003HLJETC Timberland Mary Jane Pumps The Timberland Pro Mary Jane Pumps are an awesome shoe.  They fit true to size and they are comfortable!  They look snazzy with black dress pants.
B003JJB7RO Smart wool is worth every penny!!! I have over a dozen pairs of smart wool socks. I love them. They are expensive, but worth every penny; The colors are great; They hug my feet; My feet are warm and comfortable. The best part about them is that all of the designs are different enough that finding and matching them is a snap.
B003K31GDE lives up to expectations have  worn other T land  styles for  decades  and 1st  impression  says these will equal otherstook less than  5 mins to  "break-in"biggest flaw  so far  soles  suck up a lot of kitchen  debris
B003K39I1Q tIMBERELAND PRO WOMAN'S FIVE STAR SPRINGTIDE SLIP-ON This shoes are just amazing. They give wonderful support on your walking. I'm a nurse so, I spend a lot of hours on my feet and I can tell that I noticed a big difference since I'm using them. I would recommend them to everyone!
B003LBWOCM okay These are okay--they are not as :sturdy&#34; as I expected and the crossband over the toes is very stiff and does hurt--must wear socks. They are okay.
B003LBWOCM Sandals okay Will definetly require a break-in period...causes irritation at straps due to stiffness of materials. I would not expect that from Timberland...usually a brand you can buy and run with...literally.
B003LBWOCM uncomfortable and falls apart easily Bought these from famous footwear.  tried them on in the store, they fit well so I grabbed them.  when I got home I tried them out and walked around a city block.  the straps chafed badly, I knew I would get blisters if I wore them any longer. got home and immediately took them off.  I then noticed that the glued on straps were already coming apart. I returned them the next day.  very disappointing.  the only good thing is that they're very light and and fit was good.  but the construction was awful.
B003LBWOCM shoddy quality I bought this around April, and it is now September. I only wear this on the weekend when I go out with friends, which is only once or twice a month. Already one of the strap is broken.Also, I usually wear a size 8, but this seem a little small for 8.I'll give it a 1 star right now, but it Timberland warranty service is good, I'll give it a better rating then.
B003LVYTPW Underwear This is not a shirt, it is coloured thermal underwear with a giant price tag. I sent mine back. Shame, shame on Timberland.
B003LVYY0C Great vest This is really the best outdoors vest I have in my closet. It looks more stylish than the colombias by no means. It fits great, it looks cool with jeans or simply a pair of shorts. I love the orange color which makes you noticeable by every girl.It's also very warm for cold nights, can be used an extra layer under a jacket.I highly recommend it!
B003LVYYFW i DO NOT HAVE A 50 INCH CHEST THE SHIRT WAS MADE FOR WIDE ONLY PEOPLE. I AM A DOUBLE X AND MAN IT CAME TO MY BELLY BUTTON...I GUESS THE XX IS FOR THE CHEST?
B003LVZFQ4 l LIKE'EM BUT A LIL TO STRAIGHT LEG MAKE SURE YOU WANT STRAIGHT LEG...BC IF YOU THINK THESE ARE COMFORT STYLE OR SLIGHTLY BAGGY...THEN BUY THEM TWO SIZES BIGGER. IDC FOR THE STRAIGHT LEG LOOK BUT WITH SOME SHIRTS IT LOOKS NICE.
B003M6A8VK Wide... I originally saw this shirt in Macy's and thought it was perfect for my boyfriend. Unfortunately, they didn't have any Large's in stock so I searched for it on trusty old Amazon.com and found it available in an XL. The Bombay Orange color is great and the flannel is a good weight, however, the shirt is extremely wide and very short. This might be attributed to the XL size, but it definitely seems off.
B003M6A8VK Runs small Found this shirt to be a incredibly short for an XL shirt. My husband will likely not ever wear it, and he is usually a solid XL in other shirts.
B003M6A9IC No Way!! Worst quality ever (and I buy lots of t-shirts) Timberland does not stand behind their products. I had a shirt like this shrink about 2-3 sizes the first time I washed it in COLD water. I sent it back to them, it was unwearable. They refused to refund or replace it because I had "washed it" (according to their instructions and dried on delicate low heat". This was definitely a poor quality issue, they just don't care. I won't buy from them again! Their attitudes suck too.
B003M8HBXQ GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY TOP CLASS SOFTSHELL JACKET GREAT QULAITY AND SUPERIOR WARMTH. YOU WILL NOT BE DISASSPOINTED IF YOU BUY THIS JACKET. 5 STARS FOR VALUE FOR MONEY EASILY BEATS THE NORTHFACE APEX BIONIC.
B003NUQWY2 perfecto el booto i love these boots.like i love lamp and the blue skybut on a serious note, mayonaise.... lamp... dog paws
B003NUQWY2 boot Delivery was very rapid, 5 days to the boondocks of a 'Park Naturel' in France.The boots were comfortable, except for a pressure point under the ankle bone on one boot.The temporary solution, was to skip use of top lace holes. I'll investigate cause later, and probably a bit of flexing of the leather, or make sure the tongue isn't getting kinked in the wrong place, the most likely cause.
B003NUQYC2 Review Comfortable shoe. My only issues is that the pic shown on Amazon is somewhat deceptive. The material looks like a smooth leather on the pic but really is not.
B003NUQYC2 Just couldn't compare I ended up returning these and buying the Timberland Titans.  I wanted a sole more durable than my past Titans, but this wasn't worth the discomfort.  Just ended up buying a pair of them and glad I did.
B003NUR4P8 its super i really like it. I spend so much time to decided. Finally got good result. Its strong protective and flexible.
B003NUR4P8 Premium materials/workmanship, pillowy comfort These boots, albeit a bit on the heavy side, are super-comfy all around...the padding around the foot and the sole's cushioning, along with the rich, well-oiled, full-grain leather are top-notch. And I forget that it even has a safety toe, which in my view is ideal.Even though they're a bit heavy, I don't find myself too eager to take them off when I get home after a day's work.The only thing I would change is to lengthen the laces, since they're too short to allow you to criss-cross through every eyelet. Not too big of a deal, though, as I simply go straight up from the first speed-lace eyelet to the other, and the gap isn't unsightly or uncomfortable; my foot is still nice & snug.As a comparison, I have some Magnum and Rockport workboots, and although they're lighter and similarly comfortable, they're not quite as luxurious; more on the sporty, utility side. With these I can dress up much more easily.I do also have a pair of Thorogoods, and I'd say those are a bit superior, as they are lighter and just as, if not even more, luxurious & cushioned.Still, I'll give these 5 stars, since that corresponds with "I love it," which is certainly more true than the 4 stars' "I like it."
B003NUR4P8 Put your best foot foward. The Titan Trekker is a solid, long lasting  attractive boot. This is my second pair, my first pairis still in excellent shape, the arch is still good, no seperation from leather to rubber contact pointsand tread is fine. If the leather starts getting scuffed up you just put some conditioner on it and itcomes back to life. The laces are holding up too, which sometimes is a problem with boots, I have\worn out laces prematurely on other boots. The boot meets all of my company's safety requirementsso they approve also. Highly recommend this product.
B003NUR6CE He loves them! With limited options due to the size needed, my husband needed a metatarsal workboot after it was known that the company his workplace orders from doesn't carry his size. We ordered these after 6 months of him wearing a pair of rubber waders. He did go out and purchase some inserts for his own personal preference, but he's no longer limping around after peeling the waders off.Being a man, all I can get out of him is "They are boots. They don't hurt my feet and meet the safety requirements. Yes, I'd order them again."So they're a success!
B003NUR6CE great boot once its broken in I do refractory work in taconite plants where you're required to wear metatarsal boots for 12 hour shifts, which involves alot of flights of stairs just to get to wherever your working at the time. I do alot of climbing up scaffold or ladders and sometimes wearing a harness with a rope lanyard to shoot gunite on a 45 degree slope so I needed a boot with good traction but if the lugs are too agressive they can catch on the uneven surface and trip you up, which is important when your trying to walk backwards down a slope while shooting a concrete type material out of a high pressure hose! (I gotta find an easier job)  I also do a lot of welding in tight spots and overhead which involves melting steel dripping on your boots or stepping on it so the heat resistant soles are important. Sometimes while doing kiln repairs after shutting off the flame the fire brick is still so hot that the boards you put down to walk on catch on fire! I don't know if these boots are that heat resistant but if I melt the soles in the future I'll update this review.  Although these boots are a little heavier than normal I got used to it pretty fast, but after a few hours of wearing them the front would start rubbing just above the metatarsal....I ended up putting extra padding in my sock to make it more comfortable, but after a week or so it got much better.  Overall I think this is a very good boot once you break it in, it's heavy duty and well made...and when you drop a 20 pound brick on your foot you'll be glad you're wearing this boot!!
B003OBZSZO Womens timberland teddy fleece Very nice, i love them ! Legendary boots. The only disadvantage - they are easily soiled. And it is difficult to clean them. But on the whole they are great, of superb quality.
B003OBZSZO Love Timberland! I own these boots in both Wheat and Black.  I bought the Wheat last year from another site and wore them all winter.  Super comfy and warm and solid (without being heavy) and great to wear with cords and jeans.  I got them in Black from Amazon this fall and found that 7-1/2 regular width, the same size I have in the Wheat, is not quite as comfy.  Could be a little bigger, a little wider.  I can't comfortably wear thick socks with this pair, like I can with the older ones.  This is my one complaint with Timberland:  Not only is their sizing changeable between styles but even between individual pairs of shoes.  I've experienced this with the Mount Holly style as well.  You just don't know for sure if they'll fit unless you try them on.  Since Timberland's aren't readily available in stores, it makes buying them something of a gamble.  Too bad because they are fantastic shoes when they fit!!
B003OBZSZO Wonderful! Great boots! As the name implies - it really is Timberland. Worth every penny spent on it. Good stuff. Highly recommend.
B003OBZSZO could be better I love the looks of the boot butI find there are stains of glue on the leathe. I am upset really. Hope the company can be more care about these deatail.
B003OBZSZO Besty These boots are wonderful, and I would recommend them to everybody.I adore them and I'm very pleased with them, and the material and shape,colour,everythingsuits me. I was a little skeptical about buying online, but I was reassured when I got the boot, I would not trade it for anything,Thank's Amazon!!!
B003R3UOFS great style and fabric- very nice wow, i didnt know Timberland offered computer backpacks/cases. I was skeptical at first, but because of the brand name i took the leap. This case has great storage, a soft padded shoulder strap and its actually quite cool looking. The fabic is a smooth almost suede feel. It's classy enough for business or a college campus. Would highly recommend, very happy.
B003R3UOFS not great for stability or security It only took me a minute to realize this bag isn't suitable for carrying a laptop for travel. The bag clips quite low and leaves a significant amount of open space to the side or your bag for somebody else's hands. Furthermore, once a laptop is placed in the bag, the weight makes it hang even further open, even when cinched as tight as it will go. In my opinion, this bag may be OK for books for school, etc, but absolutely unfit as a laptop bag.
B003R3UOFS Not well designed for real life Bag is very light weight and of a nice fabric.  However the "one buckle" closure system is awful!  Any items in the front mesh convenience pouch are open to the weather (and public view) as soon as you pick up the bag.  You must use the shoulder strap, the briefcase handle is useless as the bag colapses when you pick it up, leaving everything inside (including your computer) exposed. Side pockets are too small and barely hold sunglasses or a water bottle.
B003R3UOFS Everything it's promised and more! This bag is lightweight, durable, and wonderful for laptops. It's a good value for the money.
B003R3UOFS Very good value Overall I like it.  It's well-constructed and attractive.  The one-star deduction was for the lack of a pocket sized to hold a CD securely.  That seems like a basic to me.
B003R3UOFS very light bag I have bought this bag a couple of weeks ago, it has a very nice shape which is what I expected from TimberLand. However, there are a few things about this bag. It is too light almost weightless because of the material that is made of. It is nice thing and not nice in the same time. If it was a bit heavier I think would be much better. The second thing when the bag is full of stuff it does not close properly and it will kind of collapse on itself especially when there is no laptop inside it. I have another laptop bag form SONY from my previous laptop and it a bit heavier but more rigid. Over all the bag looks sexy and it good to have another type of bag just for change.
B003RDZ91M Very handy! This bag is perfect for a laptop + a light load and is quite comfortable when carried on both shoulders.
B003RDZ91M It's a okay bag I like the size and the design of the backpack, but the front part (the lap) is always flapping in the wind. Somehow, I wouldn't recommend it.
B003SUY5V4 A nice set of sunglasses I am not a pro at using sunglasses and used to think they are just for style.  But on a sunny day I thought to give a try to my newly bought timberland sunglasses.I was amazed to feel that the sunglasses actually keep the glare off on a full shiny summer afternoon with sunrays coming straight at you.There might be better ones, but I found these to be nice and fully functional.A purchase totally worth it.
B003TFEA5O Timberland Women's Bethel Buckle Knee-High Boot  -Review I love the style and material, but the mid section where the suede-like material is feels a little weird. Partially because my feet are slim. Overall I am pleased with my purchases because I will not be returning them :)
B003TFEA5O compliments galore Everybody compliments these boots.  They will probably not work for girls with wide calves.  Hold up well to the elements as well.
B003TFEA5O Absolutely flawless I had saved spare change for a long time to afford these, and even after I'd built up massive expectations, I wasn't disappointed. They fit like a glove straight out of the box, very true to size. They seem like they'll work with a variety of outfits, and they appear to be of very good quality. The rubber sole also makes them very functional and easy to walk in. I'm lovin' it.
B003TFEA5O Excellant item! I shopped around on the internet and the Timberland boot in this style sells for upwards to $200.  I looked on Amazon and found it for around $125.  After signing up for a credit card with them, I saved even more and owed only $96 total.  Now that's a bargin!  Every time I wear them I get several compliments.  Absolutely love them and they are true to size.  I have had no problems when ordering from Amazon either.  Just shop around for an item and then check out Amazon....I have found them to have the lowest prices.Thank you Amazon
B003TFEA5O Poorly made? The heel was coming off when the shoe arrived and it's really hard to adjust the top of the boot because the holes are too small and weird sticky stuff comes out of them. Would not ever buy these again and they've kind of turned me off of Timberland all together.
B003TFEA5O These boots were made for walkin' I love these boots. Not only are they adorable (no green coloring or defects on mine and I got the darker brown) but they are durable. I walked all over Paris for 8 days in them! I do have narrow feet and a medium to larger sized calf if that helps anyone. I usually wear a 7 and they were a good fit. Mine say, "Made in India," so maybe they are made in different places... Either way, this was one of the best investments I've ever made.
B003TFEA5O Disappointed Finally decided to order these and was SO EXCITED. Received them in the mail and was even more excited!! THey're gorgeous shoes. Then.... I put them on. They didn't fit my calves at all. And I'm not a big gal. 130 pounds, 5'2, size 9 shoes... And it wasnt like I couldn't zip it a little bit and could live with it. I couldnt zip it A LOT a bit and had to ship them back. So disappointed...
B003TFEA5O Timberland Women's 26639 Bethel Buckle Knee-High Boot I love these these boots! I have received so many compliments on them. When ordering I would suggest ordering a 1/2 size up.
B003TFEA5O not yet recieved Well I have not recieved  yet so I cannot rate this yet but looking forward to wearing it. I cant wait
B003TFEA5O Goto Boots! I actually wear these more than I thought I would! They are more stylish than anticipated and I get compliments on them all the time!
B003TFEA5O Disappointed The boots were beautiful, but there was a nail that protruded on the bottom of the heal of the right boot. Needless to say, I was disappointed and sent them back.
B003TFEA5O Costly Timberlands Made in China!!? I cannot believe I spent this much money on boots made in China. Timberland use to be a company of high quality made in USA products. Now it has sold out and decided take manuafacturing to China, paying slave wages to make huge profits. I used to be a clothing/accessories buyer and am quite aware how much it cost to produce in China. It costs very little, but the high cost of taking manufacturing out of the USA is not worth the profit. I will never again buy another Timberland product again.
B003TFEA5O Much more casual than expected The darker material is more like cloth, causing instant slouch.  Well constructed and comfy, like all Timberland boots, but I was hoping for something that looked a little more sharp.  Returned.
B003TFEA5O love the look, hate the fit I have a 15&#34; calve and there was no way I was getting jeans in there let alone tights. I talked with a shoe repair person and they can't be stretched becsuse of the threading. So om returning and purchasing some without threading. Just I'm case lol. Otherwise great boot
B003TFEA5O Stylish while conquering the weather in Connecticut. Excellent product. Well constructed and very stylish but practical for cold snowy days while traipsing to and from classes at Yale in Connecticut.
B003TFEA5O Amazing looking I get stares, the good kind, from strangers all the time.  They fit well, although they are a little large on the heel area.
B003TPBG24 Great little jacket I bought this jacket for my daughter last Christmas.  She loves it! She lives in SC and wore it all the time during the winter.  Said it was perfect for the climate there.
B003TYIH6S You have all my shopping needs How do you do it Amazom?You have everything just a finger touch away.I saved gas and time.The online display looked just like the boots.
B003TYIH6S Great boots, good price, fast shipping What can I say?  They are Timberlands, they are phenomenal to look at, to wear, and to hike the back woods in and I highly recommend them.  Now, taking them off after a five  mile hike is another thing!  Be ready to unlace them half way down for easy removal!
B003UFJCP6 Disappointed in Seller, Shoe is Okay I own a pair in Wheat, they are really cute, I have wide feet, and ordered in Wide, they feel really roomy. Not as cushy as I had hoped for, but they are roomy enough for insoles, and boots seem well made.  Im disappointed in the seller, being as I like the ones in Wheat, I decide to order the ones in black, as shown in the picture, with patent leather.  As did another buyer, when I got my package, the boot was solid black no patent leather.  Not happy about that, its a total inconvenience to have to send back, and I as planning on wearing them this weekend.  I sent them a letter hopefully they can send me the right ones this time!!!
B003UFJCP6 Great Shoe I loved the boot but the insole was terrible.  It had too high of an instep, removed it and bought a gel insole and it wore great then.  I am a fan of timberland footwear.
B003UFJCP6 Photo is not accurate I cannot address the quality of the boot as I returned them immediately. The photo is of a very attractive boot w/some patent leather that dresses up the footwear. When it arrived, there was no patent leather. I was very disappointed.
B003UFJCP6 Just dreamy! Here we come to a pair of shoes-cum-hiking boots worthy of praise. They're light almost as a feather, the stitching is top quality, ditto the soft nubuck leather construction, and the comfort factor is considerable. Haven't broken them in yet, but the fit seems perfect- no qualms about 'true to size' with these. They figure to go with just about everything this outdoorsy-type woman ever wears- jeans, natch, cropped pants, yes indeed, and wouldn't look too curious with ankle length or longer skirts. The construction of the sole makes them suitable for moderately wet conditions,and while they would not be the right shoes for serious mountain hiking or walking the Route St. Jacques de Compostela, they fit the bill for most daily activities and are smart-looking to boot. A genuine five-star purchase, and at a great Amazon price too. Love the bright russety-gold color.
B003UFJCP6 stiff, thin, cardboard show Tried insoles ($40.00 worth of different combinations of foam, gel and support). Hopeless and disappointing considering the expectation I had from the product description and the reviews.
B003UFJCP6 What to say... they look absolutely pretty, you can really walk a marathon with them.They aren't that clumsy as the normal Timberland boots, I just love them!
B003UFJCP6 Comfortable, but colour isn't true They are really comfy to walk all day long, and this is the main reason why I have not return it. Moreover they fit perfectly -  they  make my foot looks smaller.  I was only disappointrd with colour. I've ordered dark/brown and green with the hope of getting pale or Mocco as they were seen at photo. But they appeared to be dark chocolate and I have to accustom wearing it and buy some additional accessoires.
B003UFJCP6 Nice great shoesNIce colourcomfortablevery adaptable to all environmentHowever, there is some markings at the side which shows poor workmenship.
B003UFJCP6 Very Comfortable These shoes are very comfortable and can be dressed up or down depending on the occassion. There is nothing bad I can say about these boots except I wish they are more colors.
B003UFJCP6 otherness shoes looked different when ordering, I am very disappointed.When I opened the box, they were not as shown in the picture.
B003V9ISSI Great footwear from good ol' Timberland These shoes are another quality Timberland product (ok, technically it's a boot) that's well built -and comfortable to wear all day.  The fancy lining and padding system work great to keep your feet happy.  The leather looks like its sourced from an old baseball mitt as it's thick but very pliable.  I had some doubts on whether to order - but after a few days of wearing these puppies - I'm very pleased I purchased and considering ordering a back up pair.
B003VIJOL4 Just look at them Timberland has the Art of Smart down to a tee with these boots. Everyone asks me were i got them and Amozon is the reply.
B003VIJOL4 the comfort is undeniable I was a little hesitant about buying this one, but the comfort is undeniable.  My feet never sweat and the traction is good.  Its stands out enough to get a compliment or two from women, and it also works great as a sport bike riding boot.  I'll definitely be buying a few more.
B003VIJOL4 TIMBERLAND MENS NEWMARKET LACEUP BOOT-TAN LIGHT GREEN CANVAS TIMBERLAND MENS'S NEWMARKET TRANS LACE UP BOOT TAN & LIGHT GREEN CANVAS.SPRING IS ALMOST HERE, OR ALWAYS HERE DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE. YOU HAVE TWO OPTIONS!DRESSING LIKE A TEXTING FLIP FLOPPED PUBESCENT FOOL OR THE YOUUNG TRENDY STUD YOU ARE?THESE BOOTS ARE THE PERFECT MASH UP 1/5 TAN LEATHER AND 4/5'S BREATHABLE LIGHT WEIGHT MOJITO-LIGHT GREEN TWILL CANVAS. VERY COMFORTABLE, CASUAL BUT NOT SNEAKERS, THE BLACK OR GRAY VERSION COULD BE DRESSIER.DO YOU REALLY WANT TO SPEND THE REST OF THE SUMMER RUBBING PUREL ALL OVER YOUR FILTHY FLIPPED FLOPPED FEET?YOUR CHOICE? BUT I GOT THE TIM'S  LOVE MY (BOOTTERS)1/2 BOOTs 1/2 SNEAKers= BOOTERS*
B003VIJOL4 Very Good! I love these boots are  comfortable and durable very lightI have used them for a year and look like newI recommend them!
B003VJUMEQ TIMBERLAND EARTH KEEPERS LACE UP KAHKI'S TIMBRRRRRRR TIMBERLAND THE PERFECT SUMMER SHOE 1/2 BOOT.  LIGHT GREAT SUMMER COLOR AND WILL ALWAYS BE IN STYLE. CASUAL YET USCALE FROM SNEAKERS, PREPPIE OR URBAN COOL TAKE YOUR PIC?GREAT PRICE AS USUAL FROM AMAZON.COM
B003VMUFCC Lightweight, Very comfortable These boots are so lightweight that upon arrival I had to shake the box to know there was something in there. It took me one dog walk to break them in. Longevity and waterproofness have yet to be determined, but these boots feel non-existant until you hit a snarly path and need their grip and support. With goretex and half price, what are you waiting for?
B003VMVXDW good rather comfortable, but it's slippery on wet floor.
B003VMWQUG Great but sliperry sole The shoes are great looking and comfortable, but The soles have very little grip. Inside my house with the tiles recently cleaned (about a day ago no longer wet) its like walking on ice.
B003VMWQUG cool Very comfortable and useful for any situation. I recommend that, Timberland quality makes it value be cheaper. It attend my needs completelly
B003VMXSJ4 Typical made in China inferior junk! Fabric pulled out on the left shoe toe area, followed that up about 6 months later the inside fabric pulled away from the heels on both shoes. Made in China should just about sum it up, unbelievably inferior quality for the price they are asking.
B003VMXSJ4 low quality After buying it, probably I used nearly 10 times. After 45 days later the inner soles decomposed in both pairs. I gave it to back seller and they changed it.
B003VMXSJ4 Form and function I give these hiking shoes a B- grade.  First form.  Excellent buildQuality.  TheShoe is versatile when it comes to style.  They can be worn with jeans or cargos when hiking around and yetStill go well with khakis if your dressing for the office which makes them a great gortex winter shoe to wear to the office or a night out with a friend.  As for function.  They are a bit on the heavy side when it coComes toWeight and canBe too warm on fair days.  Also. I noticed a few minor slips on snow covered asphalt.  This might be partially because the tread might be designedForRocky trails butNotSure as they areInsulated very well for very cold weather.  After they are worn a fewTimes and you get accustomed to them they can beWorn over very  tough terrain while protecting your feet  from water while theGortex keeps you extra warm in frigid temps.  theLace system can come untied often which makes one petulant however its nothing a double knot cant fix.  Overall when it comes to form and function its a solid reliable shoeThat performs well and looks great with some minor disadvantages that can be overcome by a tweek here and there.
B003VMYDE8 Built to last, but do not fit my feet at all. Yes they're heavy and strong and i even ordered them TWO & HALF sizes larger, i take a 45, these 47.5 and i still can't wear them!! I can just get them on but walking would be absurd (torture). Also on the inner side of the shoe where the stitching starts (light tone to the dark tone)...that double stitching press's right onto or rather into the toe-to-foot joint. I know my feet are on the wide side but these need much more ARCH space, if you have a low arch , tighten the laces to keep them on. Seems the leather is of quality and built to last a long time but "breaking in" these babies looks like it could take a couple of years of suffering,no thanks.
B003VN4M0W Great after worn in! I got these in red and they are SO CUTE. the only issue is that they cut the heck out of my feet (back of ankles) the first three times I wore them. However, once I wore them in and added some pads in the back, they became my go-to shoes.
B003VQPJWY Timberland womens' deering sneaker This shoe looks better on the site than it does in person.  It also makes my feet look wider than they already are.  I am returning them.
B003VR2A2K Quality shoe I have a slight 'narrower' size 8 foot. My order fit allitle less snug. I wonder if a 7.5 would fit the whole foot best. Anyhow,. I am pleased and will keep this 8 in black. The shipper '54th footwear shipped FedEx, ordered this Friday evening and received it Tuesday. :)
B003WSXN88 Earthkeeper Cabot F&L Chukks I just love these shoes. They are true to size and very comfortable. I'm thinking about getting another pair already :)
B003XHH0W8 Right boot smaller than left. Just arrived home and my left foot is intact, while my right foot will need the weekend off feels like it's been through a vice. This could be remedied if I could remove the insole, but the boot is designed so that the insole has a canyon of uselessness making impossible to use any insole other than the one provided.
B003XHH0W8 Not a bad boot one of the pull straps tore when putting them on one day but since i wear jeans, it is not an issue
B003XHH0W8 Very Consistant Fit Love these boots. They fit snug at first but form to your foot after being worn. I'll owned more than a dozen pairs.
B003XHH0W8 Made in China Reasonably ok fit, insoles tougher than what I've been accustomed by Timberland and poorly made. Looks ok, wears ok, but needs time to break-in and built quality is not good. While I love the design, it has clouded my confidence in Timberland and, at least, I'll be extra cautious next time...
B003XHH0W8 Land Timber Fits about a half sized too large. Not bad, just requires inserts for a proper fit. Ordered a 10.5 and could have fit in a 10 or even a 9.5.
B003XHH0W8 Real Nice! The boot is great! I have several Timberland boots and this is as expected. The reason I bought this boot is because I had a bought the laced up version about 2 years ago from a Nordstrom Rack. Unbeknowst to me, it was missing the smart comfort chasis insole. After trying so stop gap measures and calls to Timberland to see if I can purchase this insole I finally decided to buy the slip on version. The size is true and the color is as depicted in the pics. Can't go wrong with this pick up.
B003XHH0W8 Hubby was pleased! The boot looks great but once they were broken in he said they would be much more comfortable if you added an insole.  They also seem to be pretty resilient to dirt and grime.
B003XHH0W8 Holes in heels I have had many timberland products and have always been satisfied with them.  I bought these boots a year ago and liked the look and fit.  About one month ago holes developed in the rubber heels.  They fill with mud and gravel and make a mess.  I have never had an experience like this with timberland shoes.  I think I may have gotten a defective product.  I contacted the seller and he refuses to respond to me
B003XHH0W8 Insole problem The boots are fine except the insole cannot be replaced with a different insole or orthotic due to the construction of the Timberland insole..this  is different from past boots..This is a problem with buying via internet where you cannot inspect or try on the boot..
B003XT05PA Quality not there full size and 1/2 too big.dull finish.not quality timberlands I am used to.five more words, here ya go.
B003XTEFIS Loving it!! I'm a kind of timberland girl!!I have a lot of their boots and like always, I'm not disappointed at all!They are true to size,comfortable,look beautiful!Just amazing!They are so sexy and you can walk all day, it doesn't hurt.I definitely recommend it!!You can see them on my blog : [...]
B003XTEGPU MY TIMBS I LOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEE THESE BOOTS. THE ONLY REASON I DIDN'T HAVE SOONER WAS BECAUSE THEY WERE SOOO EXPENSIVE EVERYWHERE ELSE.  I HAD THEM IN MY SHOPPING CART AT ANOTHER ONLINE STORE FOR THE LONGEST TIME UNTIL I SAID, I ORDER FROM AMAZON ALL THE TIME, LET ME CHECK TO SEE IF A MERCHANT IS SELLING THEM. AND SURE ENOUGH HERE WE ARE.  I'M SOOO HAPPY, THEY ARE SOOO COMFORTABLE AND COOL.
B003XYWUX0 Impatiently Awaiting My wife fell in love with these booties and had to have them. We can't wait for our baby AJ to be born and grow into them.
B003XYWUX0 These are Adorable! I bought these boots for my granddaughter.  They are perfect!  They are sturdy enough to walk in outside.  Soft enough to slip easily on.  Fit well enough that they don't flop off.  I plan on buying her more of this brand as she grows.
B003YB9ZEE Very good I'd only make one slight change to these. A little more give in the straps.But otherwise I really like these. Wear them often. Quite comfy.
B003YBRYWO Wrong order confirmation by amazon my order is Timberland Men's* 84581* Earthkeepers Chukka Boot Dark Brown/Green,8.5 M US  but what appeared in the auto-confirm mail is Timberland Men's *45570* Earthkeepers Chukka Boot,Dark Brown/Green,8.5 M US
B003YBU098 Size problems For the foot size, the toe length seemed extra long, even for a desert boot.  The shoe/toe top oil cans and audibly 'pops' with each step.  Hope it improves with break in, but overall disappointed with actual walking in them and the popping noise with each step.  Otherwise quality is good.
B003YBU098 Good but hard to clean Love the shoe - due to the suade material makes it very difficult to clean. Water stains, but comfort is great
B003YC48QS Very Comfortable It's very comfortable almost feels like tennis shoes. Only problem is that the inserts slide out when we take the shoe off for the first few days. But after that it doesn't slide out...
B003YC48QS these are not close to the altamont version I ordered these sandals in black because i wanted a pair of the altamont version of the fisherman sandal. These are not even close the size was to small the padding is not the same. i should have returned them but i foolishly wore them thinking they would break in. After only 4 hours my feet hurt from the tightness of the webbing and the non-existent padding the only real padding is in the heel. the looks are as expected and the service was just fine but even after only wearing them for 4 hours i didn't believe that the company would exchage them for larger because they appeared worn and were worn. Tried to stretch them out seemed better. After 8 hours coulnd't wait to get them off. Order larger a whole size or so. 80 dollar shoes i'll probably never wear. Bummed out! thanks Bear
B003YC48QS Bring back black Altamont I've tried wearing the City Adventure, but they are no comparison to the Altamont line. The comfort, durability and look of the Altamont were superb - and in black they could be worn on any occasion.The soles of the City Adventure almost immediately collapsed [for lack of a better word] on the inside heals - I've never had this happen before, and I'm not 'that' big of a guy. This defect of the sole ends up putting undo stress on the feet and ankles. The cloth insole is also not as durable as the leather insole of the Altamont.In case you can't tell... I'd prefer Timberland bring back the black Altamont. Why discontinue perfection?
B003YC48QS OFFER OF 30% OFF IF I APPLY THE AMAZON CREDIT CARD. IN SCREEN OR MONITOR I SAW AN OFFER OF 30% OFF IN MY PURCHASE, BUT NOT IN THE BILL. WHAT HAPPENED WITH THIS OFFER?
B003YC48QS Some tradeoffs vs altemont These last a little longer than the altemont, and have a more interesting look to them, but you pay for it in comfort and grip mainly because the soles are stiffer/heavier.
B003YC48QS Nice Looking but uncomfortable These are a mediocre substitute for Timberland's Altamont Fisherman which was a fabulously comfortable shoe which appears to be discontinued. I could wear the Altamont for 15 hours with no discomfort, but these can only be worn for an hour or two.
B003ZBWZL8 Whatever happened to Timberland quality? I bought this jacket for rainy days.  It does serve its purpose and it is an attractive piece.  However, there are some problems.  Right out of the bag the jacket had a really really strong petroleum smell.  It has been several months and the odor has still not gone away.  As well, the lining from the sleeves keeps popping at the cuffs.  I have been a loyal Timberland fan, but the last several purchase I have made have been less than acceptable.
B003ZWM7DS A disappointing purchase I bought this shirt in papaya and hated the  bright work-shirt style color, which isn't like the picture. I tried constantly bleaching but couldn't get it to fade. Also the extra large was gigantic, much bigger than expected. So this shirt just sits in my closet collecting dust and waiting to be given away to some road construction flagman who needs to be readily seen by on-coming traffic. A disappointing purchase.
B0040MVRWO Meh Timberland, while they are masters of clothing apparel, are struggling to satisfy me with their sunglasses. This pair, just like the plethora of others I have tried, have weak frames and the lens is constantly popping out. Other than that, very nice shades.
B0040MYY74 These are my favorite sunglasses I love the gradient clear lens. As I get older I find that things can hide in the dark shadows on the road. These glasses give me a good bright view and cut the glare juts right. Bought 3 pair at this price, after getting these. Can't beat price, but keep protected as they scratch fairly easy.
B0040MYY74 Cheaply made, questionable sun protection I got these through a deal website.  If I'd paid the full price or the amazon price ($49 as I write this) I would be very upset.When they were fully together, they only had tint on the top half.  This is not clear from the picture.  I guess it says gradient, but I assumed it went from brown to light brown.  Apparently, these look more like something Pitbull would wear indoors at a nightclub than proper sunglasses.Then, things started falling apart.  First, the metal piece on the bridge.  I couldn't find a screw driver small enough to put it back together.  Then, one of the plastic pieces to hold the glasses on the nose.Don't bother.
B0040MYY74 Affodable chic fashion Awesome UV protection and gradient tint in lenses and a very strong, lightweight frame Unbelievable high quality sunglasses at an incredibly affordable price...a treasure find for the quality brand seeker with the frugal pocket!
B0040UDP6C Useful and comfortable I go to construction site with the boot now. It's very comfortable and bottom of it is thick enough to keep me safe. And it's really cheap when I bought it!
B00411U7XO very heavy very very heavyfelt like i was wearing bricks on my feet.going back to Rockport boots, much more room & half the weight.
B0041FX750 Very Comfy! I ordered these because of the price and as soon as I put them on, I came back to order another pair!  Unfortunately, they only have the black in my size, but that's okay.  These are extremely comfortable.  As someone who always has problems with fit and shoebox height and is also a diabetic, I'm very happy with these sneakers.  They give an easy, relaxed, but stable fit.
B0041FYSIA comfortable clog I bought these to replace some timberlands I've had for several years. They fit my high arches pretty well, but i need to take them to a local shop to get the front stretched a little (the front of my foot is wide). The foot bed is really comfy. Note: there is a silver sheen to the black that you can't see in the pictures
B0041GEY1U Great looking and distinct! I actually really like these boots. I love the fabric texture, it basically looks just like what you see in the picture. Whether up close or far away these boots distinctively standout on the street.
B0041GEY1U Bloody feet! I had to return these boots. There is a serious design flaw that makes two sharp, rough spots on each boot. The tongue fabric is too thick where it meets the boot, when folded and laced up the fold on each side of the tongue has a wickedly sharp top edge which quickly rubbed the skin of my ankle raw and bloody.This boot is no longer listed on Timberland's web site.
B0041OD6J8 very weak do a lot of walking in prairies and whatnot on account of the job, i realize these are hiking boots, but sometimes hikers need to pitch a tent, or dig a hole, and you shouldnt have to change your boots to do that.  the top of a shovel went right through the sole and really hurt my foot, and on the other boot, chunks just started breaking off for no apparent reason, and both laces were broken within a month.  i bought them for half off at 60, and i expected a damn good boot with a pricetag of 120 dollars, and that, i did not find
B0043QGPKQ Comfortable, elegant and indestructible These shoes are very comfortable and virtually indestructible. I have worn them non-stop for weeks now, and are so comfortable that I have even forgot them on while mowing a half acre lawn with a push mower. Every time they get a little bumped dirty or scratched, a quick rub of mink oil will make them look like new in minutes. This is the third pair I own, and they have all been great shoes for every occasion.
B0043QGPKQ Timberland is begining to dissapoint! I have always been a big fan of Timberland, mainly for comfort and durability, but think that I need to reconsider my thoughts now...This shoe lost shape quickly. The foot support is weak, making my feet hurt at times. The leather quality is poor, and sometimes it makes my feet stink!Ah...what a bad experience!!!
B00440CVPY Wow..very impressed It has been ages since he wore some decent socks. It was for my man and he loves every bit of it. It is tender and soft. I have not washed it but sounds stiff and should be fine. I wish I could buy a lot . But $4 bucks a pair is bit expensive but I'm in love.Pros:1) Soft2) Stiff and rigit3) Comfortable and ideal for workouts.Cons:1) Cost
B00440CVPY Does the picture tell a lie!! The picture does not show anklets!! which are much shorter and only suitable with runners. I bought previous timberland sox that were as the picture shows...about 3 inches above the ankles. Very disappointed.
B00440CVQ8 Dear amazon.com Dear amazon.com.I have really taken to this restaurant.......,Oh!!!!! noooooo, It's socks.I quoted a dictionary phrase from just all. sorry guys.Anyway, this timberland socks, myself explanation.entirely comfortable, shapes is shapely.especially blue line is excellent.(because I got a blue one)but, oh no, a little bit having a problem.then I'm putting on and cleaning them, little by little inner side of yarn exposed.(Please feel be relieved, my LOVELY FOOT DIDN'T expose.)I see just this problem on this timberland article.if be on there more, A consumer pleasure after buying.Thank you amazon.com, Bye.
B00440CVWC Very happy. They are very comfortable and last forever, spend the money and get good ones for a change. You wont be sorry.
B00440CVWC nice quality athletic sock These sock are made well and fit well.  I wear a mens 10.5 2E and these sock fit perfectly and it appears they'll last a long time.
B0044KN0PO Cool Boots So cool, my daughter want them.
B0044KN0PO Disappointed The tongue of the shoe is hard.  It presses against the leg and is painful.  The tongue should be soft.
B0049N0O1Y Not satisfied The boots did not come with innersoles which is one of the main reasons I bought them. Not happy at all.
B0049N0O1Y Not like the reviews i have read I work in law enforcement and have been through the gamut of boots...danner, 511, rocky...and thought these looked good.  Well the fit is true, and much better than the huge toe box of the 5.11's and very soft.  The soles are even softer and more comfortable then the Danners I have had, which is impressive.  The problem with these are the heels.  The heel plate digs into the back of my heel something fierce. If I had to walk a lot (more than just a few traffic stops) in these my heels would be raw and bleeding.Maybe a better winter boot since your socks will be thicker, but they are not insulated.  Would send them back but I polished and shined them before wearing.
B0049N0O1Y No Bueno! The zipper on these boots is comparable to the zipper on your lightweight anorak pullover jacket. It got stuck every time I either put them on or took them off,  then just broke on one boot completely.  I was replacing my 5.11s with these because a coworker recommended them.  The "waterproof" caught my eye. But in addition to the cheap zipper, they're heavy, a bit too chunky, and after quite a bit of elbow grease, could NOT get a shine on them. I'm disappointed and I expected better from Timberland.  I returned them and got another pair of 5.11s
B0049N0O1Y design changes I like these boots and have had 3 pair.  There nice but there is a cost cutting change in the zipper.  My original pair had the heavy zipper with big coarse teeth like the listed pic.  My two newer pairs have the cheap fine nylon zipper that looks fragile, think tent screen.  I don't unzip them often but can see where it would fail if I did.  Maybe Amazon has both in stock.
B0049N3S58 no complaints Lightweight, comfortable,  and really don't have any complaints on them. Just hope they hold up and last the winter .
B0049N3S58 good quality boot but not for cops 2 stars because although the leather is nice, the overall design is not user friendly.  the laces are almost impossible to tie down because the grommets are in strange positions,  they dont provide the leverage to really cinch down the laces.  The boots is impossible to polish.  i stripped with denatured alcohol, saddle wax, leather cleaner and could not get the dam polish to stick to the boot,  it just beads off.  This wouldnt be a problem if the boot came shiney but its a rather dull finish.  I tried these boots to try somehing new but i ended up going back to oakleys
B0049N3W7M loved the fit really comfortable but just didn't hold up ... loved the fit  really comfortable but just didn't  hold up to work condition
B004BE4DQS My lil' Construction Worker These are high quality boots for little feet. My guy loves dressing up like a worker with them, plus they work for Mid-Atlantic winter.
B004BHM3QC Defective boots, terrible customer service I bought these boots for a week long trip to Iceland this summer. They were comfortable for long hikes, and kept my feet warm and dry. I pulled them out to wear today now that it's chilly in the South only to get my foot stuck in them because the zipper broke. I wore them for one week!! When I called Amazon, the representative kindly read me the returns policy (gee, thanks lady) and basically said too bad. That's a lot of money for one week. Shop at Zappos instead. They have much better customer service!!
B004BI79CE No fleece in a fleece lined jacket? This jacket has a plain thin cotton lining NOT a fleece lining.  The product info doesn't mention a zip front closure but that's what it has.  If you look closely you can see that in the picture but unfortunately I didn't notice that and assumed it was button front.  In addition the jacket is a little pricey.
B004C5QYLI scuffed Opened the box and discovered that the heel of one of them had what looked like a scuff mark on it. Disappointed.
B004C5QYLI My favorites. These are nice, comfy, and sturdy. They initally come with their own padded insole, but I didn't find them up to par and replaced them.
B004C5QYLI boyfriends favorite shoes Boyfriend has always loved Timberland and after wearing his last pair of this model out I had to buy him a new one! Lucky for me, Amazon had them in his size!
B004CLZDLO Timerland quality has really gone down! I haven't bought a Timberland shirt for a few years, but one thing I always remembered about this brand was that I was sure to get a durable, quality piece of clothing. Well, when I received this shirt I saw that things have changed A LOT! When I first opened the package, I noticed how flimsy and low-quality the material was; definitely not what I expected from a "trusted" brand like Timberland. I tried the shirt on and my disappointment increased: The shirt was marked as an XXL (which is what I ordered), but the shirt fit like it was maybe a large. I expected much more from a shirt that cost as much as this one did (the price was about at the top end of what I will pay for a t-shirt). Needless to say, this shirt is going back and I will think twice before buying from Timberland again.
B004EHXZ1Q Just what I expexted I buy these shoes for my boys every year. These look even nicer and softer than last years. Soft and beautifull. You should trust Timberland to delver quality and it has!
B004EHXZ1Q pink girly prepster shoes The suede on these is thick but very soft - almost floppy, so when in doubt by a little smaller/narrower than usual.  My daughter loves these, though, and I think they look adorable. Wouldn't want to wear them in cold weather (can you weatherproof super-soft suede?), but for spring/summer they're terrific.
B004EHXZ1Q my granddaughter loves these shoes...bought them for school, they match her uniform perfectly.  very nice neat and preppy look. easy to keep clean with nubuck cleaner
B004EHYKH4 Great toddler shoe Love these shoes for my 20 month old. She had similar ones without the velcro strap, now these will allow her to start putting them on and taking them off herself. Really love these shoes. Sidenote: thesides are a little actually open for venting, the previos model was fully enclosed, not a big deal, but I might find another pair for the winter months.
B004EHYKH4 It's a good shoes. This is a pair of good shoes, but it's biger size, I can keep waiting for my son suitable wear it again.and I will buy again(size:us 3 little boys).But there is something very bad things,Responsible for delivery UPS company,The third time delay delivery time continuous! Every time is delayed for two or three days.throw away my time.
B004EWG3IS 90% vs 84% in product description is 90% cotton, what I got is 84% cotton... is anyone reading the labels, or you are too cool to go down to this kind of minor issues?
B004EWG3IS half socks I like these socks in the summer with my work or play foot wear.Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!  Merry Christmas and God Bless You!
B004EWG3IS Three Stars sent bak
B004FHCKDE Timberland's Quality & Customer Service Is Terrible I have a pair of these that I purchased a couple of years ago, and they were always okay. Not great, as the fit always seemed a little off, but I couldn't figure out why.  Strike one for comfort.Well, I finally figured out why. I was in an airport in Germany and they x-rayed my shoes.  The x-ray showed that there was a shank in only one shoe, and nothing in the other shoe.  While we all had a good laugh, I also was pretty unhappy that this probably accounted for why they always felt different.  Strike two for quality.But the ultimate strike three was how bad Timberland's customer service was.  I contacted them about the shoes, and they of course expressed their dismay and offered to allow me to pay to ship them back to them.  Wait, why am I paying to ship a defective item back to Timberland.  What a joke.  I have owned more than 20 pairs of Timberlands, but given how they chose to treat a loyal customer when they produced such a poor product gives me no reason to purchase again (and don't get me started on how poor the quality of their clothing is).  I think I will move on to Ecco or another brand of shoes that stands behind their product.Timberland was once a symbol of quality.  Now it is just living off a brand name which was trusted at one time.
B004FHCKDE uncomfortable I have owned 2 pairs of this shoe in the past, and been very satisfied, so I purchased another pair.  The new shoes are not nearly as comfortable as the previous.  Specifically, the tongue lacks sufficient padding. The tongue's gusset folds awkwardly, forming a lump on both sides of the tongue, which is very uncomfortable on the top of the foot.  The stitching on the mock toe is also a little iffy.  I was disappointed in the overall quality.  I returned the shoes.
B004FHCKDE I want to exchange it for a different boots I would like to trade them in for a different model,I need a booth with more height, like a Pullon maybe
B004H4WR2Y Comfortable and High-Quality Just got these shorts today and first thing I noticed, even in the plastic bag, is that the fabric is of high quality. The 100% cotton matarial feels thick and durable but at the same time comfortable while being worn.I ordered size 34 and it fit me nicely around the waist and seat(I'm a bit stocky). The back/cargo pockets have buttons rather than velcro. I ordered Surplus Green and the color is darker and subdued and can go well with different colored shirts.Couple of small caveats. One is that the back pockets are a little smaller than I'd like(not a big deal since you've got the side cargo pockets). Secondly the length of the shorts is just above my knee-caps.A little shorter than I'd like(other shorts I wear same size go to about the middle of my knees). Overall though these are a nice pair of high quality, comfortable cargo shorts that should last awhile and looks nice.
B004H4WRHO Great cotton-based jacket It is what it is and exactly what I wanted. There isn't much else to say, so I won't say more.
B004H4WROM Really well made Great well made shirt, Good weight for hiking and light exercise, plenty of pockets for your stuff and a lovely fabric. All over a good shirt.  (The large size is pretty large though)
B004H4WSOG Sizing is wrong I wear a size 32 waist, but I ordered a pair that said '32' but fit more like a 28. I couldn't even get them buttoned and normally I need a belt to wear my 32 waist pants or shorts.  THis is not Amazon's fault its Timberlands.  Have generally had good experience with Timberland products but beware of wrong sizing for these pants.Otherwise they are nice pants, as long as you aren't looking for something that fits loosely.
B004H4WT04 Quality no good I find that the colour of the stripes and colar faded after washing 15 times. Disappointed with Timberland with this type of quality
B004H9381I Boots The only problem with the is that the tops is made of rough material and may scrape your legs, i returned them right away it may be very anoying after a long day of work
B004J2HSIC need the right dimension -length , width and thickness I ordered this boot and took my chance. Just received it yesterday and turns out the shoe length is perfect on both sides.But I found that my right hand feet was broader ( wifey told me this happens to many people. though i didn't have this issue with other shoes/boots) and hence was too tight to walk comfortably.I am going to cancel this and re-order the next bigger size.
B004J2HSIC too rough but do the work i kinda like timberlands but in this case i hate the fact that you cannot even walk properly with them.  They are simply too harsh on your feet.
B004J2HSIC Timba Review This boot is very comfortable and actual feels like a shoe.  Great traction and has held up so far being waterprrof.
B004J2HSIC Painful These boots caused me pain.  They appeared well-made, but the devil is in the footwear design details.  There were pressure points at the top of my foot and around the ankles.  Pressure was not being distributed evenly, which is what must happen in order for a shoe/boot to truly fit and be comfortable.  Simple test: if one feels "relief" when a shoe/boot is removed, then it's not a proper fit for your foot.  (The problem could be your foot as much as the shoe, of course.)In my instance, it was in fact a relief to remove them after wearing them several hours.  After removing my socks as well, I saw V-shaped reddened spots on my feet where at least some of the pain had been located.  My old Vasque Clarion boots never caused me such pain, at any point in their lifecycle; they fit well enough that I never felt the need to remove them to experience "relief".  I really wanted these boots to succeed just as well, but the pain is obviously a deal-breaker.
B004J2HSIC So light These are good boots so far... Took them to a few rainey trips, hiked about 5 miles each time, o problem at all.
B004J2HSLY very dissatisfied I received my shoes yesterday they were very attractive light very nice looking shoe .I really liked them until I wore them .it felt really good I look down at my feet about an hour later after wearing them and they had cracked all the way across the top of both feet as if they were folded in half .now my feet look dorkey in and brand new shoes very dissatisfied with the quality of this product.I guess I'll just wear them to work.very poor quality for $80 they should not crack across the top and look folded
B004J2HSLY a bit heavy duty Over all it feels a bit tighter for its size.  I expected a softer and more comfortable fit.  I don't find it bad. It is just not the more comfortable to wear for extended hours, it hurts your toes after an hour or so.
B004J2HSLY Slip-ons :-) Have only had mine for about two weeks,  Easy on easy off, Not bad for walking. I will be using mine for work where I must enter many homes I need to be able to remove and put them back on easily. At this point they appear to fit the bill.
B004J2HSLY timberland chocorua trail its good, its strong, its durable, i bought this so i could wear it to the office. it serves dual purposes. it is an outdoor shoe and also can be worn to the corporate world. i guess if you have this pair of shoes, you have succeeded in using one stone to kill two birds. it is a pair of shoes that will never disappoint you.its really strong and water resistant
B004J2HSLY 5 stars isn't enough in all my years of trying out various black shoe brands from florsheim to johnson murphy, clarks, rockport, etc., this is the MMMOOOOOSSSSSTTTTT comfortable: Timberland Chocorua Trail Slip. I wear dress shoes, shirt and tie to work for the past decade.These feel like sneakers, slippers, and a foot massager at the same time. it's waterproof, and sandproof (tested at a beach wedding), and all that with a bag of chips and the dip.I loved it so much that I bought another pair, in case Timberland decides to stop selling these.I also test dress shoes, by how comfortable they are after driving with them for an hour.
B004J2HSLY Rugged and comfortable Fits as expected, but requires some breaking in. Colour was a bit darker than what's advertised. Tough, weatherproof and highly recommended, my only gripe being that scuff marks show up somewhat prominently (nothing a good wipe-down won't fix).
B004J2HT6I Zipper does NOT stay zipped! I truly wanted this boot. It looks well-made and more handsome than the average waterproof shoe. But it just doesn't work. After a 500 yard walk, in rainy conditions (no snow) the right boot zipper was 50% down. The boots fit, they're warm, they're attractive, but unless the front zipper stays zipped, that's all for naught.I had read others' concerns about the same issue, and I thought "By now, they must have fixed that."I'd seen others' comments on other brands about the same thing, and I thought "Timberland will be better."No on both counts. To paraphrase Johnny Cochran: "Unless that zipper stays zipped, you've been gypped."
B004J2HT6I I expected better from Timberland. The boot would be great if not were that the zipper goes down after you walk a few meters. I'm rather disappointed with Timberland, as I expected better from them.  If not were for this issue I would love these boots.
B004J2HT6I Not as good as it looks The picture of these shoes look great. In reality they quite disappointed me.I was hopping for better ones.I should have chose different boots.
B004J2JGPA dumbwool made a big mistake getting the scramble with the smartwool lining. not as comfortable as i thought, and makes the tongue and upper seem bulky. i should have tried the ones without the smartwool lining. the style looks cool, but if i hadnt tried wearing them to break them in a little, i would have definately returnede them. this was one of those purchases i should not have made online!
B004J2LE2S They look exatly how they are in the pictures They run perfect for my size 12W I would recommend to buy extra insoles, they brake in easily. they re lite too, no complains so far.
B004J2LE2S Walk bright and tall I bought the black/red. At 11.5 they are perfectly true to size.The Timberland Men's Cadion Oxfords are extremely comfortable, showy without being distracting - and add just the right touch of a color to an otherwise conservative pant/shirt combination. I wear these with darker, designer jeans mostly  - they look terrific! I am enjoying the compliments.Although I wear these Timberlands frequently, they still look brand new. With this kind of durability,  I know I will be standing tall for years to come.
B004J2PCHG Quality is just not there. I got these for Christmas.  I went to lace them up for the first time and the very top leather loop strap just broke with ease.  Not what I expected from Timberland.  I'm still wearing them for now without lacing them all the way up.  I don't expect these to last very long and I don't recommend them.
B004J8YBDQ Very comfortable I bought these a few weeks ago and I cannot tell you how comfortable they are!! They fit perfectly well and give you a sense of power and control; very light and easy to walk with. Yes, it may be a bit hard to wear them or take them off, but it is all because they have perfect grip of your foot.
B004J8YBDQ good boot A little disappointed . Fits and is comfortable. Cool color and design. Low cut in back, barely qualifies as a mid.Lacing system has eyelets that laces must go through and not wrap around. More of a walking shoe and not so much a workboot. Overall,I like it but not for any real winter work because of the low cut.
B004JZPRWS Mens Oxfords They are very stylish ,feels very comfortable, easy to clean , and compared to similar shoes these are far superior.
B004JZRZSM Comfortable style These boots are the most perfect mix of style, comfort and ability to slip in under the radar for a business casual shoe if you cover the high top. I didn't buy these at Amazon, but I love them so much I wanted to review them anyway.The model line they are in Timerland's collection is specifically meant for long-time wearing and comfort. They do not disappoint. There is no break in period for them, the leather is soft, and the sole is not stiff. Style, comfort and durability with ankle support.I rated them 3 stars instead of 4 because I'm not sure how sold I am on the white sole. It's so common right now, I can't complain that much, but it's not exactly my taste.The shoes shipped with both leather laces and braided brown & gold laces. I prefer the leather laces as they tighten and hold their grip better.If you have any specific questions I'll be happy to answer them below.
B004JZVF88 Timberland Earthkeepers Oxford With this product was everything I expected, but I have to limit the packaging in which they sent me the measures exceeded more than 50% of the original box and because of this collection of my country move to increase significantly in relation the normal rate charged by a pair of shoes
B004K21KS0 Kim Jong Illin' As a short Asian male, I receive a much needed metaphorical and physical boost to systemically abused ego.Easy to slip on and off. Comfortable. Nice for my wide feet.
B004K22QM4 Somewhat small I'm disappointed.Had bought Timberland boots in the past, 6 without these, always a 9M size and never had a problem with fit, until now.Even without shoelace, it's really hard to put it on. It tight specialy in the heel and instep.Also, the quality looks pretty fine, but I have the feeling that the leather could scratch easily.
B004K22QM4 Break em' in Great boots. Nice look. REALLY comfortable. Wear them every day. Worth every penny of what you pay and honestly a great deal for what your getting. I was worried at first, because of the leather that connects the tongue to the inside of the boot to stop it from slipping down was digging a bit into my ankle. But that all broke in and went away after the first two weeks. I am really hard on shoes, and they look like they are gonna hold up just fine.
B004K22U84 NICE!!!!!!!! .. LOL. I love it.. Enough said really.Initially i was a bit nervous as i mistakenly ordered the 10W version. But it fits' comfy and well. I would recommend it. I like semi formal wear though..
B004K22W2S Very low quality. Thank the Chinese. Very cheaply made, the paint (!) was coming off the sole, the boot was a different size on one side opposed to the left? The stitching was uneven, and they looked like the wouldn't survive a night out. Disappointed, but this is what happens when you buy from an American company that outsourced to China. It goes to pieces.
B004K22W2S Love these These boots are really easy to get on and off and look very stylish. My only implant is the sole has some wood that's got a dark stain and it chips easily. Nothing a brown/black sharpie or woodgrain pen can't mend, but still a tad annoying.
B004K24NB6 Timberland City Endurance Gore-Tex Chukka I've been wearing these for about a month now.The boot itself is pretty good, looks nice, and is comfortable.However, the color is nowhere near the on-line light brown.Mine are more like a light grey.Not exactly what I wanted or was expecting, but I kept them anyway.The other issue I have is the foot-bed cushion/liner . . . ?It seems to bunch-up under the pad of my foot, especially towards the end of the day.Might be just me . . I dunno.Overall good, not sure worth the $ all things considered.Material and construction seems high quality (above issues not withstanding).
B004K26GMK Great item This item has been shipped very fast. A long time ago i like Timberland shoes and this is a great choice.
B004K2AMNO too large. not strong the size is very very  large. it is very terrible.and the smarwool is broken at the heel because the stocks&#12290;Never but these boot angain&#12290;
B004K66PAE Really Hard Time When I opened the box, I was in love with the boots but when I treid to put them on I had a really hard time.
B004K66PAE Very satisfied! These boots are extremely comfortable (no breaking-in required), well made, stylish &#8211; and best of all, a fantastic price. If you are looking for a solid-colored boot, Artisan Gold may not be the right choice. (Personally, I  appreciate a boot that offers a distressed look. So, I'm loving the unique finish and scuffs.)My only complaint concerns shipping. Perhaps it was because of the NYE holiday, but I placed my order on December 30 and it wasn't actually shipped until January 4 and then finally received 6 days later.
B004K66PAE Cowgirl for halloween I needed some Cowboy boots to compliment my halloween outfit that were not as expensive as the real deal,here they are! P.s. Timberland did an awesome job and they have a variety of colors n shades to pick from....(satified with my 11w)
B004K66PAE beautiful boot Purchased these in Olive. .  beautiful and very neutral. They look great with jeans and fit well with them tucked in . I ordered 1/2 size larger and they fit perfect. I purchased them from the Timberland website for about $60 (clearance pricing with 30% off). Having a great clearance sale January 2012. Then free shipping with the promotional code SHIP100
B004K66PAE awful fit... I hoped the comments about a stiff top foot wouldn't apply. But, these were an awful fit. No give at all across the foot.
B004K66PAE Very Comfy I was looking for gray and was happy when they came that they were totally gray not the olive described. (That should be changed.) Boot is very comfy and stylish. There is a nice padding in the foot which is great and unusual. Walked around shopping all day in them and looked good doing it.
B004K66PAE fantastic lovelly item, you well love it, and you need to owne it soon, i advise you for this lovelly item
B004K6A5TG Timberland Women's Nevali Penny Loafer Pump, Black, 7 This shoe is great for the office. Very sharp and wearable. I would recommend it and have enjoyed having it.
B004K6A758 commited I had these before from the manufacturer and had been searching for them for awhile.I was sooo glad to find them here.These are the all around nice.Good height to the heel for dress slacks,casual enough for jeans you can show off just a glimpse of your interesting trouser sock choice.Comfortable with good stability, I have a position where I walk and stand a lot the shoes were not the first thing off when I hit the door that speaks volumes.
B004K6A758 really comfortable If you are gonna wear it all day without a single complaint, this is the right clog for you. I love it.
B004K6A758 The perfect clog! I just adore these clogs! I purchased my first pair in dark brown on Amazon's sister site, endless .com. They are very comfortable (courtesy of the "ANTI FATIGUE" technology applied to the insoles), and can be worn year-round.  The quality of the leather, stitching and overall construction of the shoe makes them very attractive as well.  Buying them at just a fraction of the retail value was an added bonus.
B004K6A758 My favorite shoe purchase of 2011! Three cheers for the "Leather-covered anti-fatigue foam footbed"!!!  These shoes are well designed both in terms of form & comfort.  I just liked the look of them & missed the perk of the foam footbed when I looked at them on-line, but that feature is AWESOME!I usually wear new shoes around the house a few times to break them in before wearing them out anywhere.  Both pair (I bought brown & burgundy) were comfortable in every aspect from the moment I put them on which is a rare treat, but I wore them for hours and the balls of my feet never even started to get sore.  Same thing when I started wearing them out of the house.They look great on &, in fact, are actually more attractive than they appear on-line.  As an artist, I always appreciate any functional item that has great form & balance.  These have both.  The leather finish is sort of irregular, but not in a bad way -- they look broken in without looking worn out.Do yourself a favor.  Kick-off those awful six inch platforms that have had women clomping around like ponies (& have had even runway models tripping over their own feet) for the past several years.  Step into a pair of shoes designed and constructed by folks who know what they are doing and make their footwear for humans to wear in real life.  When you get them on and remember what it's like to walk with a normal gait, ache-free, and still feel stylish, you'll be very happy you did.
B004K6C6ZW black I lopve the way these boots fit . and I love that ther are hardcore timberlands many females did not believe that they were timbs
B004K6C6ZW Very diverse-- These boots can be 'shrunk' down to the calf or left to the knee.  The straps are adjustable!  Love these
B004K6E5V0 ok abit of stains on the shoes, dont know how to remover them but except all that its okay .. ...
B004KIKXMI many compliments! comfortable! many compliments! comfortable! don't buy it though i want to be original, just kidding. great look in person, on your wrist.
B004KIKXPK Great LittleUmbrella I bought it in Chicago 10 summers ago. I have used it every raining season in New York.The handle is so soft for my hand, and the main body is strong enough to fight with strong wind.The vented design is the greatest part of this umbrella, and the size is small enough to be in a lady's bag.If it is available again, I will buy 10 and give one to each of my family member.
B004KJNOOG Bogus offer Waited approx. 3 mos. for delivery after I purchased the clogs.Amazon kept notifying me about delays until they finally told me theshoes were never coming.I had taken advantage of a low price ($40) and my feeling is that Timberlandregretted the offer and simply didn't want to honor their end of the deal.Needless to say this long-time customer will never own another pair of Timberlands.
B004KQ2O9A A Timberland hit This is a comfortable and classic loafer style pump.  Wear at the office and whether walking most of the day or sitting the fit is comfortable .  Well worth the investment!
B004KQ2O9A Timberland Stratham Pump Comparable to the Stratham Boot, this is a comfortable and attractive pump.  The heal is not too high.  A great shoe for all seasons and weather.  It works for casual or professional attire.
B004KQ4IWG very sexy They look hot on my hot wife. The fit was spot on and she loved them, brownie points galore, nuff said.
B004KQ4IWG Annoying I only gave it 3 stars because the leather is stiff from the top and rubs into your leg, and it is annoying especially if you are driving and wearing those boots!
B004KQ4IWG Serious  Disappointment  ! I  decided  to  order  these  during  a  recent  cold  wet  storm .I  had  just  bought  a  couple  of  Nine West  boots  ( slightly  taller heel )  but  the  uppers  were  really  a  dry  weather  bootand  the  soles  were  the  smooth  ones  ( Not  good  traction  rubber  for  inclement  weather ) .The  Nine West  were  soooooo  easy  to  walk  in  tho  and  I  could  even  sprint  for  the  metro  if  need  be .The  Timberlands  are the  same  size as  my  Ariats & Nine West ( which  fit  great )  But  the Timberland  fit like a size  smaller .Altho  the  exterior  size  is  similar  I  suspect  it  is  maybe  a  stiffer leather  but  more  likely  the  NO  give interior  lining .The  first  warning  sign  was  when  I  tried  to  remove  the  form  fitted  stuffing  that  is  in  most  shoes  now .This  was  the  1st  time  ever  I  was  unable  to  pull  it  out  and  had  to  get  a  pair  of  pliers  to  extract  it .It  also took  more  effort  to  get  them  on  but  once  standing  I  was  very  happy  with  the  rubber  soles .That  soon  faded  as  I  tried  walking  down  the  hall .  The  uppers  felt  like  concrete ,  No  give !I  think  these  would  be  my  first  shoes  ever  to  cause  blisters  on  the  TOP  of  the  foot  .I  am  Not  happy  about  having  to  return  them  because  they  were  well  styled  &  could  have  been  an  all  day  shoe .I  even  considered  ripping  the  lining  out  but  if  there  was  still  an  issue ,  they  would  not  be  returnable  .Now  I  will  have  to  get  by  with  the  Ariat  ropers  for bad  weather  &  carry  a  2nd  pair  of  shoes  to  change  into .Sad  .  .  .
B004KQ4IWG Great Quality, Stylish Booties! Gorgeous booties,Timberland delivers! I love the design and the high quality of these booties-- they are also waterproof leather. Very comfortable with great cushioning inside, it's hard to believe that it has a pretty high heel. I really like these with jeans and dresses and can wear them for a whole day.  And I got many compliments while wearing them!  I would recommend this for anyone who wants to look good with a little heel,  but also comfortable.
B004KQ4IWG the most convenient footwear the most convenient footwear which now I carry. I have very brisk rhythm of life, it is necessary to run about and stand standing, but this footwear is excellent cares of my feet. The only thing about what I wanted to warn buyers if you love that the foot was more free in volume choose wide completeness.
B004KQ4IWG nice I bought this pair for my wife and she loved them. Hardly no one in NJ has them ,she gets asked all the time where she gots them. They seem to find it hard they are Timberlands. A great quality shoe comfortable and stylish.
B004KQ4IWG Love them but... I think these are great looking and no worries about wearing them in the rain - what I was looking for - but decided the heel is just a bit too high to be comfortable for any amount of walking.  Too bad, I liked them..
B004KRE9N8 Shit Newer order the watches from Ashford.com. Replica, face was scratched, no warranty from manufacture, no serial numbers, besides, something is floating in dial face. Totally junk. S***, how I made such a mistake! Please, order just from Amazon.com and not from other sites which have just their own warranty and not from the manufacturer.
B004KREA6O Love this watch! This watch is so easy to read but doesn't look like all those obnoxiously large watches.I removed the wide leather band and use it with just the simple black band. It looks casual or dressy. Works for all situations.
B004KREA6O Cool Watch I like this watch and the thick band, but the band doesn't go all the way around in the same thickness which is my only complaint. Otherwise it is great and fits great. I have a tiny wrist and this was just what I was looking for.
B004KRG90Y Best Price! Ahead of delivery! Watch was good looking and attractive personally! Best Price! Ahead of delivery! Watch was good looking and attractive personally (My preference). Compass works great comparable with the compass on my car!
B004KRG9JU This watch looks just the way I hoped! It looks very well put together&#60;3....love it! I also bought the black one which was on sale. Timberland is quality thank you
B004L32PFU Great buy The boots are very comfortable and they are surprisingly light.. I liked the shape.. It is slightly darker than the picture here
B004L32PFU Price in Dollars, quality in Yuhan! It is true that those boots are lighter than the classic Timberland boots.But the quality of the leather is awfull: it feels like cardboard (very dry), and it wears as quickly.I got mine dented simply walking 3 days in the street, same experience for my brother after 2 days.I am afraid those won't last has long as when they were "proudly made in the USA".
B004L32PFU Did exactly what i needed I had to drag a body through the woods for about 2 miles to be sure to have it hidden. They held well, even the reviews about the shoe laces i seemed to disbelieve, they held up fine for the terrain i took them through. I trudged through creek beds, up rocks, and over multiple fallen trees. Not to mention the 8 foot hole i had to dig in the mud seeing as its cold, they even kept my feet warm. Over all quite impressed with the comfort level. Would recommend to anyone on a mission.
B004L32PFU Fancy workboot? The leather used is good quality. All seams and joins seem solid. They are comfortable on the feet, with good support, and enough give to last all day. Realistically, you aren't going to use these for work, @ $180 a pop, so they should last a while. I don't know if Timberland have the re-soling option.When they arrived, the lace on the right boot was frayed, about 8" down from end, and needed replaced. The lace on left boot had glue starting at the tip, and covering the lace for about 3 inches. I contacted Timberland about getting replacement laces, and they told me to send everything back to Amazon. So that's $10 shipping, and a 3 week turnaround for a pair of $3 laces, lol. It's not mine, nor is it Amazons fault, so why Timberland deemed us as the ones to be put out, I have no idea. Needless to say, I just stopped off at the shops and bought a new pair.They're a good pair of boots, but not particularly standout; especially in comparison to some of the same-priced competition *cough* Rockport *cough* , and for that, and the dissatisfaction that I had with their customer service, I dropped them one star.And I know for definite you can send your boots back to Rockport to be re-soled.
B004L32PFU Breaking in took some time The boots look pretty good, but are a bit narrower than I wanted. Also, the leather was a bit stiff, and took some serious breaking in. Even only wearing them for a couple hours here and there at first was an ordeal. Once they're broken in though, they're pretty comfortable, but you may want to think about some cushioned insoles.
B004L36UN8 Comfortable right off the bat These boots were comfortable right off the bat&#8230;..the leather was very supple and broke in completely within a few hours of wear.
B004L36WD6 Very cool It's very cool adn supremely comfortable.I like it !I've worn these boots on long hikes, traversing loose sand, rockyoutcrops, and steep hill sides.
B004L36XCG Better Price Than the Mall The shoes were available from a store at the mall for $55.00 more than what they were through Amazon.com.  Save the time - money and aggravation at the mall and sit at your computer and let your mouse do the "walking" for you at Amazon.com.
B004L8O8CI Comfortable but Stiff! These shoes arrived on time in fact sooner than expected. Packing was exactly as described by the previous reviewer. The heel and inside is comfortable but the top part of the shoe is very stiff and hard. It puts pressure on the foot from above. I am not sure if I am keeping them or returning yet.
B004L8O8CI LOOKS GOOD WHAT CAN I SAY, PACKAGE WELL WITH PROPER LABELING AND ON TIME. THE SHOE CAME TO A PO BOX WHICH I AM ESTACTIC AND JUST APPRECIATIVE OF. IT ALLOWS EASY PICK UP WHILE I AM DOING ERAND RUNNING AND SENDING OUT HOLIDAY STUFF WHILE I AM INSIDE OF THE POST OFFICE. THIS ALSO GENERATE BUSINESS FOR THE AILING POST OFFICE. SO THANKS FOR ALLOWING THAT!!!THE SHOES ITSELF ARE WONDERFUL AND COMFORTABLE. THEY ARE WARM TOO AND LOOK GREAT IN JEANS....
B004L8RJP6 just as presented These boots are just as the picture conveys.  They are well-made, true-to-size, very warm and comfortable with adequate support.  The ties tend to come undone easily but the ties allow for adjustment as well as being a cool style detail.  I would definitely buy them again and think they are a good value.
B004L8USFO Luv luv luv I just love my boots. You can dress them up with a short skirt or pair of jeans. Every one ask me where and how much I paid for them. Nobody believed I payed such a low price for a well made leather boot.
B004LBQJXG Great looking boots Unfortunately, they haven't stood up to the test of time. I haven't been overly hard on them, but the soles are completely bald. One of the loops on the back came undone while trying to pull the boot on. I'd say these are okay for the price that I paid for them, but I doubt I would buy another pair.
B004LL1ELS Can't Beat the Price I saw the same boots in American Eagle and they were over $125.  I purchased these for half the price.  They are a beautiful boot.
B004LL1ELS The faux fur is GREEN! The fit is great, haven't worn them in the snow yet but I was quite surprised that the faux fur is green! I thought it was black or gray from the product photo.
B004LLSV5U cheap It is cheap but not worth it. I would suggest to buy more expensive one, or go to buy at the store.
B004LLSV5U Pretty, but huge I bought these on a lightning deal in December thinking they would be good boots to wear to/from/during my job, which needs to be professional dress but you end up outside sometimes.  I liked them, but realized that they were harder to get on and much bigger than I thought-- meaning they wouldn't likely fit under any pair of pants, and really could only be worn over skinny pants of some sort.  I was sad... but I had to send these back.  A good buy-- but don't get them if you want to wear them under any pants.
B004LLSV5U timberland boots I really like the fit and warmth of the boot. The only issue that I have is: I wish they zipped instead of lacing up.
B004LLSV5U Warm I likey Comfy & cozyGreat for North Dakota weatherLove the colorAffordableEasy to put on & take off ,
B004LLSV5U GOOD I very like this product! Color was very beautyful! Develop your communications skills. Administrative assistants are the key office contacts.
B004LQL3K0 LOVE this boot Please please please Timberland, continue to make this boot! I bought a pair after my 20-year-old Timberlands gave up the ghost and should have bought two. They're that good, folks.
B004LQL8M8 Stylish and very comfortable These look great with full length pants, jeans, khaki's whatever.  I love these shoes! Another fabulous Timberland product. I wore it with a royal blue button down, and khakis.  Got lots of compliments.
B004MPRHGY Timberland Hands Down......... I've said it before and I'll say it again.....never a dissappoinment. Great material, craftsmanship, style. Worth their money in every way!!!! Thanks Timberland!!!!!
B004MPRIL8 timberland its looks good and fits  right , comfortable  as expected , its al so right on time. Thank you very much
B004MPRR78 Cutest little boot EVER! These boots look exactly like the pics. I got them for my 2-year-old daughter for Christmas and have already gotten a TON of compliments on them. They have a very vintage equestrian look and can go over or under pants very easily. LOVE THEM.
B004NRUZQ0 Beautiful and unique !! What I enjoy most about this  boot ,is that it is so beautiful and unique, so different from the tradicional models !! Its looks cute whith jeans and coat !! And, fits perfect !!!
B004NRUZQ0 cheap plastic looking My boots just arrived and upon opening and trying these on the folded fleece piece is all wrinkled and crooked--it will never fold down flat and look nice.  The "leather" looks really cheap--I find it hard to believe it is leather.  Really disappointed in the product.  These are going back for sure.
B004NRUZQ0 I wish I could have put them on to review their comfort! I was really looking forward to receiving these boots!  They were advertised in Athleta catalog for $170, so I got a better deal here.  But when they arrived, I couldn't even get them on!  The lack of zippers, gores, or expandable areas made just putting them on impossible.  My foot simply couldn't get down into the bottom of the boot!  Perhaps once the leather softened and the boot weren't so stiff and I had narrower than normal feet I MAY have been able to get them on, but alas, no.  I'll be returning them and shopping locally.  And they looked so cute!  Oh well.
B004NRUZQ0 disappointed I usually love Timberland boots, but i was disappointed with these. They were smooth leather instead of suede and not as tall as pictured. They also were not comfortable. I returned them.
B004NRUZQ0 Comfortable but has a rustic finish and does not have a great grip on metal road covers and grounds with thin layer of ice My husband bought this one online for me. I really find this shoe very comfortable and could walk for hours without discomfort.I wasn't expecting a very rustic finish. The images don't give you a feel of texture but it goes well with all types of jeans.The outsole looks very lasting bit I nearly slipped a couple of type walking on  metal road covers and grounds with thin layer-  both surfaces not particularly avoidable in downtown ChicagoOverall , I still like it.Thanks.Susan
B004NRYKZC Outstanding! I am VERY fussy about shoes. If it's not comfortable, functional, AND cute, it's not happening - which is why when I find something that truly meets my expectations, I will wear it everyday with everything, regardless. I learned early that my feet are unusually sensitive, and I turn into a crabby beast real quick if they hurt, so I don't fart around.These Timbs go above and beyond my expectations in every catatory. My feet can stay relaxed and mobile, yet stable and supported. The rubber soul provides extra cushion and traction while preventing any noisey, disruptive clomping (which drives me bananas). They are warm but not hot. The slight heel is more than I would typically ever wear but it is not even remotely bothersome. I haven't had a chance to test the waterproofing, but I plan to give them a coat of protectant as well because I want to help these puppies last FOR-EV-ER. (I'm pretty sure it happens)And, the BONUS PRIZE in addition to all these fabulous qualities is that they are CUTE AS HECK!! Adorable. They are super versatile. I will have no problem fitting them into all aspects of my wardrobe and life. (People are gonna be trying to knock me down and take 'em ...but I'm all NINJA SKILLS! And then they run away.)Every once in a while I find something that I know I will wear for the rest of my life - or until it is absolutely beyond further repair - and these boots are one of those rare gems. I wish I could hug the designer. Seriously.I typically wear 8.5/9 and went for the 9 in these so I can wear thick socks if I need, and they fit right in that sweet spot where any style sock is fully functional without hesitation. It's pretty romantic :)Fantastic shipping and service in all regards!A++
B004NRYO0S I love these Tims! This is a must have boots. Very different, unique and fashion forward, can be paired with almost anything. Then fit was on point as well.
B004P1A5YG Beware of the Cheap Strap I had these shoes on a 150-mile section hike I did on the Appalachian Trail recently, and I was very happy with them for a limited time.  They were comfortable, lightweight, and I loved how they folded up so easily.  However, my happiness was short lived.  After only two weeks, one of the straps with which I had used a carbeiner to attach to the outside of my pack (just like I saw in one of their own ads) broke. When I looked at the remaining shoe, I noticed that strap on that one was rather frayed.  Great shoe: cheap strap!
B004P1A5YG Coolest shoes I own They are comfortable, convenient, compact, and reliable. I will have a job working in the outdoors this summer and these will be accompanying me the whole way. Awesome concept.
B004P1A5YG U of I colors These shoes are great in concept but they just don't fit my female feet the way I had hoped. The true allure was the pack-ability of these things.
B004P1A5YG Can't go wrong These cool timberland shoes or whatever you want to call them are great. Very comfortable and what I love the most is how they can easily be packed for traveling.
B004P1A5YG Great Extra Shoe for Camping/Hiking I really like the light weight and easy to pack concept of these shoes. However not meant for walking long periods of time. I will try putting new insoles as recommended by other reviewers.
B004P1A5YG Citron / vert / lime is YELLOW Not ordered from Amazon, but another vendor showed an attractive electric-green color. When received, shoe was labeled as indicated but was yellow. Oh well. Otherwise, my size 11's are 7.5 ounces apiece which is very light. They feel like lace-on slippers but with a thicker patterned sole. There is no real cushioning except for the felt footbed, which isn't much. However, quite comfortable and packable--the reasons purchased. Pleased.Update: Cushioned inserts, available just about anywhere, greatly increase comfort without increasing weight or bulk significantly. I cut off the zipper-pulls and rubber-band the shoes tops-together--the most compact way to carry.
B004P1A5YG Quite special, and good to have in the bag. From what little competition I have seen, the product is uniquely useful and efficient in solving a common footwear problem:  Having something light, compact, durable, comfortable, and with sufficient coverage, as backup shoes, and as something to wear when the heavier stuff is airing out.  I have no reservation in recommending this product to meet this type of need.  I am happy to own two pairs.  Also, fortunately, with the flexibility given its light materials, and the adaptable means of fastening, these are very comfortable for wide feet as presumably they are for medium sizes.My markdown to four stars has to do with one particular design complaint.  The clam-shell zipper is very clever for packing, and works conveniently to hold a spare pair of socks in each shoe.  However, I really doubt this is a proper way to put them away for long-term storage.  It is just logical (and intuitive) that the stresses of folding a sole so radically are not good for very long.  It would have been so simple for the design, with a different choice of zippers, to maintain this feature; but, also, to allow the shoes to be stacked top-to-top and to be enclosed with the same basic zipper concept, taking away the stress of a folded sole.  I realize that I can simply lay the shoes flat, unattached, but it bugs me that that risks separation and loss as part of the gear.  So clever a product as far as it goes, but the final result falls a little bit short of what it obviously could have been.
B004P1A5YG I am in love This shoe is amazing. So comfy, very warm despite only a fleece footbed and windbreaker-like rest of shoe. I will be living in these and ordering more colors. I have a messed up ankle from a car accident, most shoes cause pain, but not these, and GREAT traction! As far as sizing goes, 1/2 sizes would be brilliant...otherwise I'd say true to size. I am a women's 9 1/2, got a 10 to be safe. They are a little roomy as they are unisex. Not narrow by any means. My nxt pair will be a women's 9 just because I will want a pair to wear sock-less.Ordered on a sat, rcvd the following Sat. Altrec did not disappoint.
B004P1A5YG Sent them back What was I thinking....folding shoes! Offers no support, sized too small anyway. Weak moment I guess. Might be ok for kids.
B004P1A5YG Best shoe ever. Absolutely love this shoe. Light as air and practical, space saving, easy on, easy off, washes excellently.Great for walking around in, made better if you remove the supplied insole and slip in a better one...can't fault these shoes and I live in them now.Saddest thing is, they seem in VERY short stock and limited supply in my size 11 (D)M...can't understand why Timberland has eased off on manufacturing them. I have two pairs and would be very happy to order two more- if they made them available again!!
B004P1A5YG Interesting Kicks I was kind of intrigued by the product description.  Honestly, I've never bought Timberland footwear that I didn't like or love. I bought these for travel and packing away in my bag so I had something to put on went I went somewhere I'd rather not do barefoot. They're comfy, but don't exactly slip on. More of a tussle, but I like the feel when they are on. A little early to say, but I sort of like these hi-tech moccasins. Maybe I'll update after a better field trial.
B004P1Q84C Price is right for comfort and toughness... Hello.Recently acquired these boots just because I liked how the color combination looked (yes, I'm so compulsive that even stuff like that entices me to buy and buy ;-)). The price was definitely right for a pair of Timberlands, and since I don't have too many boots, decided to order. Glad I did.Looking at the reviews one trend was easily seen, it seems they run small. So I went ahead and ordered a size 13... fits like a Glove! They are comfortable, seem that they'd survive an earthquake+typhoon and they look excellent with Jeans!If you are on the fence, just jump, no need to think too much ;-)Thanks.
B004P1YU8I nice,dirty easily Wear comfortable, look very good, but easy to get dirty, rainy day . Don't wear.Hope the prices will be cheaper
B004P35ERM not so big My wife got me this brand of slipper for Christmas last year. I found a pair of mens size 7 that will fit her. These are the greatest slipper EVER & she's gonna love em. Nuff said.
B004P39M0C Best Chukka ever... First of all, these fit like a glove and after breaking in even better. And the gray looks awesome after wearing a few days and the distressed look kicks in. Don't buy these if you expect the new finish/color to stay as new. They immediately show a really cool distressed look. I love them with jeans and they look great with jeans and a sportcoat for biz casual cool.
B004P3AH8I Phenomenal Style & Warmth..... although they are extremely comfortable, walking in them for extended periods of time (and I'm talking over 8hrs canvasing the city) they tend to not feel very soft. Although I could attribute this to the fact that wear I tennis shoes CONSTANTLY, so perhaps my feet are not accustomed to shoes that are not cushioned in a similar fashion to a sport shoe. Still an exceptional boot for the money and I love them
B004PAKMFY Love them!! I ordered these for my son in place  of the tan timberland boots he wanted so badly. He was ho-hum about these because he is 17 and picky (teen years)and disappointed that he couldn't get the boots because the style he wanted was too expensive for my wallet. Well he got them in the mail prior to picking me up from work and the smile on his face could not have been bigger!!! He actually wore them to pick me up he was so excited!!! Suddenly I was the best mom in the world. I love them because the quality of the shoe is superb. From the supple leather upper to the thick grooved sole! Can't beat the price.
B004PAPNYY Just great sunglasses These are great looking sunglasses for the price. The half surround holds up better in my experience than the screwed together full surround. They may be a little bit dark for some, but the rubberized over-the-ear piece holds on even after sweating. You might want to tighten the nose piece screw. (Mine fell off after a few days.)
B004PAPNYY Classy sunglasses The sunglasses is a good buy for me. However, it is not suitable for wide face people as it would not fit properly!
B004PAPNYY PERFECT...so far These sunglasses are now my new favorite pair. I have zero complaints, other than I feel like I may have the same problem with these that I have with any low-priced metal frame glasses: corrosion. Maybe I'm especially acidic or salty or something, but metal frames always corrode for me. At this point in time though, these are GREAT!!
B004PAPNYY dont now if is original or bad done this glasses seems original to me but dont lok ok in my face  jus a little separete from my face and i still see down stare, seem to be a good copy, so be careful if your about to buy this
B004PFNIBY Poor Quality Lenses These glasses have a nice fit and feel.  That's where it ends.  Put them on and face the sun.  Glare central.  You get what you pay for with budget glasses.  Spend some money for quality lenses with polarization.  Timberland makes great boots but I don't trust their sunglasses.
B004PFNIBY They're no Rayban's, but decent for the price! Purchased these aviator sunglasses to replaced my Rayban's, which I accidently sat on.  They're definitely not in Rayban's league, but neither is the price.  Pretty much, you get what you pay for.  Nice sub-$40 dollar glasses.  A step above the gas station aviator glasses, but you also well aware you're not wearing $100 sunglasses either.  I'm happy with them and I won't be so upset, if I end up sitting on them.
B004PFPDNK Quite good for the money Got this as gift for a family member. It feels good, even if yoy can't really compare with Rayban or another expensive brand.It comes with a pouch with Timberland logo but no case.Does the job for the money.
B004PNE720 Stiff in the ankle area I've worn Timberland Pro Titans in the past.  Loved teh Titans, but the sole would split at the red stripe.  Decided to try the Helix, since it has a one piece sole.  They are okay, but the ankle is too stiff, and tends to crease rather than bend evenly, creating pressure points where they crease.
B004PNE720 Work boots This is the real thing, I have used these in various environments from jungle to desert through tropical rainy seasons and never failed me, are lightweight and comfortable, this is my fifth pair and I will continue using in the future.
B004PNE720 high expectations I was really hoping these boots would have worked out but after about a week of wearing them they stared killing my ankles.i was so disappointed because they were VERY comfortable minus that issue. i spoke to a couple of people who have this boot but they didnt have this issue so it must be an irregular shaped ankle bone which i cant file down.I would still reccomend this boot because of timberlands 30 day comfort guarantee.
B004PNE720 Nice boot! I have had my boots for about 3 weeks now and have to say that they are very comfortable. My only criticism would be that the leather is very soft, any kneeling on concrete or scrape on anything abrasive is immediately evident on the leather.
B004PNE720 buen producto very durable boots are comfortable for walking, is very easy to clean as well as the leather is very easy to clean
B004PNE720 Great The most longest lasting, comfortable boots i have ever wore! They are very lightweight can't even tell that they are a saftey toe!
B004PZYM3C Chelsea style I bought these for my Watchmen 'Rorschach' costume but when I tried them on, I decided I would also wear them this winter for weekends. They are VERY comfortable. Look, I admit that I am a shoe 'snob'. I wouldn't normally wear these things but I was really pleasantly surprised to realize how comfortable these were.  I could do without the engraved logo at the heels but the overall look is ok. I need these to get pretty distressed-looking and I'm hoping a winter season of wear will do that. Meanwhile, I will just enjoy the comfort.
B004PZYM3C Timberland boot, Washington-Chelsea Trim, sturdy & utilitarian. Still going strong after two years of service. Pleased in all respects with purchase, highly recommended.
B004Q01HZM Quality Construction These boots are clearly well built--  the leather is fairly thick and sturdy but still supple enough to be comfortable. They are welted, which means that the soles can be replaced if need be at some later date. Plus, they look great. I got them for $105, which was a good deal. I'd definitely buy again.
B004Q01HZM Rough, Rugged and Raw I first saw these on Timberland's website but they were sold out. I waited a week before checking Ebay and Amazon. Amazon, had them listed the lowest so Amazon wins.Pros:Style is 100% on pointVery comfortable for this style of bootThe soft upper leather makes moving around easy.I've received compliments from strangersGoes well with almost any clothing you own.Cons:Soft leather = easy to stain.
B004Q01HZM didnt fit too big the didnt fit its my number and they fited like and inch more had to sell them .
B004Q01HZM Please i need your help Please i need change the size of the Boots  of 11 to 10,5 its urgent And this is the only place that i can comun&iacute;cate with you. I wainting your answer for this. Thanks for all And sorry for my error
B004Q01HZM Just got them and they are comfortable I must say that these boots seem very comfortable. I got very lucky and got them at the timberland outlet for 30 bucks!!!
B004Q01HZM Made in China What else can I say.  The boot is a beautiful and functional design, would give it 5 stars.  I purchased these premium priced boots thinking I was supporting an american worker. Once I saw the made in China label, I packaged them up and sent em back.  More Americans should do the same.
B004Q01I4W Comfy I have had several pairs. Comfortable, easy on and off and okay for reasonably long walks.  The previous version was wasable but they stopped making.  These do not seem washable.  So what? They are my all time favorite shoes adjustsble draw string but no shoe laces to mess with.
B004QHEXPG they look hot... I bought them for my nephew and we both love the looks of it. First a little stiff on the back side but nothing major after wearing a few times.
B004QHEXPG Timberland Men's Newmarket HS Boot,Blue,14 W US  Review This is an excelent footwear. The perfect price/quality relationship. high durability and confort shoe. There 's a lot to say about the brand Timberland, but we already know it.
B004QNGNZS Fair This slipper looks nicer on the picture than it does in real life. It is comfortable and relatively light weight.
B004RDY5LQ Nice polo Good quality make, brightly colored. Good for a polo to wear to the beach, a resort, or on a cruise (which is why I bought it), or if you're someone who wears bright colors regularly.
B004RDY836 I like it! I like it! Fit well~ It is quite cost-effective, and I will recommend it to my family and my friends.
B004RKE00A timberland sunglasses are great these glasses look real sharpand they really take care of the sun glareeverything looks so cool and stress free when you are wearing themthey are lightweight and fit very snug to my head but without any presureto the the ears or templeplus i like red / blk color combo
B004RKE00A WalkingOnTiptoesWithThese First off, I picked these glasses cause of the two ban sun protection it has, blocking out up to 99 percent of harmful rays and it does have good eye coverage, also the polarizer lens, though not as pronounced as I have had in other glasses, but perhaps more realistic, and it does give a cool mellow look that I like and I do feel that my eyes are protected behind them, but that being said, the glasses came with one lens partially popped out and that was so disappointing to me, and the thought of sending them back seemed such a hassle, so I took a chance and took them to Walmart to the glass department there and a young lady just so instantly and easily popped the lens back in and I was happy about that, as I really do like the glasses, and they are very lightweight, but they seem so very fragile. I am trying to be so ultra-careful with them, not even liking to open and close them, though at times you have to do that, and I wish they had come in a hard case, instead of the velvet bag. Bottom line, I need eye protection and I like the eye protection these have, though I do wish it had a stronger polarizing effect, but it does reduce glare quite a bit, almost to zero, so it's doing its job. Just know that these glasses require tender loving care, and seem to lack little or no tolerance for the least little abuse.
B004RKE00A Good sunglasses, but could be cheaper These are decent sunglasses. I like the design, and that it comes with a cloth case. My only complaint is that I feel I could by the same quality glasses at a gas station for $8. The materials are a little flimsy and my pair is ever so slightly warped.
B004RKE00A I wear sunglasses at night. I am picky about sunglasses and i really like these. I have sensitivity to light and yes I do wear my sunglasses at night, sometimes. There is no or hardly any glare with these sunglasses. They fit me well.
B004RKJ8CU Best sock for jeans This is probably the best all-around sock for jeans and compares favorably with a similar sock sold by The Territory Ahead (which is also available in other colors).
B004RKW7RI Love these shorts!!! At first, I was a bit reluctant about purchasing these shorts because I thought plaid shorts were for young men, not a 42 year old.  Well, I'm glad I decided to.  These shorts are great!  They're true to size, lightweight and fit perfectly.  The pockets are roomy as well.  In fact, these shorts look so good I'm planning on buying the darker color as soon as I get some money together.  The only thing I haven't done is run them through the washer.  Once I do that, I'll post a follow-up to let everybody know how they turned out.
B004RQ1GPG good for standing long hours anti-fatigue system great for standing, and also for carrying heavy loads, as the 2 layer cushioning system does not bottom out even when carrying the heaviest things I can handle. Then again I'm only 160 lbs., so maybe these boots feel even better to heavier wearers, who might be able to better activate this very effective cushioning system. Complaints are minor, with the fit being slightly on the loose and baggy side, which I remedy by wearing thick work socks, although I probably could have gotten away with a half size smaller than I thought I needed. Also, this boot has a very high heel compared to what I usually wear, which is taking some getting used to, which I hope will only be a temporary inconvenience while I adjust to the new stride.
B004RQ1GPG Comfortable but a few issues I purchased the Helix 6" composite toe boot about 6 months ago and overall it's been a great, comfortable workboot for me.However, as an HVAC installer I find myself pretzel'd up in many different ways and it was only a couple of days before the plastic top lace hooks snapped. Fortunately they still worked but you have to be careful tying them because they slip out easy until they're tied. Once tied they hold fine but I can't tell you how many times I've tried to quickly lace them and they slip out and you have to slow down and make sure they stay.So 4 stars for me...
B004RQ1GPG Helix boot I`ve had these boots for about 3 weeks and cannot wear them for more than 15 minutes at a time as they dig into the front of my ankles where the lace holders are!! very disappointed, especially as I have had 4 pairs of Timberland Titan before these and have found them to be confortable from day one.
B004RQ1GPG thank you i love them fits like a glove couldnt be happier i would recommend timberland bootsto any one who looking
B004RQ1GPG Timberland cutting corners I love my old timberlands but after purchasing new ones I notice little things like shorter shoe laces, less width in the tougne.ect. Disappointed
B004RQ1JH6 Erratic failures in ESD testing I bought this shoe as I hate the hassle of wearing ESD straps.For past 6 months the shoes been inconsistent in passing ESD test in the factory.The failure shift's from one shoes to another and sometime both of them passed.I have tried different type of socks, lotions and test them in different part of the day, it did notchange. For some reason I been failing for a month continuously and now have to wear a ESD strap on top of theso called ESD shoes.I'm giving two stars as they are comfy.
B004RQ1JH6 12e shoes way too big. 12e is my size. Bought wolverine fit fine. must be a problem in the labeling. Good day.
B004RQ1JH6 Very good look and great comfortable sole but rigid front end reduces the flexibility and caused discomfort Very good look and great comfortable sole but rigid front end reduces the flexibility and caused discomfort. These shoes are a little large for the size
B004RQ1JH6 Doesn't pass ESD, useless Not much to say. I bought these for lab use, and they fail our tester, 90-100 meg ohms vs. 40 maximum allowable. Not generally wearing steel toed shoes, that definitely throws off the weight balance a bit, but they're going back because they simply aren't what they are claimed to be.
B004RQ1N8Q great traffic I liked boots. These arr good for pirates. I can jump higher and run backwards. I replaced the souls with kittens.
B004RQ38B6 No complaints no complaints. it's a pair of shoes...not a car. only downside is, they do not enable me to fly :-/
B004RQ38B6 I like Timberland but... I wore these down the street to get a start on breaking them in.  I instantly got blisters on my heels.  Bad ones that lasted weeks.  Very disappointed.
B004RQ38B6 Confortable shoes ready for shop floor Very confortable, seems that Pro line is wider than regular line. So it helps to have your feet feeling good while protecting your toe. I'd recommend also as an everyday shoe even though you don' t work on a factory.
B004RQ38B6 Best ESD shoes a techie can buy. I work for a high tech company that designs and builds industrial computers. The R&D lab and manufacturing floors require ESD protection and these shoes are so much better than heal-straps. They also work to reduce static build-up in non-ESD safe areas reducing the likelihood of those annoying zaps.
B004RQ38B6 Scuff easily and takes on dirt easily but good shoe. Fits well, does the the job, but I do have to buff it from time to time. The material is almost a suede like leather that seems to catch dirt and scratch.
B004RQ38B6 Exactly what I was looking for Good quality shoe at a respectable price. Great for sales and service people calling on industrial accounts and don't want boots.
B004RQ38B6 Good experience great shoe, comfortable, lightweight,  with all the protections:stell  toe, esd, slip-resistant. The only complaint I could make is to keep it small stones and earth  under the sole (cleats)
B004RUDRY0 Timberland Snowville Pull-On Boot Love the price, true to size and is easy for my toddler to put on. Would recommend other to buy this item as well.
B004SISSKY Weird Material Fits great. I bought these for my son right before going on a camping trip. They definitely served their purpose, but the white rim part on the top began to rub/ chip off. They are also really hard to get on.
B004T0YVZ2 Wonderful boots The recipient, a young girl was ecstatic to receive them and they fit like a charm.  Whether they are warn or not, only the child will know but they sure are cute boots.  The kids like the zipper down the side to make on and off so much easier.
B004T1C3SI Large/Not easy to put on Nice looking but the are larger than expected. The zipper goes all the way down but there is leather inside up until the ankle which makes it difficult to put them on.
B004TDWITU They are ok I am going to question the authenticity of these. They came in a regular plane jane box, they didn't come in a timberland box. The material is kind of cheap & thin also. They just don't seem like timberland quality. I will also say i received 2 left shoes so check out what you get asap instead of trying on a shoe saying it fit then when you get dressed take the shoes out the box you notice you have two left shoes.Update: I returned the 2 left boots and received the new pair in a actual timberland box a left boot and right boot. So im pleased. As always for me, timberland run a half size big. I wear a 7 and the 6.5 fits perfect. I wouldn't recommend wearing these in too much snow, your feet will be wet. But a pair of tims for 40 bucks what would you expect. They are cute though.
B004TDWITU Stylish and light Very good both for school and outdoors. Their style is not too young and my daughter is happy and in fashion:))). She has a thin leg and the shoes are true to size.
B004TDWITU V pretty, gorgeous looking My daughter loves it. It looks like it is fit for a princess. It is lush, soft and cosy,  wish I could be 9 again!
B004TDWITU Timberland Boots I bought these boot for my Great-grandaughter, I knew Timberland's are a greatproduct.  I was just hoping they could stand up to her wear & tear.  They are great,have a beautful design that you really can't see and since the heels are a slightwedge so she can't drag her.  Will in line for more next winter, will there other colorsavalible?
B004TDYPF0 what a deal for these name brand boots! I bought these for my toddler, they are of nice quality and the style is great. Really like the stretchy band instead of laces, although laces are also included-super great deal.
B004VOE3P4 Feels Good I bought these for a friend of mine and he loved it, was a huge hit since everyone was complimenting them
B004VOE3P4 The bomb!! I like this slipper. It's my third pair of timberland and I find then very strong and comfortable. Price was unbelievable and I will always buy these, the Amazon way, as I got in quick time. The slippers for big men!
B004VY8T72 Extremely comfortable foot bed Like walking on a cloud. This is by far the most comfortable foot bed I've ever worn.Classic style. Cloth straps (spray Scotchgard to make it very easy to clean). Adjustable (velcro) straps. This product is difficult to find but if you do find it get a couple of pairs. You won't regret it.
B004WJ6TS2 my worst amazon experience at amazonmcom This has to be my worst experience shopping at amazon.com , I ordered a wheat\plaid timberland and to my surprise a blue and white came ,one that was not even advertised on the web site ,I absolutely love the colour I choosed and when I tried buying the original one I ordered in the first place amazon raised it to more thn double the original price , I feel that it was intentional of amazon to send me the wrong colour in the first place as a sale strategy and I'm now feeling fleeced and tricked by amazon ,and I think its in their best pervue as the top online shopping experience in offering me the sale of my original shoe at the original price
B004WJ6TS2 streetbike boots I purchased theese boots for motorcycle rides not only perfect boot but saved my ankle from a injury due too its heavy sole and high top capabilities when the bike went down.
B004WJ6TS2 Nice, but not as pictured My husband just received these in black in the mail. The photo shows red on the folded over part. These don't have red on them... they're completely black.
B004WJ6TS2 Not as pictured on the website! I purchased them because the picture on the website showed a red/blk plaid lining. They arrived with a black lining! :( I sent them back.
B004WJ6Z1I Mukluks Best purchase in a very long time!! Boots like these help you to stay on track and walk firmly on the Earth..... since having an accident on a motorbike years ago, very aware that weak ankles need support, and these are perfect. Great would buy again!
B004WO1FQ8 Boots These were for my grandson. They fit well and he is getting a lot of wear out of them. Thanks
B004WO3BIS High-top boots not practical for those just learning to walk Love the look, but there's no flexibility in this high-top boot, and the little one learning to walk has trouble and walks like Frankenstein!
B004XY9IAC Basic design but quality product These are relatively cushiony, mild-moderate elastic at top half of sock, and fit comfortably. Unexpectedly, the package included two (t-w-o) pair of socks, not just one, making this a definitely good buy. If there were more colors, I'd buy more.
B004XYPKQ8 Woman's fleece boot liner This boot liner is definitely not sized for a woman- it is child sized. I am a woman with a size 5 shoe - tiny feet by all standards - and the foot on the this was much too small!
B004ZCE19U The mos comfortable pair of tims you can buy. Nothing else to say. They tims. What else is there left that haven't been said about tims. The will always be in style.
B004ZCE19U Don't buy from a private seller.. The shoe I got was already broken in before I got it. Meaning it was already worn and had creases on the front of the boot. They were a lil dirty and the box was old. I give it 2 Stars because it was my size and I will purchase them again in the future but not from a private seller.. Bottom line for $113.00 Buy New
B004ZCE19U copp more than one pair cause they not indestructible Advertised as indestructible well they r not the usual timberland crease is a epic problem and they r not indestructible as u see in videos
B004ZCE19U Bunion surgery?? No Problem!!! I bought these boots for my boyfriend, he had recently had major bunion surgery leaving him with 6 screws in both feet. The Dr. recommended something firm and sturdy, yet flexible. These were the the best boots we found and fit perfectly with no pain. When he went back to work he was very comfortable and didn't have to worry about being stepped on as much. Thank you!!!
B004ZCE19U I love it it's good in shape and the size fits me well. but the weight is some kind of heavy and it is a little bit conflict to my ankle. I need some time to get used to it. anyway it's worth to buy.
B004ZCE19U Good price Runs a little big. Haven't had any scuffs yet, so hopefully they never will like it says. Comfort is ok, I put boot coushion inserts in them and it made them perfect. Shipping speed was terrible.
B004ZCE19U Timberland is at it again Very decent,  innovative boot. Looking forward to test thwm in harsh Canadian winter conditions soon.The leather is so unusual.
B004ZCE19U choice not satisfied. Joy was two monthsthen began appearing humidity moisture inside the shoe ..... horror.beginning was great joy had a lot of time, but after hiking through the puddlesthe snow ...... flow soak humidity inside.I do not understand it's a marriage or a fake? the description says that waterproof.choice not satisfied.
B004ZCZFFE boots were fine, options not any the shoes were fine, but I'd have liked to be given the option to swap them for the size I wanted instead of a refund.
B004ZCZFFE They are Strait. I get alot of compliments on these boots. The fit well, and very comfortable. They fold up well in weather also.
B004ZCZFFE Timberland Moc Toe Leathers These are one of my favorite timberland boots, only issue is that they are not "Newmarkets" which threw me off while ordering, but i took the gamble based off the picture and all turned out well, these boots are "Moc Toe Leathers"(Black,)which reads even on box label, not "Newmarkets".
B004ZD1A4S Ok Purchased these for a Mount Humphrey Hike, the only thing I did not like was the left shoe, the front started coming unglued.
B0052A6Z70 Painful These are very good looking boots.  Other than that, I really don't have anything good to write about them.The shoes have quick-lace style eyelets at the top. They each have two protruding rivets that dig into my skin. They are painful to wear.  The soles are more like plastic than rubber.  They are loud on hard surfaces and dangerous on ice.  They do not breath, and they are like wearing a plastic bag.  These are nothing like other Timberland products that I have purchased in the past.The only mystery here to me, is how the other reviewers have rated them so highly.
B0052A6Z70 not comfortable one of the top lace hooks sit right over one of my ankle bones creating a pressure point. maybe its my anatomy but it seems like there is very little padding under the point.
B0052A7F2Y monica caregiver love these timberland shoe's !!! wear them to work all the time . i'm a caregiver at home for senior:)
B0052A7F2Y fantastic! these shoes are wonderful!  i was looking for something a step up  from crocs- ( i have 3 pairs of those which i really like) and these look like real clogs and are super comfortable.  i'm on my feet a long time and and they are very happy!
B0052D2TJ0 Timberland Do you know what happens if one fine fall day youre wearing a jacket, and the next day its 10 degrees? You get a screeching call from your ex telling you that you need to get your kid a coat! So I came here, hit "find coat" button and out pops a slick Timberland 3 in 1 jacket! It was well made, looked even better than in the pic, and wow that thing is WARM! Too bad I got a size too big, so I gotta get another one, but hey, next year when I get that call I can tell her to shut up and look in the back of the closet for the jacket that was too big right??? Haha... Semi true story
B0052D2WRE Absolutlely Beautiful..well made This was truly a find..the little man loves it.  Its warm but not so bulky that you cant get him in the car seat.  I purchased the small which I would equate to a size 6-8.  This coat will grow with him and the styling is timeless.
B0052D2XQY Michelle We live in the cold state of Mass my 9yr son has been wearing this coat for a week now its very durable & warm while being fashionable. I had been searching for a new coat for about 4-5 months with no luck THANK YOU AMAZON finding a Timberland coat at this price & quality is almost impossible...
B0052DD6A6 Great boys pants I wanted to wait until my son had worn these for a while before reviewing. And let me tell you, they are holding up Great! Like most 5 yo boys - he's very rough on his pants (the seat and the knees especially). So far no holes in these yet, and they're a great style too! The patterned grey is very cool. :)
B0052EET92 This Shirt is TINY Do not buy this shirt, even a large, if you are taller than 5'0''. I'm about 5'11'' and I bought a size Large. It couldn't fit a ten year old. "Boys" is a fair description but "8-20"? No freaking way.
B0054HM0Z2 comfortable with exception The shoes are very comfortable in daily using. Only one issue with tightness in heel area. After I smashed the tight area was the issue solved
B0054HM0Z2 Veritile For Lab and meetings I have to go between a lab where steel toes have saved me in the past to meetings with clients where you don't want to show up in that ready for a hike look. Have a pair of the slip ons as well. Duration for me is 2-5 years, and I am hard on them.
B0054HM0Z2 I have not had a shock yet!!! I always get shocked in the winter time (currently 15-32 degrees everyday) and since wearing these for 2 weeks I have no shocks.  I usually get 4 to 5 shocks a day.They do come larger than expected.  I am always a wide and they came wider than I expected.
B0054HM0Z2 Good Shoes Good Shoes, somewhat clunky, looks a bit Frankenstein-y from above but from the angles other people will see them they're sufficiently sharp looking.  They're a pretty ideal formal shoe for a wedding photographer who's tired of getting their feet stomped on during the Hora.  My main gripe is that the tongue doesn't have anything to put the laces through, and hence can be prone to slipping out of position.  Thinking of custom stitching something.  Also the tongue is a touch uncomfortable even when in position, just a bit blunt where it meets the leg.  Not a bad work shoe though.
B0054HM2UU Looks good ... Feels good It's an expensive boot but your feet will thank you. I tried a bunch of these on in a retail store. This was the first one I tried on and it was also the best. I kept going back to it. There were some other very expensive ones that felt a little better but they weren't worth it. I was hesitant to go with Timberland again. The previous pair I had held up very well but I really didn't like the soles. They seemed to be too hard and didn't have great traction. This design seems to be better but only time will tell.
B0054HM2UU thank you i love them fits like a glove couldnt be happier i would recommend anyone who looking for boots from timberland
B0054HM3YA Bought this for 20 year-old male He got them in Nov. 2011, and they are still going strong. Through homelessness and youthful behaviors, in show, mud, etc. I'd buy them again.
B0054HM3YA Cheap!!! STAY AWAY. Delivered November 29, 2013 from Amazon and are now unwearable. The lace eyes at the top of the boot are plastic one literally just broke off the boot. So I guess I have to wear tennis shoes to work. :( If I could keep wearing them two more would soon brake off. what a waste of money.
B0054HM3YA The size 10D has fit before, but not this time. I could not even leave the boot on my foot completely unlaced, they were that uncomfortable. I will be returning them.
B0054HM3YA Great workboots!! Probably the most comfortable workboots you can get no joke. I'm very impressed and I absolutely recommend to anyone. Thanks
B0054HM3YA Tab to lace came broken When I tried on the first boot, I liked the fit.  I went to try on the second and the tab at the top to lace with was broken.  As it turns out, they are just a hard plastic.  If I received this broken, how will it be when using everyday in a tough environment?  I can't take that chance as I can't buy these once a month.  Just too expensive.  I sent back to Amazon for Refund
B0054HM3YA Timberlands Didn't think they were gonna work as they hurt the ankle for the first week.  Then I loosened them up and have been great since!
B0054HM5AM feels like a sneaker this is what I was hoping for, very comfortable. Feels like a sneaker, just what I need with some foot problems. Hoping for long comfort working on concrete floors.
B0054NLO12 Timberland boys Backpack Loved these backpacks. Ordered two of them and they lasted all last year. Very happy with them and the kids loved them as well!! Highly recommended
B0054NLO12 Nice aesthetics but very delicate. The bag looks good, but some part of it used a cloth which was very delicate, and the stitching was only a single one (should have made it double layer to make it stronger).  I don't know exactly how much weight it is designed to handle, but mine ripped about 1.5 inch near the lower strap, and it seems irreparable. I didn't notice when it happened, but it might be when I put in an almost 4kg load one time (that's the max I ever put into it), though just a matter of 10 seconds (so I'm guessing the weight limit might be way below that). The bag looks cool though, just be wary of the load you put in.
B0054NLO12 Perfect for my nine year old With the increased homework expectations that come with fourth grade, my son needed a backpack that could carry a lot of stuff, yet not be cumbersome. This bag carries a surprisingly large amount of things, and the cross body strap makes it easy for him to get on and off when he was to get on the bus.
B0054NLO12 Not too heavy duty It's an attractive back pack and great as long as your child isn't having to put a lot of books or binders in it.
B0054NLO12 Thin This bag is thin, and i hope it can hold up for the whole year! My boys are 5 and 6 and it's not too big for them, so the size is great and it will fit folders with room to spare.
B0054NLO12 Great bag and value This was a great purchase.  This bag has held up really well for my 1st grader and he will be able to continue using it next year!
B0054NLWUU Thin, poor quality This back pack will not last, I got it for my son age 6.  He wanted a big boy backpack this year.  Tumberland should stick to making shoes, cause the quality of this bag totally sucks. Paper thin fabric, if this ;lasts one seemster I would be surprised. This  should be marked for ages 6-10 instead, you will not be fitting much into this thing. The front pocket is useless.
B00552LUDO Only lasted 6 months. Initially the shoes fit like a glove but overtime they get bigger. One pro is that they are easy to clean and still look newish. While cleaning them I noticed a tear along the midsole at the sixth month of ownership. They were great while they lasted even though they fit bigger.
B00552O2CA Timderland The shoe was ugly & felt tight. When I walked around my house the show made an odd squeeky noise. However the seller was amazing & refunded my money ASAp.
B00552OL5S Street Tough purchased these shoes as an all weather show for the tough city streets and weather, it happens to go with everything plus a uniform and are extremely comfortable. My daughter loves them for school and everyday wear. Great quality and comfort.
B0056QVSQ8 My croc work shoe I am still breaking one of them in.  I have a little bit of toughness on my left heel, but not enough to give me a blister.  Overall, I am very happy with the comfort of these shoes.
B0056QVSQ8 Great company! The shoes have an awesome warranty! My problem was my foot slid around in shoe no mater what I wore for socks. Since I stand almost all day they did not work well for me. The customer service rates a #10 for professionalism and policy. I'd say try them with nothing to lose.I will try them again when I know what helps plantar fasceitous. Probably spelled wrong, but those with it will know.ThanksJan
B0056QVSQ8 Restaurant manager Finally I have found a pair of kitchen shoes that I can wear with dress pants!  Danskos weren't comfortable no matter how long I tried to break them in and birkenstocks don't look dressy enough!
B0056QVSQ8 Box toe feels tight The box toe is not wide enough for my feet. The sides irritates my ankles (I have to put foam tape on). And depending on the floor surface, it squeaks.
B0056QW98E Real Comfort It's like wearing a pair of Dansko's for a fourth of the price. The fit is incredible! This is what all the nurses and O.R. techs should be wearing....
B0056QW98E Awkward looking They fit well and are well-made, but this picture is deceiving.  The front of the shoe is VERY wide, making it a bit awkward and clown-like.  More appropriate for a teenybopper than a grown woman.  Dated trend, looks like the clunky 90's look.  Material looks and feels like rubber where you might expect it to resemble leather.
B0056QW98E sides near my ankles rubbed up painfully against my ankles Hi, I love this shoe and so want it, but in the wide, my foot kept slipping out, and in the 7M, the sides of the shoe near the ankles rubbed up painfully against my ankles.  Sorry but I have to return them.  Thank you anyway.  Perhaps you could make the sides near the ankles lower?
B0056QW98E Found exactly what I needed! Love them! Very comfortable first wear 8hours in restaurant and didn't need breakin time. My new favorite work shoe found exactly what I needed!
B0056QW98E great shoe bad strap More comfortable than other shoes I've tried for work. Only issue is the strap is flimsy. Great price on the lightning deal black Friday week!!
B0056QW98E Not as comfortable as I had hoped I thought these would be more comfortable than they were. I imagine they will stretch a bit as I wear them in, but they started off tight.
B0056QW98E Cute but not for me This is a good shoes, just not for me. It was larger than expected. This goes with the territory today of purchases online. Sometimes it is convenient and sometimes not. Thank goodness returning with Amazon is easy. I wish I had realized that before because do have some unused items that didn't get returned. Oh well,not their fault.
B0056RMY2O Very Comfortable It is a tad small, but I think it's because of my inserts. But other than that they are SUPER comfy. Feet don't hurt. But I will say that I think my orthotics have something to do with that as well. But these were the 6th pair I tried and I'm sticking with them.
B0056RMY2O Super Comfy! Love the fit, the quality and price. Never owned a pair of Timberlands before this, but I believe this a brand I will shop for in the future. Very comfortable insole and lots of toe room.
B0056RMY2O Elastic Strap Is Very Poor Quality I only wore these shoes at work for 5 days and the small elastic straps started unravelingalready! Poor quality material used for straps. It's a shame because these shoes are the mostcomfortable!
B0056ROT7M Floppy on  your feet One of these shoes was too large and both of them rubbed the back of my heel and flopped around while trying to walk in them.  They made a loud sound when they flopped -I felt like I was kid wearing adult size shoes!  I've returned these.Edit-I forgot to mention that even though they flopped off my feet my toes kept getting jammed into the front of them.  It was weird.
B0056ROT7M Not ESD as advertised The shoes fit as expected, however, they were not ESD as advertised.  I work in lighting manufacturing company that uses a lot of LED boards and if my company didn't have a device to test our shoes and I had wore them while working with those boards I could've shocked the boards and render them defective. Needless to say I am disappointed with the quality of the shoes.
B0056ROT7M I like them They are a larger fit, but this was OK as it allowed me to insert my lifts.  They are light, very comfortable & stylish :)
B0058RFQLS Very useful outside and in... I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and look good with slacks and jeans. Although they are called Oxfords, they are not as formal as standard Oxfords. They run true to size and seem easy to clean.
B0058RFQLS SO light! LOVE these! They are VERY light while still managing to be well-made. They're very comfy AND they look good! Win-Win-Win :)
B0058RFVBI Comfy! My daughter is adamant that a woman of my age not wear tennis shoes with my jeans.  But I am a woman of comfort!!  These are great and they add a touch of style as well.  I wouldn't wear them to hike the wilds of Alaska, but they're definitely great for walks around the city.
B0058RHQC0 Is it really waterproof? The description Amazon has is wrong. It doesn't have a Gore-Tex fabric, instead it has Ion-mask. Whether it will be waterproof or not, I have yet to find out.From Timberland's website [...]Ion-Mask(tm)ion-mask(tm) Technology by P2i gives footwear, outdoor clothing and accessories a level of liquid repellency that old technologies simply cannot match. Treated articles keep wearers comfortable and dry by resisting water from outside and maintaining optimum control of temperature and 'breathability'. By resisting the absorption of water and dirt, ion-mask(tm) technology also helps guard against stains, making products look newer for longer.
B0058RHQC0 First time buying these and great! bought these because I live in a town that has a lot of dirt roads and I'm amazed of the comfort and quality of these sneakers, highly recommend for tracking!!
B0058SHRNC I won the debate Bought these for my wife who was doubtful that Timberland could be comfortble, stylish and feminine enough for her...I won!!!!
B0058SHRNC Very Disappointed I bought these for hiking because I read the other rave reviews.  Perhaps if you hike on the beach these may be okay.  I was concerned because the sole seemed flat but the description stated a heel over 1" and a reviewer stated they had the same concern but the shoes were fine.  There is virtually no cushioning on the toes and ball of your feet.  I could easily feel the gravel of my driveway through them.  It makes no sense that these are called hiking boots with such poor protection.  Unfortunately, I was staying up in the mountains when I ordered them and my other hiking shoes had worn out, since I had no others I went ahead and wore them otherwise they would have been returned.
B0058SI8PI lovely but small i usually pick 6.5 w shoes, this ones were lovely as shown at pict but smaller than i thought. I didn't keep them.
B0058SPLT4 Different I definitely like the look of the boot; however,  I found it to be snug fitting right behind the toes. I wore them maybe three times, each time I wore them they made a squeaking sound all day with every step I took which made people stare at my feet, it was embarrassing. I checked the bottom several time but could not understand where the noise was coming from. So I just stopped wearing them. Perhaps it was just the pair I had. I have purchased timberlands before but this is the first time this has happened.
B00590KXH6 LOOKING FOR THE RIGHT SHOE This summer I got tired of my shoes. They were cute enough, but generally from one manufacturer (Taos)and were originally purchased because I was having troble after a knee surgery. I was ready for something different and cuter. I ordered about 15 pair of different and cuter shoes. My overall experience led me to believe that generally the different and cuter shoes are for people aged 16-25 who have no children, and whose feet do not swell.Timberlad Womenen's Plaeasant Bay Slide is an altogether different animal. The designer made some attempt at "cute,". He at least added a bit of decoration and used a sole style that makes the foot look thinner and cuter that it might be. (Heavily indented where the heel meets the body of the foot.)I bought my normal size 7 and did not have to figure out "what size to buy" because a lot of those different cuter shoes run in some funny sizes even if they are terribly expensive! I like being able to step up and order my size:  "a 7 please." "Yes it fits just fine thank you."I bought this shoe in an orange. It is a muted orange, a bit refined. It is not neon and does not scream "Hello, I am orange."Ease of walking: Aaah. It is easy to walk in and comfortable on the foot. The insole is leather with an EVA cushioned insole.The soles are a light colored rubber which does not leave marks on your floor and keeps you from making a sliding entrance into a room when you did not mean to do so.This is not to say that ALL different and cuter shoes are ones that I can no longer wear. I did find a few and am even keeping a flat pink pair that are just to precious not to have. But overall, comfort is my biggest need and comfort does not usually come with cute.Now I have a lovely pair of orange shoes. I wear a lot of orange because my hair is red. To me these are different and cute. They are also true to fit, made of excellent, soft leather, have rubber on the botton and comfort built in. I am SOOOO glad I got the orange color before it was gone. I give this shoe 5 stars and may buy the brown for winter use. (I live in the desert. We wear sandals year round.) Yes, I would recommend this to a friend, which I consider the reviewer to be. So buy on. This different, cuter, solid shoe is a good one.
B00590TE1W too big this is a cute sandal but the band across the top of the foot is huge.  I am usually a med to wide foot too!!!  the second band you can tighten but I am on the last hole for the buckle, works ok, but giant gap on the other band.
B00590WN42 Excellent sandals! They fit perfectly well, as all the Timberland Earthkeepers that I have. The leather Is soft and resistant. The design is perfectly engineered to the shape of the foot. It has an elastic assemblage at the and of the part that wraps up the foot to the sole, that smooths the flexibility on every step. Love the colors too! On the other hand, Amazon always delivers on time and in perfect condition the products I buy.
B00590WN42 Purchased 2 pairs for trip to Argentina Purchased both the black and twill colors for 5 days in Buenos Aires. I found the black pair to be more comfortable as the leather wasn't quite so stiff, but this could vary between all colors. I am normally a size 8 but had to size down to a 7.5 in this style.  I don't think any other sandal would have been better for the countless hours of walking and these are actually somewhat stylish. I did get a small blister on one of my toes but it was easily remedied with a bandaid.
B00590WN4C Ok, but not for me I love how light these were, and they seemed pretty stable too. However, the leather was not very soft so I could already see the blisters they would cause.... had to sent back unfortunately.
B00590WN4C Amazing! Beautiful, comfortable, well made! I'd buy a 100 more! If you like to walk and look great these are a find!
B00590WNQU Really beautiful sandals I ordered my usual size 9.5 in orange and they fit perfectly.  The orange is a beautiful orange/tan shade - a perfect neutral.  The leather is soft and supple and with a heel height of 2", they are just right for work and weekend wear.
B00590X3CS jesus navarro is a high quality shoe and very comfortable to walk showy my wife loved her keeps saying they are very prettyexcellent article, I got just what I expected, thanks
B00591UN4S Great Moccasin I like the shoe very much except it is very hard to keep them clean It would be good to have some cleaning instructions included
B005973UVU AMAZinG! Fantastic. Beyond. Words. Its like wearing a work of art, beautiful boots that make you look like a powerful superhero!
B00599WG3G Loved them! My daughter in-law is adamant about my grandson wearing Stride Rite walking shoes, these Timberland boots were recommended on the Stride Rite website since they came in wide and had a similar fit and style to that of the Stride Rite fashion walking shoes.item met the demands of both my daughter in-law's fit and performance as well as grandma's style and fashion preferences.
B005A5YQ2S Suprised at the durability More of a solid, extremely well constructed high-top sneaker than a hiking boot.  So far it's been able to easily withstand a variety of abuse I've given it - street & some trail (mud, rock, tree branches, etc.).  Was somewhat concerned about the ability of the soft sole to hold-up, but so far it's exceeded my expectation and seems to be outlasting the recycled, soft-rubber soles the Timberland Eartkeepers line of boots is now using.
B005A5YQ2S Most confortable boots ever!! Just as the picture shown, very very comfortable, they come with an extra red shoe lace, the exterior is soft on touch and fashionable also, I love them.
B005A5YQ2S FRESH Great for snow and are well ventedGreat tractionUse them everydayLots of complementsI recommend highly to anyone
B005A5Z0QE Comforable This has happened before. I catch these great shoes right at the end of the run and can't get them anymore. My mom taught me well and I need to start getting two pair and putting one up in the closet. Actually, I've doen that now with other footwaer. I have foot problems from an accident years ago and it's rough to find shoe's that are comfortable. The name brand means nothing to me, it's the feel that counts. Five star for these.
B005A6B882 Timberland Men's Hiking Shoe. I need something for walking every day so I bought these.  They are very comfortable and fit great but, I have one caveat.  The tongue tends to bunch up and that's uncomfortable on the bridge of the foot.  But, I would buy again.
B005A8M7L2 cool, comfy, and light weight They are very cool, delivers comfort and light weight! Everything I was looking for :-) I do recommend this shoe
B005APTZ4W cool kicks 60's cool for today.Style and substance come togetherin  Timberland's Chelsea pull-on.True to size,comfortable fit.Think Bullitt ,McQueen and chillin at Enrico's.Another lifetimefor today.
B005APTZ4W Better insole would win fifth star Love the fit and look.  Size was true, which is always a plusHad to have help from DrScholl to make insole comfortable.  Insole is minimal.
B005APTZ4W Great boots These boots are super comfortable, they fit perfect.I have one thing to say:Be very careful on wet or humid surfaces, they're not slip resistant,  specially at bathroom or tile floors recently mopped, it's like walking on ice.
B005BWB2QI What happened to the leather??? I am a fan of Timberland and have had their shoes in the past, but these are a disappointment. The only real leather is the top of the front of the shoe (the tongue) and the trim where the laces go around the shoe. All the rest is plastic. They fit well and are comfortable but I doubt the plastic will wear like leather. The advertising is deceiving also because it clearly said leather, with manmade soles. I considered sending them back but because the price was low I am keeping them. But next time I will look elsewhere.
B005BWB2QI Nice boat shoe for the money. Love these - real comfy. The only thing I don't like is the leather laces. If they are replaced they never match the side laces which are sewn in. Why not make these with one continuous lace?
B005BWB2QI Excelent Like always, everything on time as expected, and love all the items in your catalog. Hope to keep your quality.YoursCarlos Leyva
B005BWB2QI Square toes Did not like the style and returned it.  Square toes are not for me.  The quality and fit seemed fine.
B005BWB2QI these are good these fit nice. ive tried many other brands and found that they have a seam right in the middle of where your foot sits . this is not only uncomfortable but over time, the seam would come apart.,i wasn't able to find the exact style Sebago I feel in love with...hate when they go and change styles,  but after trying on many brands, these are as close as you can come to them... if these hold up as long as I hope they will, I will definitely stick with this brand.
B005BWB2QI They seem like they could scuff pretty easily I ordered a half a size down and they were still too large.They are much heavier than I was expecting.They seem like they could scuff pretty easily.
B005BWB2QI Low quality The stitching has low quality and It was defective when I open the box, I think Timberland needs more quality control
B005BWB2QI Three Stars Have to wait for the rubbed spots to heal before I can wear again.
B005BWB2QI Great I bought 2 My 2014 Easter vacation with all the walking shopping around the girls complain about aching feet and they ask why wasn't I complaining , the earth keepers are so comfortable they give my nike airmax competition the best part , price and looks good .bought 2 different colors , I plan to beat the hell out of one see how long it last ,the next thing I notice it got wet in the rain outside the shoe and within 1/2 hour it was dry .
B005BWB2QI Fit like a dream Fit like a dream. I have a wider foot and these shoes fit like a glove and were comfortable from the git go
B005BWB2QI Great i like them very muchTha softennes y perfectwhen i saw them i bougt b couse thy are what i was looking for
B005BWB2QI Heavy and uncomfortable Tried them on, walked around in my house for a little bit.....they are heavy, and have sharp edges on the upper-inner.
B005BWB2QI nice leather. bought this for my 14 yr old son, who has a wide foot, he needed a wide shoe, and this looks good, and authentic, he love the soft cushion inside and as far as i can see this might last for a long time. will update my comment, if there is change.also.. note that genuine leather tend to have imperfections so dont be alarmed if your shoe has a dent or have some small imperfection, iam a woman whose very meticulous, so i see things on the most impossible form haha.
B005BWB2QI they look nice........... I  LIKE  MY SHOES VERY  MUCH  THEY  ARE  NICE  AND COMFORTABLE I  THANK YOU &#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;
B005BWB2QI Great Loafers! Recommend to anyone who wants a qual;ity loafer and needs the walking comfort.  Quality materials and nice styling.  Someone with extra wide feet will not have a problem with the fit on this one!
B005BWB2QI Very comfortable .I was pleasantly surprised at the apparent quality and that they fit as well as they do without being able to try them on.
B005BWB2QI Amazon does it again... Purchased on a Monday, received on Wednesday with free shipping. As described and perfect fit, true to size. As one reviewer suggested, I purchased an insole insert, Dr Scholls with memory foam($2.97 at Wally World) and am really pleased with how comfortable they wear. Feels like my house slippers.
B005BWB2QI I like 'em! Sturdy, solid, classic and half the price of Sperry Topsiders. What's not to like? Six more words required for review.
B005BWB2QI Better than Sperry's I like my Timberland's better than my last pair of Sperry's. The seem to be a lot more comfortable, and don't stink as bad (although they definitely still smell).
B005BWB2QI Classic look and durable. I have owned these shoes for about one year.  They are a classic look with quality workmanship.  There was a brief break in period. I recommend.
B005BWB2QI Good quality leather The leather used is very high quality and a bit thicker, so the shoe is highly durable which I appreciate.  Great for causual outings or just tooling around during a day off.  Thanks, overall grade A.
B005BWB2QI uncomfortable This shoe is required as a part of school uniform for my kids.  This must be one of the the most uncomfortable boat shoes out there.  Very stiff, bulky,  offers no support.  The only thing I like is the color.  I am going to petition our school to reconsider this and offer a more comfortable option for the next school year.
B005BWB2QI JUST AS I ESPECTED Those pair of shoes are simply amazin&iexcl; totally recomended&iexcl; so the only thing is ask for a little more small one; im 11 so i asked 10 1/2 and gear perfect on mi feets
B005BWB2QI Uncomfortable I found these shoes to be very uncomfortable, so I returned them.  The sides of the shoe don't come up far enough to hold your foot firmly in place, as a result, it slips a lot while walking.
B005BWB2QI Amazon shipped teh wrong one, the pics have been messed up here For quite some time the pics here showed the wrong shoe.  I ordered the one in the previous pictures and got a more suedey one like is now shown (2014-06-12).  Too much hassle to send it back and try to describe to them they have the pics wrong so I'm wearing them.  Not bad but not near as nice as the pic they previously had here.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers I don't know who thought up the name of the shoe, but it's quite a mouthful... Otherwise, they are very comfortable and the sole gives very good grip on wet surfaces. I like them.
B005BWB2QI A litter bigger than ... A litter bigger than expected. I used to wear EUR 42, but this shows 8.5 2E is bigger, and I think 8 D is fine for me.Comfortable shoes, I like Timberland......
B005BWB2QI good it is very comfortable&#65281; nice&#65281; i like it &#12290;it fits as i expected&#12290;i think i will buy it again&#65281;
B005BWB2QI Perfect! Great shoe! I bought this for my husbands bday and they were a hit. Def worth spending the money. The last cheaper pair I bought him made him have a terrible foot odor but these he wears a lot and no odor. I highly recommend
B005BWB2QI too large, leather laces, rub against my heel Quality is OK., but it's too large.I usually wear a size of 7.5 or 8, for these even 7 are large. The length is OK, I think the problem is the tongue, it's too short and shallow.The leather laces are quite easy to loose.Last, these shoes rub against my heels, and they hurt.
B005BWB2QI My husbands timberland shoes My husband is very happy with his new timberland shoes. He likes them so much he wanted another pair but when I tried to order another pair in another color I got a pop up screen that said amazon could not ship to my address. (Same address as the original order).  I tried an alternate address and got the same message. I called customer service and they didn't know why and could not get an order in for. They were getting the same pop up screen. Very strange. If anyone knows why this has happened please let me know.
B005BWB2QI POOR QUALITY MADE IN CHINA, really poor quality.
B005BWB2QI Three Stars oiled finish to leather wasn't specified in description
B005BWB2QI Not too bad There is some breaking in needed and the laces need to be cut shorter after you wet and tie them so the won't untie.The laces tend to rub where they are run inside the shoe.
B005BWB2QI Not for LONG walks . . . . . . but for shopping with your wife or taking her out to eat, comfortable and good looking enough to let me pass through any restaurant where 'shirt and shoes are required.'
B005BWB2QI Solid shoe A solid, comfortable shoes for the money, though the laces are a bit stiff.  Reasonably priced compared to alternatives from other makers.
B005BWB2QI The downsizing reviews were helpful The downsizing reviews were helpful and I found them to be true.  Nice shoe.  Not easy to slip on like I am used to with Sperry's but they are are comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Quality in every detail First and foremost-downside your order as almost every poster has advised.. I wear 13 (4e) in New Balance. Originally ordered a 13 (2e) in these and my feet were swimming in them. Returned through Amazon (always the best) and got a 12(2e). They are still a little wide but so comfortable.  I chalk the size differential to not skimping on material. When you open the box you smell the quality. Rich deep color and texture, soft leather. The footbed is perfect. Many years ago Timberlands were my luxury shoe purchase. Their prices have dropped but not the quality.You won't find better quality at any price. I'm back to buying Timberland as my first option
B005BWB2QI Pleased with taupe/suede show Pleased with suede finish, although I thought I had ordered Taupe (leather) finish. Somebody clue me in--did I miss something in the definition of taupe? Appreciated $30 savings by signing up for Amazon.com credit card!
B005BWB2QI My first boat shoes I normally wear a 13 wide and I got these in a 13.  Slightly longer than the majority of '13s' I've worn, but they still fit well enough.  I'm still breaking them in, but am happy with them.  They are slightly darker than what is pictured, but no big deal (to me).
B005BWB2QI Darker than shown in the picture. Also runs a bit large. Nonetheless, seems to be of decent make and quality. Nothing spectacular though, I must say.
B005BWB2QI Recommended For a boat style shoe, this pair is quite good for walking because it is rugged with a good sole.  It would receive five stars from me if the laces were connected to the wraparound lace so that the fit could be customized.  More and more manufacturers are taking this shortcut, which seems to be  a rather unnecessary cutting of corners.
B005BWB2QI Solid show and comfortable for the price. I've bought countless pairs of the timberland docksides over the years and found them always to be comfortable and well made.  I bought an 11W and they are surprisingly a little two wide.  The only other issue is that the image does not show the heel very well which is higher than most other docksides I've bought.  But I'll keep them for the price and again, they are very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Not as expected from picture Fit good but the leather much darker than expected. With mink oil on them even darker an didn't seem to take well to the oil? Even the picture shown with this rating does not look like what I got? They will be used for every day shoes when my other ones fail. I was also looking for a little ruggeder thread design but will see how these work out.
B005BWB2QI comfort and durability,recommended for leisure wear Unique and comfortable, so I are sure of leisure wear, regardless of travel and marine activities, comfort and reliability of it, I was not disappointed, recommended to the outdoor-loving friends
B005BWB2QI good! I was in China, come here in the United States purchased the Amazon,! Amazon is not detailed enough to describe the United States of goods, Shoes are very comfortable, good workmanship, material enough,Shoelace for a long ah, the future will buy,which points to improve, you have to refer to China's taobao. Zhuang Zai! Grand America, the hope of mankind!
B005BWB2QI Green=Lower quality I tried this product because it has recycled content.  But the appearance is like something you would find in a store on a rack out in the open with 40 other pairs.  I will let you fill in the blank on what retailers that brings to mind. It has a higher slope to the rear than the regular Kiawah Bay shoes and the front part of the sole feels thin. I won't be a repeat buyer.
B005ERZ6MQ 1 year My gf got those for me for the last thanksgiving, and here we are, today they broke. Will try oxfords from caterpillar next.
B005ERZ6MQ TIMBERLAND MEN,S EARTHKEEPRS I LIKE THE SHOE,I ORDED THE SIZE 12 AT FIRST BUT THEY WERE TO LARGE,SO I RETURNED AND ORDED THESIZE 11/1/2 THEY WERE SMALL I HAVE,NT  WORM THE SHOES SINCE PLEASE ADVISE.RESPECTFULLY YOURS,BERNARD SHATSKY
B005ERZ6MQ Sure Wish Everything didn't come from somewhere else. ECCO now sends some of their products from Thailand but it appears to be real leather (?) and we'll see how they wear. But comfortable right out of the box...a good sign !
B005ERZ6MQ Very well made Very comfortable, but need to be broken in. Rides high on the achilies tendon. Maybe uncomfortable for some. The soft nylon strings often come untied. Suggest replacing them.
B005ERZ6MQ Timberland products I'm not knew to the Timberland shoes and products. I have always depended on Timberland's whether for work, casual and sport wear. I would recommend Timberland's for the whole family.
B005ERZ6MQ Something hurts.. I have plantar fascitis and I can only wear these shoes a couple hours before the pain starts...don't know why unless it is the way the shank is constructed...I have tried several different insoles wtih the same results....otherwise well made and attractive..
B005ERZ6MQ Hubby loved them He is very hard to please. He loved the style and fit. Would most def buy another pair. In fact when he goes to Italy and his friends see them, I will probably have to buy more for him to take back
B005ERZ6MQ Lacking Quality Leather looks like "pleather" (aka fake leather). Returned and bought Johnston and Murphy brand which are excellant (but admittedly cost more).
B005ERZ6MQ Not comfortable at all It looks good, but hurts the feet, very difficult to wear for long periods. Stay away from these, I am not sure what timberland are thinking, if they don't start paying attention to comfort and only focus on looks they will loose a lot. This will be my last timeberland shoes.
B005ERZ6MQ my 2nd pair This is one of timberland finest models,, after having the black one from the same model, decided to get the brown as well,
B005ERZ6MQ Top digs into foot There is stitching on the top of the shoe that dug into my foot and was extremely uncomfortable and painful.
B005FHWT5C Great The quality of this pairs of shoes is great sturdy and stylist. I love the draw string instead of Velcro closure
B005FI1VE6 It's very pink and really well made. Shoes for kids....truly a traumatic experience. Go to a store and get the kid's feet measured.......go to another repeat ad nauseum.....did you get the same size twice (even in the same store)? No, thought not. Then there is the difference between brands...Anyhow, before I get really started.....This is a good shoe with some well thought out detail. Support in the right place, no rough edges, or skin exposure to the velcro and a good sticky tread pattern. So all in all I would say that this is a decent summer purchase. Being an open toe it should also last through the nice part of fall.Hey its a bargain, a 6 month shoe at this age and and these growth rates.....
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe These have been very durable shoes.  We have had 3 pairs that have been handed down from one daughter to the next.  We call them the "pink  sporty sandals".  The girls probably aren't as adventurous as some boys, but they are not dainty flowers either!  The shoes have been through 3 years of camping, hiking, and play, and still look good.  Dirty, yes, broken down, no!  We have had other well known brands that began to stink, these have not.
B005FI1VE6 uncomfortable and ugly My daughter hated the way these shoes felt on her feet and took them off right away. Not to mention that when they are put on they're really bulky and ugly.
B005FI1VE6 The boys loved these Great fit based on their sneaker size and very well built. Nike last summer and they were shot in 2 months.  These seem to be very well built and will outgrow before the shoe fails... My boys are in 2nd and 3rd grade and very on the go and sports.
B005FI1VE6 Very well designed! My wife loves the way that these are designed for our 7 year old daughter. We're glad we bought them.
B005FI1VE6 timberland river sandle Sandles arrived In timely manner safe and sound! So far they meet all my daughters expectations. Her words "they are so cushy it's like walking on air!"
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My daughter gets blisters and I needed to find some sandles for the summer that would not give her blisters. These have been great so far and she loves wearing them
B005FI1VE6 Great for fishing Grandma! I love these!  I wear them at home and fishing!  They can get wet, dry out quickly and work well out in the creek with the horses!
B005FI1VE6 Defect Ordered size 2. Box says 2 and right foot is 2 and left foot looks like 2 but says its 3 but i think its a mis print in the stitching.
B005FI1VE6 Excellet My 1 year old loves it and very comfy and makes him walk with confidence on my way to buy more
B005FI1VE6 Great buy These fit my daughter perfectly and are solid enough so I'm not worried that her ankle isn't supported. She loves them.
B005FI1VE6 Built to last... These sandels are adorable. They look exactly like they do on the picture and they look like they are built to last. I got them for my grand daughter's birthday, she loves them.
B005FI1VE6 Kid's Choice! The first time that I took my niece shoe shopping, she was 18 months old; this was the shoe that she picked out (in pink, of course). She's 4 now, and on her 3rd pair of the sandals. From a kid's perspective, the shoes are comfortable; they don't stick, bind, or rub little feet the wrong way. They are also easy for the little ones to put on and take off by themselves; definitely a plus! I'm guessing that I'll be purchasing several more pairs of these...as long as they come in a size to fit her foot. Love that they are available in so many colors, too!
B005FI1VE6 Love it My bought these for my 2 year old daughter to wear to Disney World. They are comfortable and my daughter always wants to wear them. They have never left blisters on her feet. They are soft and so adjustable.
B005FI1VE6 I already miss them. Bought for a little girl's summer.  Children grow so quickly when they're small!  These fit so nicely, and were so comfortable for her and so pretty, too.  Fall came and it was time to say goodbye.  Some thrift store shopper, I hope, will enjoy seeing a little girl wear them next summer.
B005FI1VE6 Pucs sandles. I bought these sandles for my grandson. He says they are really comfortable andthat was my main concern because he walks quite a bit. I would recomend these.
B005FI1VE6 Fast, Easy Transaction I am always leery about ordering specific sized items online but these were perfect. Ordered for my daughter to wear to school because they have the secure around the back of the foot strap, since she is not allowed to wear flip flops, and they go perfectly with any outfit not to mention they don't show the dirt! Fast and easy transaction.
B005FI1VE6 jhonny bien hgytftc tfrdrecvtg y66gt t ft  f f g u g 6 f d e f y h u u
B005FI1VE6 I reccomend Very good and cute. Size is correct! Shipment was at time. I even laundry them in machine :)Why amazon make me to wright 20 words? Ive told all i wannaBuy them! They are good
B005FI1VE6 twin boys love them I have twin 4yr old boys so I loved that they offered the same style shoe in different colors.  the boys love them and can put their shoes on with no problems.  We have had them for a couple weeks and they still look new which is great for my crazy guys.
B005FI1VE6 Wish I'd found these  for my kiddos years ago! I almost had a heart-attack on check out (bought these and a close-toed pair) -- these are much more expensive than the $2 flip flops I'm used to buying for summer fun.  However...the size Little Kid 2 fit my Little Kid who normally wears a size 2 perfectly...they are sturdy...she's worn them for two days with no blisters or rubbed-raw spots.  She loves them and will wear them, so they are definitely worth every penny to me!!
B005FI1VE6 salt water durable Got these sandles big to fit growing feet. The straps make the sandals wearable even though they're currently a little big. My granddaughters love them. I got them in pink and purple. The girls were able to play on our barnacled and rocky beach (sturdy soles) and go into the salt water of the Puget Sound. (Brr! Sturdy souls.) The shipment came in two days.
B005FI1VE6 Very Sturdy Cute and very sturdy.  The only reason I lowered the stars is because my granddaughter's ankles are a little plump (lol) and these straps rub the fronts of her ankles raw where the velcro is located.  I don't know for sure if this is a design flaw or if it is only because her her weight, but for us it is a real problem.
B005FI1VE6 GOOD  CHOICE This shoe is VERY comfortable and true to size.  Bought it for my grandson, and he absolutely LOVES it.  Timberland is a brand that you can always depend on!  Timberland is always well made and made to last!
B005FI1VE6 Cute, sturdy, but a little stiff I bought the brown ones in a size 5 for my one-year old who has been walking for three months.  These are very sturdy, but just enough flex for him.  They would be too stiff for a baby just learning to walk.  The only thing I dont love is that they chaff his foot at the ankle strap a little.  Not enough to  take them back, but enough that I probably would not leave them on him all day if he was walking everywhere so for older kids, you might want to be aware of the potential there.
B005FI1VE6 high quality Appears well made and high quality.  Size chart provided by timberland is accurate. My 2 1/2 year old seems very comfortable running and playing in them.
B005FI1VE6 Adorable and Sturdy My three year old is tough on clothes and shoes and these are holding up well. They are quite sturdy and fit true to size. All of the straps are adjustable with velcro. The footbed is padded, as is the strap at the back of the ankle. Very comfy for picky toddlers.
B005FI1VE6 Amazing for toddlers We buy these every year for both our kids. Their daycare doesn't allow for flip flops but this type is ok. The baby who is one and our daughter who is three can run safely in these and they are comfortable enough that the kids walked all through Disney in these. I will keep buying these every year!
B005FI1VE6 Nice comfortable shoe Fits my daughters foot as expected, just slightly wide. Velcro strap make adjustments easy for a more precise fit. Sturdy sole (yet still flexible), appears as though it will last for a while.
B005FI1VE6 durable sandles for toddlers we got these for our 2 year old. very comfortable and easy to put on, we got them a size up for when he grows out of these ones
B005FI1VE6 Trusted Brand! They fit great and my daughter loves running around in them! She's a hard fit for sandels and I'm glad my trust in the Timberland name paid off!
B005FI1VE6 granddaughter wears them most of the time A nice looking shoe and my granddaughter seems to like them. She has worn them most of the summer and they match almost all her summer clothes. They go and off easily with the velcro straps.
B005FI1VE6 Sturdy shoes Sturdy but kind of bulky. These keep my daughter's feet covered while playing though and are holding up well so far.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect We had purchased Timberland http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005FM6IT0/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 since our boy started cruising because the toes were covered. But the rate at which his feet grew,the toe cover served as a disadvantage. We changed to this type at 24m. Its perfect.
B005FI1VE6 great for boys comfortable and great for kids so they dont have smelly feet nothing worse than a kid with feet that smell like wrotten vinegar but these are perfect!!
B005FI1VE6 Look awesome! A+ for looks and performance. My 3 year old can easily take these on and off all day long.Only complaint is the lack of padding/construction of the top strap wears a sore spot on the top of my sons foot so we can only wear these occassionally as to not cause a self inflicted injury.
B005FI1VE6 Grew out of them before they even arrived... We ordered these for my 2.5 year old daughter. We tried some on at our local store but an 8 was to big and a 6 was to small and they had no 7s. We ordered a 7 on here because they are very well made and her little sister has a pair she looks comfortable in. I do have a complaint about the top strap rubbing her ankle like sand paper and leaving a mark though. By the time they arrived, a month later, they didn't fit much at all because she has grown... If I had known I would be waiting a month for toddler shoes I would have just bought size 8 here and had her tough it out lol but now her little sister has a pair to grow into so it works lol
B005FI1VE6 nice shoe the shoe seems comfortable for the child which is the main criteria for shoes for a toddler. the insole is soft rubber which is easier to maintain and wash versus a  suede insole. im going to wash them since one of the reviews said that the anti-microbial coating caused a rash. maybe washing will help and prevent that.
B005FI1VE6 Staple in my boys' wardrobe I used to buy these from endless before it closed recently. Am so glad I can get it from amazon. Good prices and these are well made and comfy. My boys climb, run and bike in them. Will repurchase till they outgrow the sizes.
B005FI1VE6 Somewhat heavy I like Timberland products as they have good fit and are good quality. I thought this would be great for my 11 month baby who is walking already, however, I can see that they are kind of heavy compared to other baby's shoes like Stride Ride. They are strudy but I can tell that my baby struggles a little bit to walk comfortably.
B005FI1VE6 prefect prefect&#65281;my baby is so lovely with this ,beautiful colour,good qaulity~and send soon~i'll visit again ! baby  like it so much ~ wearing refused to drag, thought is a toy
B005FI7PYG Good Very happy with them. Seem true to size my daughter wears a 5.5 and size 6 was perfect with a little room to grow over the summer. Never a complaint about wearing them and never any blisters. Good cushioning inside for little feet. Only complaint is that dirt,sand, wood chips get stuck in the pattern on the inside of the bottom of the shoe, but I anticipated needing to wash the insides to keep feet clean and they dry fast too.
B005FI7PYG excellent Las sandalias para ni&ntilde;as Timberland Mad River 3-Strap Sandal (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Pink/White mad river son comodas, bellas y confortables. A mi beba le encantaron
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe These are the best summer shoes for toddlers!  My kids love them, they are as sturdy as a sneaker for the playground but cool in hot weather.
B005FM5Q3O The best Sandal EVER First let me self-confess that I am hard to please.  I have very high standards for anything that I am going to spend more than about $10 on... I will spend $75 on shoes for my 6 yr old if i have to in order to get the best product... My son has narrow feet, and the way the velcro is set up makes them a perfect fit.  The insoles are extremely supportive and he says they make him run faster than his trainers. He is prone to blistering, even in sandals and he has yet to get a blister in these even after puddle stomping.  The threads are nice and smooth inside and I can't say enough good things about these shoes. Plus they are adorable.
B005FM5Q3O Good mylyshk took for 3 years! sole badly bent, it's the only negative! everything else is fine! quality, comfortable, stylish! leg does not Potente, breathing! very satisfied!
B005FM5Q3O great summer shoe These are great. Easy to get on for toddler w velcro. She is a 7 but i bought an 8 and was able to adjust velcro and they fit fine and will not outgrow so fast. She loves to get wet w puddles or hose and i dont have to worry w these. She can run easily in them too and i liked that her feet can breathe but she wont scrap her toes. When i find another color, i will get for my other child.
B005FM5Q3O I'm very happy The ordered for my daughter and she liked them. Wants to be the everyday. The slightly larger asked to last for longer
B005FM5Q3O Great Fit and Easy to Put On These are sturdy shoes that fit great and are very easy to put on.  There is no fuss with trying to thread the flaps and the ankle strap is all that's needed to easily get them on and off.  We love the looks of this shoe too.
B005FM5Q3O Always Good Timberland has never dissapointed. I have used this brand for my daughter and she only outgrows them. It never gets broken. I can't ask for more.
B005FM5Q3O i love it i rate it 5 stars because it fit as i expectedwhat i dislike is that the box u packed it in was over too bigand yes i will tell my friends
B005FM5Q3O Love that they are fully adjustable! My daughter wears a 13 1/2 but I ordered a 1. I was able to tighten the back strap so they won't fall off but she still has plenty of room for that summer growth spurt.
B005FM5Q3O Gracie I bought these after losing a pair at the beach that I bought at the shoe store for double the price. Love them for my 2 year old. I like covered toes for my baby still :) they are sturdy and waterproof.
B005FM5Q3O Thank goodness for these! We have been buying these for all three of out kids for the last few summers. They are the best alternative to flip flop or sneakers. My kids wear them all summer to the pool & playing! My 3 year old puts and takes them off on his own! Overall, they are great quality and hold up to a beating & dry quickly and clean easily!!!
B005FM5Q3O Got a blister My 2 boys loved the style but got wounded wearing these.  Guess I'll have to put band aids on as a preventative measure.  Kinda disappointed at the fit with the straps on the back.  They need a softer material.
B005FM5Q3O Loved these My daughter is just growing into a size 6 and these are snug because of the velcro in several places but gives her little toes room to grow - great shoe!!!
B005FM5Q3O Well made These shoes are very well made.  They are not as soft as some of the others we have owned, but since they withheld the whole summer of rough outdoor play, I would give it a 5 star.
B005FM5Q3O love these! Super comfortable shoes...from what I can tell from my 2 year old!  I love the fact that the straps around the top and the heels are padded on the inside so as to prevent blisters.  The toe guard is awesome too.  That is the main reason I bought them.  No more open toes and stubbing them on rocks or having her foot slide forward. Great shoe and well worth the money.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland closed toe sandels Great quality sandel. Good looking with closed toe that enables playing soccer or other outdoor activities. Fast delivery. I would recommend this sandel for your kids.
B005FM5Q3O Ripped after &lt;1month of wear I bought these for my 2 year 8 month old son. They seemed comfortable and he had no issues with them until one strap ripped off after &lt;1 month of wear. I will try sewing it back together since I paid good money for it, but I can't trust the integrity of these shoes.
B005FM5Q3O Can tack a licking and keep on ticking. My child is rough and tumble and these shoes held up well in the face of quite a bit of daily abuse; They still looked pretty decent.
B005FM5Q3O Our new fave This shoe is nice and versatile. Though it looks bulky, my 22 mo old can walk easily in it, and it still offers a lot of protection.  I'm very particular about having shoes that don't inhibit her walking abilities and this one was great from the get go.
B005FM5Q3O Not just cute but supremely practical! These shoes are adorable for starters... my baby's feet run small so having three Velcro straps to tighten them down for her is a really great thing.  They are soft on the inside, so there's no need to worry about giving baby blisters from wearing them too much. They have the front covered moderately so as baby is crawling she doesn't get her toes munched on stuff, which I like too...We've only gotten them wet once but I can imagine they'd do fine in the water also.  We got these for the warm summer while she's learning to walk so her feet aren't roasting in socks and tennis shoes.  All around great little sandal!!! :o)
B005FM5Q3O withstands little boys So these are the perfect shoes for our little ones. They can withstand all the abuse that our 2 and 4 year olds can dish out. I like that they withstand the water as well
B005FM5Q3O A good choice for 'fat' feet My son is only 2, but wearing a size 8. On top of that, his feet are fat, tall wedges. This has made sandal and shoe shopping nearly impossible. Despite the generous velcro that is provided, in order to have a comfortable fit, we have to extend the velcro to the most of its allowed length (around the toes). However, they fit. And they wear well. The enclosed toe has been appreciated in avoiding scraped toes, and the padding on the heel strap is a nice touch. They are also versatile, they don't look too shabby when worn with socks either. Over all, a good shoe for a fat footed, clumsy toddler! Haha
B005FM5Q3O M feet At first glance it looked uncomfortable or would iiritate his toes. Turned out to be very comfortable and no blisters on toes. M wish it was green. Hopefully next Summer other colors are sold.
B005FM5Q3O Great product Well made.  Hard to find closed toe sandals for my blind grandson as he gets older.  These are great looking and we'll constructed.  Inner seams are cornered no exposed seams to irritate his foot.  Soles are as well made as running shoes.
B005FM5Q3O Quality construction I have several friends whose kids have these and they lasted all summer through a lot of wear and tear. This pair is for my daughter for next summer and they should fit just fine as they have three velcro straps to adjust. Even a size or two bigger than what she is right now she was still running around in them just fine.  Worth the money!!
B005FM5Q3O Great for hot little feet My 15 month old will be living in these for the spring and summer. They are sturdy and seem good for early walkers. We are frequently at the playground and have not had any problems with rocks or mulch getting stuck inside. Other reviewers had problems with these making different parts of little feet red or raw. The only time this is a problem for us is if she is squatting(playing in the dirt) and ankles are really flexed. When she gets up the top strap often leaves a little red mark. she has not seemed bothered at all by this. We will definitely use these at the pool, park, and in the yard.
B005FM5Q3O Made very well Bought these for our grandson and they fit wonderful.  They are made very well for little ones that are on the go.
B005FM5Q3O 5 stars - great sandals! I purchased these shoes for our 16 month old for an upcoming beach trip.  Her feet tend to get pretty hot and sweaty so I wanted something breathable, but still enclosed.  These are the perfect shoes for that!  We ended up wearing them at the beach, in the ocean, and all around at home.  They are well made, protect her feet, and the two straps on top of the shoe and the one strap at the heel makes the shoe adjustable to fit any foot (our daughter has pretty fat feet and usually wears a wide).  They have padded soles and soft padded straps for comfort.  I will be buying another pair for her next summer!
B005FM5Q3O Perfect for children to run and have fun We are using only this kind of shoes "from the brand Timberland" for our kids to play outdoor or for hinking and taking long walks. We live in Hawaii, so its always warm here. I love the fact that my childrens toes are protected just in case if they trip and fall (that happes often with a toddler, preschooler and a kindergarten child). They have a stable feeling while runnning. Even on hot days air gets to they feets. They dont sweet in them. Very good quality, the money is good invested. I think its important not so save on shoes, rather save on cloth. Of course the light pink color gets dirty very quick and easy. But I just put them in the washmachine sometimes and they look like brand new. We use it for outdoor play anyway, we have other shoes when we do something nice :-)
B005FMAO36 Took a chance Was going on a cruise and bought this for my 8 month old- they ended being a bit too big and we never really used them so I can not give them a fair recommendation.
B005FMBDD6 Wow I did not expect these to be so comfortable and my son to love the colors so much he did not want to take them off. The fact that the tip is 'closed' is great since he never looks where he is going - this way he does not stub his toes as badly. The upper material is neoprene and so they feel similar to water shoes, and wear great in the spray park, on the beach, and walking home. Best thing - they remain comfortable even when wet. They also kept well after 4 months of everday wear with only a bit of scuffing on the orange piping at the front (the piping is generally the only part that really stains at all). I loved these little sandals - so much so, I will be buying these again come this summer in a larger size.
B005FMBDD6 Very light and comfortable Very comfortable, very light and useful for wet surfaces, it has easy drying material. My daughter loved it and did not take it off during the last summer so i bought another pair for this summer too
B005FMBDD6 comfy for little feets my sone loved it from the very moment he saw them. put them on wear all day. very nicely made. love them too!giving it only 3 stars now because after a month of wearing it wore off much quicker than expected.
B005FMBDD6 great shoe! Just received these for my 5 yr old! He loves how comfortable they were and i loved the colors and the width. I ordered a size up because they werent half sizes. Even though its a drop big I know this will last the summer and my sons toes will be protected but his foot still aerated. Bought a second one for my 2 yr old too! So excited!
B005FMBDD6 Cute and nice fit Got these for our Disney trip. I went a size up and the shoe is a little big but I also want it to last the whole summer. The footbed has these slightly lumpy cushions but my son does not seem to mind it. He also has a chunky foot and it opens wide enough to slip his foot in and out.  He did wear them with socks on our trip and did a lot of walking. I did not notice any blisters or pressure marks.
B005FMBDD6 Going to the beach Wanted beach shoes for the kiddo. I am not sure how she'll react to sand, so I got these to make sure she will still enjoy the beach. She loves these shoes and they are very comfortable for her.
B005GSZXT4 it is fashion. it is fashion and comfortable.i like it very much.it is made of genuine leather,it is my favourite.the price is very good.timberland is always my favourite.i will buy shoes again later.
B005GSZYPM Very worthy Bought these for myself and have been wearing them ever since. They do not wear out easily and definitely last really long
B005GY8RYQ Comfortable, attractive, durable. Great shoes that go on quickly, are versatile in both summer and winter (well, OK, California winters).  I get compliments on them all the time.
B005GY98C6 Just right Looks good, feels right, and performance is great.  What more can you really want from a review...filler space is right here.
B005GY99A2 Item shipped was not the same as pictured I ordered the beige pair and in the picture there was not any canvas on the shoe (like the dark brown one has). I noticed that when Amazon sent me my order confirmation the picture was different but by that time the order had been processed and it was too late to cancel. The canvas shoe is not as nice looking as the ones without canvas so be sure you want canvas on yours prior to ordering because that's what will be sent. I noticed in a previous comment that another customer had the same issue. I will be returning these shoes.
B005GY99AM Excellent job by Timberland! Upon initial inspection, these shoes have to be one of the highest quality shoes ever made by Timberland.  I cannot say they are some what small but they are a bit on the tight/narrow side, at least initially.Although they are a bit tight, I need to give them more time around the living room..........high comfort, classic styling!! I hope, if these work out, I can find them in the sand/beige color, too. I see they have a nice boot of a similar make, too!Thanks Amazon and thanks Da'Vinci for such prompt and well packaged delivery ...........!!
B005GYECXQ nice The style is fine, just thought is thick, the results a bit thinWhite sole easy dirty, other are very good!
B005GYECXQ Great shoes but needs another shoelace hole... Great shoes but needs another shoelace hole... I normally wear a 10 1/2 wide but I fit into a size 10 in these boots.. My only complaint is that need another shoelace eyehole. It comes with two but I need one more to keep my ankle from slipping out.. So I took a belt notch maker/tool and added a 3rd shoelace hole..
B005GYECXQ I  LIKE  IT These shoes are made in China, good quality.I like it, fit, foot curve, in line with the needs of the human body, it is beautiful.
B005GYJW4A Very Comfortable I like this pair so much.  Very comfortable and durable.  I have been wearing it as frequently as the weather would allow.
B005GYJW4A Comfortable! They are leather, comfortable, slip-resistant and ATVs. They are really expensive, I was lucky to get them on sale. Good Luck!
B005GYK514 Good, But backdrop rubs your feet, when it new Good quality, looks solid and has a thick rubber sole. size table is right. But backdrop rubs your feet, when it new.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable shoes I liked the tooled leather look, and they felt comfortable, but I ended up returning them. With the large toe box (which is a good thing), they made my feet look bigger and clunkier than they already are (which is a bad thing). If you don't mind the Croc-like look, this is a nice shoe. More comfortable than Danskos!
B005I6RZXG the fit of timberline pro the shoe runs a bit large, this was the case for mu daughter also. not sure what to do about it because I wore them to see how they felt.
B005I6RZXG Awesome I am a nurse. I have been working on my feet and legs since 1976. My legs and veins are shot. I've tried everything from crocs and athletic shoes to danskos. These are truly anti fatigue and the best yet
B005I6RZXG comfy, non slip is pretty good I am surprised these are as comfortable as they are . I would think the platform heel would be too much for my achy joints, but its not. They are very stylish, much better looking than other nonslip shoes. There is an engraved detail to them that you cant see very well in pic, but very stylish. I work in food service and wear these when I have to dress a little nicer or have meetings,.The non slip sole is pretty good, but not as good as ShoesForCrews, Skechers or TradeSafe. If I were in the kitchen more I probably couldn't wear them since I walk very fast.Overall, a great option for a little dressier, and something different than black
B005I6RZXG Good product Just what I was looking for, felt like slippers when I put them on. I love the large toe box as i have bunions and hammer toes.  Plan to purchase another pair soon.  My only issue is that my heal slips a little bit when i walk.
B005I6RZXG Would not recommend These shoes were heavier than i expected, but the biggest issue is the squeaking. I wore them for a day and people kept laughing at how loud they squeaked! They were not as comfortable as I had hoped either.
B005I6RZXG Comfprtable! It is slightly wider than I thought. But it is one of the most comfortable shoes I own after putting insert in.
B005I6RZXG :) Very comfortable compared to my previous danskos! The only thing I don't like is the way the leather looks where my foot bends it on top after walking in them all day. But other than that I love them! They were 20 bucks cheaper on here too. :)
B005I6RZXG Annoying squishy noise Beautiful shoes, but larger than expected. They make an annoying squishing sound when I walk. They sound like old-fashioned galoshes!
B005I6RZXG No break in period required These were the replacements for the dank os I suffered through 8 days attempting to break in.  Great for people with wide foot or bunion.  No pain just good solid footware. Will buy again
B005I6RZXG Great Comfort, Can Be Noisy I love these shoes! I have been wearing them to work for a month now. The comfort level is amazing. After searching for three years to replace an uber comfortable pair of slipon Merrells, I found my new shoes.I have a narrow heel and average width at the front of my foot. Due to the shoes' construction, I think a normal width heel would fit fine, too. My toes have plenty of space without slopping around. The slight slope of the sole feels natural.Cons:After a month, I'm noticing the black texture is taking a beating and might not stay pretty for a long time. Also, and I read this in a few other reviews, the bed in the heel of the left shoe is noisy. The sound reminds me of a miniature, quiet whoopee cushion with every step.
B005I6RZXG It's little bit dusty and old. it looks being stored  in a long time.  very dusty , it feels not good as expected. but the size is ok
B005I6RZXG Total Awesomeness Have previously bought these shoes in the past. Love the anti-fatigue technology, it does wonders for those of us healthcare workers that spend 95% of our time standing. Never feel a thing.
B005I6RZXG Timberlands The most amazing shoes I have ever worn!! I have a lot of chronic foot pain and I can make it thru 12 hrs without any problems!! I would highly recommend them!!
B005I6RZXG disappointed Although it was indicated that these shoes were delivered on the 3rd, they were NOT received at my address in Madison, Wi until Monday, January 6th. Considerably late in that I had anticipated wearing them Friday night (January 3rd) to a party. the tracking number did not function, nor tell me where the shoes were at any one time. Although the shoes look very becoming, and shorten the length of a large women's foot, I cannot wear them as I would need a 1/2 size....not available. The main reason they are being returned is that I was going to wear them early-late Friday, January 3rd to a late &#34;holiday party&#34; with a pink and brown skirt and lacy brown top. My entire outfit had to be changed for the occasion. I'm disappointed that they did not arrive in time, that they are somewhat large, but with socks on vs. nylons, they would fit fine. I'm also displeased that the tracking number was not at all functioning or helpful.
B005I6RZXG Highly, highly highly recommend!!!! I have to rave about these shoes. I even bothered to post them on my Facebook page I love them so much. I am a non traditional nurse and fly weekly so I am always running through airports, intermittantly in a healthcare setting, and have to stand at conferences on cement floors occasionally as well. I wear business wear to scrubs and I have struggled for years to find a shoe style that could do all of these things in comfort that provide proper support, versatility, and look somewhat stylish as well. These are really the best shoes I have ever owned that suit all of my needs. I seriously wish I had these years ago as a young nurse working 12 hour shifts and standing for hours on end!  Highly highly highly recommend!!!
B005I6RZXG lovet them enjoying my new shoes i wear them to work daily and i really like them alot i will order m
B005I6RZXG Very comfortable From the moment I put them on, they were unbelievably comfortable and look good with either dress pants or jeans.  The soles of the shoes make A LOT of squeaky noise on waxed tile floor.  The heel of the left shoe is starting to make noise - as if there is an air pocket in the material.
B005I6RZXG Not anti-fatigue Nothing anti-fatigue about these.  If you want anti-fatigue try Alegria shoes.  I've tried every nursing shoe out there and after one day in these I was hurting almost as bad as I was when I wore Danskos.
B005I6YJW6 Light but uncomfortable at the back heels I had much better expectations from Timberland but these shoes seems to be of lower quality compared to other pairs of Timberland that I have. I like the Composite toe which is really a plus point but the dread of wearing it with an uncomfortable heel seems too much to compromise. Initially when I read that someone was having that issue, I thought it was something that's probably one in a million, it won';t happen to me. I guess there's really something not right in the design of these shoes that caused this. The heel part of the shoes seems to be normal but the back part right shoe has this stitching that makes your heel very uncomfortable and painful if you wear normal socks. I had to wear thick socks to minimise this problem and it didn't ease out over time. I've been wearing them the past 2 months for like 25 days and it still has this problem. Probably putting a padded foam at the heel will help, yet to try.
B005I6YJW6 what shank? I bought these to work on a ladder without injuring my feet.  I chose these because of the shank they were supposed to have.  In fact they were more flimsy than a cheap pair of hiking shoes I had.Returned.
B005I6YJW6 confortable safety shoe I usually wear 42 french size, but for these shoes, 9.5 us was correctthey seem confortable as I just try in my house, soon in my workshop to wer it usually a day, and sure it will bevery good product !
B005I6YJW6 I like them alot BUT... I've had these boots since Christmas and I work at UPS surrounded by concrete and steel gratings that are like cheese graters to footwear. My biggest complaint about these are inside the boots above the heel. The fabric is pretty thin and underneath that is a really hard support. The fabric there has worn out already from constant friction and it really hurts above my heel actually. It gets red, has caloused and there would be no way I could wear these with no show socks. I'm going to look into some kind of heel cushion for these. The Vibram sole is also starting to lift up in a few areas on both boots. Other than that I really like them, they're light weight and look good.
B005I6YJW6 Started good, but downhill fast Like them when I first put them on, but went downhill from there. Feels like the ball of your foot is unnaturally raised. I'm on my feet most of my ten hour days and after a week my knees started hurt. Will never buy this shoe again. I love Timberland boots, too!
B005I6YJW6 stlylish This shoe is not only comfortable but stylish. I love it as if fit me fine and meets my jobs requirements which is an ESD environment
B005I6Z4JI dont wait I like them.Wish I bought them first.They are light weight. The M is the standard size.I was lucky they only had two pair left.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland PRO Great boots, exellent price, paid 65.00 on sale at Amazon, the fit is a bit tight on the side but I guess it needs a little breaking in. They are really good looking and confortable.
B005I70ASM GREAT BAG VERY GOOD QUALITY AND GREAT PRICE! HANDLES ALL MY TEXTBOOKS AND BINDERS IPAD AND ALL THE OTHER LITTLE THINGS VERY GOOD FOR DAY TRIPS WITH THE KIDS TO PARKS AND AMUSEMENT PARKS!! CANT GO WRONG VERY HAPPY
B005I70V7W For Those Who Favor Domestic Manufacture I paid only a slim fraction of retail for these boots.  Would never consider paying $495 for this product.  Seems very substantial boot.  Understated styling.  Speed lacing somehow escaped the design of these boots.  One has no choice but to lace to the top.  Fine with me, but some will find this annoying.  If chosen to wear in snow and rain a good water-proofing agent would be indicated.  Many will be "proud" to know these are made in Maine, but frankly this is a matter of indifference to me.  I am not an expert on pitting one country's manufacturing expertise against that of another.  The Italian made boots I own appear every bit as sturdy and stylish as these.
B005I72CAQ Are the North Woods Calling? Some buyers will be attracted to this purchase simply because of its &#34;Made in the USA&#34; pedigree.  The advertised retail price of $495 seems outrageous to me, although to buy a gently used edition for a tiny fraction of the high-dollar retail is a certain sort of satisfaction.  I have not worn these boots a great deal.  They seems tremendously well-made, classically styled, rock-solid in ankle support.  My only qualm is the inflated retail price.
B005I72EKE Great Looking, Comfortable Boot Looked all winter w/o success for insulated, pull on boots in my size  that don't look like the golashes my mother made me wear. Then I saw these. I'd give them 5 stars except I haven't had a chance to see how they perform in real winter. I'll let you know if my opinion changes.
B005I72RC4 Not so great The left side of the left heel did not touch the floor when these boots were resting on the floor.  You would think $500 for a pair of handmade, made in the USA boots would not have problems like this...  What a waste of time.
B005LCQYYS i like the style and the quality this shoe fit very comfortable, i think it it s best wear on summmer time, it match jean very well, i have never tried with no wearing sock yet. i really like and size fit me good. thanks
B005LCQYYS a little tide.... When buy shoes, I usually add and extra half (.5) but in this case wasn't enough, unfortunatelly. For this model, I suggest to add and extra point, in my case, not 9, but 9.5.
B005LCQYYS so so nothing specific... very usuali was expecting more than thissizing is rightlook is averageprice a bit expensive
B005LCQYYS Minimal and comfortable.. Minimal and comfortable.. These mostly rugged canvas shoe run true in actual size... I love them and have had many complements..
B005LCQYYS Fancy I love this shoes. Very confortable and beautiful, only problem is the lace that always is dis-make when you are walking ... no worries
B005LCQYYS Looks nice but unconventional style and a bit uncomfortable* I love the look of this shoe but they are a very different design. Instead of a traditional tongue they have a straight piece of fabric that is gathered at the top of the foot when the laces are pulled. This causes the fabric to bunch at the top and can be very uncomfortable if you like your shoes fitted tightly. *I learned to wear them loosely which is a bit odd but feels better. The down side is that they can easily slip on and off this way. I'm used to it now but do prefer a more traditional style. I considered a 3 star rating but I do like the look.
B005LCQYYS only good after i took a knife at it I never had heel blisters until i bought these shoes. The back is so hard and stiff i had to cut it out, and then they become bearable.
B005MI875U Love 'em If you have a really wide foot then these aren't for you. I knew this when I ordered these and to my happiness these shoes seem to be a bit more generous across the hoof than Timberlands usually are. In fact these shoes are damned near perfect. I have two minor gripes which can be easily fixed by the folks at Timberland.The heel bed is very rigid and could do with a little more cushioning, and the speed lacing 'hooks' could do with being a bit more rounded. The edges are pretty hard on the laces.These get a 4.5 from me. Love 'em.
B005MI875U BOUGHT THEM FOR MY FIANCE BECAUSE HIS TIMS WERE BEATEN UP WHEN HE OPENED THE BOX HE FELL IN LOVE WITH THEM AND WORE THEM THAT SAME EVENING.HE SAID HIS FRIENDS NOTICED THEM AND SAID THEY WERE NICE.
B005MI875U I love these Out of the box these were extremely comfortable and looked so good with a pair of jeans ! I will be wearing these for a very long time. I couldnt have asked for anything more!
B005MI875U McLovin the Timberland brand, Big Time. These shoes are fantastic. Just holding them in your hand you KNOW your money was well spent. The materials, design, and construction all come together. The brand Rockport took an Amazon review-beating on a shoe of theirs I was also looking at; Rockport out sourced their construction to Vietnam and the results were a disaster. Not so Timberland. Its not just about the money- its the good feeling you get from owning a quality product, no matter how much or little it costs, whether its t-shirts, tube socks, whatever!When it comes to shoes, and in particular shoes of this type, I feel my work is done and I can rely on the Timberland brand. Its great to see the results of intelligence at work in all aspects of something you buy and wear.
B005MI875U Terrible soles I bought these because I thought they looked like a classier version of the Timberland Chocora, which I have and love.  The Whiteledge is very similar, and very nice, EXCEPT for the soles...they are a very hard, plasticky rubber compound that gives almost no traction on wet surfaces.  Now there could have been different production runs of these, I don't know, so maybe some are better than others, but mine were terrible.  I would recommend the Chocoras, however.
B005MI875U Top knotch Timberland lives up to their reputation here. Very lightweight, great fit, & good looking.I am going to buy 1 more pair so when these wear out I'm covered.
B005OI1U8O Great Deal! I really liked these boots as soon as I saw them.  Nowhere though, says that there's a Gore-tex membrane that breathes but keeps moisture out.  I got the black ones that I think look the best.  I haven't worn them yet, but my only initial concern for this fabric shoe was concerning ankle support.  I guess that's what the large strap that goes around the shoe is for.The single best thing about buying them at the Timberland store during their July 4 sale was that I got these for around forty dollars.
B005TG60R2 a little disapponted The shoes are very comfortable.But after a month, outer sole is separating from bottom of shoe around the heel area.
B005Z70G66 good quality I got that item on the time and i like that item quality ..when you wacth the view behind that glasses , you will understant what i am talking about right now :)
B005Z70G66 Great fit&#8212;loose arm protectors. These shades have a great fit but beware the arm wraps&#8212;they eventually come loose and come loose as you remove the shades from your face and end up hanging out behind your ears fooling you into thinking you've lost the arm wraps.
B005ZFBLTY Total waste of money I love the style but found the tiny buckle extremely stiff and hard to fasten.  The toe seemed a bit tight and the heel was much looser than other brands I've worn.  The worst part was that the elastic holding the buckle broke after approximately forty days of wear, leaving me no choice but to throw them away.  They were less expensive than the Klogs I usually buy but I still feel they should have lasted a little longer than they did.  No more Timberland for me.
B005ZFBLTY very disappointed on the U.S. Amazon! I was in China, come here in the United States purchased the Amazon, this pair of shoes there are scratches, too far, has spent $ 60 shipping, returns are not possible, and does not speak English, can only rely on Google translate, Can not find a customer communication, buy this pair of shoes, is to give my mother a gift, very disappointed on the U.S. Amazon!
B005ZFDZMK super comfortable shoes I wear size 9.5 but I need space for my custom made inserts, I ordered size 10, it fits perfect, I love the insole cushing, in my job I walk all the time non stop, with my timberlands I'm walking on the clouds, no pain, no cramps,  help my posture, no back pain ... I choose the right one ... I love it!... the only thing I don't like is that the outsole Sticks on a few surfaces, ceramic, porcelain, marmol floors. .....
B005ZQT8FM Top Quality at unbeatable price I have been shopping for new luggage for some time. I am glad I did not purchase any of the alternatives before I came across the Timberland set. It is of absolutely top quality, looks great and there is a lot of attention to very practical details (like one shoe bag in each). It is light weight yet reliable. The pull-out levers for example are very solid and glide in and out with no play.For the price of one top quality pieces you get a set of four. It seems like Timberland gave up travel luggage, hence the cheap price. Get it while you can, you won't regret it!
B005ZQTQM2 bulky i bought this because my brother has one similar to it , a timberland kind and it is slim and perfect to travel with. This one is too bulky in the wrong places which doesnt save me money on my flights to and from school and home.
B00604GGP8 I wouldn't buy again The shirt looks exactly like the picture.  It is exactly what I was looking for, my son was in a wedding and needed a shirt to match the colors. I gave it a 2 because I wouldn't buy it again(save your money)  It was a waste of my $30.  My son wore it one time and in that time the pocket came off in the wash??? As well as there are parts on the shirt fraying. Who every did the sewing on this shirt needs to be fired!  So the shirt sits waiting for me to repair.  Don't buy.
B00623SKVU Warning... Warning, these are socks of kids. No where on the current description says this. I am very disappointed! I was really looking forward to using them.
B0063MTW3K the price the price of timberland website is $49,i get one for $65 at 2012.11.30.the boots are good ,the price hignter than timberland website
B00658KSBC Polarized option is bad. i think are not strong, you need to keep its very carefully, the polarized is easy off and look ugly now.
B00689RD3O fell apart first week waste of monay. I thought timberland was supposed to be rugged. Inner cloth ripped and seams unraveled within one week.
B006BDM1GQ Wanted to now This sunglasses i bought for my son i see it it`s okay and matched to him, because i wanted to now more about this sunglasses its a first time i brought .
B006BM4AVQ I love this watch so much, please,please bring it back i received many compliments on my watch and is looking to buy another one. One can never go wrong with having two.
B006DK6K3C Pretty stylish, but not very practical If you want sunglasses just for appearances, these are great.  If you want to block out any sun or glare, these are not.
B006F62ZUQ Ok for the price,,, The logo looks weird and seems a lil small. barely fits the large billswill update in months to see if it is durable..
B006F65NL4 What more could you ask for This is as classic a billfold as you could ask for.  It is beautifully made and reeks of good taste classic design.  I have used it for several months now and it appears bland new. It has held its shape and does not appear to be "molding" itself from considerable pressure exerted my my two hundred and seventy pound derriere. If you want what you see, you will get it and it will continue to be just that.  I can now testify to the fact that Timberland makes other excellent products besides shoes and boots.
B006F65NL4 the colour isn't the same it is not the same colour which is performed here. it is more light one and do not like it
B006F676IW Poor stitching, good leather Overall, the leather is impressive, the the plastic they used feels cheap in comparison to other wallets I reviewed. In fact, the stitching came loose in the box where the lether met the plastic. The flap opening up to the right doesn't make any sense, and leads to an unwieldy, longer than usual trifold-ish design. Compare to other wallets, it's nice to see this one come in a simple cardboard box, in comparison to some crazy fake lether plastic box that the tommy one's come in.Here are the spaces I counted from my larger alley review. It's hard to see them from the pic:2 plastic pockets on flap, stitching already coming apart on plastic8 inside pockets2 spade spaces behind inside pocketsRead my comparison review with six other wallets here:http://www.amazon.com/Levis-Extra-Capacity-Slimfold-Wallet/product-reviews/B004A7YLPY/ref=cm_cr_dp_synop?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=0&sortBy;=bySubmissionDateDescending#R1J9O4JZWIO565
B006F676IW Fantastic quality - Borderline front pocket A little too thick for front pocket if you carry cash inside or wear tight pants.  Other reviews mentioned difficulty fitting cards in the card slots.  However, while initially a tight fit, the leather does break in and after a week or so there is no problem.
B006F676IW Great quality, but not field tested. Looks and feels great, but when you actually go to try to put a credit card in one of the slots you have to squeeze it in like you're trying to stuff a chicken. Maybe the leather will break in over time but it sure is tight.
B006JFYTTS Too New To Tell Have been buying Timberland socks for many years due to cost and value. I've only been wearing this version for a month or so and I'm pleased. Appeared they would be on the small size out of the package but they pull up and stay up just fine. If anything, would probably prefer something with a little more cotton content but I'm satisfied with these.
B006N3KYGI super shoes! Maybe at the beggining bit hard for feet. Butwhile after - superb!
B006OB62PQ Wonderful quality I ordered this for my boyfriend for christmas, and it looks amazing. I can't wait to give it to him.
B006P717UO Exceptional Timberlands! These are definitely top of the line Timberlands. They are not the cheapy, you can tell why they are on sale type. They were free of defect.
B006T2EJC8 Comfortable right out of the box Comfortable right out of the box. We will see how they hold up for the long haul. I really like the fit
B006T2EJC8 Best in comfort and sturdy Very comfortable and sturdy boots. I would definitely recommend.  They beat the competition in comfort. Better than wolverine, ariat, caterpillar etc.
B006T2Z940 A Man's Man Boot Very comfortable, durable and actually more stylish than I anticipated.  Could wear these all day and not have foot fatigue
B006T2Z940 Please help One fits and the other does not? I think the elastic is tighter on one boot? I don't know what to do? I have worn them 2 days.
B006T2Z940 the boots Fit perfectly I recommended arrives on time tnx guy's, even the price was good wish you had more colors tnx
B006T307QE Top two lace eyes are incorrect Boots loose on feet ,when lacing the top two lace eyes they are to close to edge ,hard to get laced up
B006T307QE wery good i love this boot,  they are to confortable to wokt, wery light and stable. I work offshore and i just to raence the boat my feet just to get wet. whit this boots I do not have that problem any more
B006T307QE official Im satisfied for the most part. I just hope they last longer than my walmart kickers, i had before this pair.
B006T307QE Great workboot, perhaps a bit heavy for hiking This was a workboot that I tried on here at home in Canada, but couldn't afford the price point.  I thought about ordering on Amazon and was extremely pleased that it was going to save me over $80!  Onto the boot.  It is lighter than many workboots (I am a woman with a very wide foot and this is why I often look for a men's 7W in certain types of men's footwear), with a very comfortable interior and no heavy seams or joints that rub on your foot to create sore spots.  The toe and shank seem more than rigid enough to protect my foot while dealing with landscaping issues, and the Vibram sole is superior for slip resistance.  The exterior seems to be quite rugged, which is good out in the field.  Although rated as a hiker/workboot (up here it is CSA approved), I probably will not wear it hiking, opting for something a little lighter.  There is lots of impact absorption in the soul and the interior insole, which is removeable for anyone who needs to put in orthotics.  A really great boot.
B006T307QE Done with Timberland. Obviously not field tested well. Stitching started coming undone after a couple of weeks. The once awesome insole started developing holes, blistering my heels after a month. Way too heavy. I don't know why I keep giving Timberland second chances, not again.
B006T307QE Timberland PRO is light and comfortable and quality is above expectation, suitable for construction and engineering working environment, would definitely recommend this!
B006T307QE Excellent Value since it was going to cost $100 to resole my 9yr old Scarpa boots, i bought these to continue using while riding my motorcycle year round. (so unfair as this may be, i am comparing the $130 Timberland with the $275 Scarpa) Pros: So if a shoe has a prob, my left foot will tell me within an hour, Passed, Haven't tested the water proofing yet. Love the lacing system with the top two having a choice of threading or just hook, cool. the heel is tapered which is great design. Grip, like suction cups on dry, very good on wet (and i read Poor on ice). Alloy Toe protection which my Scarpa's did not. Easy On/off. A few ounces lighter than my Scarpa's but since i wore them down to nothing and the soles laterally fell off! after 9 years and 2 motorcycle crashes. Cons: the comfort around the ankle is nominal compared with the Scarpa &#34;pillow top&#34; so i will add thicker socks in the winter.
B006T307QE Great buy by timberland pro They are idol for the construction based worker. Has all the fundamental parts to a working mans boot system overall
B006T307QE Boot moves when I walk and rubs on my Achilles tendon I did not like the cut of the boot on the back.  If you look at the picture, the foot opening slopes to the back.  For me it rubs on my Achilles tendon and is VERY uncomfortable.  I ended up sending back to Amazon for Refund.
B006T307QE shoes they look good brought them for the style and the comfort surprised me wear them everywhere i go chill out
B006T307QE I Love These Boots They are Great and comfortable and they were so affordable I went to the boot store where I live and they had these boots ordered in my size for 174.00 excluding then I seen these on amazon for 119.00 wow I ordered them right away and got my money back from shoe store they are great I would recommend these to all workers you can&#34;t go wrong with timberland pro 30 days to try them
B006T30U8E Best purchase for work boots and best online company to deliver it! I had started wearing this pair for 3 days now and this is one of those rare pairs that does not require any breaking in. Absolutely none! And the cushioning is top-notched; feels like I'm wearing some kind of Nike Air. No tiredness from standing, walking, running jumping all day. There were colleagues of mine that complimented these boots and wondering where did I made such a beautiful kill. So, I told them that it's Amazon, and they were quite surprised that amazon ships to Singapore. From where my residence is (Singapore), amazon seldom has items that can be shipped here, but thank God, for these boots, it can! And delivery was blazingly fast (purchased on thursday, got it the coming tuesday).Keep up the good work, Timberland and Amazon!PS: Amazon, please make more items available to be shippable to Singapore, please!
B006T30U8E Timberland Pro never disappoints I have never had a Timberland Pro shoe that I didn't like.  You do need to know what you want to do with it so you get the right one, but that is true of any workboot.
B006T30U8E Goodbye Sear's Die hards- Hello Timberland Pro My husband was unsure of my purchase, but I was tried of him complaining about the other brand he wore for the past 20 years. I needed to find something that would help ease the foot and back pain the old brand was giving him. After reading the reviews, I felt sure the Timberland Pro men's Barstow Wedge Work Boot was just what he needed. Wa-La! He absolutely loves them. No more-aching feet, low back pain and even the old knee's apprieciate the flexability these boots provide. I will continue to purchase these boots for him because if your achy at work- you come home grumpy and I'm so enjoying the smile he comes home with now.
B006T30U8E Highly recommended Goodbye Die Hards and Hello Timberland!!!Timberland boots are very comfortable and highly recommended.Comfortable the first day, no need to break them in.
B006T30U8E Great Most comfortable boot ive owned yet. Trscks no dirt into house. Only downside is how easy they scuff. Gives it character though haha. Also they are not insulated
B006T31UWE Hubby loves them He is in construction and is on his feet all the time.  He has purchased expensive boots and special inserts.  This was a good value.
B006T32HGC Great boot so far This boot has so far been great. I had known of Timberlands running slightly larger size for size as compared to most boots. I've had them for four months, one summer, one fall, and two winter, here in Montana. They have performed well in service, with 275lbs or more, through slushy, mucky, rocky and uneven surfaces. I was aware of those who've had poor performance from this model, but the Hyperion soft toe has been very comfortable and sturdy for me so far. I would recommend these to anyone for mild or light hiking, working field conditions, or city slicking street stomping.  If there's something adverse in the near future, I'll update my review.
B006T32HGC Fitting Boot fits a little tight in the ankles.  Had other timberland pro endurance boots that didn't have this problem. Only had them for 1 week, if they don't break in by next week I will order a different style of timberland pro endurance with anti fatigue and these will end up at the goodwill
B006T32HGC Very comfy I am very picky about my shoes. I have gotten rid of tons of brand new shoes because they are not comfortable. One of my family members recommended I get the Timberland PRO boots and try them. Loved them from the first day. They could be warmer but I was more interested in the waterproof factor. Seller shipped quick and emailed as well. Would purchase again. Same boots same retailer.
B006T32HGC my right foot hurts my left foot feels fine but my right foot really hurt after I wore them the first couple of times.  I have tried every adjustment possible but my right foot still hurts.  in fairness, I don't know if it is the right boot or my right foot.  my last pair of tims though, I didn't have this problem.
B006T32HSK Just wish they had these in uninsulated as well! I really love these boots, but unfortunately they don't make an uninsulated version. I refuse to buy a different pair for the summer, since these are really comfortable and there really aren't many good uninsulated boots out there. These are very comfortable and the break in period was really easy.
B006T32HSK Amazon is the BEST no comments Because I was expecting what I order n got exactly what I order iam very pleased with my order . People could say what they want to say but I give it 5 stars
B006T32TKG Too Heavy! Looks good, but way too heavy! My back starts to ache after walking in them or a little time. They are too clunky. These shoes are probably suited for working, not for long-distance hiking or walking.
B006T32TKG Great Boot, Not so great craftsmanship I found these boots online after seeing them in a store for a great deal more than what I paid for these. Using the same product number from what was in the store I received these, which were not steel-toe as I assumed they would be, but everything else appeared fine. They were a gift for my husband and when he went to lace them up, the top hooks popped out as he was tying them! He fixed them himself so hopefully they stay put, but if not I'll be editing my review and not purchasing them again!
B006T32TKG Broken EYELET The boots fit great extremely comfortable but there's a problem. The first day everthing was finr with them on the second day I put them on and proceeded to lace them up once I got all the lacing in i went to pull my laces tight and I noticed that there were two broken eyelets on the left boot and one broken eyelet on the right boot and it sucks because now  after i pull the laces tight they automaticlly loosen up due to the broken eyelets. I love the boots but I am disappointed I've had nothing but problems with them since I've ordered the first it was the shipping and I never got them but that got resolved and now the eyelets are broken and nothing has been done about that. So all in all the boots are nice there just not worth the hassle.
B006T32TKG Friggin awesome!!!! I hope they make these in black. HINT! So comfy and light weight. A real mans shoes.Even though they are not steel toe, you can still kick a door in!!!Bad ass boots with a bad ass look!!! Timberland rocked the s*** outta these.Rocky ViazzaniCapo Balia Films
B006T32WNK pretty good so far Only had them a week so far . Longer break in period than expected based on other reviews I read . Took about 3 days .
B006T92A7C comfortable and lightweight These are comfortable to wear and the wicking ability is good. They are lightweight enough to be worn with all my shoes. The only reason I didn't rate them higher is that on initial wearing they did not stay all the way up. Instead the top 2 inches of sock compressed itself into a lumpy roll lower on my calf. They didn't sag down to my ankles and still looked respectable, I just didn't like the rather thick roll at the top of the sock. Have a little bit of a concern that they may not stay up well after laundering a few times. Other than that, they felt great and look good. They were not at all too small for my feet (I wear women's size 9 shoes).
B006T92A7C Travel well Last summer I was away from laundry facilities, and had to wear these socks for longer than usual between washings.  They are very comfortable and never developed a "dirty" smell.  I'm ordering more.
B006T92A7C Wonderful sox! My wife said they are very comfortable, they fit her very well and they are extremely stylish! She has gotten multiple compliments regarding them. They are a really good value and are proving to be quite durable with little or no fading.
B006ZGV4C6 a big fan these boots make and entrance. wish I bought the brown pair. love them. would recommend to friends. but they will not look as good as me...lol
B006ZGV4GC s/h charges i would like to know why i was charged s/h for these boots????????????//i thought at this price that the s/h/ would be free
B006ZGV4GC Love them! These boots are beautiful and very comfortable.  I wore them to a party and received many compliments on them.  The only drawback I can think of is the leather strap that goes across the front is very stiff and it falls right where your foot bends, so it needs to get worn in.  But once that is done they will be perfect!
B006ZGV9IU SO comfortable I bought these to wear as my office pumps. Put them on right after they were delivered and they are very comfortable, sturdy and look great. The leather will need to stretch a little so that it doesn't rub but are otherwise amazing.
B006ZGV9IU Stylish and practical shoe. Bought them to be my office shoes. They work great with both dresses and pants! Love the fact that heels don't make so much noise while walking on them due to the rubber soles. Fit well and true to size. Loving Timberland shows more and more! this is my 3rd pair of the brand already.
B006ZGV9IU Beautiful and Practical I purchased these heels after a lot of searching for the perfect black heel. What caught my eye originally is the beautiful two-toned leather that makes up the body of the shoe.  However, what sold this product to me was the rubber sole with "tread".  These shoes are true to size, so no needing to up or down size.  No need to worry about slipping on wet or icy surfaces.  The rubber sole of this shoe clings perfectly to many different types of walking surfaces and gives you secure footing throughout your journey.  This is definitely a product above other "heel" manufacturers.
B006ZGV9IU Fantastic comfort - great look. Love Timberland heels and these do not disappoint.  Wore for 10 hours right out of the box.  I bought the Plum which is a faint plummy/tan - flattering too.  Highly recommend!
B006ZGV9LM zipper broke! I Love these boots but this it's the 2nd time I wear them and the zipper broke! Now what? I drove to the U.S. to pick them up just last week. Purchased the half size bigger since every review said to do so, they are perfect but I can no longer wear them as of today. Do I contact Amazon or Timberland? I only read one review that said the zipper broke so I thought it was a very small chance it would happen to me, not so.
B006ZGV9LM bait and switch I ordered the leather wedge and received the suede tall boot instead. I loathe suede and I am highly upset that I received something I did NOT order! Going back immediately!!!!!!!!!!
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful, quality boots that are sexy and comfortable. They are absolutely beautiful on my wife and she loved them. And...she looks amazing in them.  Got to go, se is wearing them and she is calling.
B006ZGV9LM I loved the boots and kept them but... The opening of the boot is really tight for me and this is the first time that happened to me !! Usually is the other way around too loose.The quality is great and the shape in gorgeous.I liked the boots and kept them but still didn't have the courage to put them on for a full day work.Put them on at night in front of the TV for one or two hrs but it wasn't a big help.The opening cuts the blood flow in my legs!!I was thinking to cut the first 2 elastics on top from the back ...
B006ZGVBUQ Painful I did not get this package until I had already bought something else locally.  It was not amazon's fault, it was a mistake by UPS.  I never did get any satisfaction from UPS but my experience with amazon was totally satisfactory.  I did my discussion with customer service by chat and I was totally happy with the experience.  They refunded my money and then when the product turned up (my neighbor brought over a week after UPS said it was delivered, but he said that it just showed up on his porch that day).  Who knows????Anyway, the shoes are very expensive, but they looked really cheap.  They are not leather, which I thought was ridiculous to charge that much for non leather shoes.  They are very hard and they really hurt my feet.  I sent them back.
B006ZGVBUQ Sooo disappointed ! I  wish that I didn't have to write such a bad review.  I shopped around quite a bit before choosing this shoe.  I had high expectations  because of the brand name.  I wanted a comfy shoe I could wear around outside.  I've had them 10 days and they already look like they are years old.  And they are not comfortable.  There is barely any cushion in the soles.  They would make a desent pair of bedroom slippers.  You really let me down Timberland.  What a shame.  Good money down the tubes !
B006ZGVBUQ comfortable These are so comfortable, sporty and can be dressy if needed to be.  Great to wear with jeans and dress pants.  The leather is so soft. I thi nk that they will last forever.
B006ZGZ9P4 Just OK Thought these would be super comfortable but really lack the appropriate amount of padding given the height of the wedge.  Orders a half size too big given reviews but really didn't need to.
B006ZGZ9RM Pretty aggravated. These black boots were not what is pictured. The heel is the picture on the far right, rust colored boot- a wedge, not the heel of the black boot. And they took about two weeks to arrive. I'm pisssed, and I'm sending them back.
B006ZGZ9RM soooo comfortable Bought these last year in the Medium brown and loved them so had to have the black. Also had so many compliments and I can stand all day as a hair stylist. Calf width is normal so if u have larger ones forget it. Leather is very rich and they don't sag at the ankles.
B006ZGZ9RM High quality leather as you'd expect from Timberland. Reasonably ... High quality leather as you'd expect from Timberland. Reasonably priced. They go on and off without a struggle. If I could wish for anything more, it would be a variety of widths. I am confident they'll stretch a bit with wear though.
B006ZIGRXA Good looking boots! Size was too tight on top of foot..very uncomfortable; not any cushioning in footbed..would need some type of intersole to add softness.  I wore around house for several hours...I am returning.
B006ZIGRXA Not just another good lookin' boot I do not drive which means I travel by foot-- quite a bit.  So, to my way of thinking, sound rationale dictates that I spend some portion of what would be a car maintenance fund on decent footwear. Right ladies??  Never have I, however, ever, ever, ever spent $200 on a pair of boots.So when I found this boot priced at 50% off, I grabbed it.  The Timberland name, after all, is synonymous with utility, rugged good looks and durability.I was happy I'd donned them this morning as I stepped out the front door into a slushy, flurry sort of day. There was no water seepage and my feet stayed toasty warm-- with only one pair of socks at 30 degrees while trudging 10 blocks through the wintry mix.And, yes, they do run a little large, but then this allows for a thicker sock when and if it's necessary.I would buy them again in a heartbeat.
B006ZIHFYK Disappointed I like the looks of the boots, only thing is, there are 2 hard bumps in each heel that have bruised my heels. If you buy these, I would recommend getting some good inserts to cushion your heels.
B006ZIJ0PW Zipper is on the OUTSIDE instead of the INSIDE!  Looks weird! Very nice suede finish but ---- THE ZIPPER is on the OUTSIDE instead of the INSIDE of your leg - which makes it look weird as if u have each on the wrong foot!  Whose dumb idea was this that needs to be kicked out of the Timberland company for doing this? This zipper being on the WRONG side of the leg ruined and destroyed what would have been a great looking boot. Had to ship back immediately for a refund.
B006ZITF7U LOVE these boots! These boots are very comfy but still look sexy and stylish. The green color is very neutral yet unique enough to set them apart from your run of the mill browns or tans. The soles are soft and "rubberized" so they make for quiet walking on tile or hardwood floors. My feet are borderline wide so I ordered the wides and they fit great. Very easy to get on and off...no zipper or buckles.
B006ZITOOY Shoe love! I only wanted a cheap pair to last a season, but Amazon runs out of sizes 6 & 7 fast! So, &#60;sigh&#62; I had to spend more, for a 'forever' pair of shoes.I chose wisely.
B006ZJ2ZUI Soooo comfortable I've never bothered to write reviews on things i bought until this one. I had to write how amazing these boots are. I'm not a big fan of rainboots, just because i've never really had good luck with them. They either rip really fast or "sweat" my feet like crazy. Anyways, the size of these boots fits exactly and more importantly it is soo comfortable and cute. I just wore it for 40 mins today and received couple of complements and looks that make you feel you are wearing something other people want to wear. About the metal noise, it is not bad as long as you don't get bothered by it. If you do, simple trick you can to is...put a strip of duct-tape on the edge where it is making the noise. I would recommend these.
B006ZJ2ZUI Perfect for Hiking, Rainy Days, and Cool Days I am a northeast girl living in south Florida, so I have multiple pairs of rain boots, including a pair of knee high Hunters - which I love. But I only wear the Hunters in complete downpours. My only complaint about the Hunters is that there is a lot of space in the show, so my feet slosh around a bit when i wear them and I hate that.But the rest of the time, I just need something quick to pull on for a puddle day, cool morning, or walking the trails in the state park. I searched all over the Internet for a pair of &#34;cute&#34; all weather boots. I searched Columbia and Sorel, and had settled on a pair of Sorel's, but one more search proved worthwhile for this super cute shoe!A lot of people complained of the shoe being snug, but if you know anything about timberland boots, they have always run a bit narrow. Depending on your foot, you might have to size down. I wear a 8.5 to 9 in heels and a 8 in flats, so I ordered the seven first to evaluate the size and yep the 7 was too small. The price was good, that I gave the 7 to my babysitter and ordered the 8 for myself (both in the classic Timberland tan and wheat colors) and they are a perfect fit - no sloshing! I have already enjoyed a couple puddle days, one cool day, and am looking forward to a hike through the state park in a couple weeks.As others have commented, the buckle is just for show. You can lace the laces, but they don't tighten.In short, give them a try!
B006ZQJ7Y8 Very good! Great sunglasses for the price. Relieving on eyes, stylish on looks... Polarized, lightweight and sturdy. I'd recommend for daily commute, biking and walking..
B006ZSAZ3S Very comfortable These shoes are comfortable and durable but they are a little narrow for my feet.  Their biggest flaw is they are like a sand shovel, even when I don't even remember walking through sand, when I take them off they are full of sand.
B006ZSAZ3S Great lightweight /  everyday light trail shoes The Radler Trail Low fit true to size (length).  After seeing some references to odd fits in other reviews, I went to a retailer to try these on to be sure.  Oddly, the Timberland Outlet Store did not carry these, but a nearby sporting goods store did, and after trying on, I was not only reassured about the fit, but was very pleased with the comfort.  I have a medium width foot and they fit perfectly; if you have wide feet, beware.  They are lightweight yet provide good foot support and I have found the sole (42% recycled materials) to have both fantastic grip and the perfect amount of flex.  They are considered "water resistant" but I have not tested that claim.  Given the low height, I would not use these in very wet weather (intentionally.)These look better in person than in the pictures so if you're undecided on color, let me recommend these dark brown as the best looking of the lineup (they had all colors in the store).I would recommend these to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shoes to log the miles on easy hikes or around town.  The quality is high and I expect a couple of years of service from these.
B006ZSAZ3S Timberland Men's Radler TRail Low a bit tight even though the size is correct. I think they need to modify shape at the back of heel. Fast delivery. Thanks
B006ZSBS8O great good pair of shoes&#65292;size is exactly what i want&#65292;and the colour is just same as the pictures showing here&#65292;love it
B006ZTJI3K Excellent Product Cheaper on Amazon I Received this over Christmas as a Gift from my mom. I was so Excited since i been having my eye on these at the Timberland store.  They where much cheaper on Amazon then Timberland too. I have worn them these once since i got them and went on a nice hike in the snow here in PA.. i will tell you what these out Preformed my other Timberland i purchased in January of 2012 And they where Gor-Tex too .. but a lot cheaper too, so you get what you pay for.  So if you are looking for a good hiking boot, i would get these. there are some really good boots out there but you will pay a higher price I was looking at Aslo and others but would be paying in the upper 250.00 just to start. I will update this again when i have more time to Break these in Hope this helps others who want a Great Hiking Boot..
B006ZTJI3K Great fit Very comfortable and better looking that their picture. I would recomend them. Timberland lives on, with it's reputation and fit.
B006ZTKFW8 WACK These shoes are awful. They are extremely flimsy soft leather, and you will probably roll your ankle if you go "scrambling" in them. Go buy some real boots.
B006ZTTV1O Really Poor Really poor quality!When i get this boots then wear it first time, guess what?The tongue's suture was split&#65281;Holy crap!
B006ZTTV1O Atractive boots This boot's have both a classy and a rocker look, i got them last week and on sunday i went clubing, i don't know if it had anything to do with boots but i was hitting it, had a good time, oh and i bough a thing to get taller that you put inside they look sick as hell :)
B006ZTTV1O Very surprised at how comfortable these are. These shoes hold up really well to a demanding on the foot all day job. The only complaint I have is that I need to touch them up about once a week to keep them looking sharp. The leather is very soft and durable. I didn't even need to break them in.
B006ZTTV1O Why do I ahve to write anything? No really, why do I have to fill this in? Hello, I asked a question here.  Stars should suffice period.
B006ZTTV1O Timberland Earthkeeper The quality of the boots is excellent, they fit well and are easy to put on/off. The shoe laces are basically fake, no need to open them to take the shoes off. I personally do not like the dark brown leather caps and heels, the leather surrounding those areas looks like it got spray painted, my shoes have these black little spray marks or dots surrounding the caps and heels of both shoes which is not my taste. Maybe I should have looked more closely at the pictures before placing the order.
B006ZTTX44 Normally Good shoes for the fall / early winter. If you are on the street is not long, it may be appropriate for winter. (Russia)
B006ZVM90M WARM FEET HAPPY WOMAN! I live in MN and I'm a hunter, fisherman, tracker of any and all wild game. I'm in LOVE with these boots so much that I ordered 2 of them and the boots with the wood heals that are so comfortable it amazes me that I can wear heels again! Thank you TIMBERLAND for listening to the women that wear these not just because they look great but the comfortability and warmth is priceless! Ann K.
B006ZVM90M Looks like sturdy boots... Mrs Davis ~ I ordered these boots for the wintertime. They just arrived today. As per other reviews, due to the narrowness of the boot I ordered a size up. These do run a little narrow but with the extra room I believe they will break in nicely. The boots are a little tight around the top of my toes but after breaking them in it shouldn't be a problem. Until then, I will not be able to wear thick socks with them though. Looks like very good quality which is to be expected with Timberland. They do feel super comfy and very fury.Now as far as the seller, this item was shipped and received quickly. BUT, the boots were shipped with no protection at all. Just the shoe box wrapped in brown paper. The box was somewhat smashed. There was no additional padding of any sort inside to protect the product. Not really okay with this. I am one who is all for minimal impact on the planet and recycle everything little thing that I can but when you are dropping $100 on an item one would expect that better care would be taken in the shipment of this product. Will probably not buy from this seller again.
B006ZVRVMI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Eurorock Dub Boot,Black,9.5 M US Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Eurorock Dub Boot,Black,9.5 M US excellent product recommended seller, shoes are of very good quality and are 100 percent recommended
B0070SHSGE A perfect fit! As a Chef I stand most of the day.  Even with anti-fatigue mats it can get uncomfortable.  These sturdy shoes have proven themselves.  Very comfortable, short break in time. Excellent anti slip soles. Footbed is leather covered and offers solid support.  Far better than the ubiquitous clogs, Birks, or Crocs.
B0070SHSGE *****Item described as new, item is NOT new, BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!! Item is described as being new, unopened.  I received the first pair and they were covered in dents and scuff marks- they looked awful, clearly used for weeks, and then returned.  Then Amazon turned around and tried to sell them as new again. I sent them back and had them send a replacement, and same thing happened.  very poor quality, extremely awful experience, will not order shoes from amazon again.  Ordered the same exact shoe from zappos, and actually received what I ordered- a brand new pair of unused shoes  ********GO TO ZAPPOS INSTEAD******
B0070SHSGE detachment shoes plant It's not fair to send shabby shoesThe right shoe took off in the first five days of useI do not recommend this storeThanks
B0070SHSGE Love it This shoes are very confortable, material is easy to clean, very soft by inside, dont think more about it. make u shopping now
B0070SHSGE high quality, a little uncomfortable the middle of the in-sole pushes too much into the foot.the back hurts my foot.besides for that, i can tell that they will last a long time-strong quality!
B0070SHSGE Timberland are the best Have bought Timberland's stormbuck oxfords before and when you find something you like that you know will fit you don't bother with the other brands.  Found a great price on these and bought two pair.  As long as Timberland doesn't change this oxford shoe I will definitely be back for more.
B0070SHSGE The medium size is narrower than previous Timberlands I have purchased. The length is the same as previous Timberland Oxfords I've purchased over the past 12 years but it is narrower so the Timberland sizing has changed.
B0070SHSGE Pretty good oxford These shoes are the most comfortable oxfords I have ever owned - requires no break in, waterproof and goes well with all casual office wear. I own both colors in this model.
B0070SI95I Love these The boots were a little loose in the upper part of the foot which I don't normally get with Timbs . Other than that these are great. Very comfortable and I get a ton of compliments on the different styling from traditional workboots
B0070SI95I Timberland's new territory. I saw them in the mall and wanted to have a pair. I regret not trying them on first before buying on line. The shoe's insulation is bad. They are not for winter and defenetly not rain. When I first wear them I need a week to recuperate from the blisters I got on my feet.
B0070SU44C Nice boot!! These are really good looking boots.. Basically slip right on and zip-up&#8230; They fit well and are very comfortable.. Good walkers&#8230; The only problem I have with these boots is the tongue is so thin and narrow it moves around and wads itself up.. It repositions itself to the extreme right or left thus creating a pressure point.. It&#8217;s to a point you have to unzip your boot and reposition the tongue back out flat again several times a day&#8230; I&#8217;m considering taking them to a shoe shop to see if anything can be done.. I like the boot&#8230; Just can&#8217;t recommend it..
B0070SU4GK They're actually very brown They look almost black in the pictures.  Pretty good fit, not great on slick conditions though, which is a shame, Timberland is meant to be outdoorsy.  i polished mine up very black with some kiwi boot polish and the black seems to have held, and they look pretty good with a suit.
B00710M2N0 Fantastic! Fits great...wonderfull boots, strong, not heavy, best quality.Yes...i would recommmend them to everyone :) my daughter love them a lot
B00711UNWG poorly made boots with inferior materials I purchased these boots at the end of November or early December.  The leather is already cracking,  they aren't warm at all and about 1/3 of the tread is already gone.  I will not recommend your products to any of my friends in the hfuture
B00711UNWG SOOOOOOO Adorable.... Gave these to my 4 year old grandson as a birthday present.  They are adorable....comfortable, stylish...he will be the best dressed 4 year old in preschool this winter...
B00712KA3C Super beautiful boots The material is very soft and high quality. The sole is very durable. They are very comfortable too. The design is super fashion
B00712XLLA Well built Well build with quality material and very slim but with enough slots for what I need.  Nice window slot for ID
B00712XLLA It is what I want Do old and simple sense like it very much.The price is very value.Like this brand.Put the just right.
B0071347M6 Timberland Earthkeepers Sip-on I really like Timberland brand for kids because they hold up to the wear and tear from my boy. This shoe is no different. It is comfortable,  has clean style and has nice grip to prevent slipping when running.
B0071347M6 Great Little Shoe For little feet, this is great.  Slip on makes it easy to put on.  Grandson thinks it is very comfortable. We, in effect, bought this on advice of an older brother who had a pair first.
B00713499W kids shoes ssms rather tuff but will know for sure as soon as they're worn. Certainly will recommend them to my friends
B00713499W Going back to old, reliable StrideRites after this. They look okay, I suppose.  The main problem I have with these is that the padding under the heel is so thick and the back of the shoe so short that they keep falling off my son, even when tightly tied with double knots.  If I wanted easy on and off, I'd get velcro or slip-ons!
B007135298 Timberland Earthkeepers Hook and Loop Oxford Shoe is built and fit very well.  Medium width was roomy enough for grandson who is very hard on shoes.  The hook and loop works great since he's very active and hates to stop to tie shoestrings.  Plan to order another pair for next school term if available.
B0071BD33M So stinkin cute These are so adorable....got them for my 20 month old son. The soles are flexible which is great for early walkers. Used some sno-seal to make them water proof....which did darken the leather a bit but I like the color better that way. Easy on off with the Velcro and easy for kids to help put their soles on by themselves.
B0071BD33M Quick and easy My two year old loves to be able to fasten this boots himself, so I've bought an extra pair for next year.I doubted about the color, since they may get dirty, but they look OK and they are the toughest boots ever.
B0071BD33M Very good My kid loves it. It's very comfortable and he really enjoys it. Probably will get it again later when he grows older
B0071BD33M My toddler is now able to climb mountains Were it not for these fantastic shoes, my toddler would be simply staggering around the house annoying both of his parents.Thanks to these wonderful items of footwear, he's now able to leap tall buildings in a single bound and climb mountains without parental assistance.Thank you Timberland!
B0072AE45S i only buy timber a bit on the large size just add your walkfit or your oder eaters other than that great boots . no break in period
B0072CPTK0 Viktoriya Elegant and comfortable. I actually like the collar because it keeps your neck warm. It's a tad big in the waist, but it's still flattering
B0072NQIZ4 Professional Looking I bought these shoes to wear in a commercial kitchen. The description fit the bill of what I required; non-slip, black, comfortable, and professional looking. I bought the wide shoe as I have slightly wider feet and they are accommodating for both the width and room for the toes. I must admit I thought the shoes would be more comfortable than they actually are, not saying they were bad but not as much cushion as I expected. This might be a good thing as maybe too much cushion might be a bad thing if worn over 8 hours??? Anyways, they do feel supportive and I am happy I bought them.
B0072NQIZ4 very heavy They are pretty but heavy and not cushiony like I expected. The first night I wore them 8 hours they gave me shin splints. I would not buy them again. I am not sure exactly who these are made for . They probably weigh 2x a regular shoe. Thinking of returning them.
B0072NQIZ4 So comfy! I bought these to wear on days I teach.  They are so comfortable that I actually wear them every day.  They have a very roomy toe box.  I will absolutely buy another pair.  My only complaint is the red elastic welts on the sides.  You can't see them in the picture.  I wear a uniform so I had to do some creative coloring to make sure the red wasn't visible.
B0072NQIZ4 perfect They are well made, comfortable, and plenty of room for toes. I like that they don't slip on any surfaces. They do squeak on vct  tile.  but that doesn't  bother me, because my job doesn't have that kind of floor.
B0072NQIZ4 I recommend it Fit just right, vary comftable
B0072NQIZ4 Love them! My feet were killing me-so read the reviews, took a chance and ordered these and they did not disappoint-comfortable, supportive and slip resistance.
B0072NQIZ4 Easily scratch patent leather This patent can easily get scratch. I only wore it once and a little scratch made it look so bust up. Maybe will still this kind of shoes in a different material.
B0073QXRM2 classy, durable and stylish My three year old lives in these pants. He absolutely loves them. I love them for its quality, functionality and price.
B0073QXRM2 TIMBERLAND CARBINER CARGO SHORT ITEM RECEIVED IN GOOD CONDITION. AS ALWAYS ITEM WAS DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE.  MATERIAL IS OF GOOD QUALITY. THE WAIST IS ADJUSTABLE. SO, NO WORRIES IF YOUR KID PUTS ON WEIGHT. IT IS REALLY WORTH BUYING!
B0074DUN6M Timberland Boots Loved these boots for a great trip to the mountains!  They worked and did not make my feet angry or sore.  I am a very petite woman so I of course buy the kids shoes. Its so much cheeper.  And it was worth the price!
B0074HSGO4 Timberland v hi tec Nice shoe but I had to buy a insole killed my feet for a day or two now they are fine I bought hi tec which I love and fitted like a glove first time
B0074HSGO4 Beautiful.... Just got this like a week ago.. very beautiful and looks exactly like the picture. will buy more timberland soon
B0074HSGO4 Note good afternoon,'ll buy these shoes, but please do not overdo it with the size of the package, since the liberty express company charge by weight and volume, thanks!
B007597TP8 bad quality There are serveral  scratches on the feather surface.it Looks like used.i don't suggest people to buy.Especial for Chinese,a bit small for &#65509;100.
B007597TP8 Do leather wallets get bruised? I like this wallet. It's thin, light and very comfortable to hold in the hand. However, the markings develop as soon as I began using it. This is the first time I have used leather wallets of any kind. So am not certain if this is expected. The markings/ bruises are lighter in colour and appear with scratching.
B007597TP8 Affordable Skin softer, the capacity is relatively small. Leather scratches easily formed, and easy to remove! Card bags sufficient to meet the daily needs
B007597TP8 It looks crappy and not lasting from the picture here It looks crappy and not lasting from the picture here.When when i got it, Im sure it will for years to come. (:Good quality.Mayb 4 times cheaper than whats selling here in SINGAPORE.
B007597TP8 Very Nice Passcase - Sewn In ID Window Bought in late 2012, still going strong. Well constructed and one of the few nice passcases I've found with the flip up id window being sewn in, which is surprisingly hard to find but a required feature by my husband. Love it and will continue to purchase as replacements are needed and quality and features remain consistent.
B007597TP8 Bad experience!!! Bad experience!!! I bought 6 wallets.(J.Fold*3 Tommy Hilfiger*2 Timberland *1) One of them( Tommy Hilfiger )have a lot of scratch and the metal logo was broken. another one(Timberland ) have a lot of scratch also. I bought them as gift for my family. But I think I will discard it.
B007597TP8 Fair Wallets again to buy their own, overall satisfaction, but there are white spots, through their own maintenance, but also good, recommended to buy!
B0075D1LHQ Very unsatisfied I am very disappointed.I now have to make my second complaint.I just rushed to the door after receiving my REorder o the original item after receiving the wrong item again and it is the exact item that was wrongly sent the first time.I am very unsatisfied.The wallet I received was NOT a trifold..It didn't have the picture window or anything. Not pleased. I won't be buying from this seller again.
B00771U32A Good value Overall, I am very happy with this collectible boot. This is a high end Timberland product, and it shows. The leather is very soft inside and flexible enough outside you can walk effortlessly. The cord holders are very heavy duty. The padded upper is very comfy. You can wear it all day to work no problem. Only downside I have seen so far is the sole sides is porous and can stain easily. I would recommend to anyone looking for a high end collectible boot to take to the movies looking cool and not for mud digging.
B0077635G6 Comfy My first order was actually stolen, since it was nearing Christmas and people are sort of hard up on cash, I guess it was expected. But amazon refunded me and was so glad I saw my packages there sitting in front of my door.
B007782V1O Lots of synthetic in this boot This boot is reasonably sturdy and comfortable, but made of cheap materials.Fake leather, synthetic fleece, fake stitching on sole is molded plastic, etc.Still reasonably nice looking if you don't mind the fake stuff.For years I had a pair of Timberland boots made of thick, soft leather and much higher quality than these.
B007782V1O colour is not the same the shoes are okay but the colour was not the same as it shown on web page. More browny instead of the chocolate brown i expected.Asian do not fit the W version, our feet are not that wide i guess.
B007782V1O Great quality as always, don't like tongue design These are beautiful, durable, and generally well-designed boots. However, I like them less than previous years' styles because the tongue on this one is not partially attached at the sides anymore. The semi-attached feature was perfect for keeping out wind, water, snow, etc.One important thing about the Amazon photo (accurate as of this posting): the picture for the Olive option actually shows the Taupe color, and vice-versa. You'll get Olive when you order Olive, though.
B007782V1O Christmas delight My daughter asked for some Timberland boots for christmas. I figured she like these cause they were tall.  I thought they were gonna be a little narrow but they were perfect, could have gotten a 9.0 instead of 10, but she's okay with it.
B007782V1O Comfy, fashionable, and good quality! I love the cushiony feeling of the shoe and it has a quality and fashion that many have come to expect from timberland products.
B007782V1O Surprise! Christmas surprise for 19 year old daughter.  She loved them! The fit was her normal size and has received compliments on them.  Plans to wear them at college in the northeast winters.
B007782V1O buy them Im twelve years old and I love these shoes the only problem is I don't want to take them offIf your thinking of buying them your thinking to much
B007782V1O Not chic or ladylike, clunky and weird color Bought these to hopefully wear with skinny pants and skirts.  They arrived and look absolutely like mens work boots.  Great if that's what you're looking for.  Lining is odd but looks like it would be warm.  Leather suede looks like it would absorb the salt here in Maine in a big way and cause staining.  Not a lot of cushioning on the insides. These will go back.
B007784JI2 Fine if you do not lace up them up tightly. They are not as nice as I had hoped. The top rubs into my ankles if I lace them up tightly. looks good for walks in the city though.
B007784JI2 one tough cookie Looking for a heavy duty sturdy boot for knocking around in? Well there are the boots for you. These boots are professionally crafted to be worn in the most harsh conditions. A must have in your winter arsenal.
B007784JI2 It's a fake look at the photo #2There is the inscription: Timberlind instead of TimberlandSo this is a chinese fakeDon't buy it
B007784WSO Fantastic quality made waterproof boots from Timberland, As these fit extremely well (10.5-M) and offer great warmth. Also they're very rugged with nice treads on the shoes, and let's not forget the price I bought these for $83.00 (simply wonderful) for in the dead of winter, here in Ohio!!!.
B007784WSO Im imitation or real? A little upset that it didn't come in its original box . Don't know if it's real or fake .
B0077853PU Great boots for business casual attire My foot is a little wide, so they are a little tight, but I'm very happy with them. I have to wear custom orthotics and being able to remove the liner and replace it with my orthotics is a big plus. I get lots of compliments on them. Perfect for my job where I have to dress business casual and it tends to flood.
B0077853PU Uncomfortable and stiff These boots don't look too bad, but even adding heavy duty insoles didn't make them bearable to wear.  They cut heavily into my achilles heel as well as across the top of my feet near my toes.  The problem seems to be rough seams in the rubber, but whatever it is, it is seriously uncomfortable.  ZERO cushion.  Plan to buy yourself the nicest possible insole/cushion inserts if you decide to buy these.
B0077853PU Perfectly useful but very manly looking I really wanted to like these boots. They are comfortable, easy to put on and easy to take off. They do their job at keeping out rain and mud as they are sealed throughout and would make good work boots, because that's what they look like.This said, the laces are more for decoration - they do not lace up tight as expected. The fit is bulky, wide, and way more masculine than I expected. So yes, rough, tough and built like a tank, but I'm returning them nonetheless.
B0077853PU Some what large but still love the style. They fit a little large but looks really good. Very,very durable. I do recommend for rainy weather and some dries day for the style.
B0077853PU Not what I expected!! These boots are actual rain boots. I thought that they would be a bit more sturdy but they are plastic rainboots. They are really tight! I literally had to cut down each side of the tongue in order to get them on. I almost ordered two pairs of these in different colors because of the price. I am so glad I didn't!
B0077853PU Santana Afghanistan The boots fit , and true to size ....only thing is the picture is very deceiving .....they are a rain boot , they are all rubber material and not insulated , so they are ok for rainy days with no heavy winters involved .....
B0077H6RJM Great I have always thought of Timberland's as men's shoes. These were such a nice surprise. They have just enough of the cross man-woman appeal.
B0077H7MD2 Exceptional Boot You really can't go wrong with Timberland; the brand is well known world-wide and for good reason. This particular boot is comfortable straight from the box. Leather can take awhile to break-in and during that process it can be quite uncomfortable but that is NOT the case with these boots. They fit so incredibly well, I actually checked the bottom of the boots to see if they were used. Aside from comfort, I cannot even tell you how many compliments I have received on them. They look very unique and will certainly draw attention. The color and texture variations of the leather is brilliant. Winter is my new favorite season.
B0077SY810 Sharp Looking and Well Made These boots come in a reddish brown with a nice suede top. More brown with a tinge of reddish leather. Burnished dark brown toes.  The size was right on and the fit was perfect. I find Timberland shoes to be very good products. The zipper on the side is very useful.  I can generally take off and put on without an untie. Highly recommended.
B0077SY810 Go wide Very comfortable, reliable timberland quality. Usually wear 10m but lad chose 10W. These will last forever and endure any weather thrown at them.
B007EFDTSY not as good as the chocoura They fit almost the same as chocoura boots, but not as form fitting. It was initially impossible to get in the side zip, but it is loosening up. Other than that they seem fine
B007G4VCFK Keeps your cards from flying out! Keeps your cards from flying out!  And looks very decent. Not a ton of space inside, but I generally like to keep things minimized.
B007G4VCFK Poor quality texture of leather is poor.needlework is poor.Total quality is not reasonable.When nothing inside of wallet, the shape of it can't maintain like picture. It goes flat and  rather loose.
B007G4VCFU Veeery niiiice Quality product and plenty of space while still being compact. I like the black on the inside. Looks clean/crisp.Faust
B007G4VCSW Small and stylish Exactly what I was after. Thin but holds a lot and can put a photo of the family in the pocket window
B007G4VKIY Beautiful, Soft and Delicate It's very well crafted and the interiors are finely stitched. It's feather light and made up of ultra soft leather.
B007G4VLWO Love it! I got this for my boyfriend for his bday. He wanted to get rid of his tri-fold because it was too bulky. It came fast and it is very efficient. It holds a lot and he loves it!
B007G4VPNY Good value for the price Cards fit a little tight but otherwise as expected. Quality workmanship, fits hip pocket easily, two compartments for cash, etc.
B007G4VPNY Received in good condition Thanks to the seller as i receive the item as what i saw in the internet. Only drawback is, its made in China which non of us can do anything about it. So far the quality looks great.
B007G4VR82 Exactly what I was looking for This may sound stupid but I have been looking for a brown money clip with a pocket for a long time.  I don't know why it is so hard to find one in stores.  The only ones I can find are the ones that have a hinge in the clip and those have always fallen apart on me in the past.This one has four different pockets, one on the clip side, two on the other side, and one in the middle.  All the pockets are nice but there you can only fit so many cards before all the space is used up no mater how you split them up across the pockets.  I fit about 9 or 10 cards in here no problem though.This has been the perfect replacement for my last money clip.  My wife is glad we can stop wasting time looking for one at every mall we go to.  She suggested I buy two.  I just bought the one but I am keeping the link around.
B007G4VR82 Slim and useful Slim size makes it easy to slip in and out of front pockets.  The four card pockets give it more than enough storage space and the money clip is plenty strong for even a large wad of cash.  I have it 4 out of 5 stars because the leather seems to scratch and discolor a bit easier than I had anticipated.  Other than that it's a good buy for the money (nice pun huh)!
B007G4VR82 Disappointed! and then some! I bought this for a trip to Italy.  The first day I got there, the woven material that separated the two card compartments fell apart.  This made it difficult to insert a card correctly or to grasp a card to pull it out.  So, there I was holding the wallet out at the cash register several times, exposing my cash to potential admirers, in an area known for pickpockets, fumbling to extract a credit card from this defective new purchase.I did like the basic design of the money clip, but the card storage was severely lacking because of the fabric lining failing on the first use.
B007G4VSB8 Looks good Strong leather smell. V tough leather. Don't expect to cram lots of cards in this one. Your ID, driving licence, a handful of credit cards plus bills will completely fill it up. Folds v slim so no unsightly bulges in your pants. My hubby likes it v much!
B007G4VSDG just so so small wallet,not very look like the photo,and not like a new one .n  n nn nnnn nnn nnnn nnnnn nn
B007G6IANK Irregular or not made right The inside adjustable band had 12 holes on one side and 2 on the other side. No way to make these look right if you try to use the adjustable band. I think these were irregular or made wrong and sold online to unload them. Not worth the money.
B007IN72IA not bad I liked this shoe but it is a bit short relative to other brands I buy. I haven't had this problem with others. I would say it's closer to a 14 1/2 than a 15.
B007M629M2 good I like the easy on easy off nature of these shoes. They size appropriately. The sole has just the right amount of traction.
B007R61ZHC stylish I love it just my style,everday watch..you can rock it casual or classy.Getting mad complimants on this nice timepiece !
B007RONMR0 Decent bag for the price So far the bag is holding up well, although it has not been used much. The quality is pretty much what I had expected, but maybe Timberland could step it up a notch. It's not poorly made by any means, it's just I know that some Timberland luggage, clothes, accessories, etc. I have purchased in the past exceed the quality of this bag. But don't get me wrong, I do recommend it and would buy another one for this price.
B007RONMR0 It is not a backpack for 17 inch It is descibed 17 inch backpack, but I could't put my Dell XPS 17 into it after I received it.It only 1 main container, I couldn't even take business trip with my shirts with a laptop by this backpack. I am really dispoint about its description as it is really misleanding consumer.
B007RONNCY Looks great, travels better!!!! We bought these to go with the pieces we purchased locally.  We now own the entire set of both the duffel and luggage style.  We LOVE them.  One heck aof a price for quality travel gear that looks great too!
B007RONPUE Needs to be more rugged. Its a good looking bag. It rolls pretty smooth and feels solid. Unfortunately after one trip through the airport it shows quite a bit of wear and tear and the bottom outer sheath tore away at the seem.
B007RONPUE Best bang for the buck For the price, this luggage is great! Sturdy, well made, roomy, rolls well, does not tip over, water resistant, 10 year warranty.....very pleased.Just as a note, this is as it is described; an upright. It is not a duffle, even though it might resemble one from the photo. Not that this is a drawback, but if you are looking for a rolling duffle that will collapse for storage, this is not the one.
B007RONPUE Solid Construction Larger than expected but I did double check to make sure it is within USA domestic flight regulations. It will hold about 30 percent more than other traditional luggage. You will need to stack items with the bottom to the rolled end for your heavier items. There is an outside pocket where a jacket can be placed, two inside zip pockets in the top for identification of owner, or socks, fresh shirt, etc. It comes with a grey interior / loose shoe or clothing bag large enough for a pair of hiking boots to be placed inside. There are two wheels at the bottom and a sturdy bar to hold the bag weight. The carry handles are very well padded. This bag will hold what I had in two other suitcases.  Take care with packing to not go over 50 pound limit / 40 pound international limit (China Airlines etc.).Better than expected. I purchased it on sale 75% off and based my purchase on average customer review on Amazon.  It is well constructed and larger than expected. If you are hesitant, buy a size smaller. I am leaving in a few days or I would exchange it down one size.
B007RONPUE Great luggage I couldn't love this luggage more. I bought one piece out of necessity while traveling and it served me so well I completed the set here. It's lightweight and roomy. The sides are rigid enough to make packing a breeze, but flexible enough that they will withstand the bumps and bruised checked luggage must endure. When the handle is up, the pieces stand upright on their own -- a bonus that speaks for itself. It's attractive, but distinct-looking enough to be easy to spot on the luggage carousel. And last, but not least, they nest nicely so storing all three is as easy as storing one.
B007RONPUE a great light weight luggage that accomodated both my wife and me for a weeks stay I especially like the weight, must weigh only five pounds or soIt has the wheels making it very convenient and two handlesOnly used it once but a great luggage
B007RONPUE light and yet durable I love this suit case for its light weight and durability. I can pack as much as I want and it's not only going to fit, it's organized as well..
B007RONPUE Great for travel I go to Europe each year to visit my daughter.  My last bag of this size weighs 15 pounds with nothing in it yet it's a cloth bag as well.  I think these are so great and so much lighter.  The airlines used to say we could carry 70 pounds and now just 50 so we can see the advantage.  Very pleased, well constructed.
B007RONPUE Best so far I have not used it yet but it is exactly what I wanted and need. I checked and liked what I saw. I am ready to go to Europe at the end of the month with enough space and a good looking suitcase. It does not look like it will fall apart on the first trip!
B007RONPUE very light weight A fantastic well constructed suitcase that is legal sized for checked airline baggage.  Has excellent side pockets and next to perfect.  Like much better than our Samsonite.
B007RONPUE This is a ginormous hauler. If you need to carry the max checked size for Delta and other airlines this is it. The measurements are actually 30" (31" including wheels and feet) by 17" wide, by about 14" deep. The 11.5" in the description doesn't even get you to the first seam. It is closer to 12". Even unpacked though, the front pockets bulge out to about 14" overall. Flatter pieces will carry less even if the dimensions add up to 59" to 62". like this (do the math). Speaking of dimensions, this is technically to long for an Amtrak carry-on which limits you to 28"--but they tend to be lenient. You could easily go over the 50# limit with one of these so weigh your packed case. It's not as sturdy as I expected but then that contributes to the light weight. It only weighs a pound more than my Delsey carry-on. The sides are just fabric whereas the back, top and bottom are reinforced with plastic sheeting. It worries me a little that there is  handle on one of those cloth sides (it is reinforced). The main thing I didn't like was that the zipper tends to catch a bit where the two frame wires intersect the zipper at the top. I bent the wire down a little with a pair of pliers and it's pretty good now. I'll keep it as I didn't get to see it until after the return window. I had it shipped to my home in the MW by mistake while I was wintering in ME. The narrow, deep design lets it hold more and helps with maneuvering tight places, but it also makes for a very deep dark hole when you are trying to find something. The inside is a dark silver. Orange like Ebags products would be better. The handle seems sturdy and only needs to extends a short way since the case is already quite high, so it is unlikely to break. I'm replacing a cheap duffle that broke, when my wife fell down the stairs with it. It was full of books--She is fine-- the handle isn't. Check out the High Sierra Elevate 28" if you want something Amtrak legal and less money. I've been impressed with HS. I would have gotten it if I knew I was gong be taking the train more. I'm getting tired of being 7 miles up in the sky. I've pointed out all the flaws for you, but I'm not unhappy with this bag. I love that it comes with a laundry/shoe bag. The styling is also great for someone who likes to project an Indian Jones image like me. I has more of an expedition feel to it.
B007RONPUE Timberland Luggage is AMAZING I can not say enough good things about this company. The eco footprint this company makes is as small as possible and the HIGHEST QUALITY products. I buy from these guys whenever I can. This upright is amazing. I can organize everything in this bag and have room for the extras we buy. It has soo many pockets I can separate all the important stuff and there is a pouch for the digital devices, as well. I recommend anything this company makes. I will buy smaller pieces as well.
B007RONPUE Great-looking bag I haven't had this bag too long. It was used for one two week international trip to Brazil, a country notorious for rough airport handling of bags.  It is a great-looking bag, and it seems to have weathered flights to and from Brazil with an internal flight as well, no worse for the wear.  I am looking forward to many years of use for this bag, and it's my first piece of luggage at this large size.  It's quite roomy.
B007RONPUE So roomy! I bought this suitcase after buying one in the store that had labels all over it saying it could possibly cause cancer.  Anyway, I was very pleased with this suitcase. There's more room than you would think.  Love it!
B007RONPUE Couple of trips and still looks Great Bought this to add to a set we had previously got. Great quality and durability - 2 international and 1 domestic trip and suitcase shows no wear. A big plus is very distinctive and uncommon, so easily identifiable at luggage carousel
B007ROR77G Used it for one trip Miami-Trinidad. So far it's all good. I Will be using this set more often and I hope it is as rugged as it should be. Will keep you posted after my next trip which will probably be St. Lucia.
B007ROR77G Great luggage set. My husband and I are experienced travelers.  This luggage is a unique color to prevent someone mistaking your bag for their own.  It has very sturdy base and wheels.  Top handle seems sturdy on initial use, and slides easily in  and out of the base of the bag.  The inside is well lined for accidental spilling, and the zippers are well made.  The shoe bag actually holds mens shoes and will either hold a pair of hiking shoes or two to three pairs of regular shoes (dress or athletic shoes).  The matching backpack is a great under-the-seat item that allows my husband to carry his passport, wallet, etc. without packing them in his carry-on, which is a packing strategy that we have found is great for flying.Would definitely recommend.
B007ROR77G Frequent Flyer I love this set. I had bought the medium size (brown) and wanted to get the set because its so strong. Everywhere I went people kept telling me how unique my suitcase was. So when I found this set for such a reasonable price, I had to jump for it. You wont regret buying this.
B007ROR77G Hard to find. I just bought this for my husband for a birthday present. He travels by plane up to 12 times per year and we (rest of family) 6-7 times per year. The reviews give me hope that it will hold up. We replace luggage every 3-5 years typically.I started seeing a lot of cancer / carcinogen warnings on luggage when I went to find replacements for us.  So I started to look for the reason why? If you want to look it up, the cancer warning for luggage falls under California's proposition 65 law.Anyway, this is one of the only pieces that I could find without that warning.If I remember, I'll check back in a year to let you know how it's doing. Carcinogen free and great reviews from others is a good first step.
B007ROR77G Well made luggage. We haven't had to purchase any new luggage for quite some time but our samsonite set is really starting to show the signs of age and airline abuse. So after reading multiple product reviews and comparing prices I decided to go with this set. It arrived quickly and in &#34;off the assembly line&#34; condition with plastic wrapping over all of it. We are very happy with the up front and easily identifiable color and pattern. Although we haven't taken it anywhere yet it should prove to be easy to find when we pick it up from whichever baggage terminal we have to. The space in each bag looks very similar to the set we currently have which is plenty. Now we will just have to see how much abuse they can take.
B007ROR77G Great bags for a good price I knew exactly what I was looking for when I placed this order, because I had an opportunity to inspect this bag at another store (TJ Maxx). For a single bag (the second smallest) the price at TJ Maxx was $79.99 (10/10/13) so this set is certainly a great deal!The bags arrived late because there was an issue with the delivery truck, but I ordered with plenty of time before my trip (honeymoon to Spain). I love the bags, they're great quality, with a great look, and I look forward to using them soon.
B007ROR77G LuggageMy I went travel to my native land and this item you can really depend on and very affordable. Luv it!!!!
B007ROR77G Sturdy and Lightweight Found this locally but for triple the price.  Thanks, Amazon for a quality lightweight luggage set that I am sure is going to last.
B007ROR77G Great Luggage Nice looking & distinctive. One case has been across the Atlantic and back with no issues. Rucksack good for laptop.
B007ROSLWQ Just what I was looking for Better than traditional luggage. A sturdy combination of duffle bag and wheeled luggage in a good looking form. These have become my favorite travel gear.
B007ROSMK2 Great Travel Bag I bought this bag for my husband who travels overseas for the Army quite often.  This bag is perfect for his trips, he can fit all that he needs to and can carry it all easily.  The bag is very nice looking, very suited to be a man's travel bag.  He loves the bag and even tries to make excuses why he needs to use it for short trips on which he actually doesn't need to bring such a large bag!
B007ROSMK2 Suitcase from Amazon We use this suitcase to pack in to go to Florida for a month.  It is really all we need except two small overnighters.  The suitcase moves easily on the wheels and is well-constructed to last for a long time.  I would recommend it.
B007ROSMK2 Love the size and shape This suit case is a great size (just under maximum for most airlines) and a great shape in that the sides don't fall in when not fully loaded and the large opening in the top makes it easy to access items.  However there is a seam in the top starting to come apart after its first use.  Perhaps we did stuff it a bit too much that time but I wonder how long it will last.  I haven't fixed the seam and it did ok for a few more uses.  It's a really nice case for the price just don't expect it to last forever (what does) and don't over stuff it with lumpy items like we did.  You do have to be careful with the weight because of it's size it's easy to go over the 50 pound airline limit.
B007ROSMK2 Best for my purpose Swollows a fishing rod, And a net. And all the gear a fisherman needs. Looks like a professinal, highly satisfied.
B007ROSNUQ Well-made I bought this rolling duffel based on previous reviews.  It did not disappoint.  Sturdy and easy to manage.While one reviewer said this worked for a long trip, I will say (for a woman), it may present a challenge to get 3 full weeks of clothes and essentials packed in it.Great buy for the price too!This bag will last me a long time.
B007ROSNUQ I really like this bag! I recently traveled by train across country and this was perfect for my needs. I needed a bag no bigger than 28" and easy to transport and maneuver.It got knocked around a bit and still came out looking great. Nothing broke, ripped or even loosened.I was able to fit 4 pair of jeans, a pair of pants, pair of shoes, 6 heavy sweatshirts/sweaters, 10 pair of briefs, 10 t-shirts, 5 long sleeve T's, a dress shirt, 10 pair of heavy wool socks, personal hygiene bag, 2 hats, 2 ties, a vest and 2 ball caps in it just fine.Mind you, I'm ex-military and still pack like a soldier sometimes...so I created a foundation with the jeans along half of the bottom, rolled the small stuff like socks and underwear to fill the other side,  and then laid the other stuff out full length (folded in half) over it all so that it would fit and  I could zip it.Went perfectly with the Timberland boots, hat and gloves I was wearing.And bonus, I got at least 3 compliments on it. Even the train conductor commented that it was a "nice piece".
B007TGA2JM Daughter loves them Bought for adult daughter. Great fit . Soft leather.  I think she is sleeping in them! I want a pair.
B007TGA2JM Expected thicker leather It's a nice boot, but construction seemed kind of shakey, there were loose threads and the leather was much thinner than I expected. It fit way too big, but I'm inbetween a 6 and 6.5 so that happens on occasion to me. Returning it was very simple and easy, good seller.
B007TGA2JM The perfect boot No really. I don't have much else to say about them.Great when I'm cruising on the bike, tromping through mud puddles, or butching up my more feminine clothes. These look equally great with a frilly, crochet dress or your beat up bomber jacket.The fit was spot on and I still have room for some thick socks on colder days. I get compliments on them almost every time I wear them out.Definitely a solid purchase. Good idea; go me!
B007TGA2JM Mismatched boots I am very disappointed. After waiting for more than a month for the boots to arrive (because of Croatia customs control and tax of 25%)... I discovered that the left side is 6.5 (correct size for me) and the right side is 8.5. If it was just half to one size bigger, I would have overlooked the error, especially considering the fact that I have paid the tax ( which is non refundable). But 8.5 is way too big and much longer... So they are going back and will be sending Amazon the tax receipt as well.
B007TGA2JM timberland I love timberland and was real excited about them when I recieved tnem.. looking forward to special deals and other colors and leather
B007V4YLR6 One of my favorites I like the timberland brand of fleece jackets.  This was my latest addition and it is easily one of my favorites.  Great fit, comfortable, warm, and looks good too
B007WTCB9U Perfect Size Just what I was looking for, I can leave in pocket and drive with causing pain to backside.  Just enough room for essentials
B007Y3OXEK good boot sock I bought these to wear with my cowboy boots. I wanted a textured sock that went above my ankles but not to my knees. These are comfortable and don't bunch at the heel or toe area. I wear a size 8 shoe and they fit perfectly!
B0080CACC6 Poor quality Very poor quality..They're very thin socks. A package shows 17% of wool, but I'm not sure it has any. I had toreturn
B0080CACCG Wish I'd bought more Very comfortable, fit well and stay on without being too restrictive. Wholeheartedly recommend them and will pickup more next time I order from Amazon.
B0080CACCG Not as Described The socks received contain 47% Polyester, 37% Cotton, 10% Nylon, 5% Rubber, 1% Spandex. Not the same as the description. I have yet to try them to see if I will keep them. They look ok.
B0080CACCG Are you kidding? The folks at Timberland will have a huge 'rubber' fire when forced to burn these 'tourniquets' that no one can get on...!
B0080CACCG Great sox I have been looking for these sox at quite a few location,with no luck. They are great but expensive, I'm a diabetic with foot problems and I wear sox all the time, more for protection than anything.  These sox are tough,you don't wear through in the first month of use.  They wash well, and seem to stand up to most anything. I bought the first 3 pair at a local wholesale store over a year ago, and wear them constantly and the last pair are now developing holes in the ball of the foot, at the seam.  Other than the fact that they are a bit pricey,I love them.
B0080CACYY Large but works well These boot liners are very sturdy and seems to be made of quality material. Even though they are a bit large they work very well.
B00828VKFQ Comfty, but..... These are super comfortable for an 8 hour day of standing...However, very ignoring when you walk around the left shoe is very squeaky. It will go away then come back as soon as it did go away... So, if this won't bother you, and all you want is comfort go for it!!!
B00828VKFQ Best shoes for the Heath Care Worker! This is my second pair of Timberlands in this style and I highly recommend them for any Heath Care worker!! Worth every penny.
B00828VKFQ comfortable width the with was comfortable to last the day (medium width and i have a widish foot) WOULD HAVE LIKED THE FOOTBED TO HAVE BEEN A LITTLE SOFTER.. I'M A HAIRDRESSER AND CAN GO ABOUT 6HRS STEADY I THESE SHOES
B00828VKFQ stiff at first currently a little snug and stiff....gave me a blister the first time i wore them....but im sure they will loosen after wearing them a little more.
B00828VKFQ Squeaky Great comfy shoes but squeak A LOT.  Hope this lessens with wear.  Easy to clean with a damp cloth. I would buy these again.
B00828VKFQ sqeaky i purchased these shoes from amazon for work. they squeak with every step. i work in a hospital so it is somewhat quiet., but people look up from what they are doing when i am half way down the hall., they can hear me coming and going . i have tried everything to stop the squeak, but nothing works. i will NOT buy these shoes ever again, such a waste of my hard earned money. NOT a deal at all. forget about buying them., you too may regret it.
B00828VKFQ Worth every penny My wife wears this for work. She walks alot at work and need something very comfortable. She used to buy it from Sear. However, Sear not always has her size in stock. Also, it cost $110 at Sear when it only cost $90 at Amazon (sometimes less).If you're looking for comfortable working shoes, look no further and get this. They're wayyy better than SAS shoes. Next time when my wife needs a new one, I'll definitely order from Amazon again.
B00828VKFQ Chestnut color scuffs easily I ordered the black and the chestnut colors. The shoe fits well and is comfortable. I have only worn the chestnut and was disappointed in the way the shoe scuffs up so easily . I have had to polish them twice already .
B00828VKFQ Fits great! I am a nurse and getting the right kind of shoes especially when you walk a lot in the floor helps alleviate pain on my legs and it is comfortable to walk with. This is my second pair and husband think it is going to be my addiction in the future.
B008AH70H6 Good jeans for a tough boy! I purchased these for my grandson, who has no qualms about rolling on the ground, playing football, and all the things boys do.  So far, so good.  They wash well, no rips or tears so far, and seem to hold up under his brutal punishment! :-)
B008AH747M Very disappointed These are very cute jeans but made of poor quality denim.  Not the usual quality of the Timberland brand.  I have washed twice (front loader with no agitator) on cold and tumble dried on low heat as the care lable instructed and my son wore them twice.  They already have a hole worn in the rear and the knees, seams down the inside and outsides of legs and crotch are worn thin and will have holes within the next washing/wearing.  Very disappointing.
B008AH74PO Defective after 1 Wash After just one wash these jeans became so thin in many areas they're almost holes everywhere.  Never seen this happen before in my life.  Cheap price but very bad quality.  I want my money back.
B008AH74PO Very unsatisfied After one wearing and one wash this jeans fell apart! this jeans look like the have a thousand years, the fabric became raged and instead of cobalt black wash the color is like the one of very dirty mop! Very disappointed!
B008AH76XY Ok BUT It was fine fits well but it was a rip along the side and i have to pay and get it fix because i love it and want ti keep it
B008AH77XS t&uuml;rkiye t&uuml;rkiye ye sat&#305;&#351;&#305;n&#305;z varm&#305; yokmu onu &ouml;&#287;renmek iin sipari&#351; etmi&#351;tim. &uuml;r&uuml;n amerikadan t&uuml;rkiyeye 4 g&uuml;n gibi k&#305;sa bi zamnada geldi. te&#351;ekk&uuml;r ederim.
B008AH77XS poor quality This appears to be an imitation timberland. Very cheaply made and fell apart within 4 weeks. Do not buy not worth the money.
B008AH77XS Great Jacket Epic! This is a great jacket, it has a very good fit, warm and it is comfortable.  Fast delivery and very happy with this jacket.
B008AH79FE Timberland Boys Winter Jacket Perfect! Fleece lined with elastic cuffs to keep snow out. It has a quality, durable zipper. We sent back two London Fog coats with cheap zippers. Nice snap on hood. My son says it's the warmest jacket he's had.
B008AH79FE Timberland Great Choice Exceptional quality and look.  The jacket is light but completely warm enough for the brutal winters and wind.  The look is very classic and chic.
B008AH7DC8 nothing good about it i am actually a big fan for tims which is why I bought it. But this one is full of disappointment. unfinished stitches, plus the hood is too small for the kid who is old enough to  wear this. The closure is all clingy patches and one of them had already come off when I got it. i would really treat this as a fake tims if this was not purchased from amazon...
B008AH7DC8 Great kids coat Very warm and durable jacket.  Easy to slip on and off sleeping child. Pricey but worth it.  Wish they had it in adult sizes.
B008B5XICS Perfect little suitcase! The suitcase is conveniently small and light weight. I've spent 3 weeks in Thailand travelling with my suitcase and I still took too much stuff with me. I watched all the people with the large rucksacks and was very happy not to have to carry my bagage on my back. I passed all of them with my bright little suitcase with smooth wheels.
B008B5XICS Nice Carry On Handsome, well thought-out carry on.  I can finally retire my beat up old carrier and hold my head high in airports everywhere.  Would recommend.
B008B5XICS My new best traveling companion I had a Timberland rollaboard for the past 18 years that I loved.  It was a little bit larger than this, designed at the start of the whole airline luggage shake up, but had great wheels (in line skates) plenty of interior space, came with a hanger/garment folder, and even had hidden backpack straps (which I never used).  I had great memories of trips all over the U.S. and even world with that bag.  Its design did allow me to overpack, which sometimes made it bulge beyond the overhead compartment limits.  So I'd have to pull out sweaters and books to hold in my seat.  When one small plastic piece of its extension handle finally broke and I could find no replacement (believe me I tried hard), I decided it was time for a new bag.  I looked at outlet stores and what you find in Marshall's type luggage areas.  Of dubious quality.  On the other end are great brands like Briggs and Riley, and a friend's model of that was vying for my final decision.  But I was getting on a plane and the fellow in front of me was pulling this new Timberland.  It looked just right and seemed to be solid construction.  So brand loyalty and price won out and I ordered this.  I travel on business about every two weeks and always carry luggage on.  I was worried about the slightly smaller size.  I usually take my own pillow (flat feather) with me.  And sometimes I need dressier clothes.  Turns out this still will hold my other Timberland hanger/garment folder.  It has been packed to the brim and never caused problems with overhead compartment.  I think part of that is due to the lower section that is the black band you see in the picture.  That restricts how much you can bulge that part out and so put in wheels first it hits where most luggage compartments narrow at back.  It thus seems to fit fine, even when I add extras to the top zipper pockets.  The handles and wheels are very nice.  My only complaint is the adjustable strap on the very top pocket that has a buckle that gets caught too often in the overhead bin as I try to pull it out getting off the plane.  And just like my other Timberland, it never gets confused with anyone else's generic black bag.  Hoping for another 18 years.
B008B5XICS best of breed Good design, useful features, and solid construction at a reasonable price.  While I wish it were a little bigger, blame it on the airlines putting the squeeze on travelers -- not on the luggage that must meet their restrictive carry-on requirements.
B008B5XICS Perfect for light travel and as a carry-on The time had come for me to retire my pre-9/11 carry on bag. I was getting tired of the awkward looks from flight attendants and passengers alike because my bag was slightly oversized. After reading some reviews I settled on this particular bag. I am grateful that I did. It has plenty of pockets and is light weight. It holds more stuff than you might think at first glance. It's well designed and very ergonomic. I wish the handle was just a couple inches longer. Then again, I am 6'3&#34; so the average male American is not quite as tall. I would definitely recommend this bag. Timderland is not a name that comes to mind when I think about luggage. I was pleasantly surprised.
B008B5XICS Great carry-on, couple of quirks I ordered this in navy/black/olive for just under $84 -- great price.  Shipping was fast and it was well packaged in a sturdy box.  Overall it's nice, and colors in the pic are accurate.  Quality materials, but still light.  Rolls smoothly and the telescoping handle is long enough for me at 6'2&#34;.  Size is perfect for carry-on and fits easily into the usual narrow body overhead bins.  However, due to the curving shape of the top and the prominent handle-rod mechanism in the bag, there is less packing room than I expected.  I can still get enough in for a 5 day trip, but it's close.  The opening (described accurately by another reviewer as like a crocodile's jaws) makes packing a bit of a hassle, as you can't just flip the top open.  You can bend the flap back like a tongue, but that will put a lot of torque on the zipper and zipper stops.  Overall though, I'm pleased with the bag.
B008B5XICS Super Storage in a compact size Durable, light weight, and carry one approved. With all the handles you can quickly grab it, and there's space galore. I thought the bars for the handle would be in the way, but they don't seem to take any space away from the roominess. Lots of storage compartments to keep everything separate.
B008B5XICS Nice piece of gear - good value. This is a relatively light yet well built and functional bag.  I travel a bit and have burned through quite a few suitcases, both carry-on sized and bigger.  I have this bag's bigger brother (check sized) and liked the quality and lightness.  This bag matches that.  I also like the somewhat unique looks.  There are too many me-too black bags out there.  This is a good value for a relatively low price.
B008B5XICS ok like the carry-on bag, fit in the overhead bin great but not really pleased with the tag that was in the bag - it was sold at Ross for a lot less that what it can be purchased here at Amazon (according to the tag anyway -
B008B5XICS Good size for a weekend trip Seems well built. Just enough pockets.  Lot's of room for multiple wardrobe changes, shoe bag,nice straps to hold down your stuff. Been on a couple of trips. One by plan. Was small enough to be a carry on. Got me through a weekend of weather extremes camping. Time will tell just how well made it is. But so far I'm digging it.
B008B5XICS Timberland Luggage Claremont 21-Inch Upright Carry On Bag, Navy/Black/Burnt. This is an excellent bag.  It survived both carry-on and checked baggage experiences.  It holds more that any other carry on bag I own or have owned. I was able to pack nine days of clothes easily. It's attractive and study.  I recommend it highly.
B008B5XICS Great Carry On Well constructed bag. Plenty of room for a trip lasting several days.  Sturdy telescoping handle and very easy to roll. Bought 3 of these in different colors for a trip and was not disappointed.
B008B5XICS Surprisingly good I was wary about getting this bag because it didn't have much feedback one way or the other. Having bought this bag and taken it on a trip, I'm pleasantly surprised. This is a very good product!* Light. Much lighter than your typical roll-aboard.* Thoughtful design. Lots of usable space, not too many extraneous details. I liked being able to hold boarding passes and zip-loc full of liquids and gels (stupid rule) in the outside pocket while going through security.* Well made. Does not feel cheap or chintzy - everything seems well built and solid. The zipper feels tough, the cord pulls are nice, the fabric is stiff, the handle doesn't wobble, the pull handles are nicely padded, the wheels roll well. Small things, but important.* Durable? I can't say yet, but it did survive 6 airplanes, 3 gate-checks (small airplanes), and a week on the road with no signs of wear. FYI, this won't fit into the overhead of a commuter jet, although it is just fine on a larger plane and meets the carry-on size restrictions.* One unusual feature: The bag opens like the jaws of a crocodile. The black part at the base is a solid stiff ring around the entire bag and gives it structure (good for shoving shoes down at the bottom) and the case opens from the top all the way down both sides. It is a bit more difficult to pack than the standard side-opening design.* You do have the usual wasted space because of the frame running down the back of the case from the handle to the wheels. Unavoidable in a rolling design.Overall, I'm very happy I got this bag, and astonished at the quality, especially for under a hundred bucks.
B008B5XICS Just what the doctor ordered! I carefully read its specs and decided to buy it.  It just carried my gear on a trip to Alaska.  It was easy to load, easy to carry and easy to locate on small-plane check your carry-ons at the gate luggage racks.
B008B5XICS I wasn't too sure ordering a Timberland Luggage before this, but I love it after I got this one. We used to buy REI, Eagle creek or Osprey luggage, and afraid to get any other brand with a lower build quality. This Timberland carry on surprised me, and I have only gotten this one and not the whole family of Claremont line. But, I love it so far with the good quality build and zipper. I will see how long the wheels last.
B008B5XICS perfect weekender, flies carry on every time. Good design. at first glace it seemed a little busy with zippers and pouches and layers.But after a couple of uses, all had a functional convenience. Never a carry on size issue,(the measurements pushed the limits) so far ok with southwest, united, virgin and American.
B008B5XIEG Excellent Product I researched this piece while preparing for an international trip, and was amazed at how well it performed.  The wheels and handle are very sturdy and durable.  The included shoe bag is a nice touch.  Only issue with the bag was the luggage id pouch on the back of the luggage ripped off, but I do not use that anyways.
B008B5XIEG Well made, as you would expect from Timberland. I bought both the 26 and 21 inch for my husband for Christmas.  He is hard on luggage or maybe I should say he and the airlines are hard on luggage.  So far these seem to be rugged enough and have held up well.  When he checks his bag, these are easy to find because of their color.  The hardware, zippers and handles are sturdy and well made, and the bag seems to be well balanced.
B008B5XIEG The orange luggage carrier This suitcase is the perfect size for me for a week worth of clothes plus. It will hold more than I need that's for sure. With 2 extra zip up compartments, great wheels and handles, and strong zippers. It's just an excellent bag to see coming down the conveyer. And the price is right........ Thanks Amazon,  Glad
B008B5XIEG Nice looking bag The suitcase was lightweight ~ a good feature.The color stands out ~ also a good feature.I have just come back from taking it on its first trip ~ from the USA to New Zealand.  On the trip over somehow the thread that holds the teeth to the tape of the zipper broke and started to unravel.  Had to buy a strap to ensure it didn't get worse on the trip home.  So now I am about to find if that constitutes a refund or not.
B008B5XIEG timberland luggage I love it, the luggage is very light and can hold a lot of clothes, just wish it can spin
B008B5XIEG Great and Durable This is by far one of the best pieces of luggage I have purchased in a while. It took the usual beating from the airlines and came out still looking great.
B008B5XIEG I purchased the 26" because I have the smaller travel on version for my Grandson and we love it. This morning it was raining in I just purchased this suitcase and used it for the first time today from Myrtle Beach, SC to Seattle, Washington.  I purchased the 26&#34; because I have the smaller travel on version for my Grandson and we love it.  This morning it was raining in Myrtle Beach, when I arrived in Seattle, WA and opened my suitcase all my clothes were wet!!!  The suitcase was NOT out in the rain long as the baggage handlers transported the suitcase from the terminal to the aircraft yet the contents of the outside and middle pockets were rainsoaked and in the main body of the suitcase the top layer of my rolled clothing was wet.  My white slacks were stained purple from the Timberland logo written on the inside of the suitcase.  I'm hoping the stains will come out of my slacks.  I'm so disappointed.  I was a flight attendant for 15 years, I grew up traveling around the world and I've NEVER had a leaky suitcase!  Really strange!
B008B5XIEQ Lots of space and doesn't weigh much. I just traveled with this suit case for the first time and was pleased.  It holds more than I needed,  for an extended trip, and it brought me no where near the dreaded 50 pound luggage weight limit.  For those who don't mind paying $25, to travel with more than a few necessities, I heartily recommend this piece of luggage.
B008B5XIFA It's fit for my need I've bought for my child ,first reaction of him he a wooow when he first saw.He is using this luggage as school bag he seems very satisfied.
B008B5XIFA NOT love at first sight, but I like it. When this backpack first arrived, I thought, "I'm returning this."However, I gave it a shot and I'm glad I did. I purchased this along with the 21 inch carry on Claremont bag, and TOGETHER they make a great team.The thing I LOVE about this bag is something you can't even see in the picture. There is a wide strap in the front of the bag (where your back is) that is made to put around the handle of a roller bag, such as the 21 inch carry on bag. This is so unbelievably convenient at the airport.Pros:Looks good.Looks like it's good quality.The strap that goes on the handle of a roller bag.Cons:Smaller than you would think.Wasted space with a useless divider inside the bag.No pockets on the sides at all for a water bottle or small item.The pockets in general are odd. Could really use another small pocket.Overall: NOT a great bag in general, but I really like it for airport travel.  It's okay and I would recommend it though.
B008B5XIFA NOT AS PER EXPECTATIONS when i saw bag it looks good so i purchased it.but it is not as per expectations...bag is very small.
B008B5XIFA Love it Sturdy, fits everything i need to carry and a nice looking bag. I would recommend it. We also got the matching luggage:)
B008B5XIFA Great product Fine backpack, high quality and very good finished. Convenient straps, Goods additional pockets for the mobile and other accesories. Easily washable. It is not a backpack for outdoor adventure. That is small and too fine.
B008B5XIFA High quality This is a sturdy good looking bag.  It has a compartment for a laptop and more.  The material is thick and the zippers seem extra heavy duty. The blue bag with orange accents is especially nice.  Very masculine.
B008B5XIFA too costly for the size. It's very tinyand too costly and doesn't have enough storage options. Not worth the price they ask for. And btw, one zip is already off.
B008B5XIFA Hohum minimalist gear, from a backpack junkie I am a backpack fanatic. I refuse to use dinky purses, and with toddler twins, they're the best hands-free option for diaper bags or just carrying around snacks, clothes, books or toys. At the same time I need a backpack that can be used for travel and for my laptop. Over the years I've bought a number of great backpacks, the best one a leather-bottom one from Timberland that lasted almost ten years before my dog ate the front mesh pocket.In my quest for the perfect backpack, I found several features that are important: a wide roomy interior that will allow for a change of clothes or two, maybe a pair of shoes and snacks for the kids. Tall enough to fit my laptop and an umbrella. Small secure pockets for wallet cell phone, pens and keys. It should be dark colored, good sturdy zipper, comfortable handle on top. A security pocket is always a plus. A laptop storage pocket, thick padding in the back for comfort. Lightweight. This backpack meets most of the criteria but falls a bit short in the end because too many corners are cut and many features left out. Too bad, it could have been great.PROS* Part of the Timberland Claremont collection that includes rolling suitcases (26" and 30"), wheeled duffles (24", 28" and 32"), a 20" duffle and a 21" rolling carry-on* Very modern, streamlined design - would work well in a business environment.* Gorgeous colors - navy with charcoal panels on the sides and top, black trip and backing, black trim.* Burnt orange piping in the front pocket and orange accents on sturdy metal pulls.* Small decorative reflective accents on front (holding lacing) and on Timberland logo on strap - not enough for safety though.* PVC free, 600 x 600 Polyethylene Vinyl Acetate fabric.* Padding in front, sides and in back - not between sections. 1/4" thick. Polyethylene and Polyurethane foam.* Lightweight durable construction.* High volume with uninterrupted space to store clothing and gear (one large central compartment) - large main compartment - 12" wide x 17" high x 6.5" measured from seam to seam.* Second separate 1" x 15" section with 11" x 6" open pocket; Two pockets, each 3" x 4.5" x 0.75 - one has a velcroed flap to secure contents, the other does not. Two pen holders.* Webbing on the sides of the flap keep contents of small front section from falling out when the front is opened.* A 6.5" wide additional piece of poly material in back, which may or may not be for holding down a folded jacket on the outside of the pack. No purpose is given.* Adjustable padded shoulder straps with reinforced contrast stitching at the base and strap.* Suitable for a child - straps can be adjusted to 16" minimum, with 16" of strap left over.* Padded carry handle.* Small loops on the sides for attaching things, just orange trim with black plastic tubes, making a loop.* 10 year warranty for materials and workmanships.CONS:* No information on if it's weather resistant* An inner open padded pocket (10" wide, 9.5 high at sides, 2" deep. May accommodate a 13-14" laptop as it has a 1.5" wide strap to secure it.* Insufficient back padding - it has a 4" wide section of padding along the bottom and a small section on top, but it doesn't run along the whole back so this backpack would not really provide shock protection for electronics.* No shock absorbing technology (not advertised but expected if you have what looks like a laptop sleeve)* A stiff padded front panel - provides protection for contents but makes access a bit hard as it cannot be pulled aside if packing flat.* Dual zippers with solid metal grips on main compartment extend to 5" of bottom - no inner webbing so contents may fall out.* The front section has great zippers with poor quality pulls - just nylon cord through a piece of black tubing, knotted sat the end. Inexplicable at this price point (if you go by MSRP) - two sturdy metal pulls as in the main compartment would have been better, to allow the use of a security lock for travel purposes.* No rubber protectors on the bottom or on corners of trim, only fabric all around. May affect durability.* No security pocket.* No water bottle holder* No exterior pockets.* Made in China.In short, this is a very simple backpack best suited for day-to-day use. However, I would not recommended for travel or for use with laptops. With some added features it could be a wonderful backpack - for now, back to the drawing board.
B008B5XIFA Does not fit !!!! hello!I bought a notebook (Sony VAIO E17 Series SVE17127CXB 17.3-Inch Laptop), and simply does not fit in the bag !!The bag is great! But I can't use it to charge my computer.I suggest that Timberland change the classification of this item, for a 17 inch notebook does not fit!Marcio
B008B5XIFA Sturdy This thing takes a beating and has frayed, ripped, or discolored at all despite the daily beatings I have given it.  Coffee stains on the inside are a little difficult to get out.  Would recommend for anyone.
B008BD48P6 Boots look amazing Inexpensive and look amazing. Just a little big and they get scuffed easily but they look great with my jeans. thank you.
B008BGZ0BE Cool Watch It's a really very nice watch you can wear it for casual dessing or even for formal dressing if you are not too formal. The belt is strong enough to last too long and you can wear it also with diferents colors of clothes because it is black. I like it so much and I thnk is a good price for a quality product.  Finally I shall say Amazon sent it on time.
B008ECQ6Y0 Appearance These are decent, the white bottoms are too white...other than that they are comfortable and came in a right and a left shoe...well done!
B008FA81Y4 Excellent, durable luggage I was looking for a set that could handle a family of four for week long trips.This luggage is very rugged - made of a heavier material with strong zips.I have it to Europe and bag - including trains and city walking.The pieces stand upright as well even when fully packed.Could not be more pleased with this purchase.
B008FA81Y4 Great Quality Great build quality.  Entire set actually nest inside of one another for easy storage.  I'm mostly impressed with the wheel placement - solid and tucked away for what seems to be a long life performance.  Really seems to be a rugged set!
B008FA81Y4 Very nice set well made The package deal for this set was great. For around 300.00 you get all you need. Well made and good looking.
B008FA81ZI Very Nice Luggage Set Quality is Excellent, shape of luggage is not standard, longer by thinner by deeper, but I like it much better.  Shipping was quick. I bought a $100 set of another brand for my son and there is a big difference in quality.  I am glad I paid more for this set.  Backpack is great quality also.  I love this set.
B008IZ7JXA Solid piece of luggage First off I'm one of those travelers that can go for up to two weeks with just a carry-on. Whether it's a 2 day domestic trip or a 2 week 14 flights and 5 country marathon I use the same piece of luggage.This bag is light but solidly built.  The front pockets are cleverly designed so that they are much larger than they appear on the outside. I also like that because of the design you can use them and still get the bag into the overhead bin.  This is a critical and frustrating flaw in several bags that I've had.The handle is very solidly built as well.  It may be too solid however.  Much of the interior space is sacrificed to make this more sturdy.  I'm finding that I have to roll up more clothing to shove into the gaps around the handle on the interior. It does roll well with it's large wheels and I've got excellent control with the handle.
B008IZ7JXA Nice luggage We bought the carry on and the next size up.  They are well made.  The orange trim will help  with finding them at baggage claim.
B008IZ7JXA Excellent carry on luggage I fly at least 5 to 6 times a year, both international and domestic, my old Samsonite that used to be carry-on legal no longer meets the requirements by a lot of different airlines I travel on, so its time to switch.Before you buy this bag, I recommend you get a list together of all of the airlines you travel with and get their carry on requirement, and then figure out what the smallest number is for width, height, and length, so you will know what size of carry on bag you can buy. By doing this, it actually help me narrow down to what bags I can buy real fast.  On some bags, don't forget to add 1 - 2 inches for the wheel if its one of those 360 degree free spinning ones that sticks out of the bag.  Because most of the bag dimensions that are listed on the website doesn't include it and it will end up biting you in the end.Now on to this bag.  This bag met my needs in dimensions for Delta, Alaska, United, Air China, and Asiana as off Oct. 2013.  This bag is very high quality, with lots of smaller pockets for my smaller items that I don't want to keep in my pocket, with very easy access.  The 2 wheels on this luggage is also large with some treads, so it can handle more terrain than my old bag, and its very easy to maneuver.My most recent one week trip, I easily packed a week worth of close plus another pair of dress shoes for a friends wedding, and I think I could have packed more if I wanted to.Great piece of luggage.  I will consider getting this exact form factor in a larger size in the future.
B008J0PKIA So nice , so fit when I received it ,I try it at once. It fit my foot very much! the corlor is also like the picture showed. the most important is, it is too cheaper than I bought at Shanghai. Next time I will also choose buy it at Amazon.
B008J0PKIA blisters Large in the toe area but the heel part rubs.. very uncomfortable shoe. The quality overall is great. Nice cleanable leather. Soft insole.
B008J0PKIA ottime scarpe Non ho ancora avuto modo di sfruttarle, ma la fattura mi sembra la solita delle scarpe Timberland: robuste e di qualit&agrave;. Credo di aver fatto un ottimo acquisto.
B008J0PKIA Timberland Falmouth Ballerina Flat I love these shoes. They are comfortable, light weight and fit great. I would certainly recommend them to anyone looking for a light weight suede shoe.
B008J0PKIA Neutral flat Casual flats. They are a bit warmer (temperature wise) than I expected since they are partially perforated, but overall they are pretty nice. I wear them with skirts or pants. Grey suede with a grey leather insole.
B008KCHB4S I recommend it for everyone I personally like this Timberland and will recommend it for my friends.It is really worth it's price.looks as on website, and better
B008KLEYLM Strap too tight I have average 7.5 feet and the straps that run on top are a bit tight. I have only worn them a few times, so I'm hoping that they stretch out a bit.  Other than that, they are very comfy.
B008KLEYLM good! My mom like it! design is plain but it is comportable. and it's not light.size is fit as expexed.
B008KLGHL2 Nice walking For a wide, it was a bit narrow. Had to be worn in. It feels very comfortable now. However, after wearing a few times, some of the threads were already coming loose and some of the inside leather liner is disintegrating. Sad for a name brand like Timberland. Overall it is OK for the price though (was reduced) and I only wanted them for  around the yard.
B008KLGHL2 I liked the slides very much. This is what I expected fore my money from Timberland women's Baresteps slides sandals a great price. Just what I ordered very pleased.
B008KLGHL2 Top Quality very comfortable and nicegood pricelong lasting shoenice coloursvery difficult to find in GermanyI can recommend
B008M27754 Hated for the shipment delay I ordered on 26-Jan-2014, today is 31-Jan. The shipment has not started yet. But when I ordered it shown that it will be delivered by 31Jan - 2Feb.This is pretty annoying.
B008M27754 Good stuff These were to replace a worn out pair which had 'travelled' - walking the streets of India, SE Asia and Europe - for years  but not been able to purchase for a long time. The latest version seems not to have quite as good quality soles, and the colour is rather drab but they still outdo the competition by a mile.
B008M27754 Timberland Fishermans Sandal is absoutly great When you first see and open the box, before you even put them on, Timberland screams QUALITY.  I love these sandals and have taken to wearing them all year round even in winter with Samrt-wool socks which fit great as the Velcro strap adjusts.  .There is a padded section in the heel, for the heavy drivers, and when you realize that they can slip on and off like loafers well its a win win all around.  They clean up really smart wear with a suite and its fun to see the double take at cocktail parties and then the whispers of ( wow they look comfortable what are they - my dress shoe are killing me ( :  ) You can keep a beaten up pair for trail-walking. Simply the best comfort in all seasons all wears . Thank U Timberland for making a really good product.
B008M27754 TimberLand Men's Altamont Fisherman Sandlal Brown & Tan 10.5 M US Great fit and very comfortable for summer ware.  I have both the Tan and the Brown pairs and switch of every other day.
B008M27754 Fit well These fit better than I expected, coming from an on-line ordering system. I think it is best to fit them before you buy them. These just happen to fit well the first time.
B008M27754 Didn't care for the tone of brown. Didn't care for the tone of brown. Should be more rich. Not an interesting surface. Kinda paper-like or too flat.Size ordered was my mistake
B008M27754 I would recommend Amazon to my friends. Everything is great and is just what I expected. I had a mix up on the original order but everything was resolved with the help of good representative from Amazon.
B008M27UHO Timberland Shoes I loved shopping online and getting what I wanted for a decent price.  Shopped stores and cost was significantly greater.  Received items quickly and Christmas was a success. They fit nicely and are comfortable for who I purchased them for.
B008M2MGSC Motorcycle Boot Looking for a less bulky, but still sturdy and protective motorcycle boot. Found these. Bought them. You can tell Vans has really influenced the Timb style positively (they fall under the same parent company now). Couldn't ask for anything better.
B008M2MGSC Okay shoes for decent price I didn't really like the way my feet fitts in itThe size was a little bit bigThe style is cool
B008M2MGSC Timberland Mens Newmarket 61 Cupsole Boot Best sneakers ever worn. I bought for them school but as soon as it arrived I was just like no way, it is just too good.The material is exellent and resists water well.Good shoes for swag!
B008M2MGSC great shoes these are very good to wear, just don t wear them alot, they can wear if used alot. and make sure, you dont allow them to get dirty
B008M2MGSC Dirty boots One boot was broke in already small scuff marks and black marks around the white trim of the boot. The only reason I didn't send them back is because I couldn't find nobody selling my size 13. I learned my lesson I will order from the timberland web page the hell with the price.
B008M2MGSC Kamal Moore Timberlands These shoes are worth every dollar light and nice and could be worn anywhere. They are also in cheap they do not cost too much.
B008M2MGSC Got lots of compliments. They kinda look like tennis shoes, sort of dorky looking but I got 2 compliments from strangers go figure. They are comfy and light weight but not a work boot.
B008M2MGSC LOVELY PAIR OF BOOTS. It's just as it was described and fits and as comfortable as though it was molded particularly for my feet.
B008M2MGSC Timberland Men's Newmarket 61 Cupsole Boot,Black Timberland Men's Newmarket 61 Cupsole Boot,Black are very mice boots, at the beginning the are little uncomfortable but after waring it for little wile u feel better.They are strong nice looking.
B008M2MGSC Great boot Wow This shoe is the BOMB.com, it looks so good on my feet, so fresh and clean it gives the foot a lot of swagger!!!
B008M2MGSC feedback Hi, that's was my size, it's was so fit but I prefere like that.but it is no problem thank you
B008M2OCP2 comfortable and light very happy with this simple, casual, fitting shoe that wraps around your feet.  It's ergonomically designed with a low heel.  Will buy them again.
B008M2OCP2 Great Shoe Bought these to replace those awful Kenneth Cole loafers i bought recently..it arrived very quickly and they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable as i have a lot of walking to get to my office from the transit point.
B008M2OCP2 Slipper-on Well, I mainly ordered these &#34;brookridge&#34;  out of stop-gap desperation..while looking for a better pair of everyday shoes for my guy.  PLUS - when purchased on Amazon, these were cheaper than grocery store flip-flops!! Knowing full well..they are slipper-moccasin style, I didn't expect too much in the way of state-of-the-art foot support - so no disappointments there. Actually, they are quite nice, even sleek with a hint of fashion..due to the contrasting blue stitching accents. The size was accurate.  Good for light, general purpose activity, no rough stuff.  Also, we did spray-apply a nubuck care product which is always a good idea to help resist dust/dirt/debris.  Nice for the price.
B008M2OCP2 Severity is very weak and let's not surprised at the strong Severity is very weak and let's not surprised at the strong from Timberland!!!!!!!!!Severe very bad and expensive does not advise buying this product
B008M2OCP2 Made well, but weird-looking These shoes look better in the photos than in person. They have a wide toe area. And, the sole is separated into different sections, with one part under the big toe, and another for the rest of the toes. It has a pseudo planet-of-the-apes look to it. It's not nearly as bad as those goofy toe shoes that hipsters wear. But, it has a similar vibe.I kept them jjst for something to throw on when taking out garbage, checking the mail, etc. But, I wouldn't wear them anywhere public. Plus, they're also not that comfortable for walking, as there is very little cushioning.
B008M2OCP2 Didn't like them Was looking for a pair of slip-ons to replace my deck shoes. These look nice but the edges dug into my ankles, they were hot and felt like wearing swim fins without the fin part. Not for me.
B008M2OCP2 great slip-on shoes I wear these around the house and when I need to make a quick trip outside.they're just the ticket as slip ons
B008M2OCP2 Styly These are pretty nice - very light. you cant see in the pictures too well, but they have some blue accents and the thread is purple. THe sole is not solid, and these are my first pair of shoes like this. THe gaps don't align perfectly with the pressure points of my feet, but I probably should be wearing a 12.5, not a 13. Also, they are more comfortable with thin socks.
B008M2OCP2 Great casual wear I ordered these to replace my favorite pair of casual slippers. They were also timberlands but a discontinued style. Now that I've had these a few weeks I think I can discard the old pair.These shoes are very light weight. Essentially they are moccasins with a firm but very form fitting foot bed.
B008M2OCP2 Timberland Men's Brookridge Slip-On The Timberland Men's Brookridge Slip-On fits well and is comfortable for walking.  Easy on, easy off.  Good color combination.  The sole is thinner than my usual selection of Timberland products, which makes them lightweight.
B008M2OCP2 Comfortable and stylish I really love these shoes.  They are very comfortable and look good enough to wear almost anywhere.  I&#8217;ve been wearing them to my office several times a week and find them very comfortable and match with just about any combination of casual office cloths I have.  I would buy them again and definitely recommend them.  They are a bit wide but that&#8217;s not a problem for me.
B008M2OCP2 didnt like them I didnt like these. They have a large rounded foot bed. Felt like flippers or like I was wearing ninja shoes. They seemed to be good quality. The style just wasnt for me.
B008M2YZKY They're good. Soft and comfy...was  what I expected...but will probably know better about durability when I wear them more often next summer.
B008M2YZKY Timberland Hookset Oxfords Comfortable, stylish beachwear, casual wear---great with jeans & shorts.  Only gave them 4 stars, because have only had them for 2 weeks.  I can't really comment on their durability or if the fit will change as time passes.  I have had great success with Timberland shoes in the past.
B008M2YZKY runs slightly large..but comfy and light shoes runs slight large i think due to soft canvas fabric and stretching after wearing a little bit...but it is really comfy and light to wear!
B008M2Z6ZM stylish and comfortable I usually wear Vans every summer, but wanted to try something different. These are way more comfortable, and easier to clean if they get dirty. I get a lot of compliments when I wear them. Since I just got them, I can't say anything about durability yet.
B008M2ZFQW Like slipping on an old pair of jeans. These were really comfy right out of the box. I love my Sebago deck shoes but they tend to get a little sweaty since there's little ventilation. The Timberlands breath well. I noticed another review complaining about rubbing on the back of the heel. I've experienced a little bit of that but I'm sure it will go away once my foot adjusts to wearing a shoe without socks. I'm a little concerned about durability but I'll update my review if it becomes an issue.
B008M2ZFQW Good shoe Love them, fits well, easy to clean, comfortable.Just throw them in the washing machine when dirty but I let them dry in front of the fan.
B008M2ZFQW No cushioning The shoes seem to be pretty decent quality, but there is no cushion in the sole. Its like walking around barefoot.
B008M2ZFQW To large Sent back 9.5 to large.....Will try 9 if available
B008M4UN1C Super comfortable!! Super comfy, perfect heel. Wish straps were thinner like the maeslin model! Would be much prettier; a little clunky as is.
B008M4UN2Q Fits like a glove Comfy, almost an inch in the back to give you a little height without sacrificing comfort.  Good quality as expected from Timberland.
B008M4UN2Q Nice looking but uncomfortable I'm a person that would wear nothing but flip flops year round if weather permitted.  These fit fine under my foot and were comfortable to walk on.  The problem was the part that came up between the toes.  It's too thin or something because it felt like they were cutting into the space between my toes.  Being a person who has worn so many kinds of flip flops, this came as a complete surprise!  I sent them back.
B008M4UN2Q Love These This is a replacement pair - my young pup loves shoes.  These were my favorite and I was thrilled when I could replace them through Amazon.  They fit well and are extremely comfortable - no slipping.
B008MHR6D2 not accurate colour. I bought a blue colour, but the shoes was black, Which I hate this colour. Also It was a gift and I promised him to be blue colour.
B008MHR6D2 Teen These shoes are a quality buy. Cushioned insole feels great! I recommend them for any teen that wants to in style and comfortable!
B008MHR6D2 incorrect size The shoes i received were Wide not 2E thus not a 2E as advertized be aware be aware be aware
B008MHR6D2 Four Stars overall good, despite of first del. of tuna, deliver someplace else
B008N6Y9BO uncomfortable They hurt my wife&#8216;s Ankle&#65292;Wear  shoes to wear out feet leatherf,very  painful.it is uncomfortable.now Band-Aid on the ankle
B008N6YJKA Summer fun I got these to wear on a cruise. I wore them while carrying a baby on rough seas and had no troubles whatsoever with traction, balance, etc. They looked great and were very comfy. While it did not prove to be a problem, they do not feel all that secure when you put them on. However, I never had to worry about them slipping off during wear.
B008N6YJKA So comfortable!!! I'd never purchased Timberland shoes before but these have a classic wear with everything look.  Depending on designer I can wear a 6.5 or a 7. I ordered these in a 7 and will be exchanging them for a 6.5. They are so comfortable and go from shirts to jeans to a sundress!  Note the heel strap is canvas not leather - they still rock!
B008N6YJKA Cute, but not perfect I really, really like the look of these shoes. And I really want to LOVE them. But there are a few issues with them. The ankle strap is a little high for my liking, but fine, I can deal with that. My slight complaint comes for a quality standpoint. These shoes were not cheap, and the first pair I had delivered, one of the shoes had a ripped strap by the punched holes like somebody already stretched them out. And the buckle detail was missing the little leather fob. So I looked at the bottom of the shoe to see if there was any wear and tear (like they were a return) and they were pristine on the bottom. Never worn, yet defective. So I got a new pair - super prompt and easy returns btw, and the second pair looked perfect. I wore them that evening and they were comfortable. I mentioned the ankle strap was a little high, and I mention that because it provides less support and stability than a lower strap. Fine, I can walk in heels (esp. wedges) not a big problem. However, I noticed the next morning that the leather that goes across the front of the sandal is not finished very well and it appears slightly frayed and not dyed all the way through. I can touch it up with some shoe polish and trim some rough looking leather, but not something I am thrilled about doing with brand new sandals. Had I tried these on in a store, walked around a little bit, and inspected them closer than a perfect jpeg of the product on the web - I most likely would have passed on these shoes. But I kept them, because I want to like them more than I do, I wore them once, and I already returned a pair.
B008N6YJKA Like it but more casual than I was looking for Very comfortable.  I love the cork and leather wedge.  I just didn't like the ankle strap on me - I felt like it shortened my legs too much.
B008N6YJKA Finally I found what I was looking for! Comfortable, well made, pretty, and fashion!!!!!!! I loved it and recommend for everyone that is trying to combine beauty and comfort.
B008N6YRCK Publish more tenders of these,  It was a good price and brand. thanks Unfortunately the waist of the sandal i was a little boy i think that was due to the calculations in the table of sizesPublish more tenders of these,It was a good price thanks
B008N6YRCK Colour The shoe fits well but the colour is not what I see pictured here; I expected a chocolate dark brown but the shoe is a light 'bronzy' colour. Found a bag to match though so I am good....but still in need of the original colour.
B008N6YRCK Very comfortable and stylish I gave this shoe a 5 star because it's amazingly comfortable and very stylish. It works very well with skirts, dresses and long and short pants/jeans. I usually prefer a little platform because otherwise my metatarsus hurts when taking long walks and my feet really benefit from these sandals. I'd recommend this for anyone wanting to look pretty without sacrificing comfort.
B008N6YRCK Surprisingly well-balanced So, normally I don't wear heels. Pretty much ever. And certainly not ones this high. But over the summer when shopping for shoes for a wedding, I tried on a pair of these and found them unusually well-balanced and comfortable. The thing that most impresses me is their stability: the soles make full contact with the ground, so instead of flailing or tottering, I can actually kind of walk in them. No local store had them in my exact size, however, so I ended up getting different shoes for the wedding and watching these on Amazon. When the price came down enough, I ordered a pair. They seem to fit true to size, and are about as comfortable as a shoe this high could ever be. I'm saving them for short stints, like a dinner out, and estimate that I have about a 90% chance per hour of NOT breaking my ankle. That's really good for a non-heel-wearer! If you normally wear stiletto heels this high, you could probably go jogging in these and be fine. Not that I'd recommend it.
B008N7GT9I It fit as I expected It truly fit as I expected, the quality is quite excellentThe only thing I don't like is that my feet get hot during the day because the shoes don't have air outputs
B008N7GT9I Great shoes but sizing is confusing. Design great, look great, wheatherproof, but sizing is confusing.. Mine are too small (narrow) even tho my feet are normal size. Never had such problem shoe sizing before.
B008N7H654 Looks cheaper Looks cheaper, Timberlands i dont believe it but is true. internally looks like not finished yet... overall fit good... mmmm
B008N7H654 Tight fit, but comfortable These pretty much fit exactly.  There isn't a whole lot of wiggle room, but they are comfortable.  The traction seems OK, but that's probably the one thing I wish was better about them.
B008N7H654 Sent the wrong shoes. This shoe is two on the right,  there is no left.Two righe, no left.Please help me....Thank you.
B008N7H654 Good Shoe I haven't had the opportunity for to utilize these for a trail adventure yet, but I thoroughly enjoy walking in them. I find them to be super comfortable which in turn makes me smile as I enjoy comfortable footwear.
B008N7H654 It's Pretty Great. They are very comfortable. I walk a lot at work & I see having to add a more padded insole probably. Overall, I like them. I think I paid a few bucks just for the Timberland name because it doesn't look like top of the line leather but, I am pleased. Not elated.
B008N7H654 ergonomic not very ergonomic shape, and regular quality, I expected better quality at the base of the foot and instep shape
B008TNCG6Q neat idea but did not work These are a neat concept idea. They did not fit my husbands feet and he felt like he was walking on the sides of the slippers. His feet also slid forward so his toes were up on the front of the slipper. We returned them as they were not comfy, they were big enough in that the size 14 fit his 13 foot but with the forward slide it just did not work
B008TNCG6Q must have slippers Timberland Men's Radler Trail Mid Camp BootI got mine before xmas couldn't wait to get them on. A little snug but they fit just fine. I like it that u can zip them together. Never seen a slipper do that before
B008TNCG6Q Amazing design, small and warm! Bought this for my friend for his birthday! When they arrived and I opened it and was quite impressed with the quality and design - fancy boots!
B008TNCG6Q Very cool idea for traveling I haven't worn these out yet. I just got them last week! But I was looking for a way to pack a set of waterproof boots for traveling. Something that could be worn in both cold snowy conditions and wet rainy tepid days. Plus they actually had to be wearable! I almost gave up looking til I saw these in one of my fitness magazines! I went online and bought them here on Amazon because they were cheaper than buying directly from Timberland's website.They arrived so quickly and to my surprise, were amazingly compact. I was won over when I put them on-pretty comfy!Now these shoes are really unisex. I bought a "mens" pair because I also needed a color that would be neutral for travel and I wasn't too keen on the womens color selection.Since it hasn't rained I can't yet speak to how they are in the elements. I'll have to add another post. These aren't cheap, but if you travel over different weather conditions in a course of a trip, the simple fact  they pack no bigger than one sneaker is worth the price of giving it a chance.
B008TNCG6Q Solid and comfortable These boots possess standard Timberland durability.  I have worn them for 3 months everyday I come home as slippers and outdoors on occasion.  Warm (to the rated temp) and incredibly well built.I have traveled with these as well.  They zip together and become a small package; still a bit weighty, but easily compressed for travel.  Zipping them together takes a little getting used to, and compressing the halves together does as well, but after that you have quite the slim, durable, packable travel boot.Love them and would highly recommend them.
B008TNCG6Q I threw them away! I did not expect such crap from Timberland.  First night out winter camping the zipper holding the two together would not unlatch.  Once unlatched, it would not re-latch.  Insulation value was minimal at best in wood stove heated tent.  At trail head parking lot I deposited them in the garbage can where they belonged.
B008TNCG6Q Timberland Radler Trail Mid Camp Boot in Blue Way cool boot!  I just received my Timberland Radler Mid Camp Boots, and they knocked my socks off;)  The blue is brilliant, and vibrant; nicely accented by a yellow-orange stripe around the base.  They arrived zipped up; the inside lid of the box has directions on assemblage.  Coolest design concept ever!  They are fun, sporty, and perfect for my needs.  Rubber sole, weather resistant, fun, and pack easily, leaving a small footprint.  I'll store them in a Sea to Summit 8 litre Ultra-Sil dry sack to keep other items clean.  I wear a women's 8- 1/2, so I ordered the men's 7, which fit just fine.  However, I did notice that when I lift my toes, they press against the hard, rigid edge of the front toe of the boot, which may become annoying, but is a compensation to which I'll need to adjust, given the nature of the design.  The rigid front ridge will keep my toes from being bruised, so I'll simply have to adjust.  Otherwise, they are very fetching boots.  I love the fact that they zip together, the process of which takes a bit of acclamation, and that they are insulated.  Definitely a worthwhile purchase from which I will get a lot of use!  I was surprised by just how much I like the blue, it's a very dynamic, electric colour; extremely fun!
B008UQ6VPO My 6 year old loved them! My little guy is all about comfort and I'm all about fashion.  This shoe satisfied both of us! Worth the money.
B008UQRULS Clunky, but with style Shopping for a comfort heel with style brought me to this hefty little heel, I'm not disappointed. A notch up from casual this heel seems to be mixed with the charm of vintage.
B008URDGTC Kiltie Mocassin These mocs run large. They are not comfortable at all. Don't go well with anything I wear.I just plain don't like them.
B008UTADGY Multi-functional Needed some shoes for a wedding my son was in and these looked dressy with his knickers, but now are great for everyday wear. He can put them on easily by himself. The only annoying thing is the laces come untied too easily.
B008UTADGY So cute! I love these shoes.  They are the perfect shoe for both dressier church days and the more typical day.  They are sturdy, well designed down to the simplest details, and they are holding up very well for my active boys ages 11 and 5.
B008V47G1S very uncomfortable I tried 7,5  8 and 8,5. But none of them felt comfortable. I don't know why, but i just think that there is omething wrong with the shoesnevertheless it looks nice if you don't wear it :S
B008V47G1S borken after one month I am  very dissappiont! Only afterone month  wore this shoes, it is broken! I will never buy this brand again!
B008VAQ1UY Did not receive what was ordered Order the Timberland Trail Force Bungee Oxford specifically for the no-tie ease and actually received shoes that look exaclty as ordered but they tie, very disappointed!
B008VAQ1UY Not Bungee! I purchased two of these shoes in different colors.  My kids don't like to tie shoes so purchased because they said they were bungees. They actually are laced and the laces look like bungees, but are definitely NOT stretchable laces as we were led to believe. I will have to purchase bungee laces separately or or just melt the laces in place so they don't come untied. Shoes feel good, are good quality and kids like them, so they are a good shoe, just not bungee.
B008VAQ1UY Unsafe shoe This shoe I believe to be unsafe. The bungee closer is not only very difficult to close but does not stay tight in place. When it becomes loose then my grandchildren have had the shoes fly off their feet while running and on playground equipment. I bought a total of three pair all of which they have discontinued wearing for fear off accidents happening.
B008VD3M4E nit boys or unisex We bought this thinking that it was a boys item. That's how we searched and the title doesn't say different. When they arrived they are clearly labeled as girlsno worries though, they fit perfect with a little growing room, and noone van tell that they are girls. Awesome price for a good product.
B008VD3M4E Heavy duty all terrain shoe I couldnt find girl shoes in the correct size at any local store that was good for going outside in any weather. Glad to find these.
B008VD3M4E What I wanted for my daughters birthday. She is very happy with them My daughter bugged me to no end to get this boot. She absolutely loves them I might order a second pair as a surprise.
B008VD3M4E Toddler Timbs &lt;3 Love them. So adorable, and also my 3 year old daughter whom I bought them for loves them as well. She says they are comfy so that says a lot simply because she's not afraid to let me know if she does not like something. Perfect purchase.
B008VPU0GK Timberland men's hiker boot I bought these and had them sent to my grandson on the other side of the country.  Although I have not seen them he wore them for the first time on a day hike.  He says they are very comfortable and is happy with them.
B008VPU0GK Just a little tight. They were just a tad tight. Maybe I just have to break them in. I thought they needed little to no breaking in.
B008VPU0GK Why only a 4 star? Because we've only had them for just over a month - too soon to know just yet!  Hopefully soon I'll be able to write an update!
B008VPU0GK Great boots and not too heavy. I do a lot of walking and sometimes running as a courier.  Carrying heavy packages frantically trying to deliver pkgs on time.  I will not wear any other boots.  They are light and supportive which is good for my knees and back.
B008VPU0GK Foot structure makes a big difference in fit and comfort. X hanged for White Ledge Although the size fitted as expected the fit was  of as. Omfort able as the White Ledge due to my foot structure. Otherwise a great boot.
B008VPU0GK Good quality They fit confortable. I guess my only issue with it is that it gets untied easily since it has hooks a the end instead of holes but it might be my issue and the lack of knowledge of how to tie them correctly.
B008VPU1WI I used them on New York's winter as well as on mountain hiking and I like them a lot The boots are very appropriate for any occasion. I used them on New York's winter as well as on mountain hiking and I like them a lot. The price is reasonable.
B008VQI21E Comfy I like the way these look and the way they fit.  My only complaint would be that the toe on one of the shoes wasn't cut straight, but it's not enough to send back.
B008VQPFYG Decent quality, but not fit the suede looks a bit cheaper than online pictures, fits large, didn't want to mess with it so I just returned them
B008VS5S00 1st timer Purchased these for my 7 year old daughter and she loves them.  Can't get them off her feet these days.  She wants to wear them with every outfit to school and on the weekend.  Very comfortable she says.
B008VT2GNG Not a bargain :( The shoes were way too expensive for what the material turned out to be,  I could have purchased at DSW for much less.
B008VT2GNG Danforth Wedge This is my first pair of wedges and I LOVE them.  Timberland products are great.  They're always so comfortable right out of the box.  Quality is always exceptional!!
B008XBJ3E2 A+ all around A+ for price, quality, size and looks. I'm extremely happy with the product. I actually like the fact that the clip does not have a magnet because I believe it's not good to walk around with a piece of magnet in my pocket!
B008XBK6VG Great bag! Fits all my stuff. Durable and looks good. The interior has a nice lining that is easy to clean if something spills.
B008YB8I0Q Fit is so bad I should have returned them. I wear size 10, but not with these! They're so big I've stumbled and tripped many times wearing them, sometimes injuring myself. I've considered taking some kind of tool to them to make them smaller. I can only guess, but if they were the correct fit this would be a 4 or 5 star review.
B008YC6XAM Cool and Inexpensive This Slipper fit exact, i used the chart to get the correct size, it arrived on time it is very nice. i would recomend this.
B008ZBP506 Cool I like the comfort and styling. I have had plenty of looks and some compliments. They were well but should have an upgraded insole. Sorta cheap for such an established brand.
B008ZBPGFU Perfect fit Great buy for the price. I wear mine every morning while enjoying my coffee. I then go straight to the bathroom for my daily BM. Usually it's just the coffee that helps, but with my new Earthkeepers slip-ons, my BM's are allow double the enjoyment.
B008ZBPGFU Great Cushioned sole is extremely comfortable, outer rubber is durable.  footbed is wool, removable for washing.  I hope they keep making these since I'll be buying them again when these wear out one day.  But construction is quality so it'll be awhile.  Only complaint is the piling on the wool on the heel.
B008ZBPGFU Very Comfortable, no itch wool Usually I am sensitive and itch with wool.  These fit very well and look great.  Comfortable with good soles and lining.
B008ZBPGFU Never received....was out of stock despite saying "shipped" I was notified these were shipped and waited for quite some time for a tracking number. I was finally told after contacting the supplier 3 times, that the items were out of stock and they didn't know when I would receive.I hope they are comfortable for other folks...I continue to walk bare foot.....
B008ZBPGFU Better than expected. These are the nicest slippers I've ever had.  Comfortable, size was spot-on, wool interior cool and comfortable and dry, and the heels fold down so they can become slip-ons.  Expensive but will be well worth it if they last a couple years.
B008ZBPGFU great shoe its a tad looser than I wud like but wow its comfy & easy to wear!! I think i'm gonna buy the other colors...lol
B008ZBPGFU greatest all around Besides this specific pair I have 2 other pairs of the earth keeper shoes by Timberland. I'm hooked on these spectacular slip on show!
B008ZBPGFU great SOOO comfortable. My wife wishes they made these in women's. She keeps looking to see if they've come out with a Women's line
B0090JZSMW LOVE IT These Tims did not disappoint. Bought them for my boyfriend and he loves them. Easy to dress down or up.
B0090JZSMW Yes, It worth to get one. Purchased it just with 20% off and it's comfortable shoes, and this is my first time to try a Timberland products. it's complete with and very nice with wordless.Just a little larger so I give it 4 stars
B0090JZSMW I like it excelent
B0090JZSMW I was very disappointed when I first got them I was very disappointed when I first got them. I ordered a size 8.5 and they sent me a 9.5 and then when I finally got the pair I wanted they had looked used and abused. Would not suggest this brand of shoe to anyone whos looking for quality.
B0090K0UK6 I'm conflicted about this product. I ordered this product just for every day casual use.  The slip-ons are comfortable once you get them on, but they are the very devil to put on.  There is zero stiffness to the back of the shoe, so a shoe horn is mandatory to keep from crushing the back.  I admittedly have a very high instep, and I suspect that this plays into the problem.The other continuing problem is the drawstring ties.  I would expect shoes of this type to have rawhide laces, but these do not.  They have round woven drawstrings which could be construed to be &#34;rawhide-looking&#34; ... sort of.  The problem is that they do not stay tied unless you double-tie the loops, but even that only slightly defers the problem.  You can pretty much depend on having to fuss with these laces each time you wear the shoes.These shoes are light as a feather and quite comfortable to wear, but they are not care-free.
B0090K0UK6 fake made in  china they are size 10 and I am 10 and they do not fit,fake made in china so everybody know 1
B0090KDE5Y LOVELY AND AUTHENTIC STUFF Lovely! goes and matches well on my lady..she always like to wear it and it goes with her complexion. Nice 1..
B0090KDE5Y Gorgeous! Just what I expected from Timberland. These glasses offer quality at a great price in a timeless style. These are my favorite sunglasses.
B0090KDE5Y It's not polarized I was very excited about the sunglasses until I found they are not polarized. The sunglasses themselves are good (nice design and good lenses), but the seller shouldn't lie to customers.
B0090NRKD8 Not Polarized These sunglasses are not polarized (as described).  Other than that, they are pretty comfortable and get the job done. I'll be returning these to get something else that is polarized.
B0090NRN5I Best pair of sunglasses I love these glasses.  They don't scratch and they are very comfortable.  They are perfect for what I need and I like them better than the glasses I had been buying for the same price in stores.
B0090NRN5I Returned, cheap blurry plastic lens I returned these immediately, lens may be polarized but they are cheap plastic and blurred my vision so much that I considered them a safety risk while driving.  Also, style is not that attractive, side arms look cheap.
B0090NROH0 New Timberland Sunglasses I am not happy with these sunglasses. The lenses are big enough for two heads. I will not be buying these glasses again.
B0090NROH0 Great look for a low price! I had a different pair of Timberland glasses that had the frames break out of the blue one day.  I liked them so much, I didn't hesitate to buy another pair, especially at this price.  I like to wear these as my secondary pair, particularly when I know they could potentially get damaged, like on a dusty baseball field where the kicked up dirt could scratch the lenses.  It hasn't happened yet, but I'd rather scratch a $20 pair than my nicer $100 sunglasses.  The lenses are on the lighter side, but for my purposes, these are perfect.  They fit good, and the look good.  The red rubber accents on the arms seem like are removable, so I don't know if they were designed to be interchangeable, but the good thing is they really &#34;stick&#34; to your head and don't slip off.  And they're polarized to boot! Highly recommended.
B0090NRP2E good!! &#8226;What size do you usually wear, and how does this item fit?&#8226;How do you use this item?&#8226;What is the material like?&#8226;What should other customers know when considering this item?&#8226;Was the quality of this item above or below your expectations?
B0090X4EJQ Nice slip on shoes took a minute to break in but I love them. Pros slip-on seem to fit okay. Made Well good traction no leaks so far.Cons: seem not quite as wide as I would expect but better than they could.
B0090X4EJQ not as comfortable as powerloungers, but close I had been looking for replacements for my powerloungers, so I was plea a ed to see something from timberland that looked similar. I got them quickly and they are very comfortable, I can just throw them on when I am ready to go, which is what I wanted.  Great shoes. Im going to buy some more.
B0090X4EJQ Not my kind of shoe anymore I used to have a previous model of these and couldn't help to notice a major difference between an old pare and a new one...It's actually a number of features: leather grade, workmanship, and of course, the way it fits. The new pare (which I've bought in exactly same size as I always do for Timberland) felt very loose around the heels. I've ended up returning mine.
B0090X4EJQ The elastic doesn't make for a snug fit. They ... The elastic doesn't make for a snug fit. They slid off my heel. I have flat feet so this style didn't work for me.
B0090X4EJQ Was a Clarks guy I really loved my Clarks Bisbee's, but Clarks stopped making them.  I've have searching for almost 2 years (going through many unhappy purchases) trying to find a nice loafer.  I'll be buying the brown pair as well.
B0090X4EJQ Timberland Men's Mt. Kisco Slip-On Great fit, feels good fro walking.  I'll be interested how long the sole will hold up.  The sole appears to be a light weight material, and doesn't look like something that will last.  But we will see.  I haven't read anything bad about the material. but just an observation.
B0090X4EJQ for dadyy &#32473;&#32769;&#29241;&#20080;&#30340;&#65292;&#24456;&#33298;&#26381;&#65292;&#38750;&#24120;&#22909;&#27604;ECCO Men's Iron Loafer,Bison&#35201;&#33298;&#26381;&#30340;&#22810;Give daddy bought, very comfortable, very goodMen's Iron Loafer than ECCO, Bison much more comfortable
B00911DNDA Timberland low boot shoes Shoes are comfortable and fit well, however there is one drawback to this particular model. On all of previous Timberland trail shoes, the tongue is secured on each side of the lace up area which keeps the tongue centered within the lace up area. Also when laced up through the top holes the tongue is to short and the lace will slip over the top of the tongue and cuts across the top of the foot. That is annoying to say the least  and the tongue will slip off to one side which also is annoying especially when hiking. Would I purchase these again? Not this model that is for sure.
B0091225MO Comfortable Really impressed with the comfort afforded by this shoe.  Spend a lot of time on my feet and there is just the right amount of support to allow sure footing while providing enough give and shock resistence to alleviate overstressing the legs, knees and feet.
B0091BCGAG cool just as i expected .. good quality with best material production .. i am rockin' my earthkeepers YOU better get yours
B0091BCGAG Looks great but I don't recommend it. It arrived in bad conditions!in the back of this shoes I saw some differences, thing like gray line in the left shoe and black line in the right shoe.the botton of it I saw that it was a little bit dirty, honesty I thought, is it  already used and them re-selling it?. since I was mad because it is a gift for my cousin and it arrived too bad.
B0091HKWHY Very positive buying experience Would recommend this seller OVER & OVER again. Great boots sold at a fare price. They kept my toes warn through out this brutal NY Winter,
B0091QISZS Timberland Men's Mount Kisco Sport slip on Loafer, black, 9.5 M US Too rough and heavy for me. I gave it to my uncle.  He needed a pair of shoes.  He appeared to like.
B0091QISZS Not a bad shoe, for a loafer I had another pair of brown loafers, in a different style.  They fit as expected.  These are nice shoes, but they run a bit large.  Has a bit of play, but I'm still wear them.  What i do notice, they are not as comfy as my Front Country loafers. I do notice that they cramp up my foot a bit.
B0091QISZS not enough space for toes The size is ok. Normally I wear a 11m, bought 11.5m for this pair.But there is not enough room for my toes and the leather is too hard.It's a torture for my feet. Not wearing it anymore.....
B0091QISZS Kind of cheap materials in addition to the shoe was very large.The materials seems very plastic type, kind of cheap. definitively not a good fit.
B00943JQVI Beautiful luggage set! Set provide appropriated luggage size, looks pretty well manufactured, strong handle, ,many grips front and aside. Amazing design.To make it perfect, recommend darker colors available (easy to notice dirty), and the most important, add more 2 wheels on it!
B00943JQVI Husband loved this for our vacation.  Very light weight and packed a lot of clothes.  Rolled well and tolerated baggage. See above.  Very light weight and packed a lot of clothes.  Rolled well and tolerated baggage handling well.  Thats all
B00943JQVI Will update first set that was shipped-clearly damaged during transport, had a hole stabbed through it that went from the outside box and all the way into the largest bag. Amazon shipped a replacement set that arrived in two dayssecond set- this one was Timberland's fault, stitching on the medium bag was messed up and separating, starting to unravel. again, amazon shipping replacement and willing to work to get me the new set without issue.will update if the third set isnt messed up and i actually get a chance to use it-I got it final set. After one use the main bag broke a seam on the top corner. While this sounds bad, I will say that the bag weighed 86 lbs and it went from RDU in NC to Marco Polo in Italy so it wasnt a short trip. With that in mind, I'm still pretty disappointed in Timberland but I am going to give them a call and let them attempt to redeem themselves
B00943JQVI Great luggage Lots of room for all your belongings and souvenirs, light, easy to carry, very stylish appearance, holds up very well, survived multiple airline handling
B00943JQVI As expected very nice Timberland...^^ Timberland Luggage Twin Mountain 4 Piece Wheeled Duffle SetGood Delivery...Good Quality...Reasonable Price...I'm very well as I am.As Timberland is a trustworthy brand, I can recommend this luggage to you.For your happy travel...Thanks.
B00943KK8Q Really well-made and well thought-out I bought this piece of luggage for my husband to take on vacation. I was looking for something long enough to stick his tennis rackets in so he could check them, but not so big it would tip us over into scary-overcharge land. This was great. It has two distinctive halves so it's easy to organize. It's soft-sided and quite light, but it has enough structure not to bulge  if not packed carefully. This sounds like a silly detail, but we really appreciated the two extra handles- one on top, one on the long side, and two in front. This meant it was real easy to grab when loading into a car, etc.It rolled well and didn't tip forward when standing vertical (this is a roller, not a spinner, so it tips backward when it's being wheeled).They call it a wheeled duffel, but I would call it a suitcase because it's not just one giant bag inside.Meanwhile, I was stuck with our old rolling duffel, which bulges, tips over and is a pain to move. Next year, we're getting another of these!
B00943KK8Q worth every cent! Its big, great buy for this price! It worth every cent! It is original and I love it! And it came pretry soon.
B00943KK8Q good product Nice looking outside, spacious inside. Used it for last flight travel fully stuffed. However, to reduce the wear and tear to the beautiful outlook, I recommand to pack lighter stuff as check-in luggage.
B00943KK8Q Good Value but not top quality The MSRP on this luggage made me think it would be comparable in quality to Burton or North Face.  Now that I have it I can tell you that the hardware is mediocre maybe lower.  Fortunately I'm traveling less and don't expect to need really rugged gear, it is pretty light,has good volume and I think this will last me for a long time.  So for the money it was an OK deal and I've decided to keep it if I had seen it first I'm pretty sure I would have spent a little bit more for a top quality bag instead.
B00943KK8Q Great luggage I have a set of 4 of the Timberland luggage. This was purchased for my husband who travels extensively.  It is extremely durable on planes, and easy to spot at the luggage claim.  Storage room and pockets are well designed, as is the shoe bag inside,  pretty nifty.  This piece is very roomy while smaller pieces have a lot of separate zippered storage compartments. Good for us women.  Outside fabric is super durable.  I like thie adventure-sporty look.  It is a pleasure to use.  I would recommend it to any person flying a lot. So far, this luggage is looking to outlast my other sets of  name brand  ones.
B00943LHJW Great product! Recently used this luggage for the first time on a domestic trip.  It was easy to pack, has several zippered compartments and was easy to maneuver.  I especially liked the way you can pack to upper half of the luggage separately. It has a zippered mesh cover to keep things in place.  The seams, frame and zipper seem very heavy duty and yet its still light weight.
B00943M2F0 Returned This bag looks attractive but was not roomy enough for my needs. It also had no side pockets for my iPad. I like side pockets to grab my iPad quickly. I returned it and got a refund.
B00943M2F0 I really like this bag It meets my needs for 1 to 3 day travel.  I replaced an older rolling bag and am glad I did.
B00943M2F0 Should have bought a 20" It is a good, well made suitcase, but unfortunately it just doesn't work for a carry on for all airlines.
B00943M2F0 So nice I ordered it twice I have been trying to find the biggest bag that would meet the maximum size restriction for a carry on for AirTran.  I have ordered and returned several different suitcases.  This one has been one of the best so far.  The handles seem very secure the straps clip and pull down and seem stitched very well.  The zipper is a larger zipper which also appears strong.  Overall very pleased with the bag.  I have the cocoa brown and orange and was pleased with the colors.  My wife does not like wheeled duffel bags, however after she saw this one, I ended up ordering one for her.  I paid 77.00 going thru amazon to buy from e-bags with free shipping. We have only taken it on one trip so far.  If wheeled duffels are not for you we also picked up Ricardo Beverly hills 2 pack of luggage for our kids from a Costco store. 49 dollars for a similar size suitcase that came with a handbag. I was pleasantly surprised with the Ricardo luggage which was 10x better quality than a 39 dollar travelers choice suitcase that only lasted us one trip.
B00943M2F0 Top Quality at Great Price This suitcase is of the same quality or better than the much more expensive carry-ons that I had purchased before I saw this one on Amazon at such a great sale price.The handles are strong and comfortable to use and all the materials including, thank goodness, the zippers, are top quality. I particularly like that it opens into two sections so that you can separate clothes into the top and bottom giving easier access and organization (you don't have to plow through everything to find what you want). The taller shape allows a suit to be folded into it while still being overhead bin friendly. The total dimensions are actually about an inch smaller than the maximum allowed for carry-ons, which I find reassuring -- it can bulge a bit without having to be checked (although the quality is so high, I think you could check it for years without damage.) Great product.
B00943M2F0 Sturdy and compact Traveled throughout Europe with just this bag as carry on; very sturdy  Rolls efficiently over cobblestone streets, holds an amazing amount of stuff but compact enough to fit on European airlines.  Nice compression straps.
B00943M2F0 Convenient Size and Weight Very light and maneuverable, good size for a 3-4 day trip where you don't want to pay to check a bag.  Four padded carry handles for lifting into overhead bins but could use a combination handle/stand on the bottom.  Collapsible handle is long enough to avoid having the bag hit your heels when walking through airports.  The outside pockets are a little small and there is no dedicated pocket if you regularly like to carry a laptop on trips.  I liked the bigger outside pockets better on my old ebags Weekender but I wanted a rolling bag and prefer the duffel style with the additional outside compression straps.It is October and I just took my first trip with this bag. Although it held up well, easily fit the overhead compartments and carried the amount of clothing I expected, the lack of sufficiently large outside pockets was very inconvenient, especially when items had to be removed from the interior to be sent separately through security.
B00943M2F0 Great for the Younger Crowd Very, very well made.  Light and easy to carry.  But, the colors are not exactly as shown and the style is a little too much for a man my age...personal problem.  No complaints about the bag itself. Will hold up a long time.
B00943M2F0 Timberland Luggage 22 Inch Wheeled Duffle, Cocoa, Wasnt a duffle; no diferent than any other 22 in. carry-on, except other 22 in. carry-ons have MUCH MORE room; this unit had very little rrom & few additional zippered pockets; that being the case, this unit was VERY well made & wud b IDEAL  for someone who wnats a light weight carry-on or overnight bag ~
B00943M2F0 Good luggage The luggage is pretty good, the best thing is it fit perfectely in the aircaftt bin, I used in more than 3 different american flight companys and its dimensions are perfect.The only bad thing is that in its button (near to the wheels) the the luggage is fraying faster than it should.This luggage would be the best if it has 4 wheels.
B00943M2F0 Sturdy and compact Suitcase surely is not very easy, but I liked it. Reliable, high-quality, comfortable. The roomy, although the size is not big!
B00943M2F0 Pleasantly Surprised Purchased this duffle for my boy scout son who was traveling on a high adventure trip where luggage size was to be kept at a minimum. Dimensions were just what we were looking for but I was extremely skeptical about the size when it arrived. Loved the look and various handling options so decided to keep it and started packing.  I was amazed that we were able to get a weeks worth of clothes (mainly summer beach wear) as well as compact camping supplies all stowed away easily inside. Agree with others that the handle does interfere with inside space but he rolled his clothes rather than folding and put them all in the top compartment and used the bottom for his camping supplies and shoes. Bag traveled great and easily fit in the airplane overhead bins.  He has used since for another airplane trip and it did really well.
B00943M2F0 Not adequate There are plenty of airline carry on bags out there. This one is not one of the winners.Positive: attractiveNegatives:* Too narrow: Airlines allow bags to be one inch wider than this one. When someone is not checking any luggage and depends on the space in their carry on bag to carry everything, any lost space is a negative. Note: In  general, European airlines will accept bags meeting US regulations. Euro airlines do care about weight (10 kilos max) much more than US Airlines.* Angled sides: Most carry on bags have vertical sides to maximize space. The sides on this one are angled inward, thus wasting potential space.* Leaks in a heavy rain: The fabric allows some water to pass through in a heavy rain, getting everything inside damp.* Lack of usable outside pockets: Most carry on luggage has outside zip pockets that will hold at least an iPad. This has two small outside pockets that are not very useful.* Mediocre wheels: The wheels do not spin as well as with some other bags.* Lack of a bottom handle/stand. Most of the time, this bag will be put into the airplane luggage with its wheels out. Consequently, pulling the bag out of the storage rack can be awkward. Most other airline carry on bags have a bottom handle/stand.
B00943M2F0 Timberland Luggage The best carry on.It is extremely lightweight and fits It fits easily into the overhead bins on domestic flights.
B00943M2F0 Great lightweight bag Great bag, lightweight and holds a lot, be careful to always snap the bottom snap though or it will snag
B00943M2F0 Great Bag! This bag is perfect size for carry-on. No more checked bags for me!I will say you need to pack carefully as this is not an oversize carry-on. I wanted a bag that didn't raise any eyebrows at the security gate, this fit the bill perfectly. It also has no PVC materials which is outlawed in Cali. and is a hazard to your health. I had to send back another bag because it smelled like chemical/pvc for days.You won't go wrong here!...Try it! you'll like it!
B00943M2F0 Very good This bag is super light and well made.  Fits in every overhead compartment I have used it on.  It is slightly smaller than some, so it doesn't hold as much as the bigger bags.  It has a business/address card holder on the back that tore off on day one, but the rest of the build quality is very high.
B00943M2F0 Carry On-Board suitcase I love this suitcase. It is the prefect size for any traveling you may do that is anywhere from a long weekend trip to travels that are 14 days or longer and you don't want to check your bag. It fits perfectly in the over head storage. I really love this suitcase. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a rugged bag for outdoor traveling as well as any traveling where you will. Be flying for business or pleasure. It has plenty of compartments inside & outside. Plus it comes with a tote bad that comes it handy should you need something to use for your accessory items if head to the beach. Or need a tote if you are on a cruise and going on an excursion @ one of the ports and what to take a few things with you. Such as bottled water, hat, light sweater/jacket when you need to layer clothing as etc. I recommend it to anyone looking for a sturdy suitcase that will last forever and is the prefect size for any travel requirements.
B00943M2F0 Perfect Desing, Quality, Size, Usage they all perfectwith this price having that quality is very nice.If you need something like this. I think this one will cover all your expectations
B00943M2F0 Timberline carry on works fine Good qualityA little hard to pack - its longer but more narrow than most carry ons.Would have like larger pockets on the outside.
B00943M2F0 GOOD very nice,so beautiful,Ilove it very much,I want to do it by tour.Thanks Amazon ,I will be back agian,to buy something.
B00943MZ3Y Good material and contour I found this bag at Ross for 20 dollars. The bag is very flat and hugs close to your body. The material is very light weight.  The whole bag is water resistant including the straps. The zippers are easy to open and close. Overall it's a very practical item that I use daily.
B00943MZ3Y Good Bag for the Money Well made and very serviceable. You can pay a lot more but probably cannot do much better in terms of value.
B0096NTKTE splendid Fantastic foot wear, fit as expected, exotic look, get heads turning for you when u pass.love this shoes.another timberland class
B0098X5D98 No 9B ? This shoe seems to be available in EVERY size except 9B.  True or is this an ad programming error? I'd like to wish for it soon.
B0098X5DAM Squeak but comfort outweighs it I love these shoes.  The squeak though all the time.  Very comfortable and high quality.  Hopefully they will make them to squeak less.  thanks.
B0098X5DAM Timberlines pro ? Heavy shoes , I am not quite sure  about them , they make my feet very hot , I am trying to get used to them , I have worn them 3x  !
B0098X5DAM A bit large and heavy for summer desert wear I live in Las Vegas and the summer heat is oppressing. These shoes are a bit to heavy and hot to wear during the summer even with a loose fit. They're ok though, and I may be able to wear them during the cooler months. Based on my experience, expect a slightly loose fit.
B0098X6KEU Calllous alert I started to wear these shoes to work, and they felt fine at first.  But, lo and behold, I now have two callouses on my pinky toes and I am not able to wear them anymore.
B009DL0YD0 Be Careful! The back part of boot is badly designed. It cut the back part of my ankle after a few steps. Had to cut the back part off with a saw cause the material was too thick. After that they worked fine the shape of heel support held easy foot pain. WISH THEY CAME IN CLOGS!
B009DL0YD0 Well made; a little less comfortable than expected. Well made; a little less comfortable than expected.  May need to be broken-in for a week or two.  Hoping for a little improvement.
B009DL2P6Y Nice shoes but the heel is as high as it looks in pic I ordered these after my braggartds blew out and the are great they come in wide so I was excited and they fit well other then the heel is very high
B009GIRFAU Love it! It's beautiful and perfect. I love the colors. It's better than just a black bag. I picked mines up at TJ Maxx. For 79.99 I'm getting ready for a week long trip for my husband and I. The luggage is big enough for the both of us. I can't wait.
B009GITLIY Versatile & Durable as we dragged it around the Baltic Bought this for our (just completed) Baltic adventure (Finland, Estonia, Russia).  Was the perfect size for one person on a two week trip.  Held up well, was easy to drag around trains, planes, and ferry's.  We've been happy with previous timberline luggage, and I plan to buy a second one of these.  Note that it is a cloth exterior.  Very durable but it does pick up marks, especially from airline luggage handling.  So if you want something that will remain pristine-looking, this may not be right for you.
B009GIXI6U Fits International Carry-On Overhead Bins I love this thing! I bought it last year, after struggling to find a carry-on spinning luggage that would fit the overheads of international carriers. International carry-on limits are a LOT more strict than domestic carry-on limits. This little thing fit the bill! It's roomier than I expected, with various pockets inside. The spinners are smooth and work well on different terrains. It's also pretty stable and doesn't wobble when wheeling it around. I wish it were a little lighter, compared to other spinners out there, but the compact size makes up for it. I packed for 10 days in this thing, and still had room for souvenirs (this will only work if you're a light packer. Otherwise, this might only be good for a weekend for some people).
B009GIXI6U Durable and nice luggage at a great price Love the luggage we got.  We bought the entire set and then just bought another check-on size bag to add to the collection.  It is great quality and rolls nicely.
B009GIXI6U Quality Bag My husband first bought this bag, and then I became extremely jealous of its awesomeness and had to purchase one myself. It's practical, light weight, and high quality. Its large, open, main compartment allows for a lot to be packed into a seemingly small bag. The front pockets are great because they don't stick up off the bag, so they don't get easily caught in overhead bins. My husband likes that the top zippered pocket goes all the way down. We have a bag in each color. Both are very nice. The wheels on this bag are incredible. They zoom over all kinds of terrains!
B009GIXI6U Not as rugged as I expected from a Timberland brand. I'm comparing it to a Ricardo Beverly Hills bought on sale at Macy's, for about the same price.The Ricardo was sturdier and plastic piping all around the seams, the interior lining was much nicer.Over all Timberland's serves it's purpose. What I like about it is that there's only two exterior pockets, I like simplicity, I don't like digging around multiple pockets.
B009HZDHXQ Great sunglasses I got this at a bargain price, so I expected some defects on them, but I didn't find anything wrong with them, except that they didn't come in a Timberland's box. I also expected to be bigger, but they are more like medium size, like Police sunglasses, which is a good thing. Light and sharp-looking.
B009HZDHXQ Sun Glasses Just as advertised. It took about a week for them to get here and they had very small crack on the top of the lenses but I really wanted them
B009NOZ6PS Fits well, little too bulky Exactly as described. However little bit bulky. Looking forward to test it in -40c in Kazakhstan. Will update further when tried.
B009NVEA9O Soft, comfy, good proportions for me Not to be too subtle here. . .I like pants with decent crotch room.  These have it; the fit is good all over but the main thing is, they don't ride up and castrate me.  The other thing I've noticed is how much softer they are than my other khakis, which is nice.  I have two pairs and am waiting for the third color to show up in my size.
B009NVEA9O Love these! These chinos are of substantial weight material, are well and attractively sewn and most comfortable. Ordered extra pair as back up! Best chinos I have gotten!
B009NVEA9O Weird pant leg opening but comfortable The pants fit rather large on me given the size. I have other Timberland pants that do not behave in this manner. Plus, the opening of the leg at the bottom of the pants have this strange trim...Looks like its meant for some hiking or outdoor activity with large boots. So for that purpose, good.For every day wear, large in the waist and crotch area and the legs are very baggy. Again, maybe this was made to wear thermals underneath with large boots and thick socks. Kinda feel and look like ski pants.
B009OL2L94 Take heed!! But there is a seam in the boot where two section are stitched together that hits right at your ankle and takes all the skin off...I wore them once for about 4 hours and they look like they have been worn for a few weeks :-(
B009OL2L94 Lady Timberlands are Cool! I purchased these Timberlands for my 17 year old.  She was upset that I didn't order the male style.  But when they came in she loved them, she gets nothing but compliments, and she is the only one at her school that has this style.
B009P75AQI Okay for this price It is so hard metal frame and squezzing my face a lot. I hope I can fix it a little. It's worth is 20 dollars not more.
B009PNJW5C i dont know is it  also avaiablre if u let it order  to another country like germany becausevthis kinda brand is not even supported here at all i dont know if i can really get it or not .
B009PNJW5C Love It I brought these shoes for my boyfriend and he loves them. They are different from the regular wheat Timberland's and easy to clean.
B009PNJW5C Love the scuff proof Exactly what he wanted and loves the fact that they are scuff proof. He hates scuff marks! Loves the boots
B009PNJW5C durable!!! super comfortable, took them to different events and have to say they have held up great, and the cleaning is a breeze for anyone that the suede peanut butters your going to love being able to clean off the scuff marks with out any damage
B009PNJW5C I like my Timberlands Best pair of Tim's I've had in a long time, No more worries about them getting dirty.  I just wipe them off and they are like new.
B009PNJW5C Three Stars Thiss boots doesnt come with a lugage pack!!
B009R8KH18 Big difference Bought it to replace my worm original tomb pro insoles. Big difference. My feet are not as tired as they used to be. I wear timb pro pit bosses steel toe for 10-12 hour days. Tried different brands and they were weared down witching 2 weeks. Worth buying it.
B009R8KH18 Good, but not perfect These are adequate inserts. As with many of the other reviewers, I took out my old insoles, traced the shape onto the new ones and they fit.One thing I do not like (and this is the reason I won't buy this one next time): The fabric on the top of the sole grabs my socks when I insert my foot into my shoe. It does not allow my foot to easily slide into place. Other than that, they are adequate, but not great insoles.
B009R8KH18 timberland pro Made my day. Fits. And feels great. Just trace it and cut it out and your done. Buy one now
B009R8KH18 Just what I was looking for Setup was a breeze, I used the older inner sole to trim a bit of the edges and into my work boots in just a few minutes. It was an instant refresh, has helped me thru the day with foot fatigue and they stay in place. I will get another set for my other boots.
B009R8KH18 Great insoles. Finally an insole that fits my timberland shoes the way the origionals do.  They were exactly what I was expecting.
B009R8KH18 Good enough Comfortable, easy to trim, basic, simple.  Not much else to say. They are OK. Thank you for reading this review
B009R9EJ3E An ok insert for the Greatest boot ever The insert is just ok.  I love the anti fatigue technology of Timberland but the insert alone can not give another shoe the same feel.  If you want an insert for a different shoe try something else.
B009R9EJ3E Great replacement inserts Had to trim to fit, but that is expected.  Just lined them up with the old ones, and cut with scissors.  My old pair is almost as good as new now!
B009R9EJ3E Good insoles Love the technology by timberland. I had one before and loved it. Wanted to buy another insole for my other shoe. Was bigger than I expected. Require quite a bit of trimming.
B009R9EJ3E Great Insole, good price These were $24.95 which is 10 to 15 better than the superfeet insoles I've used in the past.They're great, good support and cushion.  The only unexpected things was the thinkness, I'm pretty sure these were made for boots, but I put a pair in my running shoes and a pair in a set of loafers I have and am quite happy (after the loafers stretched a little).Install was simple, take them out of the package, put your old insole on top of it (lining up the heel) and cut the front part to match your shoe...pretty standard.
B009R9EJ3E Excellent replacement insoles These insoles are a bit large, but they do say on the box that some trimming may be needed. Other than that, they work wonders on the shop floor during welding operations.
B009R9EK6A They were too large as expected bur difficult to trim ... They were too large as expected bur difficult to trim to fit. Other types I purchased had cut lines to down size witch this style does not so I cut one wrong and had to trash them.
B009W9HGN4 Not as i imagine The leather actually good, i thought the pattern are real from the picture, but it's look like painted when i got it.
B009XEYBTA Great modern loafer These shoes are exactly as you'd expect - very comfortable with a relaxed look.  It feels like you're wearing slippers.  I'll definitely need to order another pair.
B009XF0GJ8 i love it because my wife's foot size eu37, and they fits very well. quality for me is high, and it costs in Russia twice more.
B00A2BHVK4 my best experience hey what you think ! i order this amazing wallet for the fathers day i thought it is the best gif to my father the SELLER has it more cheap that the real price! i bought they place my order and now everybody around my family cant believe the gif i did
B00A4EPQF6 worth every penny Good quality leather, lots of pockets for credit cards, just the right size and not bulky at all. Highly recommended.
B00A4EPQF6 GOOD SO FAR i like it. quite spacious. although i had to neatly cut away the extra pouch it had inside with a small sharp scissors.
B00AAPHB2U Great look The dark brown oiled leather looks great, and the construction and finish are top notch. The rugged soles also provide solid footing on multiple surfaces.
B00AAPHB2U Great Waterproof Comfort Though I was a little concerned when they arrived and were a size 11.5 W instead of the D I thought I had ordered, they fit well and look great with my uniform. I drive charter bus and we are stepping off the bus in all kinds of weather, but Timberland has me covered. Dry feet are a must to stay healthy.
B00ABN8YVS ARE YOU CRAZY Okay why is this person selling an old Timberland boot for almost $300.00 dollars. Does it have 14K gold. I was about to buy it which I thought it read 29.93 which is 293.00
B00AH8FPS2 only from timberland a classic boot from timberland, with new additions. but the only unlike will be differents options before buying. overall i like it!!!
B00AL2OQ16 Sturdy, good interior design This wallet features good workmanship and sturdy materials. The interior layout is useful. The rough finish of the exterior fabric adheres to the inside of my pocket, adding a little security.
B00AQLQ05W beautiful boots I bought them for my 13 year old daughter. They are a little more than is written in dimensional grid of this shoe. But it's even good as daughter is still growing. Boots very high quality stitched. Brown as in the picture. I can not say how they behave in a sock because it is winter and have to wait for spring, what would check it out. Timberland hope will not fail! My daughter loves them!
B00AQLQ05W fantastic These are so comfortable and durable and these are wonderful for people who are always outdoors and who have and exciting personality!
B00AQLQ05W Fabalously Timberland I bought these for my 9 year old daughter that it very particular, not just about the fit, but also the look of her footwear. These are her favorite by far!! The leather is of great quality and they just look absolutely fabulous on...especially with a pair of leggings!!!
B00AQLQ05W Great looking boot, however not the quality I expected. My eight year old daughter loved the look but not the quality. On her first outing, the zipper jammed up and broke. She was very disappointed and told me to send them back.
B00AQMAYCG Big hit My daughter (age 11) is rather picky -- she wanted some very plain basic boots without any decorative features, and I wanted good quality construction.  After searching high and low through San Francisco stores (and trying a different brand on Zappos which we returned), we ordered these suede Timberland boots in black.  They've been a huge hit!  She wore them consistently during our recent spring break trip to the East Coast, and they were warm and comfortable.
B00AQMB9O8 durable boot had another pair that wore out, my granddaughter loved them so much I was fortunate to find these. they seem very durable.
B00AQMB9O8 Not a sturdy boot !! Well I bought them in a 1 1/2 and by time my daughter came home from school they were all out of shape !!!! IT WAS HER FIRST TIME WEARING THEM...
B00AQMB9O8 Adorable! Love these boots for my daughter! They are absolutely adorable! I receive compliments on them every time she wears them. I have no problem fitting them over skinny jeans & according to my daughter they are comfortable.
B00AQMUU8E good design very happy with the accomplishment of buying shoes comfortable design ideal for kid friendly was what I wanted my child will look great
B00AQNPMGS My Boy Loves These Shoes I ordered these in a size 3 for my 10yr old. They are adorable and durable! I started to only buying Nike when Skechers Reebok LA Gear and all others fell apart. These shoes are about $20 less than I'd pay for Nikes and just as good if not better! Timberland is also more Earth friendly, great deal!!
B00AQNPMGS Adorable Colorful Boot! Timberland was very creative in the design & colors in this boot. My 3y/o son absolutely loved them & looks foward to wearing them as soon as the weather permits.
B00AQXGUAK gave them away.... did not like the fit of these at all. i expected a comfortable fit, but its kind of tight around the arch. i also didnt like they way these look on my fet.
B00AQXGUAK So So quality I expected better quality, esp paying over $60. It canvas but feels thin & sorta cheap. Ive bought other Timberland summer shoes & loved them but this one may be sent back for refund.
B00AR1VI30 i was not happy The boots was push in at the side and had a little scruf on the top,but I don't wanna go try the trouble of returning it.
B00AR1VI30 GREAT SHOE FAMILY LIVES IN MID WEST AND THIS IS JUST A AWESOMESHOE. IT REALLY HOLD UP TO THE COLD. TRUE FIT
B00AR1XL2G Great boot Timberland makes great products. I got lucky with the fit and my grandson had to wear them home on Christmas day. The leather os nice and they are sturdily built.
B00AR4HHNW Greatee Timberland always fit to my expectations . Great!! My grand girl loved them..I loved the workmanship..see you again real soon.
B00AR4HHNW Very Bad Workmanship I am writting with regards on the boots that i bought. I was so surprised to see the workmanship is so bad. There are few scratches, side of the sole is dented, oil marks on most part of the boots, glue marks can be clearly seen everywhere. Its totally different from what i see from the picture. Very disappointed.
B00AR58UIC eehh I like how they look but my daughter was  complaining on the boots  pressing up against her feet. I felt bad when I saw the scar these boots left her.  :'( ...  laces are very thin too.  always comes undone.
B00AR58UIC timberland boots I Recieved My Boots Very Promptly Only Problem I Had Was They Were a Defective Item. My Right Boot Looks As If It Should not Have Been Even Sent out from where ever there made at because the right boot didnt have any color along the bottom of the entire right boot. They dont send a label so u can send them back and every time i tried to figure out how to send them back it kept giving me a hard time so i just accepted it as a loss. i took them to the post office but they wouldnt accept them with out a label. i rather buy my shoes from the store because atleast u can look at them. and they had no number to even call to try and work things out, so, i was upset bt its not like that when they take your money right away.
B00AR58UIC GREAT I Love these The fact that they are water proof makes them 10x Better. Cleaning Them Is a Breeze. Great for Little kids But they are kind of wide and kind of heavy.
B00AR58UIC I love my Timbo's I wear a size7 1/2 in women i got a size 5.5 in the big kids size and they fit great i love my timbo's they were shipped as expected and the material is great i will buy a pair for my nephew they are great you guys please get your timbo's here!!!!!!!!!!!Oh and im a first time buyer as well
B00AR58UIC Smh They are a weird texture like a weird snake skin or something and are too big and my legs are small so my feet look huge
B00AW7DJ7M LOVE THIS SHIRT I ordered this for my 5 year old who wears 7s, but going into 8s.  I got a medium.  I wanted it longer for him to be able to grow in to.  This is part of our back to school shopping.  I love the color.  He wears greens well.  I am very pleased with this shirt.  I would say it is average in width and runs maybe a little long, which is exactly what I wanted and was my vision from the picture displayed.  Thank you Amazon for your speedy shipping!
B00AW7M97S Stellar Boots Bought these off of another site, cheaper! I have been eying these babies and couldnt wait for them to go down to a price point that was within my budget.  I bought the Brown Forty ones and they are beautiful.  They have a reddish tint in the leather closer to a cordovan then anything. Sizing to me was pretty accurate.
B00AW7M97S Incredibly comfortable, but not flattering on me I purchased two pairs of Timberland Earthkeepers boots 3 years ago and wear them constantly.  They are still in fantastic shape with minimal care, so I was excited to buy this boot to add to my collection.  The quality seemed excellent and the comfort was out of this world. Sadly, this style did not flatter me - I looked stumpy and frumpy.  (I'm not quite 5'4&#34;, 130 lbs, and have relatively short and muscular legs). These boots are just too pricey to keep when they only look so-so on me.  They were outstanding in every other respect, though.
B00AW7M97S wanted to love these I was super excited when these arrived- only to be disappointed as soon as I saw them and tried to put one on. They are very narrow! I ordered my normal size and I could barely get my foot in. I also didn't like the look once I saw them in person- the toe is way too pointy looking for this style of boot, IMO.  And the leather was sort of crinkle-ly, for lack of a better word. They just felt weirdly insubstantial. I have a pair of timberland brand clogs that I love, but after trying these, I am afraid I am done with this brand.
B00AW7M97S cool boots . Stylish and comfortable.  Moto vibe, a bit edgy without making you look like a punk or gang member. Highly adjustable fit and easy on/off.  Needs a small amount of break in if you make ankle laces snug.
B00AW7M97S A different style for me A man style fore me&#65292;comfortable wearing.Not pain if I walk very long time.Good sell price and be fit for 165CM size.
B00AW7M97S Love it. Stylish, great quality and comfortable all in one Looks very nice with dress, jean, leggings and tights. Very versatile. I bought it before my travel oversea and tried to minimize the packing. This works great with long street walking, rough places and casual occasions. Highly recommend it
B00AW7M97S looks better in ad picture It is not a substantial boot, as expected from Timberland, but reflects the Made in China label.  It just didn't meet my expectations for look and quality.
B00AW7M97S Go up a half size. I loved these on the Timberland website so I google searched for them and I am so glad I did. I got the boots I loved plus saved a ton.
B00AW7M97S Functional and fashionable Great boot! Sturdy, holds up to all types of weather, and stylish. At the price, too, can't beat these timbs!
B00AW7M97S very good I like it&#12290;my wife love it very much&#12290;Very comfortable&#12290;Fit as expected&#12290;I hope it's quality is no problem&#12290;Why limit the number of words
B00AW7M97S everything i expected I'm so excited to start wearing my new boots, I had already read reviews so do go a bit bigger.
B00AW7M97S All season boot It's beautiful in person fits just right and looks amazing on. I can wear them with skinny jean or some damage shorts I love the look.
B00AW7M97S All as expected. Expected quality of the well-known brand. All is well. Claims yet. All as expected.leather, standard qualitylook in the manual
B00AW7M97S Love my Timberland I liked the style and was concerned about the fit when I first saw these boots.  The moment I took them out the box I was thrilled.I have only had them on in the house, planning a trip out of town next week so they will get plenty of wear time.  I wore them around the house with a pair of socks for about three hours and the only reason I took them off was to go to bed.The fit is perfect (I have a narrow foot and a high arch)! and the color looks better in person then it did on line.
B00AW7M97S Beautiful, high -quality boot These boots are extremely well made and comfortable. Between the buckle and the strips of suede, they also have unique details that set them apart from your typical motorcycle boot. Despite the leather and the substantial sole, they are not clunky, either, and were fairly quiet when I walked in them. Though this was not an issue for me, be warned that they are quite narrow. Perhaps they will ease as they are worn more often, but I would advise the wider footed to modify the size or steer clear of this style. Both the brown and the black are lovely (the brown has a lot of red undertones) but I exchanged the brown for the black after deciding black went more with my wardrobe. As usual, Amazon made things very fast and easy.
B00AW7M97S Boots Bought these a size bigger anticipating that my feet will get swollen while pregnant, must say these proved to be a lifesaver, for they are firm and well made, great for the rainy/snowy weather we had this year.
B00AW7RBGC Ouch! The top of these boots cut into my lower calf (upper ankle?) in a painful way.  I can only imagine developing open abrasions after wearing the for more than a few minutes. I returned them straight away. They were cute, though.
B00AW7RBGC Super comfy and well-made Great ankle boots that are super comfortable. Since I do a ton of walking, comfort is of utmost importance. The first time I wore them, I had no blisters! Really well-made and durable; will get me through a few winters.
B00AW8HF9Y Uncomfortable! Nice boot but the ankle was stiff as all get out.  The ankle actually dug into my skin and hurt.  Very stiff and uncomfortable!They appeared to be well made, but I couldn't handle the stiff ankles.
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect I had intended on purchasing a different pair of Timberland's, but when I tried them on in the store, I like these much better.  Plain is good.  They fit my calf perfectly too.  I'm small so someone with larger calves will probably have a difficult time with these.  I actually planned on purchasing these at the Timberland store in Stratham, but when I saw how much cheaper they were on Amazon, I bought them.  Needless to say, the lady at the store was pissy with me because I commented that they were cheaper here.  I do find that you NEED to try on Timberland's simply because each style can vary drastically from another regardless of the size.
B00AW8HF9Y So desconfortable. I think too small. May I change? I don't like it's very desconfortable. If it's possible I prefer change this.
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect I work in a kindergarten. That means sand, water, mud and what ever else young children find/produce/leak! I need footwear that's warm, comfortable, hardy and still looks good at the end of the day because my job doesn't finish when the children go home.The Putnam boot ticks all those boxes. I love them. Usually I'm a solid 38 but having read the reviews I ordered a 39 and they are a match. In my experience they have a rather starched feeling first few wears but soon mold themselves to suit without any arduous breaking in - now they are my go-to boot work or otherwise.
B00AW8J5RE These boots are my obsession I wear them every day. I swear. They are so comfortable and super cool. I get a ridiculous amount of compliments on them.
B00AW8J5RE Boots I bought these for my daughter for her trip to Africa.  She loves them.  They fit well and appear to be wearing very well.
B00AW8JG9G SOOO COMFORTABLE I have never been a boot girl. I bought these because of the reviews and let me tell you, they are the most comfortable shoe I own. I practically wear them everyday and i just bought the brown ones. MUST BUY!
B00AW8JG9G Savin Hill boot a wnnet Love the look and they are comfortable. Was not expecting them to have as much detail but I do like them.
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable quality boots I have athletic calfs, so the adjustable cinch on the side of the boot came in handy! They are very comfortable (spend the day walking Washington DC with no pain), great style, and are well worth the money!
B00AW8JG9G Not Leather When ordering these, I may have mis-read the description and thought they were leather.  Unfortunately, they were not what I expected and I returned them.  Awaiting another pair and I hope these are more of what I have been looking for.
B00AW8JG9G These are great boots! I'm totally happy with these boots.  They fit perfectly and were comfortable right out of the box.  My only complaint is that when tracking my package, I was told delivery was attempted and a card was left, when in fact no delivery was attempted at all.  When I called the post office they said the driver didn't have room in her car and would bring them out a day later.  I prefer delivery by UPS.
B00AW8JG9G Next Week She Has Not Got them yet --  They are Christmas Presents !!  Tell You more next week. After She Opens themBig Bob
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful Quality and Craftsmanship I am quite pleased with this purchase.  I wear a woman's size 11 and I believe I could have taken a10. Beautiful leather and craftsmanship, also very comfortable.  I originally ordered the boots in the tobacco color and liked them so well that I had to have the black.  An awesome deal for the quality and craftsmanship of Timberland genuine leather...and free shipping was a plus. I have given up shopping in stores and being disappointed that my size is NEVER available.
B00AW8JG9G Very Comfortable So comfortable I bought both the tobacco and black.  The low heel and rubber sole were important to me.....they are not slippery like leather soles can be.  I ordered my normal size of 9M and they fit as expected. I have two pairs of Timberland sandels in 9M and the fit was the same. ( I wear a 9.5 in New Balence but only in New Balence )
B00AW8JG9G Thin Cheap Leather for the Price! These are awful...fit was OK but this is not good quality thick leather like described! It's thin leather backed a nylon type synthetic cloth lining. How disappointing...sent them back.
B00AW8JG9G comfy and cool These boots are supper comfy and just cool looking . You can tell they are well made and I can tell they will last long
B00AW8JG9G Love! Wonderful quality, I opened the box the morning I recieved them, put them on then and there, and wore them the rest of the day!
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable and well made The boots have a suede strap on the back that makes it look kind of unusual. It's neither good not bad it's just not very clear in the photos.
B00AW8JG9G Great quality.. i bought these for my daughter.. they fit like a glove and she could not be happier with them.. thank you.
B00AW8JG9G I'm in Love! I saw these boots on the Timberland website and they were all sold out. So I kindly went to my trusty Amazon account and saw them, cheaper than on the Timberland website and Amazon had my size.I received them 2 days later and have taken them off yet. They are comfortable, durable (especially during this Polar Vortex Winter) and cute.I wear them at work and on the weekends.I am thinking about buying another pair just to make them a staple in my foot wardrobe.Great buy!
B00AW8JG9G I love it. Availability is a little long but Skin condition is pretty good and more than. I think they pretty luxurious and the casual.
B00AW8JG9G Love! These are my favorite boots!  The only thing is that I was disappointed they weren't made in the USA.  I guess there aren't too many shoe companies left in the USA.  These are high quality, wonderfully made though and so worth it!
B00AW8JG9G Super comfortable boots! I chose the brown ones but they look darker in real life which is okay and they don't look shiny like you see on here. They are super comfortable. I worn them for 6 hours and felt really comfy in them. I love them! :)
B00AW8JGGE Shipped All The Way To New Zealand We spent $100 to have these shipped from the USA to our home in New Zealand and it was worth every penny.  My fianc&eacute;e tells me these boots are a better fit and more stylish than boots selling for double the price in New Zealand.
B00AW8JL0A knock offs??? Only wore these boots three times and already showing wear. Quality not up to Timberland usual standard which makes me wonder if they are knock offs.
B00AW8JL0A Poky, uncomfy The look of this boot is ok.  The uncomfy part is that they have too much access fabric/ leather by the zipper.  When you zip up, that entire area really pokes and rubs against the arch of the foot.  Too bad, it would have been a nice boot.
B00AW8JL0A Ouch Good looking boots. BUT they hurt. Very hard stiff leather and they are too tight. Don't think I can ever break them in so I plan to return them. Also the rubber soles are thick and clunky. Like tires. I was swayed by reviews that said they were comfortable. Not so for me. I guess I'm too used to soft flexibility of sheep skin lined boots......KK
B00AW8JL0A My Timberland Putnam Ankle Boots are the best I have never being dissapointed when buying anything Timberland.  They fit like they should.  Very comfy.  NO complaint here. Thank you Timberland for making such fun shoes!!!
B00AW8JL0A Very happy I heeded the advice of many reviewers who said these boots run small and narrow. I'm a size 6.5, but ordered 7, and I'm glad I did.When I wore them for the first time, the shafts were quite stiff and rubbed rather painfully against my lower shins, especially when walking down the stairs. But now that they've been broken in after a full week of wearing them at home every day, they are SOOO comfortable!
B00AW8KD8E do not believe this seller !!!!!!!!!!!! I was so happy when ordered this Timberland Ankle Boot 7.5 M US for my sister, because of always trust to Timberland quality but how it could happen ....you send a pair with different fit, one is tight fit another is loose....difference is about 2- 3 cm.I am a man, I couldn't check it myself before send it on October 30 to Kazakhstan/14.000km/ yesterday she received it after waiting about 2 month.....from purchase date to receive date... 29 September-22 Novembergreat gift..can not wear.can not sell...cannot change...cannot return...cannot throw awayunimaginable frustration.I can't describe my feelings. it is awful!.Elite Hero - Amazon MarketplaceNov 22to meDear Alex,I cannot say and I know there is no enough apologies for the troublewe have caused you and your sister.What was intended to be a gracious gift turned to be a bigdisappointment. Feeling bad is an understatementto this and I cannot object to what you are feeling. Please let me goahead and reach our concerned departmentregarding this and I'll get back to you as soon as I hear from them.My deepest apologies once again.Very Respectfully,Rienna R.Elite Hero
B00AY35K1M NOT THE SAME I have the same Timberland Khakis with the same product number and these are not the same. AT ALL! These are very cheaply made. The good pair was made in Bangladesh and this pair was made in Egypt. They Are SO DISAPPOINTING! I am going to give theme to Salvation Army. What a piece of junk.Timberland does this all the time. They come out with a very well made piece of clothing and then they switch to crap and say its the same item. Shame on you Timberland!BTW this does not reflect on the reseller at all.
B00AZ84GQQ Comfort and beautiful These shoes are amazingly comfortable, yet still casual without being too sporty or outdoor. My only concern is the soft outsole, which makes them really comfortable but looks a little fragile. Another detail are the shoelaces, they're made of a material that makes them really resistant but they don't stay tied, so you'll have to tie them a couple of times. Time will tell, but I absolutely recommend them.
B00AZPO1BY Good quality, looks and value Just a bit tight at first ,but wore them around the house for a day or two and they are quite comfortable now.  Look great with jeans cargo pants or dockers.
B00AZPO1BY Slip on classic style mixed with sporty and "eco" features... I wore my Timberland Oxfords to the ground over 8 solid years and I picked these up when I was unable to find another pair of the right Oxfords in stock within my time frame.  I needed Timberland's wide fit for my size and the fit of these held true to my deceased Oxfords.  There are signs that these will scuff easily over time(1 star removed), but for the price and quality of fit, that's a risk I have no problems accepting.  Delivery was prompt and I would purchase through this vendor again.
B00AZPO90W love them!! So happy with these!!  May have to get them in black... I would recomend to any one!!  I am getting lots of great feed back on them.
B00AZPO90W Nice pair if dress boots The construction is excellent:  leather is soft with uniform color and stitching is neat. Appears true to size (at least for the 10D) .The shoe is very flexible. The stitching pattern across the toe forms the "cap toe" which is a dress shoe feature. These are clearly dress boots and not built for stomping across field and wood.
B00AZPOIF8 Assembly problems? They fit nicely. Bad marks for a few gobs of adhesive here and there. The biggest problem is that they make a loud popping noise when I walk. That is not something anybody would want. Something definitely wrong with the soles. They are going back and I will try a different brand.
B00AZPOIF8 Cumfortable but clunky looking Very comfortable and fit as expected. Seemed well made but looked clunky and geriatric. If look is not very important to you this is a good shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 great set of shoes they look pretty snazzy and when they get used enough... they gain some character with scuff marks like a leathery feel. so you can definitely dress them up or down.fit as expected.i really love the shoelaces too... maybe im just used to standard cloth ones but these are really nice with the springiness.i dont know if it's just me but sometimes the top front collapses and kind of squeezes the top of my toes. you know when you walk and the toes are flat on ground but your heel is way up. but ive had that issue with lots of shoes as well.pretty light as well.theyre pretty loud on linoleum when wet :Pi give them 4/5 stars
B00AZPOIF8 exactly what I was hoping to find I have always loved Timberland. I have a pair of serious Timberland workboots from 1993 that are still going strong, that I wore in a professional shop inside and out year-round in Buffalo NY. These plain-toe Oxfords remind me of those workboots. Semi-gloss, low-key, comfortable, good no-slip/no-scuff rubbery sole. A little longer than other brands in my size, but not so large that I need to order the next smaller size. Great for office casual or with jeans. This is now my favorite work and casual shoe. Can't beat them for appearance, comfort and dollar value. I plan to buy these also in brown and a second pair in black, and that is a pretty good endorsement.
B00AZPOIF8 Love my shoes! The service was great, on time and was very happy the size that I received actually fit me. The sizing was confusing to figure out so I guess I took a lucky guess!
B00AZPOIF8 Vamp off paint. I bought a dark brown coupe weeks ago. It's really good if it doesn't lose paint of leather.  Sad for the inferior quality after happy for a cheaper price. I saw white and gray lump at the site of the normal walking is used (upper vamp) after 2 or 3 days only. I don't know whether it's normal or not, bad for me at least.
B00AZPOIF8 Timberland Men's Richmont PT Oxford When cold weather wear very comfortable, the heat a bit stuffy, leather easy to scratch, but I very like this pair of shoes.
B00AZPOIF8 Was the display pair This pair had clearly been the display model as they looked as though they'd been worn. The box they came in had been used for multiple different pairs of shoes based on the numerous labels stuck over top of each other and the condition of the box. This may be why the price was so good.They fit ok but aren't as nice as other Timberlands I've owned.This is what you get when you buy shoes on the internet without trying the exact shoe on in the store first.
B00AZPOIF8 it does not looks new It is new,but looks a little old, may the leather is not too bright. But it is very light, and comfortable!
B00AZPP54Q Great shoes I strongly suggest that before buying this, go to the timberland store to get an idea of the shoe size. Different brands come with different US/UK sizes.  I love this shoe, it has great and nice colors. I bought the leather version because it is cheaper than the cloth one. Same color, same size, but the leather one was cheaper. Well, I live in Singapore and timberland shoes here are not exactly cheap. A discounted item would cost $99 and a non-discounted item would cost anywhere between $150-350. Amazon, on the other hand are selling there beauties here at a unimaginable discount. These are comfortable to wear and they are good looking too!! I would recommend you the leather version cause it is cheaper. Hope this helps!!!
B00AZPPEQ0 Well Engineered Boot Good fit( based on the reviews) that noted they run large.  Lightweight, waterproof and cheap without any negative aspects  that I have discovered.  Have been a Timberland buyer for many years and these like their boat shoes made to a high standard without a corresponding price. Noticed that this American brand was very successful throughout Italy and seemed to enjoy iconic status like Levi's. European friends visited last year; high on their list was factory outlet for Timberland.
B00AZPPEQ0 Exactly what it describes... A nice city-chukka boot with the usual good Timberland quality. The sole is a bit thinner than I'd like under the front 1/2 of the boot, and I wonder about the long-term wear, but the long lean look makes this stylish enough to mix with casual, nicer jeans and even office casual wear during mixed weather.  Stormproof welting, and oiled leather keeps this one watertight in the rain and snow, it also appears to be able to be easily resoled if it comes to that.
B00AZPPEQ0 spent forever looking for these They loosen up after wearing half a day so you have to re-lace constantly. shows many creases in front of shoe and you will need a good leather conditioner to keep them looking decent
B00AZPPEQ0 Highly recommend it. I had worn it on two occasion, once during light rainy day.  It is fairly flexible and waterproof so far as claimed, but would prefer they make future models with 3 laces option instead of 2 now, as it would give me the option to tighten up a bit tighter, as now it seems a bit loose, what that is exactly what I set out to originally. Highly recommend it.
B00AZPPEQ0 disappointed little bit disappointed quality of the material for the price I pay for it I just don't like a I will be returning
B00AZPPEQ0 So comfortable Looks really great and feels so comfortable! Timberland never disappoints me. Not for hiking etc more for looking good. Meow
B00AZPPEQ0 cheap Its not worth the money. Its Glued together and looks like rubber. Dont waste your time and money. No ...................
B00AZPPEQ0 Functional, simple I normally wear a 9-9.5, and I followed the recommendations to order a smaller size, and the 8.5 fit almost perfectly. I've only been wearing them for a week, and complete strangers have stopped me to say they looked good and ask me where I got them.The only complaint I have is that my heels got a little raw breaking them in, but I guess that's to be expected.
B00AZPPEQ0 Timberland does it Again I have many pairs of Timberland boots and wanted something that was a bit less outdoorsy yet had a casual appearance and nearly slip-on fit. These chukka's seemed to be just what I needed.  As usual Amazon did a great job on price and shipping.  Many of the other reviews note that these run big.  They do.  My other Timberland boots are 11.5W and fit like a glove.  Because of the reviews I dropped down to an 11W.  Although normal &#34;Timberland&#34; comfortable I could have gone with a 10.5W.  Be aware of this.  Also note that these are nu-buck and not smooth leather.  Look carefully at the photo.  That means that traditional polish or liquid leather treatments/ protectors will not work.  I purchased a spray-on silicone treatment.  You will also need a suede brush to brush away dirt and scuffs.  Also a suggestion based on my experience with Timberland shoes/boots, the foot bed padding is just OK.  The first thing I always do is remove them and put in Sof Sole Lightweight Insoles.  These take the comfort level from a 4 to a 5+.  The best prices are usually on Amazon.  These chukka's may be a discontinued item from Timberland as I could not find them at their website.  They do offer similar shoes but the price is considerably more than what I paid at Amazon.
B00AZPPEQ0 Bery noce product, watchput they run 1 full nber bigger The boot is very nice, comfortable and good looking. Suede qualitu is good and the look is somewhat informal, not too dressy, you could use it for workDownside is that they run too loose, I don't know why they can' t follow the intermational stamdards. I  8.5 and had to teturn it 2 es go go ok with a 7.5
B00AZPPL7C Decent tims Very comfortable leather. May run a bit wide on the nose but nothing that a pair of insoles or gels won't fix. Very classy looking to go with dress pants, going out, etc. Well crafted considering that it's made in yet another developing country. Note: photo makes the leather look glossy. Actual boots are more like smooth black (ie: Doc Martens.)
B00AZPPL7C Tight instep. Had to send them back. 13 2E was way too tight at the instep. They were nice looking boots.  If it wasn't for the tight instep I would have kept them.
B00AZPQV6C Great Shoe I was looking for a pair of black boots to wear with jeans.  the price and the style were perfect for me. they are comfortable to wear all day. I received these two days before we went on vacation. so I walked the volcanos of the Canery Islands, the shores of Portugal, and the lovely streets of Spain eating Tapas and drinking cerva! could not have asked for a better boot.
B00AZPRQ66 These boots look good but stiff (not flexible) They are decent looking but, unlike the regular roll top 6 inch model which I have been wearing for a long time these are tight around the toe box and after some time of walking my little toe starts to bother me.maybe a half a size bigger would have made the difference.
B00AZPS9W6 price of the same shoes in finishline retail store is cheaper I go to the Finishline retail store yesterday and I found the price of this type was below 100$. But the price presented here is 130$, so I think the price is not reasonable.
B00AZPSY1M the best i love it,  is really good and the size was as i expectecd to be. thank you and im gonna order another one
B00AZPSY1M super comfortable. I am a college professor and these are great because I can stand,move around and be comfortable while teaching.  Amazon wouldnt let me submit because I had not met the minimum amount of characters.  Who knew that was a thing?!
B00AZPUCBM Hot!!! This should be labeled *exclusive*...the red laces makes it standout, it fits well and with every step, people stare. I would highly recommend this shoe.
B00B02THKQ Looks Great! Boot was purchased for wife.  Looks great.  Wife states zipper area at ankle uncomfortable but, may soften once broken in.  Hoping for best!
B00B1JUFQS Beef & Broccoli ...CLASSIC! Timberland Men's Waterproof Field Boots Brown/Green Brown/Green are oh so classic.  I love to see my husband in them with some jeans and a button up.
B00B7FGQDM Precise fit. Precise fit. Very comfy even after long wear. Very stylish looking. Got many compliments for these shoes and they way they look. But takes long to put them on and lace them up.
B00B7FGQDM Manufacturing error! Lots of padding for comfort but the form of the foot is off and I have to walk on the insides of my feet. I'm pretty sure they were manufactured wrong. Needless to say, but I won't buy any type of shoes off this site again.
B00B7FIZ2C God it's heavy OMG it's the heaviest boots i got. and i got some gear shifting trouble when riding motocycles with it.But they are really comfortable shoes,
B00B7FIZ2C would love to give it a higher rating the soul part of the boot is comfortable  but the back part of the ankle area is stiff and keeps rubbing me raw.  had the boots for about 20 days and contacted timberland and was on the phone less then ten minutes and had shipping labels in my email for thier 30 comfort gaurentee  to send the boots back for a full refund.  i am sad that these boots didnt work out for me...ive owned many pairs of timberlands and loved them.  and the company is awesome to deal with. 3 stars just for ease of dealing with the company otherwise it would be 2 stars.
B00B7FIZ2C awesome These are very comfortable boots. I did replace the laces with elastic ones i found on amazon this way i dont have to lace up every time i put them on or take them off as they are a tall boot. the quality is amazing. they also keep a very even temperature indoors and out. the leather is very durable and does need a week or two to break in to flex easier. with the elastic laces the ankle is much more flexible then with the standard laces.
B00B7FJV8O one issue I am currently working right next to Lake Michigan, sub zero tempatures and a ton of snow and ice. So here is my only issue basic traction is a issue Timberland Pro's they really need change. Other than that they are great. Amazon please pass this on. so I added boot chain's.
B00B7GRUKY Style and Saftey Co Workers are always attempting to get me on dress code violations, but then I show them the toe and they're shocked! They fit well, the antifatigue really helps out. All in all a really good looking shoe, especially for the price, and considering what it has to do. Great for the office guys in the factory like me who have to be good to go out on the floor, but also to greet guests and suppliers. great purchase.
B00B7H57J4 Watch out! At first I liked these boots. But after a week of wear, the side zipper blew out. I have had Converse in the past and will be going back to them in the future. Those had a heavy duty zipper.
B00B7H6M8Y csl shopper I have Timberland boots that I love. I liked the look, but these shoes were too big in the heel. I returned them.
B00B7H7M4C Red Hot! Love this shoe!  They were a little stiff to walk in the first shift I worked, but by the third 12hr shift they fit perfectly.  A really good buy.
B00B822FH0 Fantastic! Just like in the picture! It is great when you receive exactly what you expected! The shoes fit perfecty, my husband is a 42 -42.5 in EUR sizing and I ordered a 9.5 which fit him perfectly. The shoes come with a very hard cardboard inside so that they arrive in conditions, no scratches or marks on the leather...and great price compared to Uruguay at least!!! Very pleased!
B00B822FHK Acceptable However, they don't fit as securely as other Timberland dress shoes I have purchased. Actually that is what I was looking for, but settled for these as second choice.Many thanks for the service. Delivery was prompt and appreciated.F. Desmarais
B00B822FHK Not worth the $60, wait until $40 I always wear a 13, but easily could have ordered a 12. Not as nice as pictures. Haven't used shoes yet.
B00B823WE0 42&#30340;&#20080;8.5&#23601;&#34892;&#20102; Bought a size 9 or big, do I usually wear a 42. Have to do is buy 8.5. America is larger.
B00B82677E Good A bit hard on heel which scrape my angle as per others comment but you can improve on the next model
B00B82677E Cuts into Heel The angle of the heel makes it so that the heel digs in constantly. Hopefully it breaks in. Nice and comfy otherwise
B00B82677E Great loafers for men Super deal All I can say is WOW.!!!! The fit is great and I didn't even have to beak them in like a baseball glove. So I ordered both colors black and the dark brown. Thanks for the Super saver I saved over 150.00 vs retail store.
B00B82677E First impressions Like walking on foam rubber comfortable, so far so good. The rear of shoe does dig into the Achilles area, but I imagine some thicker socks should take care of the problem. If you smell the bottom of the shoe (I did it right out of the box, I'm not silly), it smells like car tires--true to their word on using recycled rubber =)
B00B82677E Completely Disatisfied with the service I have received the pair both of them are right size. as I was shipping this to a friend that was visiting US he grapped the package and now I received in Egypt. don't know what to do next. but just want to let you know that I am very dissatisfied with such a service.
B00B82SDYE High quality High quality, well made&#8203;&#8203;, light in weight.My son is happy to wear them.Thanks Amazon for a pleasant shopping.
B00B82SDYE first time ordering from Amazon...was weary..but thought id try it And im glad I did...although shipping took 4 days instead of the two that it was supposed to be..i was still happy once I seen they were what I ordered and they were in excellent shape, also fit like a glove or should I say sock..lol
B00B82ZHB6 Do not get the requested goods. good night, timberland shoes came both from the same left foot, which would be the procedure? waiting for your comments
B00B83W7W2 Very comfortable Super comfortable, amazing how they are soft. They deserve 5 stars but I gave only 4 because esthetically they are no great, but remember super comfortable.
B00B83WJMK Smaller then expected From the picture they ook somehow a little more heavir shoes then they are, I do like them and again the Size 8 is not same of all my previous Timberland purchased in land (and I did about 12 to 15)I still like them
B00B83WJMK Looks great, but very lightly made It's well made, and I like it, but it's very lightly made, including the sole.  I decided to keep it, but I might add a padded insert, or not wear it when I'm going to be walking a lot on hard surfaces like concrete or pavement.
B00B8I9AI6 Very Comfortable These boots are comfortable and stylish. They are a bit hard to get off, I have to do the zipper and laces sometimes, but I also tie my laces very tight. These are exactly what I wanted and are working out perfectly.
B00B8I9AI6 best boot ever Quickly zip in and out with sturdy construction, a nice pull loop and high quality leather. The Doc Martins don't even come close to these from a quality standpoint.
B00B8I9AI6 not like picture For some reason I love the pictures of this boot online, but when I got it, it was an instant disappointment.  Didn't look worth it's price range, nothing premium about it.
B00B8I9AI6 One Star Over elongated toe, minimal cushion and  flexibility.
B00B8I9AI6 But the zipper doesn't stay up I like the boots. They fit well, but the zipper on the right foot occasionally drops. For the price, I would expect the zipper for work perfectly.
B00B9PADWA hellow i want to buy that shoes in size 9.5 (w) or (2e) in red black , and its miss,so men that be available again ? and if i should wait for this ?
B00B9PADWA A bit tight on the first try but fitted snugly after a bit Was a bit tight when I put them on this morning but the leather soon broke in after a couple of hours of walking around. They are extremely comfortable and look great. Another great Timberland pair of shoes.
B00B9PADWA Not quite what I was looking for Fit not so good. A bit clunkier than I expected. I returned them. Not quite what I was looking for. Not so easy buying boots online, especially if you don't have previous experience with the brand.
B00B9PADWA boots are  sowhat large boots are somewhat large and the pull tag is  different from the brown ones...i'm probably just gonna give them aways
B00B9PADWA I've always loved Timberland shoes and boots but.... These boots have a sharp edge around the top that broke the skin on the back of my ankle and bled. It's only two weeks and it's cleared up.  I should be able to wear them again.
B00B9PADWA Comfortable. Convenient. Size as expected. 45 EN for Russia. Leather good workmanship. Comfortable to wear.Bottom worthy tires, thick, non-slip.Very satisfied. Recommend to the Central Russia.
B00B9PADWA Poor Amazon Business Practices The boots are 5 stars.  Great comfort right out of the box, nice looking, easy to slide on and off...everything you would expect from a Timberland boot and I am sure that they will last forever like the other pairs I own.  My beef is with Amazon.  This is the second time they have done this to me when ordering shoes.  If you notice different sizes have different prices and apparently when the price is too good to be true let the buyer beware.  The shoes they are sending have slight imperfections.  They are small and barely noticeable but please have the decency to be honest with the customer and state this in the description when selling them.  At a price under $80 they are still a worth it but they need to inform the buyer that they have slight imperfections.  They also sent me a pair of Johnston & Murphy shoes like this (they have a stitching problem and the Timberland boots have an indentation where the sole is stitched onto the boot).  Both pairs were listed at unbeatable prices, now I know why.
B00B9PADZ2 Unexpected Pleasure I have purchased shoes from one fo the 'outdoor apparel' companies in the past with less than favorable results.  The Timberland boots i recently purchased fit well , after a short break-in period.
B00B9PADZM had these for about 10 months hardly to you find things that are so well put together that you really get more out of them than what you paid for.used these for hiking with my dogsback yard projectsrainy dayssafe to say they have seen a lot of action. I did a minor leather conditioner on them as well as an inspection on them. Just couldnt believe how little wear i found. couldn't be happier.
B00B9PADZM WASTE OF MONEY I haven't had the boots for more than 2 weeks I work landscaping, it's off season and they are already separating I'm not please waste of my money. Buy Walmart boots save yourself 100 bucks.
B00B9PADZM Cheap look and finish. I received my pair today. It is a size 12 so it might have to do with certain shoes not scaling well to larger sizes but the leather is darker and not of consistent color. Almost looks dirty. Also there is a seam running from left to right over the toe area (similar to a toe cap) securing a piece of leather for the toe area. This breaks up the flow of the boot profile a detracts from the overall appearance. The upper cuff is also not finished as expected. It is simply the leather sewn together and trimmed (not rolled). In my opinion the boot in total (at least the pair I received) looks very cheap. Almost like a discount shoe store ripoff.
B00B9PIUS4 there is a defect on stitch there was a defect on stitch so I had to fix itAmazon should check products before shipping and also Timberland should check their products for defectsit is not cheap boots and I waited for better condition
B00B9PIUS4 Great pair of boots. First and foremost: sizing was alright, it fit as expected (with a little room in the front to wiggle mah toes) - mine was a Made In China version, perhaps the asian cuts/sizing ran smaller, as nearly everyone else gave reviews stating that they ran big.Lovely workmanship, design, materials - couldn't ask for more.Heel is good and solid, cushioning is comfortable. Basically an all around exceptional boot, except for one gripe - I live in a tropical climate and the high cut and lack of breathability of this pair makes it a little hot, but that's a worthy price to pay given the trade off for looks.For a boot that's a hundred dollars, I couldn't ask for more. Cheers to amazon for handling the holiday delay issues well.
B00B9PIUS4 Timberland quality but somewhat larger than Pros:Red Brown Leather is as shown in the pictureLeather is firmSole has good grip, thick, and looks durable (time will tell)Not Heavy.  I have worn them about a week and they do not tire my feet.ComfortableCons:Biggest issue is that they run bigger than the size that is marked.  I ordered a 9M, but they fit like a 9 1/2 wide.  I have 3 other pairs of Timberland boots that are 9M and these are wider.I would have given these boots 4 to 5 stars, but the loose fit is disappointing.
B00B9PIUS4 Good looking But the leather too thin and a little bit hard. Although have these problem, but i still love this. !!
B00B9PIUS4 Love them If I could make love to a boot I'd pick these; I'm not that big into 3somes but it'd be worth it.  The hardest part (besides me) would be trying to avoid spoiling that rich leather.  When these boots fall apart I will tattoo their image onto my feet as a montage.
B00B9PIUS4 Cheap Crap The sole separated from the boot on me. This happened maybe a month tops after purchase. Made in china junk
B00B9PJBDC I love this boots I had hip replacement on one side and this boots are relatively easy to get in and out while standing. I wish the pull up loop was attached to the boot at the top and the bottom rather than the way they are
B00B9PM53U Seams are off, maybe I got an ill made pair Its been a while since I've bought a pair of boots & my girlfriend seems to think these would fit the bill. They seem well made, the stitching is tight, & I'll say the shoelace eyelets are really smooth & draw the laces tight very quickly. All looks good for a jaunt through the woods in any weather.Once I slid into them though it was noticeable that they fit about a half size too large. After years of buying 11.5's these will have to get returned for 11's.Whats more troubling though is you can absolutely feel a seam running the length of your foot. Its not super uncomfortable but can only imagine what it would be like hiking for miles. Perhaps I got a bad pair & am willing to give another shot should I decide to keep this type of boot. I may go a level up with the more expensive Chillbergs & will update accordingly.
B00B9PM53U review Came earlier than expected luckily no one stole the package off my front porch. Maybe diff delivery options should be considered.
B00B9PM53U Recommended items Perfect for shopping! Whether hiking shoes are very satisfied with this section from the functionality or comfort, the recommended buy!
B00B9PM56C Pretty good But once I wore them they stretch out so there OK now but wore in NY snow Strom and the salt left the white salt mark hard to come off .caused the suede to stain  just had too polish petty warm would but again thou
B00B9PM56C Im all in These Tim's were better than I anticipated!! They are ridiculously light and super warm! I love the color but the black versions look amazing as well!I'm not a promoter at all either, I bought these because my last Timberland finally fell beyond what I could save with super glue,  if you have the money, go for it.
B00B9PM56C Pretty good boots, the opening for the ankle is a little big. The boot is very comfortable and properly insulated. I used these to walk around the Grand Canyon for a day and they did not bother me at all!The only complaint I have is that the opening for the leg is a little too large, hence the 1 star dock.
B00B9PM56C Terrific booth but not as advertised. Not fully gusseted. Love these boots. Comfortable and well insulated. The only drawback is that the tongue is not as advertised it is not repeat not fully gusseted. The gusset only goes up to the last pull hole of the laces which means that the two eye holes at the top of the boot - the tongue is not gusseted. This is problematic if you're riding a motorcycle or my case a snowmobile. Leaves room for leakage. Be warned.
B00B9PS9VC diffrent looks diffrent looks from the regular tim boots, and very rare to come by some one else wearing the same or similar pier, great for casual outings.
B00B9PS9VC Fit is fine These Timberlands fit fine. I was looking for a new look for classic desert boots and timberland came through with these.
B00B9PS9VC Good fit! Fits nicely and very comfortable. Earthkeepers series is one of the best and this was such a steal! Recommended for those who are on the go!
B00B9PTR0O Good loungers I bought this to use around the house.  For this purpose it works as expected.  They are a little loose.  However,  this just fine for lounging.  If you want to step out into the yard or the patio it will be fine too.  The outside of the shoe is leather.  The inside is cloth.  I would have preferred full leather, in and out.  I think that would have a better fill to it.However, still, it does the job and I am satisfied.
B00B9PXLAG returns the 10 1/2 were to big.....sent them back and receive the size 10 two days later......with out a PROBLEM!!!  I think amazom has changed my perspective about ordering on line..... actually it has!
B00B9PYALU Good WP Boot. Everything you love about the non Wp Gt Scrambles, and a couple things you won't like so much.The durability seems on par as of now. The fit is very good. The waterproofing works well. They are very  comfortable if the weather is cool. When it warms up past 50 my feet start sweating in these very badly. I have worked in 95-105 heat for hours in the non wp version and never had sweaty feet.
B00B9Q14BI The only problen is the thin, cheap, not well cushioned foot sole, I will have to spend another $20.00 for better insoles, so th The only problem is the Thin, not well cushioned insole, I will have to spend another $20.00 new insoles, so these boots are not worth spending a $100.00 or more on, shame on you timberland, how much would have cost to upgrade this feature...
B00B9Q34Y8 Realy confortable Very strong and realy confortable,the size was perfect and its very well done.Theyre water proof and absoluty works ok
B00B9Q5M16 Laces When contemplating the purchase of these boots I read that people had occurrences of the laces breaking.  I thought it was a fluke, knowing that how could Timberland continue to put out a great boot with bad laces, especially considering that the lace runs through the sides and back of the shoe.  Sure enough on the fourth or fifth time I went to tie the shoe my lace broke. With considerable difficulty I rethreaded a new leather lace through both shoes.  These are a great pair of shoes, why doesn't Timberland put in a quality lace??
B00B9Q5M16 Picture looks better than the actual shoe... These shoes look MUCH better in the picture.  The stitching is really bright, the toes are pointy, and the color is sort of uneven - I think they'll look better the more they are worn, but time will tell.  If your foot is even somewhat on the wide side, order the wide -- they fit very tightly at the front, and again, the toes are MUCH pointier than the picture would lead one to believe.  The fat, padded bumper on the back will catch your jeans/pants every time you stand up, so get used to shaking the pants legs down over the back.  Alot.  If I had it to do over again, I would not order these shoes, but I'm only using them to work around the property and for light hiking, so the quality is more important than the looks.  So far so good on the quality front.
B00B9Q5M16 Poor quality of Laces The second time I wore them, a lace broke, and when I tried to remove the broken lace, I found that it was stitched into the channel, and it broke again. I finaly had to take the shoe to a professional repair shop, have the broken lace removed, have a real leather lace put in the shoe, and have it restitched.This is the last pair of Timberlands I'll buy.
B00B9Q5M16 Expected Somewhat Better I had bought the maroon-colored (cordovan?) version first, and it fit perfectly; I was very impressed.  But then I got cocky, I suppose, because I thought that I could get the tan-colored (wheat?) version too. I ordered the same size, but it is somewhat too tight.  Instead of going round and round with vendor, I am saddle-soaping the heck out of them, hoping that they'll give enough to be comfortable for a whole day's wear.  Marginal success so far.
B00B9ROF6S Light Weight Boot These boots are stylish, comfortable and light weight for the Spring. If you are a trend setter than these are a must buy!
B00B9TT2QO great purchase Though these boots areva bit more expensive,  for the comfort they provide,  they are well worth the money.  They are very stylish and durable as well.  The only downside is they fo dvuff rather easily.
B00B9TT2QO (Thumbs up) Order got delayed due to weather...and I still received no later than expected...price was great as well as quality ...no complaints
B00B9U2C7E Because if you looking something here you get Because is more easy and we get everything what we need that's is the reason for wish used this place for shopping is the best in everything
B00B9U2C7E Is Timberland what you expect? Good leather, nice design, needs maintenance, so you don't get  lazy, I got what I expected with one mention they are a little hard to put them on they should attach in the box a tool to make the action easier.
B00B9U2C7E Great boot, comfortable and good looking! My boyfriend wears an 11 in gym shoes and 10.5 in boots and these were no exception. We both like the style, a modern take on the traditional work boot. He got them in wheat and grey and he loves them both. The front panel that snaps was very tight at first, and it was difficult for him to get the boots on because they don't unlace and open all the way down like a typical boot. Hence his only complaint, which is it takes 10 minutes to put them on. I think it's gotten easier as he wears them in, and we both like them alot so it's ok. We did have the wheat pair replaced by amazon because a snap broke after a week of wear. As usual amazon resolves problems like that quickly, for free and with no inconvenience. No problems with the new pair. Love amazon, and love these boots!!
B00BAZ0Y0K nice purse THIS IS my most expensive purse It cost me a lot of money  I like it very much. I will keep it until i die
B00BB2MSN8 Solid Build These shades are solid... the frame is all metal. The rims behind the lens' ensure they won't fall off. I would buy again with a darker lens if I could find a pair
B00BB2MSN8 Better Than In Pictures This item certainly looks cheap in picture but it surprised me to find it is actually really cool. The build is solid and it appears quite high class.
B00BB7BX66 great shoes Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Original Chukka Boot,Dark BrownGood fit,  good quality. it is very light.but it's a litte darkness.
B00BB7BX66 Love these boots I have to say these are probably some of the best I've owned. I had a pair of Timberland Mens Chocorua Trail Gore-Tex before these and the tabs at the top of the Chocoruas annoyed the hell out of me. The laces kept coming out of the tabs but I dont have that problem with the Earthkeepers since they lace all the way up. They are really comfortable, I haven't had any issues with them, and I have fat feet (4e width). They are light but well made. I will definitely buy these again.
B00BCB1K00 this is the Timberlanland's green that I wanted ... I love these shoes one(1) they fit as what I wanted and two (2) they are the name brand that what I wanted also
B00BCJV7H8 Fabulous and functional These boots were purchased for a trip to Minnesota in January and they were a worthwhile investment.  I wore them everyday with various outfits; dressy and casual, and I got tons of compliments on them.  They're a snug fit with wool socks on skinny jeans.  They hold up great though and cleaned off pretty easily.  Definitely worth the money!
B00BCJV7H8 great job I bought it for my wife and she loves them thank .we even went to the outlets and couldn't find them thank u .
B00BCJV7H8 very surprised. Very sleek. Not bulky making the foot look fat. Is well made,rubber sole is nonslip, haven't worn them yet ,but can't wait.
B00BCJV7H8 NOT Great boots. We were sent the wrong size. Sooo disappointed. Returns handled the problem with no problems. Imraan at customer service  could teach a class on how it is done! KUDOS
B00BCJV7H8 Very comfy!! Love them!! Just the right fit, stylish, too!! I was looking for something like these for quite some time!! Can't wait till the weather gets cooler so I can wear them!!
B00BCJV7H8 fit prefect I love this booth is fit perfectly, look good, just want I needed for Chicago weather especially this year, I wear this booth for years to come.
B00BCJV7H8 New York City Pioneers IF, you are a Pioneer who makes 70 hours,plus a month,DO NOT buy,after two or three hours outside,your toes are cold.
B00BCJV7H8 Not too crazy about these boots I have the tiniest feets and all my size 6 shoes would come off while i'm walking so for me to have to buy size 6 1/2 after reading other posts and still find the fit to be still too tight, is ridiculous.  I think these boots were fitted with Vietnamese women feet since they're made there and now women from other part of the world are having difficulty with the sizes. Plus they slip on some wet surfaces, almost broke my neck twice.  I thought they were made for rough areas including snow.PS: I have since returned these boots. They may look beautiful but aren't worth developing bunions and breaking my neck over them.
B00BCJV7J6 TIMBOs CAN'T GO WRONG WITH TIMBERLAND's! THESE BOOTS ARE NO DIFFERENT! THEY ARE COMFY AND RUGGEDLY SEXY!! I'M THINKING ABOUT ADDING DIFFERENT COLORS!
B00BCJVBCY Love it These fit very comfortably and I am keeping them, but my toes prefer a 2E for the most extreme comfort in case you would like to know.
B00BCJVZ3E Carefree Have about fifty hours in them.  Both at work (walking, sitting, hard floor) and yardwork (lawn, branches, planting grass, light mud).  Not too hot, they seem to breath well.  Easy on / off... the side scoops at the top let you two or one- hand the putting on, and i usually push the heel to remove.  Treads are not real aggressive, but good for above.  Both treads and materials rinse off easily and look like new.  I plan on applying &#34;camp dry&#34; to make them even easier to rinse and look like new.  I plan on using them alot in the winter, walk from car to work and back, without changing into shoes.  I suspect a light sock, poly mix, would be ideal if warm feet really bother you.  Buy these for a great compromise of cowboy boot look with shoe performance
B00BCJW35I Very happy with these boots. It is not easy to find substantial, supportive, well-made foot wear anymore.  These are great.  Wish there was a zip option.
B00BCJW35I great pair of shoes good for all around shoe with hint of stylish but still as tough as Timberland Brand. Fair quality and fair price
B00BCJW35I My girlfriend gets compliments on these all the time My girlfriend broke her rule of never shopping for shoes online with this pair of boots, and she's glad that she did. These look better in person than they do on screen and fit perfectly. They're also very comfortable for having heels--really cushioned.
B00BCJW35I Love! Bought these for my daughter who had her eye on them for a while. She absolutely loves them, finds them beautiful, well made and comfortable. Arrived quickly as well.
B00BCJWVSM So comfortable I hate heels and I can't walk in those plastic ones that slip on tile.These are not like that. They are so comfortable I can wear them all day without any pain at all! The heel was a bit higher than I expected but they are so easy to walk in it doesn't matter.These are great for work. I'll never buy cheapo heels again. I'm only getting outdoorsy brand heels from now on.
B00BCJWVSM Best one yet! Love the comfort heel not too high and the string is not too long.  Was the problem with all the others I had tried.
B00BCJWVSM I love these shoes the heel was alittle higher than I expected, but I wore them to the movies and they were very comfortable, no stress on the ball of my toes, not tight, very easy to walk in, I was very surprised as I don't wear this height of heel very often.  I may need another pair, if they come in red, = ).. Great purchase
B00BCJX6TU Made in China These are not real Timerland, they are made in China. They are just a poor imitation. It would have been fair if the seller provided a note where these shoes were maid. In addition, they don't fit well.
B00BCJX6TU Thanks! Just as expected, true to size.  Can't wait for winter to be done.  Looking forward to wearing this sprint. Thanks
B00BCJXLHW Timberland Teddy Fleech Would highly recommend.  Bought these for my daughter who usually wants UGGS.  Timberlands are much more affordable and wear a heck of a lot better.  She loves them.  She is 16 and in high school where unfortunately fashion is a subject.  She is not the type of kid that has to have the latest, she be hard-pressed if she was...however, she is fashion-forward.  She wears them often and receives many compliments.  She has two pairs.  The tan and maroon.  The maroon has a flower inside that shows and the tan above has fleece.  We sprayed them both w/protectant and has had since November and still look brand new.  Would highly recommend over UGGs which fall apart after one season and cost twice as much.
B00BCJXLHW LOOOOVE EMMM I absolutely love my boots! They are just as they look on the pictures. There true to the size. Very warm. The only little thing I would say that was a pro would be that when I fold down the boot after a while it started to rub on the back of my anckles. I am more than positive I just have to break them in. But overall the are totally worth the purchase. Shipping was extremely fast!!! I give it a 5
B00BCJXLHW For active grandmother Bought these for my 80+ year old mother, who walks 1-2 hours a day, rain, shine, sleet, or hail.  She had fallen on the ice last year, so I was worried her old boots did not have enough traction and her favorite tennis shoes were definitely not going to work in our severe winter weather.  Although she prefers lightweight footwear, she says she feels secure in the supportive, tacky, thick soles.  She loves the classic good looks and black color, which matches everything she wears.  She only gripes a bit about having to point her toes to fit her foot and ankle into the boot just so, then taking some time to tighten and tie the laces up snugly.
B00BCJXLHW Worth Every Penny I've never purchased Timberland's before, but I needed to replace my old winter boots so I decided to go with these ones. At the start, the shoe was really tight and stiff, but once I wore them in (took approximately a week), they became super comfortable. I live in Canada so I expected the shoes to take 2-4 weeks to get to my location, but surprisingly, it only took four days. Additionally, the colour of the shoes is LIGHTER than expected. It's darker than the wheat shade, but it's not as dark as the pictures claims.
B00BCJXLHW These are fantastic! I have high arches, but these guys accomodated everything andwith very little breaking in.  And they are PURPLE.  Can you getbetter than that?
B00BCJXLHW Timberland fleece fold down teddy I cannot state how it fits as bought them as a gift but these shoes are treasured all around the world and on many people's wish list I learned.  Hard to find a pair in some countries for under $200.  So glad I finally found a pair I could afford as my daughter has been wanting them for a while
B00BCJXLHW Sturdy! I received these boots in good time, and they are VERY sturdy! You can tell they're extremely well made.They're very warm and they look good.My only complaint is that they're slightly on the long side. I may suggest going half a size down, but it would depend on the thickness of your socks and how tightly you string up your laces. I'm not sure whether I'm going to exchange mine or not. There wasn't any receipt or information on how to do so.
B00BCJXLHW I like it. I like it very much.It fit as expected and the colore looks very well.The price is very ok. Thank you.
B00BCJXLHW SHOEBAY- Sent me two diffrent sizes and damaged shoe! I bought this shoe for my daughter while she was home for Christmas. We received it, but she leaves in two days, and the order is all screwed up. First thing, on the left shoe inner fleece, the part that shows when your roll it down, there is a gigantic, nasty looking stain. It has eaten away the fleece and looks disgusting, like somebody spilt acid on it or something. Next to the stain is blue sharpie stain, so I believe that Shoebay knew the stain was there. On top of that, she tried them on and noticed one foot felt much tighter than the other. The inner slips that came with the shoes said 9 1/2 M, but when she examined the shoes actule inner label one was the correct size, but the damaged shoe was not. It was a 9 1/2 W. Somebody with smaller feet might not have even noticed this until it was too late. I am disgusted with the quality control and service. I have called Shoebay three times, no answer. I am returning these shoes and hope I do not have to pay for shipping. Please pay more attention to detail and the quality of your product! If the shoes were not damaged and the right size, I think my daughter would have loved them. Good luck, and watch out for Shoebay. If we order another pair I will pay the $25.00 extra to buy from a different company.
B00BCJXLHW Great deal & great product I've had these boots for just over a month, but having worn them through 3 DC snowstorms and a week in Montana and Yellowstone, I'm beyond satisfied with them.  They're easy to slip on and off, waterproof, and unbelievably warm in all temperatures.  I got mine in 8W and the width is true to size - make sure to actually measure your foot before you assume if these will fit like a different width.  Plus at $99 they're a steal compared to the $180 retail, or even the backordered-to-infinity L.L. Bean Boots.
B00BCJXLHW Very disappoint Did you call it a brand new boot with that tons of wrinkle around it. I wish I could show you a picture of this disasterYeah I very very disappointIt look like a 2 hand shoe. Then you should sell it with a second hand price!!!
B00BCJXLHW Solid, Comfortable Boots for World Domination Comfortable boots that give the feeling I can do anything, mostly because I can move about very quickly without worrying I will slip on ice or trip over my own shoelace. Also, they can hurt others while protecting me if I place my feet accurately.
B00BCOFJ5O Look Great I really like the way these look on me and for the price I love them. However I highly doubt that they ever sold these for the original first price.
B00BF9PSUC The top of the upper was too short The top of the upper was too short and would bind on the bone on the big toe side.  It hurt!
B00BF9PSUC 3th time this style this is my 3th time to buy this same style, i love it, and it was very comfortable to were, i put one paire in the office, i love to were it when i was woring in office.
B00BQDFSWU Better than advertised It's a great looking watch on paper. However, when I got it, it was a little larger than I imagined and thinner! All in all a great looking watch!
B00BRS0MAW Great design I like all the features of this wallet, especially being able to easily display two IDs.  Would of been 5 stars but the black dye starting rubbing off within a few months.
B00CEZA3I8 Nice duffle Seems well made, looks nice, should be the perfect carry on size. However, the strap was missing from my bag, so I guess I will have the pleasure of reviewing Timberland/Amazon/Randa luggage's customer support...EDIT - Randa's warranty claim process was pretty painless and they mailed the strap with no issue. Bag worked great as a carry on.
B00CS1R2GE need big arches men with large arches and high instep will love these, platform not soft to the foot, hard base. not good for men with skinny feet
B00DG3T6LM Go Polarized or Go Home Timberland Wayfarers are the first pair of sunglasses I have purchased that comfortably fit my nose.  I have, what my wife would say tactfully, as a large bridge.  The glasses fit in the right position, do no slip around, and are very comfortable and lightweight.  I've owned the no Polarized pair and they were great, but it is a whole new experience with Polarized.  Really makes a difference.
B00DYQP7NM Comfy!!! I love thoes shoes! very comfy! very stylish! so soft! Good! I reccomend them to those who walks much! well
B00DYQP7NM not quite These are good for sitting in the office but I do not recommend them for long walks. They leave terrible blisters about a mile in to a walk. I wanted to love them and I wanted to take them on vacation but no way can I wear these for walking in all day. Very disappointed. I may try to have them stretched to see it that helps.
B00DYQP7NM Rubs on my foot They are very stylish, but rub on the top of my foot.
B00DYQP7NM comfortable flat I wear 9 but if you are gonna buy timberland, you have to buy  9,5 that equals 9 in general.
B00DYQRLGS So comfortable I purchased these right before a trip. Wore them traveling.  Loved them-they were so comfortable. I would recommend them highly.
B00DYQVVT6 Great boots! They run smaller than Borns or Merrells, had to go for 9 rather than normal 8.5, and they are a bit roomy. Gorgeous & great for wet spring! Fast shipping, good seller.
B00DYQWBHW LOVE these boots! I bought these as a sort of substitute for the ones I really wanted -- Wolverine 1000 Mile -- since they are about half the price. Although they are not made in the US, as are the Wolverines, I went with these until I can afford the dream pair. However, I may not consider replacing them, at least for a very long time, because I absolutely love them! The things that are great about these boots are the high quality leather and simple, classic design. I started wearing them immediately with no 'break-in' damage to my feet. Highly recommended!
B00DYQWBHW The visual image was what I wanted. I ordered it in spite of the high price because the style is the same as my old ones. The size felt and look larger.I lost $10.96 on returning them.I will never order anything from Amazon where i had to pay for returns.
B00E19BMZ8 it comes with a Casual Case not Timberland case as shown in the photo The case is fine but not as shown , the frame is poorly made the only good thing about it ,is the lenses , i dont really recommending it but for 55 bucks its what you are paying for .
B00E41TU4I Feedback I bought two other pairs of shoes from other dealers, they are fitting perfectly & are a good match of what I know & expect in terms of sizes
B00E41UQBE bad-ass these boots are sick. the first day i wore them several of my coworkers complimented me. they fit great, comfortable, and warm. oh and about some comments that say they're fakes...if you go on the manufacturer website the boots like the exact same (e.g. no logo on the tongue). so it's all good
B00E41UQBE fake Thies boots are fake i can tell you from the pic .First the tongue does not have the emblem, the timberland logo is not centered and it lags and the stitching is off, dont buy these are fake .
B00E41UQBE Timberland boots - my third pair Sturdy, comfortable and I like the way they look. Timberland has solved the problem with sharp edges on the eyelets cutting the laces by going to a different style of eyelet.
B00E41UQBE very well i loved it so so much&#65292;i think it better than 10061&#65292;Put his feeling is very good, also want to look better than widen, this is my opinion
B00E41Y0E8 One Star I was not able to change it
B00E41Y0E8 Four Stars I got what I paid for. Correct size, quality and timely delivery.
B00E41Z6YQ TIMBERLAND CLOG - GREAT FIT-- JUST AS I EXPECTED FROM TIMBERLAND----I WILL BE BUYING AGAIN TIMBERLAND ALWAYS HAVE THE QUALITY YOU EXPECT--I WILL BE BUYING AGAIN FROM AMAZON
B00E41Z6YQ Timberland l;ouynger They are fine, but, since they don't come with widths available, I am satisfied.I like that I could get these through Amazon
B00E423CAK Well made I have been a Crocs costumer for several years. Have about 7 pairs of all different Crocs models, and was very surprised  with the overall quality of this shoes.Much, much better than Crocs, and I have tried just about every fabric uppers that Crocs makes.Great shoe
B00E4RYH1S Always was good for me shop with you. The mistake was mine because I didn 't pay attention to the shoes that was for kinds but no problems.
B00E4RYH1S Feminine Look I love the feminine look of this shoe.  Bought it for my teenage niece and she loved that fact that you can't find these in stores everywhere.  Plus it gives a more feminine look/style to the regular Timberland style.
B00E5I2GPU Great took a couple of wears to wear them in. The buckle at the ankle hurt the first couple of times but now, I love them.
B00E5TU5AM Look elsewhere There is nothing good to say about these sock. The threads balled up after one wear and they look like they're 10 years old.  Basically crap.
B00E5TU5AM They're fine enough These aren't as good quality as the ones I picked up in the Timberland Outlet, but they'll do. They seem fine enough
B00E5TU5AM It is hard to find these in gray in a medium sized city They hold up well, almost a little thicker than I'd like.  I received two different shades of gray on my second order which was fine.  Although I prefer the darker gray.
B00E7M4VXY awesome- this is a warm sock great sock -  it is like a blanket or my feet.  piggy love. xxxx ooooo xxx ooooo xxxx ooooo xxxx
B00E7MMQDG A little hot for running A little hot for running, given this is cotton - better get artificial textiles for runs to avoid sweating too much.
B00E7MMQDG great sox fit well, and I have large feet.  I have had the timberland low rider sox before and they are build to last.  (i lost a few of my pair before they wore out)
B00E8RA1UK Comfortable but smelly We love Timberland Mad River shoes but couldn't find them in stock for the size we needed.  We tried Splashtown, which has a similar fit, but is clearly not anti-microbial like the Mad River design.  Wish I had passed on these, not what I expected from Timberland brand.
B00E8RA1UK Strap ripped after two weeks Unfortunately the shoes we received were not high quality, particularly given the price. One of the straps came apart after two weeks of wear and my son won't be able to wear them. I so wanted to like these, but I'm going to have to go back to Keens or Tevas which have proven to be much longer lasting.
B00E8RA1UK Fit our twins perfect. They have only wore them once to the store with me yesterday and i was happy to see they never took them off and threw them out of the shopping cart like all of their other sneakers and shoes! They were worn for about 3 hours give or take and there was no red spots or blisters when we got home. They were easy to put on, one of our twins has smaller feet than the other but still wears the same size and although his little feet move more on sides, they still stayed on good due to having two adjustable straps instead of one. I wish i could afford to get brown also! Twins are expensive haha (They are 21 months old and wear a toddler sz 5 in shoes and the 5 worked great)
B00E8RAOI4 The 1 year old gave these two thumbs up! These are the cutest things I've ever seen.  Bought two pairs for my 1 year old and 2 year old neighbor girls.  We were shoe shopping on my iPad and the 2 year old picked them out.  Purple for her and pink for her sister.  They were so excited when they came that they didn't want to take them off.  They really take a beating, are easy to clean, and they're highly adjustable with strong Velcro closures.  Their grandmother likes them because they're easy to get on and off.  I want a pair for myself now.
B00E8RAOI4 Just fine These actually fit nicely on my daughter. Its very durable. She runs in them very fine. I think easy to clen or wash i laundry.
B00EALSYY4 The exterior cracks easily! I love the fit, however the outside starts to crack within a week. For a $100+ shoe I expect a more longevity from it.
B00EALSYY4 Exterior cracked in less than 1 month. I purchased these from Zappos.  Wore them daily for 3 1/2 weeks, 8 hour days before the exterior cracked and they became unwearable as they could no longer be sanitized and looked horrible.  Just don't buy them, they are pretty much worthless unless you only want to wear for two weeks.
B00EALTP4M Three Stars I can wear them but they hurt the toes on my right foot. Ordered a new pair
B00ECS2E3C fit chinese man foot  height 175cm  weight 68kg hey&#65292; this boat boot is so good. from chinese  consumer revivew.
B00ECS2E3C Could be wider I wanted to look for wider cutting for this shoe.But there wasn't any available. I needed to stretch the leather a little more before wearing.Will see how it holds up again.
B00EDJ2SWC Package never made it to me... UPS tried deliver this package on Monday. I don't know why they couldn't send it on Saturday, when I'm usually home all day but I signed for it anyway hoping it would come after 6pm when I'm home. It was supposedly dropped off at the front door at 6:01 am. I never saw it & I even called the front office of my apartment complex to see if they dropped it off there. No luck. Now I'm out of $70 bucks.
B00EDZC86W Looks "Fashiony" and "Classy" just not polarized Looks "Fashiony" and "Classy" just not polarized, built pretty good and sturdy considering how thin it is. Gets alot of compliments when i wear them (or maybe they are hitting on me :-) ...either way it turns heads that for sure).
B00EHHKWMS Great shoes for nurses I bought the plain black ones for nursing school and LOVE them.  My feet are never sore or tired after a 12hr shift.  Was so excited to see that Timberland is getting creative with their designs.  My orthopedist also seemed impressed that I was wearing these shoes as I have knee problems and may be developing osteoarthritis (which these will help with.)
B00EHHKWMS clogs Shoes are a little stiff firmed at first. Great shape and colors are great. Let's see if they with stand s 12-14 shift on the medical floor.
B00EHHLC3Q a little small I ordered a 1/2 size larger than the other ones I have and they are a little snug with regular socks.  Hoping they will give a bit over time like my other ones did. I get many compliments on these shoes! Please make more colorful ones for the HC professionals.They are comfortable overall and I love my Timberlands. I cannot wear Danskos as they never fit my feet right. I wouldn't trade my Timbies for all the Danskos in the world!
B00ENZQ2X2 These are OK but top stitching looks a little geeky and I'm not loving the fit I ordered these shoes and a pair of Patagonia black slips on in the same order as I couldn't decide between the two.Patagonia Men's C-Street MO Fashion Sneaker.  I ended up liking the Patagonias better and returning these (and NO, suspicious minds, I am not affiliated with Patagonia and have never bought anything else from them).  I don't think my feet are unique in any way, yet these shoes feel shallow and the top presses down on them more than I would like.  Maybe after "breaking in" they would be more comfortable but the Patagonias are comfy out of the box, sold.All tastes are different and you might like the stitching but to me it was too bright and too thick, and looks sort of geeky.Amazon's easy free shoe return policy means you can try these and others, see how they fit and decide with no risk so you might want to do the same thing I did and order your top two favorite shoes and decide in person.Hope this helps!
B00ENZQ2X2 normally we love shoes with flat soles am a 6 footter tall, normally we love shoes with flat soles, this worked greatly for me, had all those dudes in the neighbourhood looking at my leg, asking where i got it from. its a strong material, i am blessed with good eye sight for anything with quality,
B00ENZQ2X2 JUST SO SO SO SO ,IT IS OKAY
B00ENZRTCK Quality problems Quality problems, days didn't wear shoes bottom edge glue began to fall off, nothing to say, why this quality can also sell the price, do not accord with the brand image
B00ENZSK3M REC very bad quality sneakers, i wear it for 7-10 days and footer has opened from glue, but they are really good looking
B00EOIQP2Q Timberland watch review by Luise Although I liked the face, I thought the winder seemed cheap.  I would have preferred metal.  I liked the band but the band hold-in strap was a bit thin.
B00EOIQPNK Huge & tacky The picture looks great but it's actually a huge, tacky monstrosity that looks like it would be $10 in Walmart's discount bin. This thing was $130 ! I tried giving it away to a man with big arms and wrists - even he said it was way too big. Maybe it would work for a Sumo wrestler is all I can think of. Sending it back tomorrow.
B00EOIRBC4 Sturdy and well made Received this today.  Looks like sturdy and well made watch. I got this in lighting deal for 89 so looks like money was well spend.  I wish its day counter was more clearly visible.
B00EOIRBPG greatwatch, lookd good on hand great watch, lookd good on hand.
B00ESJ84A2 Perfect Size This day pack is beautifully made, the quantity of pockets just right and it is comfortable to wear.  A very handsome bag.  My only complaint is when I looked at the picture (there was no details printed) I thought the shading on the side was a mesh pocket for a water bottle.  The only disappointment, otherwise I would give this bag a five star rating.  I love it..
B00EYRB4YQ Rough and tough After more than a month of wear the appearance is still like new and with a simple wet cloth to wipe clean they are super easy to maintain a new appearance if thats important to you. They fit perfect in my regular size and are comfortable after initial break in. Im sure these will be ready to go again in the 2014 fall season.
B00F2JDO02 These look amazing and held up through an Ohio winter very well These look amazing and held up through an Ohio winter very well. He still wears them every now and then. I bought them a half size to big on purpose. Figured if I was paying that much for kids shoes I was going to give him room to grow too!! Hopefully he can still fit them by this fall/winter!!
B00F97SGBO we usually go thru a set of luggage every 5 years but after 3 trips in 5 months these still look beautiful. Roll extremely easy First set of hard side luggage, we usually go thru a set of luggage every 5 years but after 3 trips in 5 months these still look beautiful. Roll extremely easy on 2 or 4 wheels and although get scuffed from airline baggage handling, so far clean up and look like new with a damp cloth. Is hard to get used to not having all the zippered outside additional pockets of normal soft side luggage, but I'm extremely happy with this set and am actually trying to buy an additional 25&#34; which will I think complete our luggage needs for the next 10 years. Great set.
B00F97SGBO Good set The only issue I have is the flimsy extending handle.  I could see it was cheap from the picture so I was not expecting much, but the luggage is great in other ways.  I have no trouble spotting it coming off the belt.  The button on the handle to extend or collapse the handle is very sensitive and its easy to trigger it while wheeling it around.  I would have happily paid more for a better handle, but all else it good.  I can't comment on durability as I have only had one flight since receiving these.
B00F9A1ARS Great roadtrip qnd overnight bag. Just got this bag and have used it only once so far, but it is very well made and very capacious; it held lots of stuff with no issues.  The zippers are top notch (generally a good indicator of the bag quality and how it'll hold up).  I really like the side compartment that extends into the main section, seems designed to hold shoes or at least that is what i use it for (to keep them separate from other items. I'd bet it would be great for slightly dirty or sandy shoes). The fold up/down support is neat and really works to flatten and more easily stow the bag when it is empty.  the only thing I'd really have liked different with the bag would be more external pockets and maybe a tiny bit more inside pockets.  But, overall, you cant  beat this bag for the price.
B00F9A1ARS High quality bag Timberland makes the best luggage on the market hands down!!  I will never buy another brand now.  This particular bag is made of nice sturdy material, has plenty of pockets, and I dig the panels that fold up to make solid walls (so the bag ends up with 3 hard sides and just the soft top).  The color and overall appearance of the bag is stylish and it's great size...I can see it replacing my wheeled carry-on.  Excellent price too.
B00FEK23R4 BEST BAG! The bag is gorgeous!Great Value!All as promised.Does not get wet.plate is always at hand!You can not fear for his safety!Rekomemenduyu all!
B00FJ1TT66 Two Stars made in india means rubbish.
B00FJ1TT66 and pretty affordable, Yeah Serves the purse, looks absolutely neat, and pretty affordable, Yeah, you should get one of those if you ain't done that already!
B00FY8478E Timberland Trooper Hat I bought this for my husband, who normally takes a Medium hat size. The Small-Medium fit well.This hat replaces a similar style made of real fur. I wanted  a warm hat that does not require dry cleaning, so this Timberland model seems just the thing. Looks great and appears very warm! Well-made, too.
B00G75EK2G just what she wanted My 13yr old daughter loves them! glad i could find online because everywhere else was sold out or $150+ and thats ridiculous when its for a kid who is still growing
B00GKC59LM Promising, but... I was looking for a rolling duffel that would fold flat enough to fit inside another suitcase or slide under a bed. This one does not do this. One end is rigid--so that it will not fold flat. If that is not your concern, this might well be a good bag for you.Also, once you unzip the top, there is essentially one very large compartment. That may be a plus to you, it may be a minus. It depends on what you are looking for in a bag.
B00GKPPPN6 The picture and shoe description do not match and have to ship back to UK I ordered the shoe in the picture and got a different boot. A black/brown sole. I ordered on Dec 21 and it said shipped 12/24 and received it from UK. 12/30/13 I wish I would have paid more attention where it came from, now I have to spend $25.00 to ship it back. The price did not match either.  Very disgusted that picture and description does not match. You have to go to their website and figure the description vs the picture.
B00GNZFWA4 Timberland PRO Men's 6 Inch Hyperion CSA Approved Hiker Work... The Timberland PRO Men's 6 Inch Hyperion CSA Approved Hiker was a very uncomfortable.  It is heavy, and bulky.  I Would not recommend.
B00GNZFWA4 Excelente Everything ok. All materials are perfects, fit as expected, Timberland is the better brand for shoes, I would buy another pair.
B00GNZFWA4 verygood verygood verygood verygood verygood verygood verygood verygood
B00GNZFWA4 Amazing Boot Non-Marking First the size: 10.5 E was a perfect fit.  I live aboard a boat and got only one mark on the boat after working on the job in 95 degree temperatures, with high humidity, and it left a SMALL black mark which was easy to remove--unlike a mark from a normal rubber soled shoe.  No marks on hardwood floors either.  Plus, waterproof is a real plus, as I just spray them down after a day in the mud, while they are on my feet.  Breathable too, as Florida temps are normally very punishing on the feet because of overheating. These boots are the bomb!
B00H46N3TI They do their job, but are a bit thin These socks have a lot of redeeming qualities.1) They have a rubberized patch inside the heel to prevent slipping, and it works very well2) They really are invisible while wearing a pair of Sperry's or Van's.The only down side is they are a little thing, I've already gotten a hole in two of them after only a dozen or so wears from my big-toe nail rubbing against the top.
B00H46N3TI Disappointed I had bought this same brand in white, and so far they're working just fine.  Thought I'd snazz them up a bit and get these in the grey/green colors and so far, they suck.  They don't stay on the back of your heel so they constantly slide under your foot and into your shoe - which drives me absolutely crazy.Don't get these.
B00H46N3TI Meh I bought these based on the great reviews, especially the gel insert in the back that helps keep them on your foot. Well, for me at least, epic fail. No better than the other loafer socks out there that fall down after a little bit of pavement pounding. The search continues for a loafer sock that's not halfway down your foot by 10 am. At the price and for the color, they're still a pretty good deal, and I'm guessing some may fit better than others so go for it if you're still searching. Otherwise, the fact that they require special cold water washing doesn't add to the overall appeal. They're ok.
B00J2HAA2U fine wallet!!!!! i am very  completely satisfied with this purchease ! It is as pleasing as i expected to be! highly recomended ! you will be thoroughly contented!Timberland is my favourite firm! its qoality is incredible in everithyng!
B00K19FFHI timberland isn't what it used to be The previous predictable sizing of timberland has changed - so be vert careful buying on line
