B000073TM3 Satisfied I'VE PURCHASED FIELD BOOTS ALOT OF TIMES FROM VARIOUS STORE AND I MUST ADMITT FOR THE PRICE THEY ARE GOOD IN COLOR WITH NO MARKS ON THEM AT ALL.MY SON LIKES THEM AS I DO AS WELL.THE DELIVERY WAS REALLY FAST THATS A PLUS
B000073TM3 Can't lose with these shoes My grandson love these shoes they were suppose to be one of his Christmas present but I allowed him to try them on to make sure they fit he refused to take them off and he likes to go bare footed.
B000073TM3 great buy great price... great boot...my son likes them alot...i always recommend timberlands.perfect place to buy is amazon ...they fit and looks really well on him
B000073TM3 they way much better in reality than on picture very nice one. much better in the reality than what I saw on picture.I would suggest these to anybody who likes Timberland boots.
B000073TM3 Nice Purchase I bout these for my one year old who wears a 6.5. And these were tooooo big . He likes to wear them around the house though. Hopefully he can fit them before it warms up .
B00009WM7J Nice Boots Purchased for my wife (she has small feet). She really likes them, says they are comfortable and the price was good.
B00009WM7J Bought for my girl She had wanted some Timberlands and how could I say no to her. She really likes them, loves how they for the most part can go with anything, the seller was great, got me my items quickly, way quicker than expected based off the original shipment estimation.
B0000AFSX4 perfect thanks a lot :) very nice boots... i am very happy and my baby also likes it very muchs :)
B0002RDYMC very Nice I really like these tims. They are comfortable and stylish. My son likes them too.  I do recommend buying them.
B000AKVBFI hiking shoes. my husband likes them but he want aware of the being steel toed until he got them. he is still satisfied.
B000AKVBFI Chemical Plant Worker Likes Them! My fourth pair...enough saidComes in wide sizes and very comfy for me and my 12 hr shiftsOil them up or rain proof them for extra protection
B000B2G1MI Great quality These are very good quality boots, well made, genuine leather upper. My son says they are comfortable and he likes them. He will be wearing them to school when the temp goes below 40.
B000B2HQ5O Boys shoe Nice little boot, fit him perfit, he likes them because they look like daddys. What more is there to say.
B000BB15ZC great work boots These are my husband's favorite work boots.  He usually gets the brown, but this time tried the black & says he likes this color even better.
B000BB15ZC A nice pair of boots. My husband needed new boots so we decided to go this root to but through amazon. My husband said at first wear around the house they seemed a bit small. He was considering sending them back. He decided to wear for a day and said they are fine and he likes them. He will definitely buy again.
B000BB15ZC Bought for Xmas present My boyfriend is a size 9.5 sneaker, I got a 9 and they are still a little too big. He likes the boot and would recommend them, good in the snow/inclement weather.
B000BFIHVS Good Work Shoe My husband likes the fit ,He goes thru work shoes and Boots every 5 months .So we'll be reordering this one soon .Thanx
B000BFIHVS sturdy, comfortable boot I bought for my son. He really likes the boots and says they're very comfortable and a pleasure to wear.Kept his feet dry in the snow except when it was over the top. Looks nice too.
B000BFIHVS My husband's second pair My husband asked me to order him another pair of these boots because he really likes them for work.  He wants to rotate them and not wear the same pair every day.  He is a semi driver and likes the hard sole for driving.  They have held up to daily wear.
B000BFIHVS my hubby was surprised My husband really likes them. He noticed the difference from what he had been wearing immediately. He said there comfortable, fit well, and is waterproof. He even stated he doesn't slide on ice anymore. He really likes the color. But you do need the protective solution for them. Also I got them one size larger than what he normally wears. I'm glad I spent time searching for what I believed would be the best pair of boots.
B000FX9A5S Well made sturdy work boot. Typical Timberland quality. Very good work boot. I purchased these boots as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He really likes Timberland boots and his old ones had worn out. He really enjoys these boots and wears them daily.
B000G1Z9XG Good buy My son really likes his boots will get lots of use out of these great buy for the price thanks
B000G23DQK Favorite Boots My husband hinted that these would be a nice Christmas gift and boy was he right.  I surprised him with these.  He really likes the color.  They fit perfectly.
B000G23DQK Really Premium! I've bought them for my 19-year-old son and he likes them very much! Warm. waterproof and very comfortable. He also says that the inner sole gives a very good support, it's very important if you wear them all day long. If you are between sizes you'd better perhaps  have a size down because they are a way too roomy.
B000G23DQK Brother loves them. These were a birthday gift for a man who knows what he likes and what he doesn't. He'd had a pair of these forever, but they finally had worn out. The replacement pair, he said, were perfect--right fit, good leather, comfortable to wear immediately. What more could anyone want? Thanks for continuing the style and maintaining the quality.
B000G23DQK Good Boots Arrived fast, and are the original authentic Timberland boots. Its a gret price for this kind of boot, and my husband really likes them. Definitely would recommend buying these boots from this seller.
B000G23DQK so far so good fit is good, color is bright.  husband likes so far but hasn't worn too much.  will maybe write more later
B000G23DQK LOVING THE BOOT The boot shipped on time infact early more than expected i liked the color..i bought it for a friend of mine n he likes it..i would recommend..
B000G23DQK It's tight for my husband,but is comfortable. It took a long time to get it.It's a little tight for my husband,but is comfortable.He likes it very much.
B000G23X74 great i brought it for my boyfriend and he likes it so much. it is said that the shoe is comfortable.
B000NKIGNK Nice shoe.  My husband loves them. Gave these shoes to my husband as a gift as he has worn this brand before.  He really likes them.  Says they are well made and comfortable.  He really likes the color as they are a little darker brown than some other brands.
B000QW02F0 my husband.... likes the Tim. boot! for him they last about 6 mo. sometimes longer,and at this price that works for us.
B000TK6IMA Good Fit This shoe fits a little big but I am not complaining because it is a slip on and my son likes it.  I bought the same brand in a different style and it still fits, just needs a little polishing.  Very lightweight for children.
B000VI8UX0 GREAT QUALITY I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY SON; TO WEAR TO SCHOOL WITH HIS UNIFORMS.  GREAT QUALITY LEATHER SHOES. HE REALLY LIKES THEM AND VERY COMFORTABLE.
B000VIAOJ8 Love the Tim's First of all, we got the shoes within a few days after they shipped which was much faster than I thought.  They were needed so thanks!  Also, my nephew really likes them and they look great on him.  Love em!!
B000VIAOJ8 for my grandson my  grandson really likes these boots, he even wears them around at night with his PJ on, you will like these boots
B000VIAOMU not waterproof! I bought these boots for my 9 years old, he likes them and they feel comfortable, but as far as waterproof... that's not really happening. Unfortunate, because kids just love rain puddles and big mounds of snow.
B000VW69IY nice men They appeared to me super comfortable ,The size fits perfectly. Highly recommend to everyone who likes Timberland products or just good shoes.
B000VX03GC very comfortable Thanks for the very comfortable and nice price boots!My husband likes them so much especially going toa mountain.
B000VX03WQ My husband likes this Boot. He wore out his other pair that was idenical to these and Amazon was the only place I could find him a new pair.
B000X46MOQ These would be great boots I bought these for my daughter. She likes to be with her dad around the farm and I wanted her to have some safe footwear. When she saw them she was very happy. We both liked the look of them and they're waterproof too. She started wearing them right away. Then her ankles started to hurt so badly that she had to take them off and now she won't wear them at all. I'm going to get her some real thick socks to see if that helps but if not I guess it was a lot of wasted money. I wish I had not bought these.
B000XEAA0S So far so good! Bought these for my husband who wanted a waterproof & steel toe boot for Christmas.  He's worn the boots a few days to work & says he really likes them.  I think they look great & will just take some time to break in.
B000XEACHO Good. I bought it to my brother while he was at the hospital. He likes it because it is very warm and comfortable.
B000XEACHO My husband didn't complain and he wears them It's a year later and I'm going to order a new pair...just because he likes them new...but they've held up great and he works in equipment sales/rentals, operating machinery in the cold and mud. No rips, holes or wearing. These are built to last. So I guess they're perfect....cause if he didn't like them they would still be sitting in the box
B000XEEW9S Hubby likes it! My hubby is really hard on his shoes, so this sturdy work boot should last him a while. He likes black shoes, and most of the work boots we could find in the stores are brown. These will be useful when the weather turns a bit colder, and he wants to work on the woodpile and other chores.
B000XEKCRE Repeat Customer This is the 3rd time my husband has chosen this particular boot to wear for work. He no longer looks at other brands or styles. This is what he likes so this is what he gets. A pair will last him about a year, if not longer.
B000XEKHOC Tims rule! My son goes through footwear like the weather changes.(Here in the Northeast, that's a LOT of changes!!!) It is difficult to get him anything that lasts any amount of time. I bought him these for Christmas, and he is very pleased with them! They fit well, and he likes the comfort level more than the Doc Martins he had before these. They seem like they will last a long time, which is very important in his world! Can't go buying a new pair of boots every month or so! They arrived quickly, and look really good. I would recommend them.
B000XEKIUK Very good quality I ordered this boot as a gift for my nephew to wear when responding to calls with the junior firefighters.  He likes them so much he wears them all the time, so I'm assuming he finds them comfortable.
B000XEKK94 fast delivery sorry for the late comment as i just came back from holiday.Nice shoes and fast delivery, my boyfriend likes it very much :)
B000XEKK94 Protects feet, keeps cat happy. This is the 3rd pair of these boots.  They fit my feet and support my ankles.  The stupid fat cat likes to scratch them.
B000XEKK94 Ordered wrong size My grandson has worn these boots  working in and around the racecar garage. The only downsideI have found is the soles don't hold up as well as I wish they would. Other than that hereally likes the boots....
B000XEKK94 very godd I ordered this for my father as New Year's gift, and he likes it very much and told me it is so comfortable.
B000XEKK94 Good Boot! My husband has been wearing these boots for his construction job for years. They hold up well and he likes them. We found them to be much cheaper on Amazon!
B000XEKK94 Comfortable boots, good value I bought these boots for my son.  They are comfortable, fit well and he likes the style.  Delivery was on the last day of the quoted delivery window, but I had no problems with the transaction.
B000XEKK94 Great work boots. I bought this boots for my dad, and he really likes them. He says they are comfortable and they are slip resistant, which is what he needed since he works around slippery floors.
B000XELF3O Good choice These are a gift.  He really likes the fit and the boot.  Breaking them in now.  No more cold toes.
B000XELF3O Awesome boots for hard work My husband is on hia second pair of these boots in three years because he likes them. He would still have the first if he didnt ruin the sole by repetitive shoveling with the same foot and moving gravel. They stood up to the test with his job as hard as it is.
B000XELF3O My Husband Likes These My husband wears these steel toed boots to work.  He has been wearing them for a few years now and these are the only ones he really likes.
B000XELF3O Nice shoe Husband likes these boots, says they are comfortable. I just got them for him so I don't know how they last.
B000XELF3O Nice boots Bought them for my husband , he likes them , says they are very comfortableHe is on his feet at work every day
B000XELF3O Nice fit! Great boots!  Fit my husband perfectly and are very comfortable .  He likes not having them insulated. Will purchase again.
B000XELF3O Great so far My boyfriend and I ordered these so he can wear for work. He really likes them so far. Said they're really comfortable. :)Also, excellent customer service from FOGDOG. Only reason I contacted them was because they were taking a long time to ship them, so I asked how long do they usually take. Turns out they were shipped, they just hadn't sent the notification yet. They tracked it for me and e-mailed me all the information right away.
B000XELF3O Husband likes these boots My husband loves these boots. He has to stand on cement floors all day and these are very comfortable. He likes that they never have to be broken in. We have bought these 2 years in a row and will buy another pair next year.
B000XETJU0 Good work boot My husband likes them a lot although they take awhile to break in. He also mentioned that the padding around the ankle rubs against the skin which is a bit uncomfortable.
B000XETJU0 The Timberland Boot These boots were purchased as a gift and the receiver really likes them.  They fit well and are very durable and comfortable.  I would certainly recommend them.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Mens boots Only boot my son will wear. He likes the fit and the durability of them. Will continue with purchasing this brand of boot. also little grandsons wear timberlands.
B000XETJU0 GREAT BOOTS. Only boots my son wears.  They last and he likes them.  The price was the best around.  Will purchase again.
B000XETJU0 mosonry boot I got these boots for my bf for his masonry work.  He likes the boots so much and say that they are comfortable to work in. Would and will purchase these again after he wears them out.
B000XETJU0 He likes them Suprised my boyfriend with a new pair of work boots. He said his feet had been hurting. These had been some of the pretty good rated ones. He seems to really enjoy them. and they look sexy on him too!
B000XEVLF6 My son really likes these My son really likes these. He works in a warehouse, and wears Timberland Pro boots in the winter, but found them too warm to wear in the summer, so I bought these for him. He said they were comfortable right out of the box, and surprisingly light weight.
B000XEVLF6 Looks great Great looking, but need a wide. Have to return them and reorder. I ordered these as a gift for my brother and he really likes them. Looking forward to getting them in the correct size.
B000XF04LM WORTH THE PRICE My husband always buys Timberland PRO boots and this time he wanted the oxford due to the heat of summer. He likes it, very confortable and resistant. It definetively worth the price.
B000XF4D1Y My son really really likes these. Fit really comfortably, look good and did not require any 'breaking in', comfortable rightoff the start.  Excellent pair of shoes
B000XXGMRO Superb You won't go wrong with this, the boots look amazing. My hubby really likes it, its comfy, tough and stylish!
B000XXGMRO IT IS WONDERFUL THIS IS WONDERFUL TBL SHOE,I LOVE IT VERY MUCH,I THINK THAT EVERY MAN NEEDS TO BUY ONE,MY FRIENDS LIKES TOO.
B000XXGMRO Great boot Purchased these as a gift for My 21 year-old son. He really likes them. The fit is true to size and they look great!
B000YDBIJU Great Choice Very comfortable and classy shoe. Fits somewhat large but hubby likes the extra room for his toes. Well worth the price.
B000YDQ9NU Great price for leather mens shoe I bought these shoes for my husband.  He really likes them. Timberland makes some of the best shoes.  Their leather is very good.  Comfort and look are there.
B00110CR1S Excellent boots! I have ordered these boots for my 12 years old son. He likes them a lot. Fits perfectly and feels warm and dry in snowy weather.Thanks for a perfect product.
B00110CR1S Great boots I got these boots for my son and he has hardly taken them off. He likes them and they look good. So, I am happy!
B0016J5PWC Great shoes Nice leather, but seems to be a big long in the toe area, which is ok for growing kids. My boy likes them.
B0019IRR5I Very nice I like it, my husband likes it, thats all that was important to me, :-)
B0019ITN6E Timberland Jeans  Striaight Fit Truewash Nice jeans got a great buy on them they fit well and hold up well my husband likes them very much.Have nice trim details on them.
B001EWFF30 Great I received them exactly on the day indicated and I could see by myself that they were really very nice and comfortable.  I can recommend them to anyone who likes the outdoor activities. They are really cool.
B001EWFF30 husband likes this My husband likes these boots. Unfortunatly he walks on concrete all day and his feet still hurt but other then that I would recommend these boots.  They are comfortable if you wear them only a short time.
B001EWFF30 Awesome Boots My husband bought these boots recently. He really likes them. Good fit and very comfortable.Also great price through Amazon!
B001EWFF30 timberland mens flume boot I bought it for my husband for his birthday. he likes it. it is nice and warm in winter days. overall it is worth buy and always timberland for stylish and good quality.thank you.
B001EWFF30 Great Hiking Boot! Received the order within three working days and everything was as expected.  I would recommend this lightweight hiking boot to anyone who likes to hike. Thank you.
B001FXZU92 My husband likes He likes the boots.  They fit fine.  In the beginning they made the front of his foot/leg (by the ankle) a little sore, but now they are broke in.  The true test will in the winter, with rain and snow................
B001GAPO90 Timberland Sandals I bought these for my son who really likes them. The orange is a bit loud for me but he is happy with the shoe, and the price was right.
B001SARJXC Nice boots I'm very pleased with my purchase,I bought these for my husband who's not a shopper. They are easy to dress up or dress down. He likes how comfortable they are,and says there a good fit.Also the quality is good, great boot for the winter.
B001SARJXC Great boots! These were a present for my husband - he had only used the ones with zipper on the side.  He frowned at first but after wearing them for a couple of days I really think he will never take them off!  He says they are comfortable and he likes the water proofing detail.  Great buy!
B002ASANG6 Mikie likes it Best boots yet. On my second pair and they fit like a glove. I work in a boiler room and on my feet all day. These boots are comfy. I'll  surely by them again.
B002YOMJPY Can Cause some blisters initially These are gerat boots, my boyfriend likes them but I could tell his feet started to get a little red from wearting them for a long period of time and almost got a blister, so I suggest maybe really thick socks or something, but other than that he seems to like them
B002YOMJPY Sam likes boots My grandson received these boots and said they fit perfect.  Of course, the true test will comewhen he wears them all day and will be able to tell if the boots are comfortable and protects his feet.I will definitely let you know what he tells me!
B002YOMJPY Good Fit My son really likes them. He has foot issues so comfort is key. I like the fact that their black leather.
B0034G54BM great boots Got these for my wife and she really likes them. Very stylish and comfortable! Very Good value for the price.
B0034G54BM picky wife likes them! Bought for my wifes birthday, following reviews bought a half size larger. Wife liked the fit and style of the boot. Her first pair of Timberland boots, most likely not her last.
B0034G558E I bought these for my daughter These were a Christmas present and my daughter really likes them! She had bunion surgery and couldn't wait to wear these after she healed up.
B0039ZD3MK i love it it is a fit good product i bought it for my fiance to wear it at his job and he likes it because it is a good shoes thank you
B003A69RS2 great style I sent them back for an exchange.  But he was greatful. He said he likes the fact that he can just slip them on & off. Thank you.  Naomi
B003ELQIW6 Excelent! THE BOOT IS REALY WATERPROOF, CONFORTABLE, beautiful, excellent! Travelling to Chile to do some trekking, it was really good. I recomend to woman that likes terkking in mountain.
B003EV5JYO Timberland Mallard Waterproof Tall Lace Boot I bought this as a gift for my son. He really likes the boots. It's true to size. Love the price.
B003LVYS7G Can I wash that now? My son likes these shirts so well, I had to buy several more so that I could get this one off him to put it in the wash.  It is perfect for the cold weather and breathes well, so that it adjusts to warmer temperatures also.
B003NUR4P8 Favorite work boot My husband sticks to what he likes and he is on his 3rd or 4th pair. He wears them  daily and they last  him about one year.
B004J2HSIC likes these boots my 12 year old likes these boots, he would have them on all the time if he could!! would order aain!!
B004PNE720 Great Boots. My husband only likes these boots. He is on his feet 8-12 hours a day on a concrete floor and they do not bother him. Timberland has great boot options. He has worn this style for the past 4 yrs and they seem to last about a yr.
B004T19U7U very nice winter boots My daughter really likes these. The great thing is that these are waterproof and warm at the same time. Also nice sole support
B004TDWITU Great! Purple is one of my daughters favorite colors.  These booth are stylish and warm.  She likes them and so do I.
B0052A79XY Awesome! I bought these for my husband since he is a firefighter and needed some good work boots that he can put on in a hurry. The zipper feature worked out perfectly for this, now he can just zip and go when time is a factor. He also likes how comfortable they are and how well they do in the snow. These were perfect!
B0052D31BU Nice Coat This coat is really nice.  It looks good, fits well and keeps my son really warm.  My 11 year old really likes wearing it.  The fit is true to size.
B0054NLQT2 great backpack I bought this backpack for my son who is quiet picky.  He likes it and cant wait to use it. It is nice and roomy inside, the color looks just like the picture.
B005BWB2QI COULDN'T BEAT THE PRICE BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND. HE LIKES THEM A LOT. SAW THEM IN ANOTHER STORE FOR A LOT MORE MONEY SO IT WAS A GREAT BUY.
B005BWB2QI Shoes He likes them! If he would wear them for good not out in the woods or to work in....lol thanks jane
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe, but sizing is off. I bought these for my husband and think they look really good. He likes them too and says they are comfortable to wear.I'm very glad I read the reviews before making my purchase though, as these shoes definitely do come up large. My husband usually wears a 9, but sometimes has to get a 9.5. So I figured I'd get him an 8.5. Honestly, he could probably get into an 8 of these without difficulty, but says he likes the roominess of the 8.5 so he can wear his really thick socks with them and not feel cramped.
B005ERZ6MQ Timberland Men's Earthkeepers shoes I bought these shoes for my husband and he likes them for work and also likes the comfort. Good buy!
B005ERZ6MQ Very good Genuine leather, my father really really likes them and he is 63. Very good quality and comfortable. 57$ when i bought them (8.5).
B005FI1VE6 great shoe I bought it for my 4 yr daughter to muck around at the lake and for everyday use.  She likes to be able to adjust how tight the straps are and the color is very bright and pretty.
B005FI1VE6 Just what my son was hoping for... They seem high-quality for a very reasonable price.  He plays rough and the first week is a huge test.  These sandals still look brand new after lots of rough and tumble play this past week (outside mostly).  He tells me to say that he really likes the color selection (on the other hand, it took him forever to choose which one) and that the soles are waterproof.
B005FI1VE6 Fit great. Easy on and off and good fit. My daughter likes that they have pink and I appreciate that they are not entirely pink. (Although they are a rather bright shade of powder blue).
B005FI1VE6 Toddler really likes these These fit true to size on my 3 year old's feet and the design isn't so kiddish that it makes my style sensibility cringe.
B005FI1VE6 Good one Always liked Timberland sandals, the kid likes them for being comfortable. However the pair I received feels unexpectedly smaller. Thats strange and was not the case previously. So I suggest buying 1size up.
B005FI1VE6 My daughter loves this shoe and will probably outgrow it before it gets old! This is a very attractive high quality shoe. My wife makes certain our daughter has fine quality apparel and this fits the mode. In fact, she bought two pairs, which was a mistake because our daughter will outgrow this before she wears it out. It's very well made. Very durable. Pretty. She likes it. My wife likes it. I am happy that they both like and enjoy it. I would suggest if you buy two do it in different sizes. Kids grow fast. Aside from that it's quite a well fitting and comfortable shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Not the prettiest but it's looks fine. I was expecting them to look a little cuter but it's not exactly ugly either.  It's ok.  My son likes chewing on them though :)
B005FM5Q3O Three Stars Pretty good.. But heavy and uncomfortable to wear.Anyway my boy likes it.
B005FM5Q3O Got it on time and it fits as expected. I got it on time and it fits my 10 yrs. old son who likes the sandals very much. Thanks.
B005FNWCEO Glad I decided to buy! This is the perfect boot for my 20 month old. Fit is great and look is right on the mark. Size pretty normal. He likes them too.
B005GYECXQ Look better in person My son needed boots to keep him warm.  I ordered these for him and he really likes them.  They look great and are comfortable to boot (couldn't resist).
B005GYL2JI Dad gift. He likes this shoe but not as much as his other earthkeeper. Color is amazing, but not as soft or comfortable as he cupsole.
B005MI875U Nice boots I bought these for my teenage son. He said they fit him as expected. He likes the color and style. I would purchase again
B006F62ZUQ Good product ordered the Deep cognac buff apache first for a friend. my nephew likes it. so I ordered this black one for him as a gift. He loves it
B006F65NL4 Hubby likes it Purchased for my husband and unlike any other wallet, he immediately transferred everything to this one...he likes it very much.
B006T307QE nice boot They appeared to me super comfortable The size fits perfectly. Highly recommend to everyone who likes timberland products or just good shoes.
B006ZIGRXA Love these boots! These boots are awesome.  They are waterproof, they are comfortable.  I have pretty big calves and can wear my jeans inside these boots with no issues.  My husband likes it when I wear these.  They have great traction and are great for wearing in the winter.
B006ZIGT4C GEGI Theses boots are amazing , i bought them to my doughter 2 months ago and she is very delighted with this garment. Usually TIMBERLAND  produces reliable outputs. All my family likes TIMBERLAND and i always advice it's products to my friends!
B006ZJ2ZUI Wifey likes the gift Wife likes them but they are a little small. I didn't realize they were like rain boots. I thought they were leather suede. But she liked them.
B00712KA3C Excelent boots! I have ordered these boots for my 8 years old daughter. She likes them a lot. Fits perfectly and feels warm and dry in snowy weather.Thanks for a perfect product.
B00713499W Looks good Nice looking shoe and my son likes them even with the laces. Good for a lot of activities for boys
B007135298 Good Quality Shoes Shoes are made well and are very comfortable.My son likes them. I wanted to order a pair in a larger size, but the price has goneup since I've purchased these.
B0072AE45S Great shoes I got these boots for my husband and he really likes them. They are true to size. They are very sturdy and comfortable. The top is soft and the material is a good quality. They match with a wide variety of outfits.
B0077H6RJM I really like them!!!! They are comfortable and fit nicely.  I recommend them to anyone that likes Timberlands.  I am going to try a pair of sandals next.
B007G4VR82 my uncle like it I bought this for my uncle. He was looking for a think leather nonmagnetic money clip. I didn't know whether this would fit him. Anyway, he is using it now. He said he likes it.
B008AH77XS Nice jacket but... The bigger sizes are puffier than the small sizes....???  other than that, my son likes his jacket.  like the fact that it's long
B008M27754 Great shoes My husband bought a pair of these years ago at Nordstom. He wears them all through the summer, and when they began to (finally) show their age he wanted another pair. I was delighted to be able to find exactly the same shoe at a very good price. He really likes these shoes, and says they are comfortable and fit well. I like the sporty casual look without being sloppy.
B008M27UHO snug alittle tight for my husband, but I am sure with wear they will give.  he likes the color and how well they will work with shorts or pants
B008M2OCP2 Comfortable and Stylish I purchased them for a gift to a person who is more than 240 lbs.  He told me that they fit him perfectly and he likes them very much.  That makes me happy!!
B008MHR6D2 Great fit! Great fit and extremely comfortable! I would love to even buy another pair. Highly recommended to anyone who likes to wear the shoes all day.
B008MHR6D2 nice shoes i feel it is very comfortable and good looking. Highly recommended to anyone who likes to wear the shoes all day.
B008VAQ1UY My daughter love it. My daughter loved the color combination; it was perfect and they are very comfortable hiking shoes for a girl that likes to explore.
B008VPU0GK Teenage son likes them They are nicer in person than in the picture, and they were a big hit with my (very) picky clothes horse teenager.
B008VPU0GK Should have ordered two pair Nice boot, great price. My wife likes the styling.  Very comfortable. I'm ordering another pair. One for work and one to wear casually.
B008ZBPGFU friend likes it. it is a gift for my friend.he tried and found it fits as expected.friend likes it.easy to wear. fit for fall and winter.
B0090NRN5I Nice I got them as a prsent for a friend and she says she likes them because they are comfortable and nice to be worn.
B0091QISZS Great shoes, easy to slip on and wear I would consider buying the next size up when my son grows out of these. He says they are comfortable and he wears them every day to school and then again most of the time to church. He never complains about them and he likes the way they look and so do I.
B00ABN8YVS I'm happy I purchased these Timberlands for my 5 year old son. I bought them extra big to ensure he'll grow into them. I like the fact that they are scuff proof.  That's a plus for me. He likes them and he hasn't complained about discomfort.
B00AQLQ05W My 5 year old is in love These boots are so awesome I am considering buying another pair for her in black. They go with everything...dresses, skinny jeans, leggings you can dress them up or down and she wants to wear them everyday. Granted the price point is a little up there but if they last I won't complain. It has a zip on the side and you can lace them up so there are two ways to get into them. They are leather and suede, beautiful quality but the toe area is leather so I've already noticed some scuffing...big whoop, it's what kids do. The inside is lined like a plaid shirt and my daughter called it comfy and warm inside the boot haha. If you are considering them just buy them you will not be disappointed and my little girl smiles every time she puts them on because she likes them so much. Also, they are waterproof and have odor resistance and moisture grabbing insoles to combat stinky or sweaty feet if you have a kid who likes to go sockless (I'm sure somebody does) Just buy them!
B00AQMB9O8 very nice My daughter likes them a lot, only wore them once so far. Can't say much about durability/ Look better than the picture actually....
B00AR59MBQ My 2.5yo daughter loves them. She's picky on shoes and likes these.  They seem warm and waterproof and she used them to play in the snow we just had.  Overall pretty nice.  Lacing is actually easier to loosen/tighten than it seems at first.
B00ATDU5M6 Very nice boots Great boots and my kid really likes them and the colors are very nicedefinitely would recommend other to buy it because they are very durable!
B00AW8JGGE my boots Love my boots boyfriend told me i have good taste he likes them to wish i would have got mom a pair
B00AZS35GS purchased for husband He likes these tops, moderately warm. Not to thick, not to thin. I thought they would be grey, but he likes the black.
B00B822FHK Great Shoe Purchased for my husband for work. He walks a good amount in a day and needed a comfortable shoe. He likes them and said they were comfortable right away. They run slightly bigger than his last pair of Timberlands, but not enough to exchange for a different size.
B00B82SDYE light and flexible These were my 12 year old grandson.  He likes them.  I was impressed by how lightweight they are and the sole is flexible
B00B9PIUS4 Earth keepers I like the style, how they look on my feet. I would recommend them to anyone who likes a nice casual look.
B00B9PJBDC Great Boot! Wonderful choice for someone who likes a bit of a rustic look but quality and long wear. also easy to keep loking good!
B00B9PM53U Nice-looking and comfortable Bought as a gift to my boyfriend, he likes them :) Agree with comments that they are true to size, enough room for thick socks.
B00B9PM56C Great for winter months My husband really likes these boots. He works outdoors most of the time so these are perfect for his activities. They keep his feet warm and they're waterproof, even better. The dark brown color doesn't go well with the salt residue, but since they're work boots he doesn't mind. Plus, he bought a leather shoe protecting spray to keep them looking as good as possible.
B00BCJW34Y Great boots! My husband is a welder and works in harsh conditions all the time. He wore them to work for the first time yesterday and said his back and feet didn't hurt at all. He also likes the added upper foot protection.
B00BCJXLHW Good fit My daughter really likes her boots. So, now my other daughter wants the same pair. Looking forward to buying again.
B00BCJXLHW good I bought it for my dauther and she likes it. Comfortable, warm and fits well.Her frends like it too.And i feel good because she likes it
B00E3LLQD2 Quality is good, couple more card slots are better Quality is good for the price range, wish that there were a couple more card slots. My husband likes it anyway.
B00ECS2E3C Soft comfortable boat shoes Super soft leather, great without sox, I can slip them on without untieing my wife likes how they look too
B00H46N3TI good fit I bought these for my husband and he likes them very much. They wash well too.
