B000073TM3 Love the boots I love these boots they are perfect for my six year old. They are durable and I love the darker color so the dirt does not show as much. The price was great and shipping was fast
B000073TM3 My Timbs!! I absolutely love love love these boots!!! I'm a New Yorker living in Atlanta and im so used to wearing these boots so i was super excited to find them on Amazon...On top of the fast shipping they arrived before Christmas...These are my work boots and they were packaged just right... I'm very thankful...and great job Amazon!!
B000073TM3 Love Love them! So comfy and cute and a really good price! Definitely a good buy, so if you're thinking about it just get them!
B000073TM3 Perfect Fit This shoe is true to size. Love it love it love it!!!!! And most stores are NOT carrying timberlands in kids sizes at the moment.
B000073TM3 great boot love it kids love there new boots great boot love it kids love there new boots got them for school and winter weather they dont stain in the snow or rain very durable
B000073TM3 In my top five!!! These are One of my top 5 pairs Had them before love them so much I get a pair every year
B000073TM3 love them love these and they fit as expected.  they look good on his feet and he says they are comfortable.  great buy.
B000073TM3 Love I brought these boots for my son and he loves them. He wants to wear them everyday.I like them too and love the price I paid for them.
B000073TM3 Love boots!! Bought for my child and love it!! They are what I expected and would purchase again. Also they were inexpensive!!!
B000073TM3 Too lar I love the shoes and will buy them again. I just bought them to big. Have to do an exchange.  But love the product!
B000073TM3 Love this boot I purchased these boots for my son last year and this year. Durable, goes well with jeans or sweat pants. Love them for school and cold weather ( not snow).
B000073TM3 Love tombs Love these got them for my 4 yr old great buy they fit perfectly and they are light enough for a toddler
B00009WM7J I love these Tims! Timberland boots always run a half size bigger than normal.  I love these classic, yet stylishly rugged boots!  They look great with tattered skinny jeans and a leather jacket.
B00009WM7J I love these boots!!!! These boots are the best! I love them! The shipping was fast and I was excited when they were delivered to me. I wear size 8 in women's so I ordered 6 M and it fits perfectly. Also, there's plenty of room in these boots.
B00009WM7J perfect!! I love em!! When I opened the box I fell in love. They were exactly what I was hoping for (not to mention I got em earlier than the estimated delivery date) so I had a smile from ear to ear! My mom told me &#34;go try em on&#34;. She was just as happy for me! I love em!!!! They r perfect!!
B00009WM7J Love these I read plenty of other reviews and therefore ordered them a 1/2 size smaller. I usually wear a 7 in kids so I got the 6.5 and they fit great. I love these boots. They are great rain boots as well as winter boots.
B00009WM7J GREAT love love love these fits good got them for a good price great for this time of weather thanks amazon
B00009WM7J I love my Timbs I love my Timbs! Great price. Came neatly in box. I would recommend the Timberland Helcor if you do not want any scuffs tho...those are fire!
B00009WM7J LOVE THESE If your a size 9in regular women's shoes. These are EXCELLENT!  I'm so in love with these boots. I wanted some for the longest but did not want to pay the 100+.Dollars for them at the mall. This was an awesome deal thanks Amazon! (:
B00009WM7J love my boots love my boots they got here a day before time! im very pleased. everywhere else wanted 98 dollars for them but i got them for 48 dollars here! im super stoked
B00009WM7J Great timberland boots! These are classics for a reason. I love these they came in a timely manner. They were exactly what I expected I love them so much,I'll have to see if this sellers sell the all black one because I would love to have those as well. Buy them!
B00009WM7J I love it I love itBut I did not grasp the sizeSo I give it  to my friendsI decided to buy a new one
B0000AFSX4 Love Had to Return first pair since fit larger but once we got smaller size fits well, I love it, myson loves it
B0000AFSX4 Love these boots I'm in love with these boots. They are well-made, fit right and look great. We have 'em in lavender colour, but it looks more like pink in the daylight. However this doesn't affect the fact that these boots are nice and beautiful.
B0000AFSYY Love love love I love these. I'm a 16 year old girl and I'm 5'1. I ordered a 3 and its fits perfect, I'm usually a 5.5-6 in woman regular shoes
B0000AT8CK Great Shoe Who doesn't love Tims? I usually wear a size 8 but bought these in a 7.5 and they fit perfectly. Love them!
B0000AT8CK Love Them!!! Purchased 1/2 size smaller based on previous reviews and they fit perfectly.  Love these boots!  Comfortable, waterproof, warm...would definitely recommend them.
B0000AT8CK Kinda small, but still a winner. The shoe is a bit snug around my feet, I would've like a bit more width. They also take some time to break in. I still love them, though. Aside from the sizing, these shoes look great. Perfect for wearing in the snow, or just whenever. I love Timberland boots.
B0000AT8CK Love them Love these boots. They are perfect for what I need. Timberlands never disappoint. They will last forever. I recommend them
B0000DFAXV Great boot Love these boots. Love the color and the fit. They are a great, strudy shoe and I would recommend them.
B0000DFAXV Awsome boots Awsome boots. I love these boots they are comfortable. Water proof. And they fit really well. I love the pink color. I get alot of compliments on them.
B0000DFAXV Love my pink Nellies Beautifully-made and very comfortable. Get compliments every time I wear them:) They are my new favorite around-town boots with jeans.
B0000DFAXV Love them Awesome boots. Were true to size for me and are very comfortable. Look just like the picture. I love them:)
B0000DFAXV love them and the fit these boots were exactly as I expected and fit great. The quality of the boot is very good also. Love them
B0000DFAXV Love my Timbs! The boots fit perfectly, decent delivery turnaround, and love the navy color! I couldn't find them in any of the local stores, not even on the Timberland website. Just another reason Amazon rocks!
B0001CNJ9Q Love these boots boots were for my grandson and I just love them!!!!!!!! they look like the big boys tim'swould recomend to anyone with a newborn
B0002RDYMC love love love love love love love love love love this!!!! i will buy some every year love timberland products for my ruff little boy!!
B0002RDYMC love these boots Bought these for my 11 and 9 yr old sons. They get Timberlands every winter but these are my favorite pair yet. The boys love them and they say they are very comfortable.
B0007T64VI LOVE THESE I have had a pair of these for years.  I have hiked in them, ridden motorcycles in them, volunteered at the animal shelter, done yard work in them, everything.  They are very durable and comfortable.  I LOVE Timberland.  I have just purchased my 2nd pair.  Love these!
B000AKVA6I super super Best investment I made They have everything I could ever want, they have everything you could dream of.Love Love
B000BB15ZC I love these boots I have a brown pair and a black pair of these boots.  I love them so much I wear them every day.
B000BB15ZC Love them! I bet I've bought 10 pair of these boots over the years. I love them. Tough, fit perfectly. good lookin'and great traction in all weather conditions.
B000BB15ZC love this boot my husband love his boot!!! he's a fan of timberland boots, and will purchase timberland boots, strong, durable and dressy at the same.
B000BFIHVS Love them! I buy at least 3 pairs a year of this model boot. I love them, and wouldn't wear anything else!
B000BFIHVS Love my boots This is my 3rd pair and I'm just as excited as the first pair ...love them and great price too.
B000BFIHVS love them Boots are great they fit well and are so comfortable to wear, they were every thing i expected them to be
B000BGMMZ4 My son love it I love my boot I bought them a little bit to big but even I like them I want another one
B000F2UWRO i love these boots i love these boots but they don't make anymore. i wish they did cause i would buy more.
B000FDPXW2 new boots love the color, love the texture, love the comfort.. have received many,many compliments.would recommend this product unconditionally.  go for it!
B000G1Z9XG buy these shoes!!! they fit great and i love the color and might have a hard time finding a shirt to match but i love the shoes
B000G21BSC great hiking boot love it I just purchased my second pair, love these boots, great for all the hiking I do, I have a wide foot and this boot is very comfortable.
B000G21BSC Love these They are great for my job, plus I have to have them on for up to 14 hrs. a day.
B000G21BSC Love these boots I saw the boots on someone else, looked here first, got a great price for super comfortable boots.  I grew up in the woods, these kind of boot are the norm, and I love wearing them.
B000G21BSC love them got my boots before they were due to be here... they fit perfectly... cant wait to go on vacation and wear them..
B000G23DQK Love em! My grandson loves his new boots.  He barely got them out of the box before he started wearing them and has worn them every day since,  Thanks!
B000G23DQK LOVE IT!!! I love my Timberland Premium 6 Boots!! They fit just a tad bit too big but i love them!! Thanks!!
B000G23DQK i love it so so so much&#65281; i love it so so so much&#65281;i love it so so so much&#65281;i love it so so so much&#65281;ii love it so so so much&#65281;
B000G23DQK Timberland Men's 1001 6" Premium Boot, Wheat 9.5 Medium Love it, my favourite. would love to get another Tim boots in white, but for now a nike air force 1 all white will do. These Timberland boots are classic
B000G23DQK Great I love timberlands.  I have a black suede pair and now this pair.  I love the cheaper price also.  Thanks again.
B000G23DQK best timberlands price around Love it........absolutly in love with these if your gonna by some tims do it now....i promise you wont regret it. The shipping was fast an the price is unbeatable
B000G23DQK i love this shoes ! i bought them a year ago? something like that, until now i wear them! they are awesome! i love them !
B000G23X74 i love this shoes it's good!i love it,just not wear comfortable in the begging.and now it's fit my foot.but i think it's little expensive
B000G24LJS I love it GREAT
B000G24LJS Love the shoes Love the color real comfortable. Great shoes for the price. Shipping was quick. Exactly what I expected and more. Really happy with my choice.
B000G24LJS Chritmas Gift Love the shoe have worn sperrys but love the thicker tread on the Timberlands . Will see how they hold up, seem well made . Have already had a compliment.
B000G24LJS Love 'em! I've worn Timberland 50009s for approximately two decade. They are timeless (i.e. not fashion driven), comfortable, sturdy and - for what one gets - well priced. Love them!
B000IVMO4Q Love them!! Had them forever!! One of the best fitting boots I own and would buy them again! Great fit, love the feel and color! Have worn well!
B000KVA7YI LOVE Timberland Boots! And LOVE Love ordering from AmaZon!!! I've been purchasing these brand (Timberland) boots for over 10 years now. They're the BEST boots ever! Durability, looks and comfortable! And the price this time...UNDER $110?! Great! As for as my experience with purchaasing from Amazon...I've been a preferred buyer/customer for years now and so far NOT one problem! Excellent packing, shipping & handling charges can't be beat and 1 or 2 day shipping time...Fabulous! Would and have recommended Amazon to all of my family & friends!
B000LA2RVO GREAT FIT I LOVE THESE BOOTS, I PLAN ON ORDERING THE SAME IN THE WHITE.  VERY COMFORTABLE, I CAN WEAR THEM ALL DAY LONG.
B000N4Z6UC Love Timberland boots These booths are so comfortable I can wear themall day with no problems. The style get a lot of compliments. I love the color, because it is odd for Timberland boots. The price is within my price range. Fast shipping.
B000QW02F0 LOVE these boots. These boots are very comfortable.  I would recommend these to every one. An I love the way they look and feel.
B000VIAOMU Very cute This is not water proof, But I love itMy daughter love it  tooEveryday, wear it....Thanks to Amazon !!
B000VIAOMU Thank you My nephew needed some boots and now that he got them he won't take them off and I love They black
B000VQ9QKS I LOVE IT. I love it. I wear them as much as possible. The greatest present, recommended to all. The shoes faster then expected.
B000VQ9QKS Love, love, love! I ordered my regular size, and they were a little short, but I returned them and got a half size bigger with no problems at all. I thought I'd wear them around the office to break them in, but that really wasn't necessary. They felt very comfortable right out of the box, and I am enjoying them very much. My only regret is that I didn't order these boots several years ago. I really do love them! They seem very sturdy, so this is probably my last pair of hiking boots. (I am 61 years old.)
B000VQ9QKS Love these boots. Wear them walking everyday, instead of sneakers.  Comfortable, feel I get more of a workout.  Look better than sneakers.  Love them!
B000VQ9QKS best boots ever love love love these! I tried to order another pair but cannot find them in my size . what the heck! I hope that they have not been discontinued!
B000VQ9QKS love these great boots love the fit and they plow through the trials. Pretty comfy for my hard to fit feet. More cush on the foot bed would be great.
B000VQDM6W Very comfortable I bought these boots, and I love them.  They are very comfortable to wear and they keep the feet warm.  I should have bought a 1/2 size bigger, but it still works.  I love these boots!
B000VQHFLK Love theses boots Love theses boots! I wear then all year round, everyday for work. Fit good and are really comfortable and well made....Don't ever change:)  Now I need to find a good pair of rag cotton crew socks to go with them
B000VW69IY Love these shoes Purchase for vacation and feel really well on my feet even after walking all day. Love the color on these as well.
B000VW69IY love em wear them most of the time this season
B000VX01V4 solekool Wow...your true love awaits you when you try on these shoes. A perfect fit, great smell and leather so soft it's love just grabbs you in a way that you can not imagine... Buy them and you will be sooooo pleased.
B000VX03GC This is my third pair of exactly the same Boot.  I love the way they fit my foot and how well they wear. This is my third pair of exactly the same Boot.  I love the way they fit my foot and how well they wear.  I think i have said it all!
B000VX03WQ Love this Boot! I have been wearing this boot for 15 years! I absolutly love it. they are so comfortable and thay last a long time. Wouldnt wear any other...
B000XEACHO Love them! This is the second time I have owned this particular "model" -- Love Timberlands!Where them 40 hours a week and the comfort never fades! As for the supplier -The item arrivedjust as described both in product and shipping! Would be happy to do business again.
B000XEH2JA Love this boot Love these boots! Been waring this brand and style for years. When put a new pair on, it's just like putting the old ones back on...very comfortable!!!
B000XEH2JA I love it very much Strong light I love it very much I bought for my work to protection my toes I hope do what I expet
B000XEH2JA Love these boots! I love these boots. They fit perfectly and are just what I expected. I've been wearing Timberland PRO for years, and they just get better.
B000XEIZ7S love my timberlands Love them, will buy again, very comfortable,better than red wing shoes and are cheaper too, they are lite on your feet not heavy at all, I wear them even when I'm off.
B000XEKCRE PERFECT i LOVE THE SOFT LEATHER FEEL OF THIS BOOTS... VERY COMFY, AND THE COLOR IS JUST WHAT i WANTED. i LOVE IT!
B000XEKIUK I love'em I've been using same style same color Timberland boots for years and I love'em.They are so comfortable and light.I suggest everyone!
B000XEKIUK Love them Started wearing these boots as soon as they were delivered.  Break in period was only a couple of days with no problems.  Very comfortable
B000XEKIUK Love this Boots At the begining opening the box of this boots, I love it. But, I don't know why so many people say this shoes is comfortable. But thats defenately not for me. I cannot wear this boot entire day. It hurts my foot.
B000XEKIUK my boots I used to wear a pair of them a long time ago.  I missed them.  I ordered them.  I got them again now and I still love them.  They are comfy, too.
B000XEKK94 Great boots I love em.  They fit my enormous feet perfectly and I haven't slipped on the ice yet.  Thanks to me for buying them for myself. :)
B000XEKK94 Timberland Pro Great Boots and comfortable as well I love them and wear on tough jobs with exceptional comfort and wear.. love them
B000XEKK94 great product Love these boots fits great. Looks great. I would recommend to anyone looking for a great boot. Love love love
B000XELF3O love them. Love these boots! I've had several pair over the year. They feel like slippers.I like that they are easy to lace up.
B000XELF3O Magnificent These boots were sent to my Grandson for Christmas, He said they were perfect adn the most comfortable boot he had ever worn, He is 19 and works as a cook. Love love love these boots
B000XELF3O I love those boots I wear those to work everyday and i just love them because it does a lot and plus there waterproof
B000XELF3O love these boots Love'em not to heavy for steel toes, I wear a wide plenty of room.Price is great, free ship can't beat it.
B000XELF3O love them i wear these boots five days a week in my auto shop, and they are amazing.  they start a little stiff, but after a day or two they fit perfectly.  wicked comfortable, love the hooks on the top instead of holes or loops.  great boot, highly recommended for anyone who needs some xtra pretection from their boots.
B000XETJU0 Love, love, love these boots Love love love these boots. No break in discomfort, Worn the boots straight from the box to the yard, great fit and really comfortable, definitely gonna buy another pair when the time comes.
B000XETJU0 Who wouldn't love these? I really love these boots. I bought these  to work in plus we're having snowy weather and they are great. They're a bit bigger than I expected. I'm a heavy set and wanted to get the 2E version but they sold out. So I chanced a M and they fit very roomy and comfortable. In fact 2E would have been way too big and I have wide feet so keep that in mind.
B000XETJU0 TIMBERLANDS I Usually love Timberland, but these didn't seem to fit so comfortable. they rubbed on one of my ankles.  I just hope as I wear them more, that they will break in better.
B000XETJU0 Love this one, feel comfortable! Got it last month, the color is better than shown in pictures, which is more smooth actually. Great price and great quality, love this one!
B000XETJU0 I love it I love timberland boots,but too heavy.whatever,I love it~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Timberland pro .I love timberland boots,but too heavy.whatever,I love it~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Timberland pro .I love timberland boots,but too heavy.whatever,I love it~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Timberland pro .
B000XEVLF6 excelent i buy two pair of this shoes to my brother, they love it very much. they all love to were it. it was warm and comfortable.
B000XEVM50 Love! Love them!  Perfect fit.....they do not look cheap and are comfortable! One of the Best boot i have ever purchased
B000XR2GN4 great boots they are Really Keep your feet comfortable all day&#65292;Although they does not look good.but i'm very love it.i love Timberland
B000XR2GN4 I would Highly Recommend. Great wear and fit. Love them have tried many different brands and keep coming back to Timberland Pro!!!! Stand on concrete all day. Love the non slip sole!
B000XR30FM These are FANTASTIC!!! It is very difficult to find work boots for women.  I needed something sturdy for working on the farm, mucking out the barn, etc. These are it! Love, love, love them! They hug your feet and make you feel stable while walking. No more worries of turning my ankle or hurting my knees, and I wont be afraid the cow will step on my foot either! Oh, and they look great too! BONUS! :)
B000XR30FM Love these boots These are the most comfortable boots that I have ever purchased. They are probably true to fit because I usually order a half size larger when ordering boots and these were just a tad too large, but work just fine. I love these boots!
B000XXGMRO Good design I love this boots but I had to change the size ,, I don't get why some shoes have a different sizes
B000XXGMRO I love my new boots It was just as I expected, great color, perfect size and I love the fact that I got them in about a week...................
B000XXGMRO I love it, it is my want I love it,it is my want ,fit as expected, thank you amazon
B000XXGMRO love it They fit as expected, are real comfortable and I can wear them casual or dressed up and still look great!!!!
B000XXGMRO Got the second pair of it! Got the second pair of it! This colour is stylish, I love Timberland boots~~I love Timberland boots~~I love Timberland boots~~
B000YDBIJU Amazingly comfortable! I truly love it. Very comfortable. Well made sole!
B0010L9KDQ Love Love these boots.  They are stylish and still kept my feet comfortable during the snow.  The color is perfect for what I wanted and the price was right.
B0010L9KDQ Nova Nana Love the shoes.  They are very easy wearing and they feel great on you feet.  I have them in different color and love wearing them.
B0013KNDQ4 I LOVE THIS SHOES they are beautiful,and very very light for small children...I LOVE IT!! if you have a child you should buy it! don't hesitated
B0014EE3PE Love! This is a great deal on Timberland boots.  I wear a 7.0-7.5 in women's and these fit perfectly.  Very pleased.
B001708FZE I love my new boots I got this boots because I live in a city where we have tons of rain all year long. I would say I love my new boots. Comfortable, cozy and nice.  I usually wear 5 or 5.5 and  I got a 6 so I think they fit a little small.I totally love my boots!!
B001760K56 Comfortable and Looks Great! These boots are comfortable. I love the fit except for the long foot bed which is not bat at all. At first try, they make my feet look bigger than they are but it's doable and it doesn't take away the comfort factor. Had I tried it in person I could have gotten half a size smaller, that is if the shaft isn't too tight on the ankle part which eventually stretches after a couple of wearings. I would love to get another pair in different color. It does work well with snow, too. I highly recommend it!
B001760K56 Love these boots!! I LOVE these boots.  Have had a pair in black for several years and am so happy to now have a brown pair.  They are comfortable for all day wear (I'm on my feet for work all day) and they are versatile for jeans or skirts.  Lots of compliments on these boots.  I highly recommend them for fit and comfort and appearance!
B001760K56 Love them! I love these boots. Very comfortable to wear everyday. I was impressed with the quality of leather and the way they fit.
B001760K56 AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 I love love love these boots !!!!!!!!!!! Very comfy & true to size :)I love the tread on the soles .
B001760K56 LOVE So comfortable, I wear them all of the time and they can go anywhere. Very stylish with jeans, skirts and dresses.
B001760K56 love these boots I love these boots.  They are so comfortable. I had read many reviews that said they ran small, so I ordered a half a size bigger.  I didn't need to do so.  They are a little big on me, but I love them so much that I just kept them.
B001760K56 LOVE THEM! I just received my boots, and I love them!  I did have some difficulty getting them on initially, but once on they fit like a glove! I understand from the other reviews they will loosen up, and I will write a follow up review to confirm or deny that claim!  They are super well made and BEAUTIFUL - definitely worth the money!
B001760K56 Love these boots. I love these boots so much, I bought them in brown and black.  They do run a roomy half-size large, so take that into consideration when ordering.  The Lexiss boot is seriously comfortable.  I can wear them all day, and they required no break-in time.
B001760K56 My favorite tall boots ever!! I have been looking for tall black boots for a couple of years. I'd buy them...send them back. Then I found these!! Love them. First of all they are a perfect mix of "biker" and "hiker". They dress up or down. I personally love them with all skinny pants. I don't have huge thighs and these fit very well. The biggest bonus for me is that I'm 5'3" (on a tall day) and they hit under my knee at just the right spot. Oh so comfortable, too.
B001760K56 Love love these!!!! Theses boots are so cute !!!! They are really comfortable and you really get your money's worth at how reasonably priced they are .  I have really legs  and and they fit perfect!! I highly recommend theses!!
B001AMM49C great looking boots I love the look of these shoes, I am wearing them as I am writing this review.. this is the third time I put them on, and the leather of the left foot is taking time to break, it hurts up the ankle when I walk.. I am hoping this will not last..but I love the look, the feel of the leather, the height of the heel and the colour..
B001L8K3GQ Heavy Duty I love these shoes.  At my age, height and weight I need sturdy and durable.  Love Timberland and especially these handsome but rugged kicks.
B001LI7HJC LOVE LOVE LOVE As I read the review for this product most people said this ran a 1/2 size too big. I am an 8.5-9 so I  went with an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.They weren't as loose around the calf as I thought but I still love them. I would recommend spraying them with some type of sued spray and your good to go!
B001LI7HJC Love these boots! I just LOVE these little boots!  They look way better than UGGs, are waterproof, warm, easy slip-on, and lite-weight! True to fit with a little wiggle room for socks - can't wait to waer them!
B001LI7HJC Love my mukluks !!! Love these pull ons!!!! They give uggs a kick in the backside. And the rubber sole is perfect for the snow! A bit on the loose side but u never fall short on room when you need to double up on socks.:-)
B001LI7HJC I love them! I love these boots! I get so many compliments. You can wear them in the winter or summer. Dress up or dress down. The boots make any outfit look great. I want another pair! They are so soft in the inside.
B001N102QC Great Timberlands I love the boots, they came sooner than expected and were exactly as pictured I am very pleased.
B001SARJXC Awesome My husband love his boot. It have  a really good material and very confi. Love it love it love it.
B001U89OGM LOVE THEM I REALLY struggled with ordering boots because sometimes you just want to try them on.  These boots are rugged yet "very" stylish for shoveling snow!I just noticed I made this comment 3 years ago.  I still have these boots and have worn the SOCKS off of them and still love them.  I get compliments on them all and questions about where I got them all the time.
B001U89OGM Helen the walker I really love these boots.They are so pretty and stylish. I love that they are waterproof and leather. They are also super comfortable. They fit really well. I really love them.
B001UGD7HQ love it it has an amazing feeling when waring it. and it also grabs attention.i love it and of course the brand is always unique.
B00295RHNM Love these boots! I have had these boots in the past...this is actually my second pair of these boots! LOVE THEM :) It is true what the other reviews say though...make sure to order a 1/2 size higher (I normally wear a 7.5 and I ordered a 8.0)...they fit great!
B00295RJ62 Great shoes for clinicals!!! Love, love, love these shoes!!! They are great for clinicals. I do have some concerns about the upper material because it is rather porous, but for the price this is a definite necessity for poor students.  These shoes may live by themselves in my garage when I'm not at work though.
B002ASAJPG Very comfortable I love the design. Feels kind of heavy when they're not on your feet but they really are not. Love the color.
B002ASAKN2 so far so good 1st week of work with them  love them  lets see if they stay together ..!  just love them really confi
B002NEGCC6 Love my timberland I love it. It fits perfectly on my feet. It feels light, and comfortable. I even had my friend order a pair.
B002ODU6AK I love them Love these! Next time I will order a half size down, but great quality shoe, so feminine because its cut low.
B002PMUH8G Love love love this shoes The Timberland Men's Earthkeepers 2.0 Boat are really really beautiful shoes. So comfortable, and the color is just perfect. I fall in love when i opened the box. Looks great with any outfit.
B002UD5Q22 Excellent Excellent Boots. Love the design and are very comfortable. Shipping was fast!! Love the price as well!!Get em!!! Love my timberlands!!
B002WGYJNE My Review I love my new boots! They are durable an stylish,my only complaint is that the suede is hard to keep clean,but most stiff brushes will do the job easily, it's worth the extra effort with these boots. I love them!
B002XKJXD0 love them They are great I got them for My 4 year old who is rough and they really are scuff free.love them
B002YOMJPY Going to buy another pair Love thease boots for work , dry in and out, fit is good, I love the support they give to my feet and ankles.
B002YOMJPY good when i walk with them love themdont wont to take them off and i love them in black u need to get them now
B002YOMJPY Love these boots I buy the same boots every year. This year I decided to get black and I love them. They are great in the weather.
B002YOMJPY Review Love these boots. They fit perfectly. Comfortable. Only used them once so far and I just love them compared to my other boots I have
B002YOMJPY best pair  yet Love the boots wish there was more good deals on this style and price range thank you so much love in it
B002YOMJPY Perfect for the Stormy Weather! These boots are just what this winter ordered!I love, love, love them!  They are everything I need in a winter boot.
B0034G54BM GO FOR IT! These are just amazing!!!! as I'm a timberland lover i love all boots they make, but these are just so perfect! they fit perfectly, look elegant but also great with jeans... goes with everything! I purchased black ones and love them so much! can't wait for snow to be here, so i can start to wear them. Definitely go for it! Timberland is amazing as it is!
B0034G54BM Fabulous Fall Boots I received these boots a few days ago in the mail (thanks super quick shipping Amazon :)), and I'm already in love.  Even though there are a few weeks left to summer, I can't stop dreaming of fabulous fall outfits to perfectly compliment my new Bethel boots! I received the regular width in a size 7 Burgundy, and I would highly reccommend that color to anyone looking for a deep, rich, chestnuty brown.  I'm a true size 7, and I find that these boots do fit a little tight around the foot, but I'm assuming the leather will stretch and give with time.  The strap at the top of the boot is perfect for making the calf tighter or looser, depending on what type of socks I'm wearing.  Love love love this boot and would highly reccomend it to everyone considering it!
B0034G54BM Love Them! I have gotten so many compliments and even from a man. Good quality, they stand on there own and are really comfortable, no wear in time needed.
B0034G54BM Right for me I already own a few pair of Timberland boots in this size so I knew they would fit perfectly Love Them
B0034G54BM LOVE The picture posted doesn't do justice for these boots. They are so much nicer in person.  The price is great!  The fit a little lower than the bottom of my knee. Super comfortable and true to size!
B0034G54BM LOVE THESE BOOTS! These boots are so durable, comfortable, and exactly what I was looking for.  Stylish enough to wear with dresses/skirts yet can where them with skinny jeans and cords for a more casual look.  Order a size bigger and if you have any pronation, the wide is the way to go.  LOVE LOVE LOVE these boots! Have them in two colors!
B0034G54BM Love, Love, Love these boots I was looking for a boot that fit my wide calves and was hesitant to purchase these boots due to the feedback however, my calves are about 15 1/2 - 16&#34; wide and these boots fit perfectly.  I received the boots very quickly and got them at a great price.
B0034G54BM Wear these all the time Love, love, love these boots. They are super comfy, fit perfectly with wearing tights, leggings or skinny jeans. Great traction too. And they of course look fabulous.
B0034G54BM Timberland Women's boots These boots were comfortable and fit true to size.  I love wearing them with a skirt or just my skinny jeans.  They look great
B0034G54BM Love these boots I purchased these boots in both black and brown.  I'm very happy with them and receive a lot of compliments when I wear them.  I think the style is attractive and they fit great.
B0034G54BM Love Them! These boots are my new favorite footwear. They are great with jeans or slacks and are well constructed to last.
B0034G54BM Love em! Love the boots.  Everything I had expected.  Fit true to size.  I have "athletic" calves and am able to zip boots with jeans tucked.
B0034G54BM I love this boot. These are my favorite pair of boots.  I love them.
B0034G54BM Love these boots! Love these boots! Fit perfectly and are even more beautiful than the photo. The details are amazing and I love the sole.
B0034G54BM sweet boots Love the boots but they do run 1/2 size small!love the look and the soles they are great in any conditions.
B0034G54BM Love them! I love them. They're comfy, stylish and practical! They are actually functional in the snow and ice. I wouldn't shovel the driveway but they are alot safer walking to and from your car, etc.
B0034G54BM I love these boots, Great boots! Smoking hot! We're a couple of the comments I got the first day I wore them. Love them!
B0034G54BM Love My Boots!!! I Love My Boots!!! I thought that they would be baggy around my calf because I have "skinny" legs. But the boots are adjustable so it's a great fit. I purchased them in black & have received alot of compliments in them. I Love My Boots!!!
B0034G54BM great boots i love these boots. I have never bought anything over the net and was greatly surprised. i love the buckle @ the top which you can tighten or loosen for tights or jeans. They are a perfect size 8.5 for me.
B0034G54BM Love love love them but wrong size These are wonderful boots but they run small. Amazon is wonderful for returns so easy. I am normally a 10 reg. but returned those for 11 w. I will post how it goes. I can't wait to wear them everywhere !&iexcl; I love the fact that they use recycled products in the lining and in the sole. Great way to improve our fossil footprint.
B0034G54BM Absolutely love them! You gotta love Amazon Prime. Ordered these yesterday and received them today. They fit absolutely beautifully and look terrific. I have somewhat thin calves, and these are very flattering and do not gape. Also super comfortable. I wore them for 2 hours this evening and they are absolutely fine. No blisters or rubbing, even when they are brand new.For the reviewer who wrote about these not being good for riding horses....these are fashion boots, not professional riding boots!!Highly recommend these and they were at least $60 less than on the Timberland site. Five Stars! Would love to get them in brown as well, perhaps hint to the hubby for Christmas
B0034G54BM Great boots, love them Love these boots, well made and comfortable...been wearing them almost every day to work, they stylish and go well with dresses and skirts
B0034G54BM Love love love These are a great pair of boots. Very comfortable and extremely stylish - just perfect for fall. They can also be adjusted (slightly) around the ankle and calf. I have another pair of Timberland boots and highly recommend them. They know their boots!
B0034G54BM Love these boots. Ordered the in a 7. I'm a 6 1/2 typically but figured I'd order a 1/2 size up. The 7's fit good. I like wearing thicker socks so I'm glad I went with the bigger size. Very comfortable. I love these boots.
B0034G54BM Love them Have received my boots & I love them.The boot was true to size, my feet are normal, not too wide or narrow.I didn't have to break them in either & best of all they look great !
B0034G54BM Love Them, But Large Ankle Love these boots, I'm an 8.5 and ordered an 8.5 but foot moved all over in the ankle even with the buckle tightened.  Wore thicker socks and still love them but seem bigger in ankle than other Timberland tall shank boots I own.
B0034G54BM Timberland Bethel Knee/bought through amazon Love these boots.  I bought them in 4 colors to go with everything.  Black, Burgundy, Tan, and olive green.  They are easy to wear and very comfortable.  Bottom of boot is made to wear in the snow and once waterproofed you can wear in most conditions.  LOVE THEM!  Of course, Amazon was able to ship them quickly and the boot came in perfect condition.
B0034G54BM I'm in Love! I absolutely love these boots. They are comfortable, and so cute! I get lots of compliments on them. I'll be ordering them in brown next week!
B0034G54BM Love my new timberlands. These boots are sweet!  I love the quality and styling and have received lots of compliments on them. They are a bit snug at the upper calf but stretch a wee bit each time I wear them.
B0034G558E I Love These Boots! I love love LOVE these boots! They are both comfortable and fashionable, and were even comfortable to wear the entire first day. I've had many compliments on them, too.The review that states they could be a little tight until they stretch is correct, but it only took one wearing to be able to wear them with my knit wool socks (hand knit, not the bulky socks from the men's department).I highly recommend them!
B0034G558E amazing boots I love them soooooooooooo much. they fit perfectly and go with every pair of jeans i own. timberland is great quality
B0034G558E LOVE These boots very stylish, I was thinking about getting them in black also.I would recommend these to any and evryone.
B0034G558E LOVE LOVE LOVE I absolutely love everything about these boots.  They are extremely comfortable even for being new.  I have gotten so many compliments on these and I do appreciate the fast service when ordering.
B0034G558E Kick around every day boots.... Love the brand, love the style and love them with my Free People Boho dresses for everyday fun. Smexy stuff!
B0034G558E I LOVE these boots. The fit is initially snug, but since it is leather, a bit of wearing and the fit is just right.  These boots are beautiful, I get many compliments when wearing them.  They look great with leggings, jeans and casual skirts.  LOVE LOVE LOVE!
B0034G558E Timberland Love my shows... They fit like a glove... Not too big... Not too smal... JUST RIGHT ;) Love Love Love!
B0034G558E Size Runs a little larger than expected but very comfortable. I love these boots and want the black ones as well.
B0034G558E Love these boots! Have been wearing these boots every day since I received them. Very comfortable. True to size. Look great with leggings and skirts and skinny jeans. Highly recommend them.
B0034G558E Love em The boots are a perfect color and fit...Have them in black also! Love the stitching and two toned material as well.
B0034G558E LOVE LOVE LOVE these boots! Just received my Timberland Bethel Mid boots!  I LOVE them.  I had ordered a pair of Veronica Slouch Frye boots, but they kept sending me a different color then what I ordered, so I returned them and ordered these instead.  I am so glad I did. Much better price and WAY more comfortable right out of the box then the Fryes.  They are absolutely true to size.  I am a size 11 and they fit perfect with a tad bit of room for a big sock if I want.  They actually make  my feet look smaller and fit great around my thin calves.  Even my 18 year old son thinks they look cool on me!!I won't be taking these off for any reason and will wear them with everything!!
B0034G558E Timberland Bethel Love, love these boots. Price was significantly lower than in stores! Exactly what I was looking for and very comfortable.
B0034G558E LOVE THESE BOOTS Love this boot.  True to size even with heavy socks.  Very stylish can wear with anything, jeans, skirts, etc. A must have
B0034G558E love these i have these in the brown and i just had to get the black. they wear very well outside my jeggings and inside my other pants as well. VERY COMFORTABLE.
B0034G558E Love them!! Absolutely love this boots!  They look and feel amazing, but I do have to mention that I have narrow thin feet.  They may not be the perfect fit for everybody.  LOVe them!!
B0034G558E Go Timberland I got compliments every time I wore these. Stylish and Comfortable. Love them and can't wait to wear them for several winters to come.
B0034G558E Excellent Fantastic boots - I love them and have had lots of compliments on them!  They are true to size and I love that they zip up but also have the adjustable laces and buckle.  Very comfortable!  Would love them in brown too!
B0034G558E Timberland Mid Boots - Earthkeepers I guess all I have to say is these are my 3rd pair of the same boot, different color~!~  Love them and these and the other two are part of my 'uniform' every day.  I didn't think I would be wearing these boots into the temps of 30 in April, but I am..... people always notice these and wonder who made them... I order one 1/2 size bigger to allow the heavier sock -- I love my Timbies~!~
B0034G558E INCREDIBLE! I love love love these boots!  They are exactly what I was looking for.  They fit perfectly...and yes, they are a lil' stiff at first, but hey they are combat boots right?  I can't wait to wear them with skirts...etc.  I have to hide them from my 19 year old daughter who is in a band...because she wants them!  I am thinking of getting her a pair for Christmas...but do I really want her copying me?  :O) I have shopped all over the state for a pair of combats...and these Timbs are just perfect!  Order them....you will NOT be disappointed!  Suzette
B0034G558E LOVE I love these boots. I did not know Timberland made fashionable boots for women.  I love that you can tie them to adjust for different calf size. I have chicken legs so I love that feature of them fitting my legs perfectly. They are comfy Size may run a bit large but you can offset that buy wearing an extra pair of socks or lacing the boots of tighter. They are perfect with skinny jeans and love that they have a heel but not so high as I walk a lot in the city. Love the color and that they look weathered. Definitely recommend.
B0034G56L0 Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Atrus Boot - love it! Great fit (perhaps won't suit wide feet), good grip on the soles. Love this boot.
B0034G5IPY I'm in love! I love this boot & I can't believe that so many people find fault with it. Thank goodness, Robin :) also loves this cute & cuddly boot. If I could do anything differently I may have gone with a 6.5 instead of the 7, but that's just the way it goes when one buys boots online.:) And now warm weather is just around the corner & I will have to put my boots away until fall, once again, comes to visit - goodbye my new love boots~~~;)
B0034G5KAC Love love love the boots After reading the amazon reviews. I went up half a size.  And the boots for perfect.  I absolutely love them
B0034G5KAC Wear these every day! I love these boots! They match absolutely everything- jeans, skits, leggings! I love wearing them and they can look casual and classy when needed. So comfortable and the soles are great!
B0034G5KAC Love it! I received lots of compliments from my friends every time i wear these boots.I like the color and the style.I wear size 6 all the time but from what i read from the review i ordered size 6.5M. and it fits just right.I have to wear thin socks.This is a narrow boots and i have a wide feet.So sometimes with long walking it gets uncomfortable on my small toes from the pressure.But still i love it!
B0034G5KAC Love these boots! So comfortable! I love these boots!  I ordered a size larger to accommodate a heavier sock for winter and I'm glad I did.  I've worn these boots several times for a full day and they have proved to be so comfortable!
B0034G5KAC Love them These boots are super comfy! They are also very stylish and I can dress them up or down to my liking!
B0034G5KAC Love 'em These boots where just what I wanted.  Tall, cool, fitted.  They have good grip, which I need for where I live, and are very comfortable on my foot.
B0034G5KAC Great choice Soft and weightless, love the color, the leather and the brand. I love it! Buy your own! I hardly recommended it!
B0034G5KAC love these boots love these boots. i bought a pair last year in black. they fit and wear great so i got a pair in brown also a great price and fast shipping.
B0034G5KAC Excellent Love these boots. I get a lot of compliments, and the leather/material is beautiful.They run at the size stated, so I have to make sure I wear really thin socks with them, but I love them! :)
B0035LD1X4 Styling & comfortable Just ordered my third pair (all different colors). Love these shoes & gotten many compliments off them. Very stylish & very comfortable
B0035LD1X4 Love these shoes Confortable in extreme you will want to wear them all the time. Perfect match to any occassion. You will love them
B0039YJU50 Love them Shipped on time. I spent a lot of time walking and stand so these shoes are S&uacute;per comfortable. Highly recommended. I love them
B003AZZM3C i love my boots great boot easy to walk in , checking out other colors they came very fast i put them on yesterday
B003ELOYEA Love these Love these boots. Look great and feel great and are true to size. Get tons of compliments. They are warm and comfortable!
B003ELOYEA Love them I love these boots. They are so comfortable and stylish. I always get tons of compliment when I wear them.
B003ELOYEA Great boots! I ordered these boots last year, and I still love them.  They are warm and look great with jeans tucked in them.  I love that they have a zipper in addition to the laces because you only have to lace them up once!
B003ELOYEA I love them!! I absolutely love these boots.  They are so warm and keep my feet dry in rain and snow.  I usually wear a 8 1/2 and purchased a 9 and they fit perfect with still a little wiggle room in the toes are.  I'm 5ft9 and they fit perfectly since I have long legs.  They are tall boots, reaching about 2 inches below the knee.  I love them!!!  Will stick with Timberland from now on for my winter boots.
B003ELOYEA Wonderful OMG, I love them, love, them, love them!!!  They are very warm and totally comfortable.  I have large calfs and there is more than enough room, these are definitely keepers!
B003ELOZSU LOVE! I love these boots! I got these anticipating a super snowy winter but alas...it wasn't that bad this time around and didn't need them. I still wore them once or twice because they are ridiculously comfortable, soft, and warm. I would recommend to anyone!
B003ELOZSU Love, Love, Love I love, love, love these boots. I live in NYC and after our brutally cold and snowy winter of 2011, I was in need of a good pair of winter boots that could stand up to NYC's winters. I spotted these boots at the end of last winter and I have been waiting for them to go on sale and FINALLY amazon had them on sale!!! Boy were they worth the wait. I am a size 11 with slightly wide feet, and even after reading the other reviews advising me to order a size up, I ordered a size 11b. Since they don't make them in a size 12, I crossed my fingers and prayed that the 11 would fit; and they did! They fit wonderfully and they are SUPER light weight. It is a lot lighter in weight when compared to Timberland's 6 inch Premium Waterproof boots (aka Construction boots) or Timberland's Waterproof Field boots...Needless to say, I can't wait for it to get cold enough for me to wear them...so EXCITED!!!
B003ELOZSU My Go-To Winter Boots (and I'm in upstate NY) I LOVE these boots. LOVE. They are the warmest, cutest, most comfy boots I have ever had. I never have to worry about my feet being cold or getting wet anymore. Fantastic purchase!
B003ELOZSU Love these boots I have gotten many complements on these. Love that they at weatherproof. I've worn to cold football games in the pouring rain and my feet have stayed warm and cozy. I also like that they lace up because it gives them a slimmer look and a perfect fit.
B003ELOZSU LOVE LOVE LOVE These boots are warm, stylish, waterproof and rugged. Excellent quality for the price I had paid. They have been a godsend during this terrible Winter season. Would definitely recommend!
B003EO8PDS i love it I recived today this product in ecuador, im fascinating how confortable it is, really i love it. Im thinking to buy another one timberland shoes.
B003EV5KB6 best boots!! I love love this boots...and my daughter also loves them they look so good and are so comfyperfect
B003EV5NPY Love these, great quality These fit my toddler really well, they are snug, hold up great in the rain(puddles). I love the color and the inside is so soft and must feel great on my 18 mo old's feet. She seems comfy in them and that's all that matters ; )
B003EV5P0C Boots I love these boots. My daughter wanted Uggs but I was looking fir a different boot since she had them already. I decided to buy these. I am so happy with my decision. we both love them and they are so stylish, warm and waterproof. My daughter loves them as well.
B003JJB7RO Love the thickness of this sock! I love these socks.  Very warm, not itchy and perfect thickness for the warmth.  I like the pattern and color too.
B003M6A8VK Love this shirt I expected a heavier weight flannel, but it really doesn't matter, I love this shirt. It fits perfectly, and washes great.
B003MU8Y2Q Love it I got way too many compliments to count, sturdy comfortable boot that comes with both the blue laces pictured as well as brown ones. I love them!!
B003OBZT3A Love them I love these boots they are great especially with allthe snow storms in NY! they have saved me from freezing!! best purchase this year
B003TFEA5O Super comfortable! I love these boots, I get compliments on them every time I wear them, and they're super comfy! I'm living in them this winter.
B003TFEA5O Love them Got lots of compliments from people at work.  Love the camel color, it goes great with jeans.Very comfortable too.
B003TFEA5O love it!!!! Love this item..as soon as I took it out box I loved it. The picture does it no justice.  Is very rich..I have worn it around the house but not outside as I want to get it waterproofed to prevent or minimize damage to the leather.  I want it to last. This was a great investment and the 50% off didn't hurt either. ..
B003TFEA5O Love them! the 8 1/2 W fits perfect.  Wasn't sure if they would since some of my boots are a medium width and fit well; although, many boots I've tried on in stores in the last couple of months are too narrow.  I read many reviews and made the decision for Wide and glad I did.  Love the boots and have had several enthusiastic compliments since I got them a week ago!
B003TFEA5O Love love love I love these boots. I receive many compliments on them and they fit so well. I have slender legs so finding boots that aren't bagging on me can be challenging, but that was not an issue with these. Highly recommend!!
B003TFEA5O Love love love!!! My all time favorite boot!! I bought my first pair over two years ago and loved them so much that I recently bought another pair. Almost every time I wear them I receive compliments. Very comfortable boots once they are broken in and they wear well over time.
B003TFEA5O Love, Love...Love! I was actually worried about these boots because after I had purchased them I realized they were 7.5 wide.  I have a very narrow foot.  Fortunately they fit perfectly...so I am uncertain as to what is &#34;wide&#34; about them.  I can tell a little and I mean little difference if i wear a thin sock but I don't normally do that so its not an issue.  I am noticing that they are getting a light scuff from wear and I haven't had them very long..but I love that about them. It adds to the character of the boot. I cant say anything bad about them...I would definitely recommend them to others!
B003TFEA5O Awesome boots!!!! I am not the high heel type of girl, so these are perfect! I have a tons of compliments and people wanting to know where I got them!Love love!
B003TFEA5O Love the fit and the look I just love this boot, it is so comfortable. So worth the price. I would definitely buy more of this brand.
B003TFEA5O love I absolutly Love them,I am very happy with my investment. Built very well, I'm sure they will last a long time.
B003TFEA5O Love Love Love these boots I love these boots. This is the first time I have purchased boots online. I was afraid because I have wide feet and big calves. I ordered the 9W and I wear a 8.5 shoe. When I first got them the left boot was like a glove but the right had like an inch of space where it wouldn't zip. I started to cry because this seems to always be the problem. But my hubby wouldn't let me give up. I put on some tights and he got a pair of plyers and we zipped those bad boys up. I was uncomforitable for about an hour and then they stretched out. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to wear with skinny jeans. But we did the same thing. I still cant get them on by myself but I have only worn all day once. They are very comforitable and I have had great compliments on them. I Love them. So glad I didnt give up. Leather will stretch no need for wearing them in water or all the other things I looked up. Just put them on and wear them and they will give.
B003TFEA5O It's awesome! I love this boots!!! It's comfortable and pretty beautiful! the size is just fit my size. Love it so much! The price is lowest than other web service !
B003TFEA5O great deal! I love these boots.  The first pair that I got were a bit unraveled so I gave it a 4 instead of a 5.  As for the service and delivery...both were speedy, professional and I was quite satisfied.The color, style and &#34;wow&#34; factor is all there.  I shopped all around and even went to other retailers and Timberland's official site....this was a great deal!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my boots....
B003TFEA5O Awesome boots LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these boots!!!  They fit true to size and are very comfortable. If you are considering these boots, buy them!!!
B003TFEA5O Love them!!!!! I Love, Love, Love them true to size and very comfortable and looks exactly like the picture.. They also arrived earlier than expected..
B003UFJCP6 I love the style of my Timberland Boots and fit was perfect. My Timberland boots squeak a lot, but I love them anyway.  Also, because they a very low inside I put an extra orthotic lift inside. My hope is that they will stop squeaking down the road. I believe the squeak comes from the leather tong rubbing against the shoe string eyelets.
B003VMD68C i love em i love these shoes. im always getting compliments on them, and they are comfy. i dont go jumping through puddles with them or boating so i cant comment on their waterproof capabilities (i have other shoes for that) but they work for me. A+
B003VN39RO I love this item I love this item. I advise buying this item. It is quite comfortable, beautifuland the delivery was very fast.
B003WSXNWY Love at first sight The timberland look with chic in a boot style pump.  perfect for the office or going out .  Totally comfortable  Love them!
B0041FYSIA I love them! Timberland is my favorite brand for shoes. These shoes are beautifully good looking; solid yet soft. They are very comfortable and I love them.
B0044KN0PO love my timberland love the fit and the color/ very comfortable walking not to heavy weight. will definite recommend my friends and family
B0044KN0PO love my tims these shoes look like they had been used they did not come in the timberland box to make me question are they really timbers?????love the color
B004EHXZ1Q Love these! This shoes are just adorable!  They look good with anything..jeans, shorts, dress pants.  They fit very well.  We love these shoes.
B004K22QM4 Love my Boots Love my boots!! Great price but comes with with slight defect, barely noticeable! Great purchase overall. (they require 4 more words :-))
B004K66PAE The best boots I love this boots. They are very comfortable. I was able to wear them from morning to evening and no pain at all. I love the color. And, they are perfect for petites.
B004K66PAE Love them. These are perfect.  Amazingly comfortable.  I love boots, have a ton of them and these are the most comfortable ones I own.  I can walk in these all day and feel like I was wearing sneakers.  I am constantly looking at the Earthkeepers line now before I make any further boot purchases, I am so impressed with the quality and comfort.
B004K66PAE My favorite boots ever, even with the size mismatch Love the leather. Love the sole. Love the pointy/boxy toe. I assumed that since my other Timberland shoes were a size 9.5, I should order the same size for my Timberland boots. They're too roomy and slip around a bit, but still super comfortable. I refused to exchange them because I was in love.
B004K66PAE Love them! These boots fit true to size and are very comfortable.  I wear them with jeans and will skirts.  Very glad I bought them!
B004K66PAE Love them Love love these boots.. I get tons of compliments every time I wear them...they fit perfect and I would defiantly buy another pair..
B004K66PAE Love, Love, Love I have these in Olive Suede and Black.  Love both of them.  Super comfortable!  About sizing, I am always a 9M in every shoe, so that is what I ordered.  I liked that they felt a little snug with tights at first because they are real leather and will stretch.  They are perfect now after wearing a few times.  Who wants a boot that flops around on your foot?  However, if you will be wearing thick wool socks for very cold weather, you will have to go up most likely half a size and wide.
B004K66PAE Love love love...so comfortable! I bought my 1st pair at the mall! Loved them so much I just ordered them in black also!  I am a bartender and I'm on my feet for 9 hours a night running around like crazy. These boots are so comfortable I want to wear them every night. They were a little snug at 1st but after one night the leather stretched out and feel amazing!
B004K66PAE Fabulous I love the look of these boots. I have not worn them yet so I don't know about the comfort, but they look absolutely fabulous!
B004K6C6ZW love my timbs. Love my timbs, and this boots are no exemptions.  Durable, stylish and comfortable, affordable.  Even for me wide calf lady.
B004KQ0VXG Love them! I love these boots. They are very comfortable and the heal is nice and stable to walk on. I have not walked long distances with them but I have worn them all day and they rock. I find them to be true to size.
B004KQ4IWG Love this boots!, Love the fit and colour. I will order the black ones soon. And u can't beat the price for great quality!,
B004L36UN8 love love love I've wanted to buy these earlier and never broke down and spent the coin.  Bad decision.  i love them.  right and sturdy.
B004L8P6HO LOVE THEM i love love love these boots, i'm a bartender and a bar manager which means i spend A LOT of time walking around and standing, i have worn them almost everyday since they came. STOP READING AND CLICK ADD TO CART!
B004LKVGNU love them Boots are very warm, comfortable, waterproof, love this sport style, i usually wear them, when we walk with children. Gave 4 stars, because sude looks a little bit old and the color looks like it burnt out, not pure black.
B004LKVJP0 Love it Love this product. Just a little small for my size. I should choose 6.5 instead 6. It's my fault. Love timberland.
B004LLSV5U Terrific boots Love these boots; they are so warm & comfortable& so pretty. But they are so great it would not matterif they were polka-dot. Fit is true, love Timberland.
B004MPRQYM Great boots :) This is a must have boots for your kids!!! i bought this for my 6 yr old daughter and she love love love it.it is sooo beautifull in person with good quality too :)
B004PPLZEG Love them! A friend of mine has the same pair and said they were great boots, so I bought a pair. I love them! They are very  comfortable. I also found out they are totally waterproof when I ended up almost ankle deep in water. I absolutely recommend them!
B004PPLZEG Love them I love these boots. I had a brown pair that I bought at the outlet store and I wanted a black pair to ride on the bike, Love them.
B004RQ95Q8 I really love these shoes I really love these shoes. I am an electrician and wear them almost every day more than a year now on all types of construction sites. They are comfortable,they don't slip also they still look good.
B004WJ6TS2 Love them I love these they look great can't wait to see my husband face on his birthday he is going to love them
B004ZCE19U the nicest boots I got ever Looks good fits good I love them then they were a nice price and I love some some timberland boots
B0052A7F2Y Great Shoe These are a great shoe.  I am a Nurse and I work 12 hour shifts and I love, love, love these.  Best pair I have had in 6 years!
B0052A7F2Y Love, love, love these shoes I love these shoes. I have always purchased Timberland Pro's for work they for great and super comfy. Shipping was fast, packaging was great. Couldn't be happier with these shoes.. Oh and did I mention that they're super cute?! Have gotten so many compliments on these shoes!
B0052A7F2Y Nurse-approved footwear Ever since I found these Timberlands they are all I want to wear for work. I'm a nurse and in my feet for the better part of a 12 hour shift, so it's imperative to have comfortable footwear. These shoes fit snug, but not tight and my feet don't flop around all night like they did with Crocs clogs. Love love love! These are my third pair!
B0054NLWUU love this bag I love the brand it's durable the material is great I like the color and the style, my only issue is, it's small I thought it would be bigger I am considering giving it to my 6yr old son instead of my 8yr old.
B0056QVSQ8 Wonderful They fit true to size. I love to wear these to work, My feet never get tired while wearing these. They are way better than my old new balance shoes. I get many compliments as to how stylish they are. I love that they can just be wiped off with a disinfectant wipe and its clean. I would recommend this shoe to anyone in the health care field.
B0058RMG4I love it love love love it just what i was hoping for and it is perfect.I think it's going to be my favorites this summer
B0058SJKA0 Love at first sight Love them! Comfy, pretty, got a lot of compliments!The wedge it's just ok to wear all day long.I bought 7.5M and it is a true size.The color is so neutral as I was expecting... no surprise...I only like rubber outsole shoes... I hate that sound following every step I make... these ones are perfect for me.Enjoy!
B00590LGE0 timberlands I love timbs. they are consistent in sizing. They fit and are a casual and cute shoe. I love these colors
B00590WN4C Love it I love the shoes!!!! This shoes is very comfortable and stylish as well. I can wear them from day until night.
B00590WN4C i love these shoes i love these shoes they are perfect fit sexy i love them i want to get them in a different colours  theyre comfortable alway.
B00591ZHXK Exactly what I have been looking for Oh I so love these boots! True to size, extremely comfortable. I tried some Clark's desert boots on in the store and these are much more comfortable. More padding on the foot bed makes all the difference. I'm pretty sure I'm going to need to buy another pair in a different color I love these so much.
B005A5YQ2S love it i love it fits and color is actually more beautiful and looks good in real live then on picture. recommend it to everyone who looks great quality product .
B005A5YQ2S I love my new boots These new pair of boot is just lovely, they fit great and look awesome, I love wearing them. I recommend!
B005A6CA5C Love it I love this boots. Use it every day. Well made and very confortable. Also water proof.Went in a 7 day trip last week can not ask for better shoe.
B005A7QVKQ Nice slip-on shoes I love the look and style and they are very comfortable. They were a perfect fit. Not too tight or too loose, but that would all depend on your own foot. I love them.
B005AD2V3Q Love them! I love them but need to get more pink clothes so I can wear them more!  I have always wanted shoes like this and now I have two pairs.
B005BWB2QI I love it very good
B005BWB2QI Love These! I am currently wearing these as I type this.  One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on. LOVE THEM!
B005BWB2QI love it, i got the order quickly than i thought, it came to the house earlier after we leave for out of the country..i know my hubby will love it. and plan to order again shoes for my dad
B005BWB2QI i love the shoes! it's very good !fit my shoes .i love the shoes ,the color is beautful,my family love it.I will buy again.
B005ERZ6MQ I love these shoes I love these shoes.  It's a newer version of the last 2 pairs I've had.  Goes with dress slacks or blue jean shorts.  Very versatile;)
B005FI1VE6 Love 'em Bought two pairs for twin sons and they love it. I love it too because of the quality of the make.
B005FI1VE6 I love these sandals for my daughter. I want to buy every size! They last forever and they seem to be super comfortable! Love them love them!
B005FI1VE6 Love em! Great quality!  Great color selection!  Fit great!  Love 'em!
B005FM5Q3O Love these Couldn't be better. No problems at all. Love the look, and fit. Seem like they will hold up very well. More money than I would spend on kids shoes but these will last.
B005FM5Q3O good it is a good product and nice look, my kid love it ,I hope can be resistable too , I love that too
B005FMBDD6 I love it I'll never get disappointed with a Timberland product. I love it and so does my 2 year old. I'm happy I bought these.
B005I6RZXG Love them! I am on my feet all day, walking around a high school campus.  Love the support of these shoes! They fit and feel great.
B005I6RZXG Love them!! Highly recommended by my Foot & Ankle Specialist and working on cement floors these shoes are the best!  This is my 3rd pair.  Love them!!
B005LCQYYS I love it The shape is stylish and suitable for me. the price is accepble. i love it and suggest you buy one
B005LCQYYS Love Timberland I love Tilberland,just because.I just came from China,I use to wear Timberland shoses in China,althouge this one is someehat small,I still love it.
B0067PHNLG Timberland Mens  Work Boots 43590 Scuffproof II 6" Premium I love this boot,its warm and comfortable and I will tell anyone who ask about it how much I love my timberland.
B006T307QE love um had these for about 2 weeks now and love them. I work on concrete all day and never had such a good fitting boot. slight thing I am having is the grey mesh on the side is starting to fray. Hope this does not turn out to be an issue later.
B006T32HSK Love these things Truly a Cadillac among other boots i have tried. Looking forward to buying a set of these for summer without the insulation.Love these things.
B006ZGV4GC boots love love love ,i am a shoe fanatic therefor i love love love. You should give me a free one.
B006ZGV9LM i love leather! i was surprised they were tight. im going to get them stretched. i love the detail on the back of the boots.
B006ZGV9LM Perfect dressed up or down! Love love love these boots! They fit like a dream.  I am tall and have big feet (size 11) and thin legs. I have order many boots but these were the only ones that don't gape at the top. Perfect for every day use but still hold there on with a skirt or dress.
B006ZGV9LM Super Comfortable cute boots! I love love love these boots. They are well made and comfortable to wear for a long period of time.  Super stylish, and most importantly, comfortable! I love these.
B006ZGV9LM 5 star - love my boots I love my Timberland Women's Stratham Height tall boots.  I love the way they hug mylegs tight.  No gapping.  They are comfortable and easy to walk in.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE!! These boots could not be better.  Seriously.  I love them.  They are perfect to wear with black pants and they make a great line because there is no buckle.  I had looked for boots like this for the longest time and here they were at Amazon!! So glad there is an online store that has SOOOO many options!  Great work Amazon and Timberland :)  Boots are phenomenal.
B006ZGV9LM LOVE IT!!! I will recommend this product .They fit as expected and I was able to walk all day with Stratham Heights Wedge Boots. Love IT!!!
B006ZGZ9RM Love them!! Love the boots! Fit well, love the color, good quality. Have had tons of compliments on them! Super comfortable too!
B006ZIGRXA I love my boots they are very comfortable and i would recommend to others I love timberland I feel like all there shoes are comfortable and affordable in price, I will recommended to others.
B006ZIGRXA love them Love love love these boots. I have foot problems and these are very comfortable . For ladies with bigger calf's there is plenty of room in the shaft of these boots. and they come in medium and wide width. If they came in black I would buy those too.
B006ZIGRXA Love them! Light weight- may not be as comfy as my Born's with similar sole- but they are so different! I love the contrast- reminds me of those old hike/work type boots! They are real tall- which is nice as I am 6ft. Will look great with jeans!!!
B006ZIGRXA LOVE LOVE LOVE I love these boots. I wear them outside in the mud, and they clean up so nice. I wear them everyday!Very cute boots.
B006ZITF7U Love these boots! So comfortable! Really cute and fashionable too! I had to buy the tan color too. I love them just as much
B006ZITXQI My favorite boots These are by far the most comfortable and good looking boots I own. I get compliments on them all the time.I bought them in my size, 6, and they fit perfectly with a thin sock. I will definitely buy another pair of similar style, or maybe even the same one in different color.Highly recommend!Almost a year later, and they are still my most favorite footwear. If I only had one pair of shoes/boots that would be it. I wear them to work, out, for dates, walks as soon as it gets cold in October and up until late April. I've gotten caught in them in a rain on many occasions and they held up great.The color is wearing off due to scuffs and scratches, but it only gives them more character. Love love love these boots.
B006ZJ2ZUI Love these so i have thick ankles and legs so i can't wear tall rain boots, which upsets me, but these are SO cute - i get a lot of compliments and i love them!
B006ZJ2ZUI Love my rain boots. The boots are great!! It feel so good on my feet!! Everybody I know like my rain boots . I love them!?
B006ZJ2ZUI Love these boots I love them. The color and fit totally amazed me. I couldn't be happier. I would recommend these boots to all women.They are great for the Football games.
B006ZJ2ZUI love them I love these!! I bought them months and months ago but I thought I would review them. I get tons of compliments and the only rain boot that I find comfortable. This is my 3rd pair of rain boots but these are my go-to ones
B006ZJ2ZUI Great for dogwalking Fits true to size, comfortable, no need to break them in. Truly waterproof, love the funky orange color. Scored a great price. What's not to love???
B006ZJ2ZUI Love my Boots! I gave it a 5 star cause you guys always do a great job on delivering on time and also getting the right product. I love Amazon and I have recommended all my co-workers and family to Amazon.
B006ZTJI3K Excellent. Timberland is tops. I love all their products. From the moment I opened the box and remove the boots, I was fascinated. I love this brand. The Best...
B006ZVM90M Love them Love these boots!! Had so many complements on them already. You will love these boots for out doors and they are fashionable.
B006ZVM90M Love them These boots are warm, comfy, waterproof & cute everything I was looking for in one pair of boots. I'm in love.
B0070SHSGE Beautiful Leather Shoe I love Timberland and these shoes are perfect. Great fit at a great price. You'll love the non-slip sole that will also last a long-time.
B0070SVW3Y perfect! Fit great!  Love the look and very comfortable.  They are sturdy but wear and feel light.  Love my new Timberlake.
B00710M2N0 Love My kid love this boot  wearing all timeIt's coming on time  and exellentReally cool look  amazing and light
B00711TQNS Love the boots! The boots are just what I expected! Very well made. My daughter loves them! Very easy to slip on as she has slightly chubby feet. Lol. Love the fact that she can wear the boots by herself without the zippers!
B00711TQNS LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE love these shoes for my two year old daughter just love em rate em a five star because they were right size,came fast,it was new and of course looks EXACTLY like the picture.Great for the winter and i live in wisconsin so yes lots of snow they are just perfect and my daughter love em to i think she forgotton she have other shoes she can wear.........lol just hope she won't try and wear em in the summer
B00712M6YI My doughter love these boots Although the boots are somewhat big, both my daughter and her mom love these boots, its materials are really good.
B00713499W Love them True to size bought These for my daughter  to wear to school  this is the second pair of timberland I bought alway a durable shoe she love them!!!
B007135298 thank you timberland you are the best just love these shoes comfortable and my son can put them on and off easily by himself without help he just love these shoes
B0071BD33M Love them! These are great boots that are easy to get in a toddler. And easy for her to walk in.  Highly recommended.
B0071BD33M LOVE LOVE LOVE I love these boots, they do fit a bit bigger. I originally bought a 5 in blue and they only fit towards the end of the winter but I bought these as well. I got soooo many compliments on this boot and my son loves wearing them. Never has complained about them or tried to get out of them. Love them!!!
B0072NQIZ4 My PRO Women Shoes I love love my Timberland PRO Women shoes this is my second pairthey are so nice I am going to get me a blue pair too!
B0072NQIZ4 Love I love them ! no slip sliding around the kitchen floors, my legs don't hurt , my lower back still bothers me I thought these would help that but didn't.
B007597TP8 I love it It feels been made in a good quality. Good hand feeling! Comparing to my old one, I love this one so much!
B007782V1O I love timberland but I don't like the fact that They don't keep your feet warm and one shoe hurt my foot.  But other than that they look good on.  I love timberland products but I guess I was mis led by the previous reviews. I was thrilled at the price tho.
B007782V1O nice boots I love Timberlands. I love the fact that these have fur all the way thru, but they do run big. I usually purchase my boots between 7 1/2 to an 8. Unfortunately, I was going to send them back, I gave them to my 23 year old daughter,  who loves them.
B007782V1O Gotta love Timberlands! Good price! :) I love these boots! Shouldn't have worn them prior to spraying them since they stain easily yet I ordered a cleaning & protectant kit so should be good to go next time I wear em! :)
B0077853PU Love the style, built questionably I love the boot, love the color & I've had multiple positive compliments about the boot but I had to return the first pair that was shipped to me since the metal eyelet (which holds the laces) ripped out of the boot after wearing only 1 time.  I have since received another pair which has had no issues & I've worn multiple times.
B0077853PU Love these Boots I really like these boots!! Comfortable & fits true to size. Love them!!! I will buy another pair again &#128077;&#128077;
B007PT156M Love I get these every year!!!!!!!!! Love them they go with everything and last a long time. They used to make them with fur and it was so soft and lovely against your skin. These are still great
B007PT156M Pink Tims My 17 year old granddaughter love, love, loves these.  They are the cutest shoes I've seen in a long time and great for cold weather in Maine.
B007TGA2JM Love My Timbs! I couldn't find this particular style of Ladies Timberland boots anywhere.  I couldn't believe when I found them here.  I get sooooo many compliments.  They look great and fit true to size. Thank you AMAZON!
B007TGA2JM I love my new boots I get compliements everyday on my boots they are soo pretty and nice they fit well and I love trying to dress them up
B007TGA2JM Love my new boots Love this boots!!! The quality is excellent, very stylish!!! My first timberlands and I'm very excited to wear them!!! Highly recommended
B007TGA2JM love it love it love it iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii JUSTTT LOVE MY NEWWW BOOTTT super comfortableeeee love it love it love it..I walk alott and this are perfect .. not heavy.. the right heel
B007TGA2JM Love I love these boots. Love love love.  They are comfortable, I wear with skinny jeans, leggings and skirts with tights.
B007TGA2JM Love the colour, rich and warm. These boots are fantastic!  I had the banana colour some years back and wore them a lot, so was so excited about the new colour.  We live in a ski resort and these boots are practical and beautiful.  I am a boot connoisseur, with over 30 pairs and a lover of Frye, I wear these more than my lace up Fryes.  Good for all calves, mine are extremely narrow and I have an issue getting boots to look right.  My girlfriend has bigger calves and she fit them as well, just loosen the laces  So comfy to wear.  Price for value and look...a 10+Love, love, love these boots!!
B007TGA2JM AWESOME! I love these boots, i have got so many compliments from them, they are exactly as i expected, im in love and would buy again!!!
B007TGA2JM Love them! The boots were great! Really love they way they look on my feet. They are very comfy too!! :) :)
B007XRVTSK Love it I got this for my boys at a fraction of that amount on amazon and I received it couldn't be happier love love it. The material was great and I will definitely recommend it.
B0080CACCG Too much info needed I have an EE wide foot.  Fits OK.  My calves are bigger than most men and that is where the sioze is too small.  I have several OLD  pairs that are stretched out but sti1ll fit and I love them almost as much as I love my wife.  They are great so i will have some soon to be fitting pairs.
B00828VKFQ Love them! They are super comfortable, lightweight, my feet love them after a 12hr shift.  Definitely recommend them, fair price as well.
B008B5XICS Stylish and functional I love the color, love that the handle release is on top of the handle and love all the details. There are several storage pockets to use and it also comes with a shoe bag to keep shoes from dirtying up your clothes. The price was awesome for the quality of the suitcase.
B008J0PKIA Love them. They rubbed on my heals a little bit but that was expect with any new flats, but i love them.
B008KLEYLM Great shoes Great shoes. Needed to fit custom orthotodics in them worked great! Love love love love the shoes! Fit was perfect!
B008M27754 Love 'em! This is my second pair, different color.  Love the style, quality, and fit!  Definitely recommended, although discontinued by Timberland itself.
B008M27754 Discontinued for no good reason Love these shoes- just bought my 4th & 5th pairs after finding out they were discontinued by Timberland.  Love them for casual style and comfort.
B008M2OCP2 love these shoes my wife makes fun of them, but i love them !!! would recommend to buy them, super comfortable for everyday use
B008M2YZKY Love them Very comfortable, casual, love the canvas, easy to get on and off. I put my own inserts so is even better. I love them.
B008N6YJKA Very comfortable Love love love these shoe, very comfortable can walk in them all day and looks good with anything jeans, dress, skirt, shorts, capri etc... definitely buying more colors once my size becomes available.
B008N6YJKA Beautiful So soft, fits prefect. Only thing, they squeak when I walk. But I love the soft fit. Goes with jeans or dress. Love them, and want to buy another one.
B008N6YJKA I love the fit! They fit me great like if I had tried them on in the shoe store true to size and they look beautiful, I love them.
B008N6YJKA Love, love, love! SOOOOO comfortable! Sole actually flexes like a gym shoe!!! I could wear these for days! I would highly recommend for a casual wedge!
B008N6YJKA Love it !!! I love this shoes but gotta returned this color because the left one feel too small and the right one fit perfect. I ordered two colors the red one fit perfectly. The leather so soft and won't hurt my feet even I was wearing it all day.  Love it !!!!
B008N6YRCK I love the fit! I love everything about this shoe it's as if I saw it in person, when it arrive it fit  great and look just as it's picture! Love it!
B008N7H654 I love it... The product is great and i love it...i wear it from about one week allready...fit perfect and feel great in it...
B008V47G1S LOVE IT!!!! Oh, I love love, LOVE, these shoes! Absolutely comfortable, true to size, and color looks pretty darn close to the images displayed.Walked around in these cuties for a couple of days now, and there has been no blisters, pinches, or injuries (besides me tripping over myself, haha!)The type of material used for the shoe is very durable, and I can see this shoe lasting for many years if taken care for properly. I can't find any downside to this shoe, but so far, so comfortable!!
B008VT2GNG Love love love!! I have bad feet and on a whim, decided to give these a try.  I loved them so much, that I bought the cream colored pair as well.  They are just as comfortable as flats.  They are sturdy and I don't feel like I'm going to twist my ankle every time I wear them. They are worth every penny.
B0090JZSMW Love these I am not a shoe expert, but I have to say I just love these shoes. They fit well, maybe a little smaller than what I would have expected for a 12M, but very comfortable.  Have not had them long, so cannot speak to how well they might hold up.
B0090LEFQK I love its rustic look and its great for wearing at ... Feels very solid, I love its rustic look and its great for wearing at the beach or in other areas where your feet might get wet
B0090NROH0 just got them and tried them on and love the design ... I have them with me right now as we speak love the design peak ... and  love the design and the circular framing and everything about them and the color is really cool...
B0098X5D98 Love them very comfortable...love themneeded a good working shoe, I walk all night and they are the best! Feet don't hurt when I get home!
B009BC6AIE son love it The came real fast it was really hard looking for these boots but the boots didn't last long. I love it
B009NQY3RI it's very comfortable it's very comfortable and I am very love it's shape. if you owed it, I think that you will love it.
B009OL2L94 Love them Beautiful , super light, I hope they last me long enough and also love the color very comfortable to carry all day
B009OL2L94 great shoes. I love the shoes, great fit and very light. I especially love the color and can wear them with everything just a great shoe.
B009PNJW5C Love these boots So far I love these boots and they are comfortable.  I have been a Timberland fan for years and I love the material of these boots.  Even though I still like the wheat suede better, this is a very close second to them.
B00ABN8YVS love Tims!1 I love Timberland boots. I think these particular boots run a little small so I would suggest ordering a half size up if your feet are wide. These can really scuff proof and can keep up with my rough boys
B00AQMAYCG Great looking and comfortable I love these boots, as someone with small feet it is difficult to find shoes that fit and are stylish. I love timberland, and have stuck to this brand the last several years.
B00AR58UIC They are wonderful I love my boots keep it up got to get my niece some too she likes mine maybe I'll get her a pair too they are prefect for me got to love you thanks
B00AR58UIC Love These! They fit perfectly and they look great on my feet. I would definitely recommend these to others. Thank you very much
B00AR58UIC I LOVE IT These shoes are amazing and they fit perfectly and look exactly like the pictures. I do recommend getting these boots !
B00AW7M97S No regrets These boots are gorgeous! I love them and I can't seem to stop wearing them.These are even more adorable in person.Highly recommend these boots, they are so comfortable and I love the look! I find the leather soft  No regrets, love them!
B00AW7M97S Love, love, love these! I had my eye on these boots for months and when Amazon dropped the price to $75, I finally made the splurge! I am so glad I did. People literally stop me on the street to ask where I got them. They go with everything and are so well made. As other reviews said, they do run a little narrow--I ordered the wide and they fit my size10 foot perfectly. The boot itself is well made, the leather is a beautiful brown color and the side zipper is sturdy (I'm always leery of zippers in boots, as they usually break--but this one looks as if it will hold up well!) The overall comfort of the boot is perfect, I wear them for 12+ hour days and they feel great (And they fit nicely over skinny jeans...love this look!)This is my second pair of Timberland boots, and again, I am very pleased with my purchase. If you are looking for a stylish and functional boot...this is the pair! I would highly suggest them! And Amazon, as always, your prices and shipping are wonderful. Thank you for a great product!
B00AW7M97S Love these boots Great look, comfortable. They are a little tight around my calves, have to be worn with leggings. But I love them!
B00AW7M97S Snug fit A snug fit for a 9 M but I will hopfully be able to walk them in.Besides that I love them
B00AW7M97S Love these boots! I absolutely love these boots.  I saw them in the Timberland store but unfortunately they didn't have my size in stock.  I ended up finding them on Amazon for a better price.  Make sure you order a half size up.  Also, the boots feel a bit stiff at first but after wearing them 3-4 times they felt much better.  Very comfortable as I live in a big city so I mostly walk to get around.
B00AW7M97S Love my boots!!!! Because they fit great. It's really hard for a woman with small feet to get good shoes!!!! I love these boots !!!!
B00AW7M97S Love them They light and confortable. I was wearing them all day yesterday (about 8 hrs) and they didn't get me tired.
B00AW7M97S Beautifully made A+++ to timberland. Beautiful boot as always. many compliments already. I fell in love with them in the timberland store at the mall and looked for a better deal and found it immediately on amazon. I LOVE THEM!!
B00AW7M97S I love these boots I love these boots.  Great quality for the price.  Fit roomy but not too big.  They are my new favorite.
B00AW7M97S Love the boots. I bought these boots for my wife and she love them we may buy them again when she finish them.
B00AW7M97S Great Timberland Boots I have only worn them once, but very comfortable right out the box.  Love the color.  Love the details.  My new favorite boots!
B00AW7M97S love these it's a bit combatish but not over the top, very comfortable, definitely for skinny legs. I usually wear a 6 - 6.5, ordered these in 6.5 and they fit great, can wear them with thin socks. Love them!
B00AW7M97S LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I absolutely love this boot!  I usually wear a 8 1/2 or 9 regular.  After reading other reviews I decided to go with the W since I know my feet aren't narrow.  They fit perfectly!  They look wonderful and are made very well.  I am overly impressed with the quality of this boot and I would recommend them to anyone interested in them.  You can't pick the exact color brown that you will get from Amazon, but that wasn't a problem with me since I liked them all.  I received the reddish brown ones and that was my first choice.  Overall, this boot is very comfy and definitley worth the money!
B00AW7M97S Love Love these Boots These boots are absolutely amazing-great fit, quality leather, beautiful design and look so nice with many outfits. They have so many design details that catch the eye and even with my thin ankles the fit is snug. My daughter loved them so much she wanted a pair and was ecstatic over the price. Loved them right out of the box!
B00AW7M97S Great boots I love these boots, very comfortable and cute.  I Love how they can adjust to fit snug on my calves.
B00AW7M97S Love These boots are great! I love how they look, I get a lot of compliments! They are stiff to begin with but once broken in they are awesome. Wear thin socks.
B00AW7M97S Love these boots! From the moment they arrived, they have been so comfortable....no break in time necessary.  These are very stylish and go with skinny jeans or skirts.
B00AW7M97S Love these boots I wear these boots with everything and have gotten lots of compliments on them as well.They are very comfortable and are holding up well.
B00AW7M97S love them.... Love, love them. I would purchase brand from here again!!!!!  Awesome. Would make great gift for anyone on your list for Christmas or just because!!!
B00AW7M97S THE BEST THANK YOU SO MUCH,THIS BOOTS IS REALY GOOD.IT IS LIKE I EXPECTED.THE COLOR,THE SIZE EVERYTHING.I LOVE IT.LOVE IT
B00AW7M97S Love Love Love Love the fit and unique color of the carmel/brown. The width seems a little normal for a 8.5M but I know it will stretch over time. Love the detail. very Happy with my purchase.
B00AW7M97S Love my boots!! They are just as described, I ordered the wheat color and I love it!!! True to size and great quality!!!
B00AW7M97S love these a little stiff at first when walking in them but within the first day very comfortable.  fit was as expected
B00AW7RBGC Perfect Chelsea boots I'd been wanting these boots for a while now, and when I found them here on sale, I had to buy them. They're very comfortable and are exactly the ankle boots that I'd been hoping they would be. They look great with dresses and pants alike, and I would highly recommend them to anyone. Love, love, love them.
B00AW7RBGC Love so much I bought in black and brown! I love how easy this boot is to get off and on; I was worried that it would be too loose around the ankle because it is not fitted since there is no zipper or elastic..  It does slip up and down a bit, but I haven't gotten a blister even after walking around Atlanta all day.  I really love the small heel and the way they look with jeans.
B00AW7RBGC WHY DO I LOVE AMAZON.COM? Beautiful, really nicely made boots, but they did not fit right on my feet. I just returned them, and the refund is already in my bank account. Wow! you have done it again.This is why I love Amazon.com!The Loyal Ithacan
B00AW7RBGC Love Love my new boots, very comfortable. Wore them shopping walking shop to shop for six hours and they were very comfortable. Highly recommend
B00AW7RBGC Love! Love! They fit perfectly. I do have narrow feet, however! I have already received lots of compliments. Get these, you won't regret it!
B00AW7RBGC love 'em I love these boots, not great for winter but f-en cute! The sole is amazing, it just fits with any outfit really.
B00AW8HF9Y Love them the fit is perfect, warm and cushioney, look great, first time ordering footwear and 100 % love my timberland boots
B00AW8HF9Y Love Timberland This is my third pair of Timberland boots.  I love the fit and quality.  They last and last even through the long winters of The Rocky Mountains.  I have a long narrow foot and thinish calves.  These boots are perfect for me!
B00AW8HF9Y Absolutely love! They fit me as expected, tight in the calf. I love the casual, yet nice look. They make you feel great even with jeans. That little something else...
B00AW8HF9Y Very Nice!!! Love them the fit was perfect,came in timely matter.love the way they look and feel on foot.would recommend you buy these boots.
B00AW8HF9Y Love it!! It's my first time write a review. Really love it. Fit very well! And high quality. I like Timberland. yes
B00AW8J5RE LOVE Them I have an old pair of boots I just could not part with...they are held together with glue.  I have spent the last year purchasing and returning boots to attempt to match my old, beloved boots.  These showed up and they are staying!  I love them.
B00AW8J5RE Love Them Love them. The price was write.  I had enough room to place my orthotic inside my boot for additional support
B00AW8J5RE I Love Boot Season Love them!! I went up a half size because I read they were a bit narrow & they are a perfect fit.
B00AW8J5RE My beautiful Timbs I just love my new Timbs. They are soooo cute and comfy. They look great with skinny jeans and are warm and waterproof. Love,love,love
B00AW8JG9G Love, love, love Love the color. The leather is stiff but I'll break them in.  I notice the ladies staring.  They are really beautiful.
B00AW8JG9G Buy Them ! Love Love!  Already have a black pair.  Fits great and feels wonderful.  Most comfortable boots i have even owned. Great quality also!
B00AW8JG9G Love em Love these boots, fit perfectly. High quality leather and product for such a good price. Lucked out with these boots!
B00AW8JG9G I love these! These boots are perfect! I love the way they fit and look!  :) These boots are very comfortable I could walk in them all day.
B00AW8JG9G You will love these boots! Love them!  Ordered a half-size down and they fit perfectly!  Want to wear them everyday! I got compliments on them all day!
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots! Love love love these boots!!! Greatest boots ever they are worth every cent... Brand name store had the same boot for 229.00......... I got mine for under a 100.00!!!!
B00AW8JG9G Super comfortable! I love my boots! I bought a pair of brown boots from another store, I was looking for black, I liked the brown so much I had to have the same in black! Love em! I wear them all the time!
B00AW8JG9G Love my new boots Super stylish and comfortable and the color is great as well! I received 3 compliments the first day wearing them.  I would definitely recommend these boots.
B00AW8JG9G Nice! Love these boots bought a 7.5 and 8 as I'm always in between the 8 where too loose and the 7.5 fit just perfectly.... very comfortable and great price....glad I bought
B00AW8JG9G Love them Love the boots but need to go up a half size so I can were more than just a thin sock.  The shaft of the boot is nice and fitted, beautiful leather!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots!! I love them! Have had them for a month or so and absolutely love them! The leather is great and holds up well to the woods and you can dress them up.
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots! I wasn't sure when I first took these boots out of the box. I thought maybe they were too stiff but I wore them around the house for an hour and they molded perfectly to my feet. The leather is very good quality. I love these boots.
B00AW8JG9G LOVE! These boots are comfortable, fit as expected, and the leather is beautiful and sturdy. I am in love with them.
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots Love these boots. Even nicer then the picture. I usually wear size 8 and the 8  's fit perfect and are were comfortable from day 1.
B00AW8JG9G Love them. These boots are great. The rubber sole makes them comfortable to walk in. I'll probable buy the brown pair, too.
B00AW8JG9G Fabulous looking boots I love love these boots.  The color is perfect and the leather looks great.  They were very comfortable and true to size (I usually wear a 7.5 - rarely an 8 and the 7.5 was perfect).  The only downside is that they were too narrow.  My calves are 15" and these wouldn't work.  Soooo sad because I love them.
B00AW8JG9G Love Timberland boots I love this boot BUT it is much darker than I expected.  It's more of a dark chocolate brown than this color --which was a disappoinment --but, I love them so much I'll keep them anyway.
B00AW8JG9G Great boots!! I thought when I first got these boots I would have to break them in.  Nope, I didn't have too.  They are soo comfortable.  I just love, love them. Great quality and great color.  Just what I wanted:)
B00AW8JG9G Amazing boots! Great quality, true to size, I'm 6.5, so I ordered 6.5 M and they fit perfectly. Absolutely in love with my boots
B00AW8JG9G LOVE the boots I fell in love with these boots at Nordstroms. They have a rubber sole, the leather is comfortable and casual and the fit is perfect. Amazons has the best price for them. I was not disappointed
B00AW8JG9G Love them I order these boots because I loved their design and great reviews. I never had a chance to see them and tried them before, but I didn't get disappointed! Fit really well, true to the size. I'm 5'10&#34; with long skinnier legs and didn't have any problem to zip them around calfs. Plenty of space still left, with my jeans in. Love them!
B00AW8JG9G beautiful boot I love this boot. I love the fit, I love the color,and the price! It is a nice soft leatherbut also a very sturdy leather. You will not regret this purchase. I have average size calves and I like the fit.
B00AW8JG9G Best boots ever! Love, love, love these boots, I've had so many compliments on them!  They are also fairly comfortable and so cute!
B00AW8JG9G Love, love, love! I ordered these and a pair of Anne Klein's at the same time, expecting to like the AK's a good substantial amount more.  I was so wrong!!  These Tims are gorgeous!  Very well made, fit perfectly and feel so comfortable.  They have incredible detail, especially on the back of the boot with the suede threading. The AKs I am sending back for shoddy craftsmanship.  And I got these for 130, can't beat a fantastic boot at a fantastic price :)
B00AW8JG9G LOVE I Love Love Love these boots!! I was afraid the calf would be too tight after other reviews. They were snug the first time I put them on but have really loosened on the top of the zipper! Totally worth the money!!
B00AW8JG9G How many ways I love you! So it did give me some pain in the beginning. Esp around the ankles, the boots rubbed on to harshly and I had some blisters. However, after breaking them in- they have become my second skin. I can walk for MILES and my feet won't hurt. I happened to be wearing this when it was raining. The rain actually didn't make it look all dry and gross- it actually gave it some character. Love it and will recommend it to anyone.
B00AW8JG9G Great deal I love there boots and zappos had them for double the price I had to pay.  Love any timberland shoes because of great quality.
B00AW8JG9G Perfect I ordered a size 6.5.  They fit perfect and my foot is narrow.  I love these boots.  I get so many compliments on them and they are so comfortable.  LOVE.. LOVE... LOVE THESE!
B00AW8JG9G LOVE THEM TIMBERLAND LEATHER BOOTS ARE GREAT .I LOVE THE FIT AND THEY LOOK SO GREAT.AWESOME QUALITY JUST AS TIMBERLAND ALWAYS PUTS OUT.
B00AW8JL0A I just love this shoes! I just love this shoes! it's very comfortable and has very good quality! Tnank you Timberland for this :) :)
B00AW8K0WI Love them I bought these for my 12 year old daughter and she love her boots they are warm and water proof. A great pair of boots.
B00AZPQV6C Love them I absolutely Love these shoes. I'm a door to door salesman and they are great for the elements that I face day to day and are also very comfortable.
B00AZPQV6C Huzzah, boots! I friggin' love, love, love these boots! I'm wearing them right now. I kind of wish i were a violent man, so I could kick someone's ass wearing these boots. . . I just might give it a try.
B00AZPS9W6 Love them There the right size I love the color thanks Amazon :-) I make a new order soon. Wish I got that other pair too
B00AZS35GS I love this shirt. I'm never going to take it off. The M.E. is going to have to cut it off of me. Then I want it sewed up and put back on my for my funeral. I love this shirt.
B00B02THKQ love these boots but..... I Love them I just wish I could wear socks with them and not nylons ...#snug but I still love them.
B00B02THKQ Love love love these boots! They fit perfectly, like they were made just for me. They are made from quality leather, nothing low-end about them at all. The zipper was easy to use, the heel is at a perfect height, and they are very comfortable. I have to say, they are quite sexy with the lace-up and buckle, yet work well casually too. I give them 2 thumbs up!!
B00B9PADWA Love them Looked all around and this was the best deal I could find on this boot. Great boot. Love them !
B00B9PJBDC Two thumbs up for comfort Love its fit just right for my feet. Very very very comfortable shoes. I love wearing this shoes everytime everywhere.
B00B9PM53U I love it, but it seems a little larger I love it, but it seems a little larger. Very warm when wear it. Must be a good equipment in the snowy days.
B00B9PNY3A love it came quickly and it was pleasant to meI bought for winter walks to the husbandinside fur everywhere, and genuine leather from aboveI love this firm!
B00B9Q14BI Love Timberland Boots... I got these for my husband.. They fit perfect and he loved them.. Will continue to buy timberland brands... Love...
B00B9ROF6S Timberland Men's Oakwel 7Eye Chukka Boot Love Love Love. I purchased these for me and my boyfriend's one year anniversary and he LOVES them. They look great on him! Very comfortable! Very well made! Great price! This was an awesome buy!
B00BCJV7H8 LOVE these boots! These were delivered yesterday and I tried them on right away.  They were SO comfortable, SO snug, and so warm, that I didn't take them off until I got home hours later.  They are also lightweight - love them!
B00BCJV7H8 Love Love Love them! I've only been able to wear them twice since I've purchased them. But they are my favorite boots so far. Great fit & comfy.
B00BCJV7H8 Love, love the boots, but.. These boots are beautiful. I will have to say that they do fit really short around the toe area and I bought a size 10...
B00BCJV7H8 Love these boots - run a little small, but great! Love these! I sized up as suggested (i usually wear a 9, got a 9.5), and i love them! They're really lightweight, but super warm and snuggly. The night they arrived in the mail, I put them on to try them out around the house for a little bit. Forgot I was wearing them and not my slippers - literally - and wore them straight until bedtime - probably 5 hrs or so? LOVE them.
B00BCJV7H8 These boots are awesome! I love these boots!!!They are so soft and comfortable and very well made.Not one single complaint here!I love Timberlands for a reason; they are an excellent product!
B00BCJV7H8 LOVE THE BOOTS! I just have to wear a light sock, but very comfortable! I wear them all day long and love them!!
B00BCJV7H8 Best Boots Ever I love these boots!! So comfy and well constructed.  Incredibly warm, too.  These are my favorite boots of all times.  I sell real estate at a ski resort and they are practical and stylish.  I wear them to the office everyday, even when it is not snowing because I love them so much! hope they last forever!
B00BCJV7H8 Love love these boots So so comfortable. I could wear these all day. Even though they have laces, for me I just slip them on and off no adjusting the laces needed. Great for the snow, since we got 12 inches last night, I got to test out there warmth... It's good!
B00BCJV7H8 you will not be sorry love love love this boot! i got sooo many compliments on it! such a great alternative from the ugg boot, keeps my feet warm and are so comfortable
B00BCJV7H8 Love these boots Love the boots comfortable and warm. They are not toobulkyWould recommend. Get 1/2 large if u need to wear thick socks
B00BCJV7H8 Comfy! I love the fit and look of this shoes. It's lightweight and comfortable. Perfect for winter.  Love the color too
B00BCJV7H8 Exactly what I wanted! These boots are super warm, very comfy AND great looking!  They are also very light weight which makes them so nice to wear for long periods of time. I had ordered 2 other pair of boots (Bearpaws and The North Face) with no luck but this pair is awesome; LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!
B00BCJW35I Love these boots! The heels are actually a bit higher than I thought, but they are still comfortable! Love the look, and I know I'll be wearing these, since they don't hurt.
B00BCJW35I Love them! Love them!! Most comfortable boots I own!! I plan to get a pair in black. The leather is better and softer than I expected.
B00BCJW35I Met my expectations I wear 6.5 W, so I ordered 7 W. They fit me perfectly! They are comfortable and stylish. Love them!
B00BCJWVSM Love them Comfortable.  Looks great with jeans or dressier pants.  Can wear them all day and still comfortable.  Quiet shoe not clumpy sounding like some.  Love them.  One of my favorites.
B00BCJX6TU love timberlnd shoes I think I got the last pair, it's super comfortable and warm I can walk whole day with it, love the color as well!
B00BCJXLHW I love the boots I love the boots.Just the color on the website looks darker and the color in fact is a bit lighter. That's ok. I still love them.
B00BCJXLHW LOVE LOVE LOVE Waited until today to write the review because today was the first snowfall. First off, I purchased these from Amazon because Timberland was out of this color. Also Amazon was cheaper. This is my first pair of Timberland boots ever, and I LOVE THEM! They are so warm, sometimes my feet are sweating at the end of the day. I wore them in the snow/slush and they are definitely waterproof. One thing I would recommend is to spray them with the special Timberland spray to prevent them from turning white after getting wet. They are comfortable, warm, sturdy, everything I wanted in a winter boot. And cute! Would highly recommend!
B00BCJXLHW Pleasantly pleased as expected!!! Love the color, love the fit! Great boot! Feels nice and warm inside. Bought some for my son and daughter!!! Not the same boot other timberland styles!
B00BCJXLHW Seriously fantastic!! I haven't had a pair of timberland boots in probably ten years.... I tend to think that they are a little to 'ghetto' for me lol, but I do love the quality and how they look on males... This boot is exactly what I was looking for, a cute waterproof stylish boot, that is Sooo comfortable and warm and very in style. I wear them with leggings And jeans, love love love. I was very happy with the fit, because I had read other reviews. I guess it runs a little large, so I ordered a 8.5 and it is perfect. Definitely worth the 99$ wit h I found to b a bargain for timberland, jump on these if u can, because I know they will last for the next five years!
B00BCJXLHW love that~!! it's so perfect~!!!so love this boot~fit exactly truth and nice color~~~just love them~~!!! I want to buy one more pair if there still have discount~~
B00BCJXLHW Love it! I love it, it's super cool, fit great with skinny jeans and it's waterproof so it's perfect for snow season
B00BCJXLHW MY 10wide fit great in these boots LOVE the slyle ,warmer than I had expected with the thick fleece lining.So easy to get on .LOVE the fact that I can wear them 2 different ways - around my ankles or pull them all the way up.LOVE to get them in all of the colors that are avalible
B00BCJXLHW i love my timberlands they fit as expected.. didnt take long to break them in.. i love my fuzzy boots and am looking forward to buying more!!  good quality everything i expected and then some!!
B00BCJXLHW Cute but a bit stiff Love that these come in a wide, but they were still a bit too stiff for me. LOVE the black color with grey fleece and dark bottoms, but ultimately returned.
B00BCJXLHW Love them. & so does everyone else when I ... Love them. & so does everyone else when I wear them. They're super versatile, I've worn them with jeans, leggings, and even certain dresses and skirts. A couple of my friends bought them because they liked them so much.
B00BCJXLHW Love these boots. All leather boots should be initially snug and break in. Love these boots. Bought a pair in navy blue too.
B00BCJXLHW Great boot and better price I got these boots just in time for shoveling and cold wet weather.  Love them and love the price even more!
B00BCJXLHW Love it! Love everything about it. but it's just a bit hot to wear indoor for a while. Overall worth buying especially for snow weather.
B00DYQVWZ4 Oh How I love these wedges by Timberland I love these..I didn't have to break them in..on the first day of wear...I wore them in the office for 8 years and then went grocery shopping..I had NO issues, NO sore feet. You don't even notice you re in heels.
B00E5I40YK Love them The sandal was beautiful  I love them just I wish they were  half size not 11  they little to big everything  else is ok
B00E8RA1UK Love the shoes and the price! Love them!! Perfect for my son to wear to school and protect his toes!! The best shoes I ever bought!
B00EALU18Q Exchanged for a smaller size and now I'm in love! To large but comfortable. I exchanged them for an 8 which is still roomy. But these are by far the BEST NURSING SHOES I HAVE EVER PURCHASED! I have had dansko, Allegra, dickies, and even nike tennis shoes and have never had the comfort that I feel with these shoes!!!! Love love love!
B00EHHKWMS Love it I am getting a lot of compliments. The shoes are also very comfortable. That is what I have always been looking for.
B00GKPOJFQ Timberland Earthkeepers Boots It was worth the wait.  Wore them the first day I received them and kept them on for 16 hours. The boots were comfortable. I received sooooo many compliments.  I love them.  Will get them in black when I recover from the price. simply gorgeous  I love them
B00GNZFWA4 Great fit was very please I love them and I love how they fit they are comfortable and feel good while standing on that postal floor for 8 hrs these are the best boots
B00I2UWPAI Most comfortable boots....ever My second pair of Timberland Chukka's.  Love the fit, love the look and LOVE how comfortable they are.  Will purchase again when (if) these wear out.
