B00009WM7J Toes lasted six weeks. I don't know if it's my nine year old grandson who lives with me or just a gliche with this pair of shoes.  I purchased this shoe six or seven months ago for school purposes and the toes lasted 2 months.  I gave it one more try but this time they lasted 6 weeks.  I decided to pay for a more expensive boot because the cheap ones didn't last very long so I figured more money, longer lasting.  I can't recomend these boots.  Not after purchasing two pair.Twice poor Gramma from Murphys.
B000AKVA6I An OK boot These boots are just ok. The heel seems to shrink everyday and it is quite a step to put my foot in my extra wide boot. Also, The lining on the sole is already coming off of the sole after 2 months of wearing them. I would not buy them again.
B000AKVBCQ Soles split I've worn these shoes to work everyday for the last year. They are very comfortable, light, and breathe well. However, the durability isn't there. The sole on my right shoe split completely across the bottom and the slightest bit of water I step in comes up through the sole leaving me with wet feet for the rest of the day. I'm looking for a better option for my next pair of steel toe shoes.
B000AKVBCQ Not too bad I've been through 3 pair of these and they do a fine job. They're comfortable but after about 8 months the stitching comes loose and rubber splits at the ball of the sole.  They continue to dissipate an electric charge just fine, just don't step in any water puddles on your way out to the car.  I wear my Timberland Pro's every day to work and I'm pushing it to get a years use out of them.  Because the sole has split on every pair, I give em 4 stars.
B000AKVBCQ good work shoes I am on my second pair of these shoes.  I work in construction and find these shoes to be comfortable and like the steal toe on them.  As another reviewer said, the sole does start to fall apart and split in a little under a year with daily use.  I do mostly commercial construction and spend the days typically walking on concrete floors which will quickly take a toll on any boot.  Although I wish the sole would last a little longer I still intend to buy these again when my current pair wears out.  I would suggest buying good inserts for these as the ones provided do not give very much cushion.  I found I needed to buy a wide insert to fit the inside of the shoe.
B000AKVBFI so bad I hate these boots worse things i ever had on my feet. i work security in a condominium and i do a lot of walking i have to walk 30 floors down the stairs and with these shoes it was hell. after about 2 months of wearing these things my Achilles tendon was starting to hurt a lot, so i went to the doctor to see what was wrong, and he asked me if i had recently gotten new shoes i showed him these and he told me that these shoes are straining my tendon making them sore. he advised me to stop using these boots and get different boots; he also said if i continue to use them then i will continue to injure my tendon. so that's what i did. these boots are waterproof as well as good quality but the pain i endured was not worth even giving it 2 stars. careful what you buy.
B000AKVBFI Durable, Comfortable, Stylish and Awesome! I've had these for 4 months now. I am a professional photographer and I was looking for a steel-toe boot to wear while photographing field sports (primarily American football and soccer).I get on my knees a lot when I shoot and before wearing these my toes would cramp up by the end of a game. I wanted a boot that was firm and rigid to reduce the bend on my toes when kneeling, but I also didn't want them to weight too much because I often run up and down the field to get in position to photograph the next play ...these are perfect for that!The other thing I liked about these is the tongue is sealed all the way up to the last two laces so dirt and rocks don't get down inside the boot. I use to come home with my shoes filled with black rubber bits (used on turf fields), but not anymore!The Timberland PRO "24/7 Comfort Suspension" comfort system makes these boots the most comfortable I've ever worn, plus the traction on any surface is outstanding! The heat-resistant sole is excellent when shooting on hot days (especially on hot fields). I shot five games back to back (over a 12-hour period) in 110 degree heat at a 6-man football tournament last August ...my feet didn't sweat at all and while the rest of my body ached, my feet felt fine at the end of that long hot day.So far the only negative thing I can say is after 3 months there was some thread coming loose on the material in the breathing areas on the side of the boots. I just cut it off and haven't had any problems since. I'm pretty hard on my boots and they still look great 4 months later. Heck, they look good enough to wear to church on Sunday after 4 months of wear ;)The only thing missing is waterproofing ...my next pair of Timberland's will be waterproof!
B000BB15ZC Disappointing Initially, I was very happy with these, as I have been with Timberland in the past.However, within a few months, 3 or so, the stitching between the canvas and leather (or faux-leather) came apart on both boots. This is unacceptable in a boot from a brand like Timberland for the price. I expect better quality, and will not likely be buying Timberland again anytime soon. I can get better quality cheaper.On the upside, the boots are comfortable...until it rains or snows. Wet feet are NOT comfortable at all, and once the stitching splits, they are no longer waterproof. Haven't had any issues with traction, but as I got them in the spring and they had begun to fall apart by the summer, I have limited experience with them on snow or ice.
B000BB15ZC Decent boots I have had these for a few weeks now.  When I first started wearing them the soles were too hard.  There really isn't any cushion in the boot, other than the thin insole.  The outer sole of the boot seems to be a much harder rubber than I am used to.  I believe this combination is what was causing me some discomfort in my knees.  I bought a pair of third party cushioned insoles and that seems to have taken care of the problem.  I have worn Nike boots for many years, but saw these online and decided to give them a try.  Maybe I am just too used to Nike.  Other than the cushioning issue, the rest of the boot seems decently made.
B000BB15ZC Chocorua Gore -Tex Hiker Left Boot narrower than the Right Where the seam is sewn.Had to stretch Boot to make it wearable.Still puts pressure on the out side of the foot.I wear them for work and Half worn down in 2 Months.Definately not made to wear along time walking on pavement or concrete .Will be worn out in 4 Months.
B000BB15ZC totally disappointing i purchased these boots for my brother a while back because he only wears Timberlands and couldnt find his size in the local store in our country. they arrived well packaged and all but after a few months of wearing them (total of about 12 wearings) he had he strangest complain in all his time as a Tims fan: the body came loose from the sole!!! so that looking down at the boots your could see a crease all the way round-on both boot.he has never before had this problem and we have concluded that these are quite likely fake :(i definitely wouldnt recommend these to anyone- 'cept to say "dont buy these"
B000BB15ZC good boots For the price I cant beat these. Been wearing them every day for 12+ hours for almost 2 months. I used mink oil to condition them and they look great. Very comfortable, would buy again. Lets see how long they last.
B000BB15ZC Only a few months old and stitching is already coming apart I purchased a few months ago (but I don't wear them in the summer) so they have seen some winter weather.  The stitching is already coming apart on both the inner and outer parts of the boot.
B000BB15ZC Best boots I've had yet These boots have held up for me better than any I've owned yet. I'm not inclined to spend a fortune on shoes/boots, because I tend to destroy footwear quickly. My average is 3-6 months per pair. Sketchers used to last me about 9 months, which I thought was terrific. These timberlands have lasted over a year, and I'm tickled. Just slightly more than a year, really, because they're quite dead, now. But, for the mileage I put on them, and the pounding they took, I got my money's worth.The metal lace guides, which others have had issues with, have held up for me. I was surprised by that, as I didn't like them at first; the "speed lacing" hooks at the top particularly. I figured the laces would slide off too easily, or they'd bend/break in short order. Those have held well, and no trace of pulling out.However the rubberized bit was the first to separate, shortly after the one year mark. Right at the sides of the ball of the foot. Where the shoe should bend, not surprsingly, is where it started to separate. Since I find myself in standing water a bit more often than most, that hastened the end of their useful life.I still use these for yard work, when traction is not important (only about 1/16 of inch of tread left...won't pass inspection!), when it's dry. The rubber has completely separated from the toe on both shoes around the toe, so they're water scoops, rather than water proof. Again, I don't fault the boots overly much. I'm very, very hard on shoes and boots.Another benefit is the easily removed insoles; I use slide in orthotic insoles, and being able to easily swap 'em out, wihtout destroying the insoles, is nice.Recommend for anyone needing comfortable, light-ish, waterproof boots not requiring steel toes, or other specific OSHA/safety features. For the money,...hard to beat.
B000BB15ZC Garbage Quality I purchased my first pair of these shoes several years ago.  They were very comfortable and the only problem was the shoe lace fell apart within a couple of weeks.Purchased my second pair (replace the first pair) about 10 months ago.  Same problem with the shoe laces. Replaced the show laces; a couple of months later one of the lace eyes came apart and had to be replaced by our local shoe repair store.Purchased my latest and LAST pair less than two weeks ago.  Shoe laces fell apart on the second wearing and one of the lace hooks started coming off; one of the two rivets pulled out of the upper leather.Timberland's website claims these shoes are manufactured in New England, when in fact they are cheaply made, as evidenced by the quality, in China.Returned shoes and ordered Hi-Tec hiking boots.
B000BB15ZC Coming apart after a couple months. I basically use these for periodic, light-industrial kind of work - imagine walking around a warehouse moving boxes and working with a forklift.  I was really disappointed when they started to fray along the seams on the sides.  The exterior seams on both boots are open, now, and I can see the Gore-Tex inside (I think that's what I'm seeing... some kind of white stretched-polymer fabric).  On top of that, one of the shoelaces shreaded and the sheathing came off it... I finally replaced it with some 550 cord.  They're holding up ok, but it was a disappointment overall.
B000BB15ZC FALLING APART comfortable boots, I wear them everyday for 10-12 hrs a day.. They are starting to come apart on the side where the gortex meets the leather.. You would figure they would last a bit longer??
B000BFIHVS Not Sturdy I bought this boot for myself at Xmas time, then spent all of January away on business. So, when the shoe's upper started separating from the sole on my very first hike, I was already passed the return date with Amazon. While the boot is comfortable, it is very light weight, and as I mentioned, it's already coming apart. Very poor quality and a waste of money for anything other than walking about town.
B000BFIHVS I came back I had wore timberlands for 4 years, I wanted to try some other shoe for work so I tried Merrill shoes, within two months my heels were killing me, my only change was the shoes so I ordered the white ledge boots within four days the pain in my heels was gone and so were the Merrill's.
B000BFIHVS Horrible!!!! I have had so many pairs of Timberland boots that have lasted for years.  I bought these only a few months ago and they are already falling apart where the leather meets the sole.  I cannot believe that these are even being made and sold for as much as they were....
B000BFIHVS Not what I expect from Timberland I am a died in the wool Timberland guy been wearing them for 20 or more years.This pair of boots lasted me for 3 months,The entire toe on the right boot came apart the leather just ripped.Not what you should expect from a Timberland!
B000BFIHVS Very  good  boots i  bought  about  9 pairs of these so far,  and i love them,  you can find others  for a little cheaper  but these are  far more  comfortable,  i wear them out in  4.5 months  but i walk  allllll day long  in them.  they are by far the  best ones  i used  through timberland.just get them  and pay the  80 or 90 bucks  and  you ll be gald  you did  and  you wont have to read  mixed  reviews
B000BFIHVS Comfortable, not durable I've owned these for less than a year and the front of one boot's sole started peeling off, the leather cracked on the side of another and the heel wore completely through on another. I do wear these walking to and from work 2-3 days a week and I've been on a couple of hikes, music festivals, outdoor concerts with them but I've never had a pair of hiking boots wear out in less than a year. I sort of knew that paying $65 for hiking boots was too cheap to be true.That said they were waterproof, they look good, they're really comfortable. But if you're going to put them through moderate-heavy use they will wear out in 9 months.
B000BFIHVS Great boots!! I've got to say...I thought twice after reading a few of the bad reviews. But I'm so glad I made the purchase, I usually buy the Hi-tec Altitude boots, which I really like. So I was hoping that these met at least the same quality as the Hi-tecs....Well, they do and then some. Very well made boot, nice looking and super comfortable in the wide size. I've only worn them about 2 weeks, so I'll update again in a few months of wear.
B000BFIHVS Satisfied This is a great work boot. These boots are comfortable.  Last me about a year where most boots only last me 6 months.
B000BFIHVS great workboots Great price, and they last me around 6 months, which is longer than the walmart boots. Very comfortable as well. I am an auto mechanic, and I am on my feet all day.
B000BFIHVS Good boot Good boot for the most part.  I go through boots every 5-6 months.  Bottoms very durable and waterproof.  Warm, but after a couple of months shoe loosens up a bit.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Mens White Ledge Boots These boots were two to three times and the seam across the sole is already coming apart.  They are not sturdy at all.  If it weren't passed the 30 days for returning them, and having to pay shipping, we would have returned them.  NOT HAPPY AT ALL, especially for the paying what we did for them.
B000BFIHVS Most Comfortable I injured my instep 8 months ago and it never fully healed. It would get better for a while and than flair up again. I have worn these boots every day for the last three weeks and my instep is vastly improved.
B000BFIHVS The Soles Wear Out FAST !!! I work at Lowes, part-time 24 hours a week. These shoes were very comfortable and light weight.I wore these for work Only. Three months and it looks like the sole and upper shifted outward on the right boot, made my right ankle hurt. I Would Definitely Look At And Explore OTHER Products.
B000BFIHVS Very disappointed!!!! I bought this timberland boots 45 days ago for work; and the first week of used they start breaking apart at the toes....I was very surprised of the poor quality of this boots, especially because the brand timberland for me use to mean good merchandise but after this boots and the poor quality I got A lot of doubts about this brand; don't get me wrong they look you and fit good but they falling in pieces...When I tried to send it back my window for return was expired....the bottom line I got stuck with it......
B000BFIHVS I am not much of a five star guy but this one is it I have been wearing them for a few months and been through everything and they are still my go to boots.  I havn't taken care of then at all and they are still looking good.
B000BFIHVS great boot for the price boots comfortable right out of the box no (break in). Very light weight. I have bought three pairs 1 last year and two this year. the quality of the shoe lace hooks have changed hope this isn't a problem.
B000BFIHVS Poor Quality Fits fine but coming apart already and have not had them a month. No cushion, would not recommend anyone to buy. .
B000FX9A5S boot fell apart I purchased these boots on January 24, 2014 for my son, he works in construction. The boots are already splitting where the leather meets the rubber sole.  I am completely dissatisfied. I've bought cheaper boots for half the price that lasted longer.  I thought Timberland would last  longer considering their reputable name.  Amazon finally let me return these boots, but they charged me a $20 restocking fee. I would love to see the $20 trash bag they used to restock the boots.
B000FX9A5S Great boots, will buy again I bought this boots thru amazon and I used them daily for 18 months, and they just recently started to wore out. They are excellent for construction work. I will recommend them anyday, will a get another pair very soon!
B000G1Z9XG not durable at all Had these things for less then a year. the sole is completely worn smooth, even had to glue it back together. Get something else
B000G21BSC The real deal for all season rough wear These boots replaced a pair of boots I had been wearing for 15 years so I went at replacing them very carefully.  I wanted something that would not take months to break in and that would keep out the water.  Secondary desires were that I had a good brand, not pay hundreds of dollars for an occasional use boot and not make me and my feet tired from excessively weighty boots.  These filled the bill on all counts.
B000G23DQK Sole The sole was very soft comparing to my older timberland boots which have harder sole and more endurable.Otherwise it was ok. Still not as good as the yellow timberland boots.
B000G23DQK that is an bad boot. bad shoes I wear them for 4 months and is now at 90% departed gluing soles and upper part of the shoe lining water began to come inside. Purchases may be very upset that the particular case, and I was just unlucky but spent money for nothing. Sorry for such a review.
B000G23DQK thank god for a warranty Alright, they get 3 stars for the warranty. Timberland is currently replacing the boots I bought after the heels apparently wore out on the inside, and I was gaining some awesome blisters. I'd like to say that the boots were nice and comfortable, aside from that little detail. I would also like to add that if you are getting them shipped from boot barn I would definitely reconsider and pay a little extra to get them somewhere else. Boot barn not only took 3 weeks to deliver them, but I had to send some back because the sizing is weird and they did not fit. I didn't hear anything or receive a refund for 2 months! I finally called them and they apologized for the mistake. I was glad that I had reordered a pair of boots, rather than simply waiting for an exchange. Regardless, it was a 3 week wait for them to arrive, then an additional 2 months of them holding my money because they forgot to complete the transaction. A few days after my call they had finally refunded me for the boots.
B000G23DQK Soles Fall Off I wear Timberlands year-round, and this version of the boot cuts corners. The pair I wore before these has taken much abuse but is still waterproof after two years of wear. This boot however I've only worn for 2 months and in several places the sole is separating from the upper of the shoe. The first issue I had with the shoe was the orange inside stained my socks. The shoelaces are also cheaper and come apart. I'm buying a quality pair of Timberlands to replace these boots. Spend the extra $10-$20 and get the real thing, this product fails.
B000G23DQK not like they used to be made I love timberland boots, I've been wearing them for the past 5 years and overall I was very satisfied with them. However this last pair that I bought disappointed me a bit though. I've had to send them back after a few months because I was getting a very annoying sound from each one on every step I took. The return was easy, and I got my refund.I bought a new pair at a store, and have been wearing them for about 6 months now, but I a starting to get the same sound of one of the pairs. This issue needs solving fast.These boots are great for people who like to walk a lot, and not nesecarely walking on concrete. I just hope the quality gets back to where it used to be.
B000G24LJS Sturdy, well-made, terribly uncomfortable I bought a pair of these handmades 6 months ago. They're very sturdy and keep your feet dry in light slush and wet grass.  The soles provide great traction in snow and ice.  Unfortunately they're extremely stiff and uncomfortable-even after 6 months of trying to break them in.  Particularly painful are the insoles which are padded with something that has no give, so it feels like a marble under the balls of your feet, which becomes painful after a while. I WS only able to compress the pushing with a wood clamp, but it returned to it's uncomfortable original shape.  The soles, by the way, have started to squeak loudly, so forget wearing them in a store or a social setting. They sound like ducks quacking.I bought my shoes directly from Timberland, and tried to return them after two weeks (mistakenly thinking I could break them in). Timberlandrefused and said iI should take it up with their warranty department. The warranty department didn't respond to my email.
B000G24LJS No longer made in US  = drop in quality For about 2 decades this was my absolute favorite shoe. One pair lasted me a whole decade with heavy use (almost every day in fall, winter & spring). They were the best combination of rugged work shoe (without a steel shank), sportiness & dressier look. While they weren't completely waterproof, regular treatment to the leather meant my feet stayed dry in light rain or if I was caught off guard. The sole was thick enough & high enough off the ground that water/sludge never seeped in. The seems were extremely well sewn & never once frayed, nor did the eyelets fall out. Even the original leather shoe laces lasted. While the sole wore some, particularly on the outer edge of the heel (i was a heavy over pronator), the ridges in the sole never wore down flat in a decade. I don't remember if the soles were originally Vibram or not, but they were fairly slip-proof.So when I needed a 3rd pair (about 7 years ago), I picked up some at a Timberland outlet store (slightly blemished, but regular quality). I noticed they were now made in China (don't know if it's changed since then), but didn't hesitate since they were also on sale for what seemed like a good price. While they might not be as poor as some shoes from China, the reduced quality was noticeable in about 6 months: first the leather layer in the floor bed separated from the shoe, sliding all around (I had to use crazy glue to keep it in place). Then they scuffed much more easily. Then water seeped in despite maintaining them as I had the 2 previous pairs. Then the seems started to unravel, shoe laces broke, eyelets fell off. The sole became slippery...all in less than 3 years. I was even wearing them less than my old pairs because of the problems.Despite liking Timberland's sizing (they accommodate my larger, particularly wider feet better), I stopped buying Timberland because they shifted production out of the US (with a noticeable drop in quality) while keeping their prices high. I don't mind paying a premium for a good shoe, I do mind paying premium for junk.
B000G24LJS Last in translation I have had 4 pairs of this boot prior to the most recent purchase. They were all made in the Dominican Republic and have endured my travels all over the world. The most recent pair are now my yard shoes. The new pair are made in China and the shoe last on this pair is different than the one made in the DR. They look the same - the sole is the same, the oxblood leather looks  the same. The question is will they hold up as good as the DR ones. The I'll come back at you in 6 months with a further assessment
B000G24LJS Very comfortable, but ruined after 2 years In total I had approx 4 pairs of these shoes because they are so comfortable. I use them every day, but after 2 years they are completely ruined. I only walk in the shoes, never play soccer or go rock climbing with them. Usually the coarse stitchings on the upper front part are ripped and I had to sew them again myself. In the heel area there is a vertical stitch which is ruined after a few months of walking. Usually I dump the shoes when the main stitchings attaching the sole to the upper leater are ripped and the sole i falling off. That cannot be repaired anymore. At the same time, approx., the leather close to the sole starts cracking with the result of large holes. The shoes have always been well maintained with plenty of grease.
B000KVA7YI Poor made outsole and heel. Avoid buying if you do heavy duty work. I had a pair of boots bought at Wallmart fo $45 that lasted me for about 6 years. They simply fell apart due to heavy use but the outsole and the heel virtually aren't damaged and intact.With this shoe I spent one week doing a lot of digging and building - pretty much what I did with the old one but the sole of this shoe is not robustly made. I have one major crack in the heel and few minor cracks all over already. Don't think this shoe will last long at all. Wish I didn't get it at all.
B000MQHHB2 Great sock, just doesn't hold up. I walk very hard and I live in a city where walking is apart of my everyday. These socks are comfy but after about 1-3 wash cycles I got holes and thinning in the heel area, which is bound to happen - I understand, but not til at least 6 months
B000MQL2TK Starting to slip These things were great at first, but after a few months, they started to slip down under my heel and just bunch up. Nowadays, it seems like a normal occurrence for me to take my shoe off and pick up my sock.
B000NKIGNK Fast decline in quality I've worn Timberlands of various kinds since the mid-1970s. They used to last seemingly forever, but a pair of boat shoes I bought in 2008 was worn through at the heels in a year, and my next pair was shot even worse after a few months, plus the inner soles decomposed in a matter of weeks. Both pairs, however, showed little wear on the upper leather, and the stitching remained intact. Unfortunately, excellent uppers on crummy soles still makes a crummy shoe. No more Timberlands for me.
B000QW02F0 decent no break in period, but then again they didn't last that long either sole started to crack after just a couple of months and also had to add insoles to regain comfort, just glad i didn't spend the 140 for them at the store and that work covered most of the cost
B000QW02F0 Don't do it! No way! Less than one year of wear, both soles were cracked.  I don't inspect my boots often. I just put them on and go to work. Til one day I stepped in water and my foot was soaked. I then realized they were split underneath. A crack that ran almost from side to side. Timberland stood by their warranty and exchanged them but now they just sit in a box cause I don't trust them.
B000QW02F0 great boots Had these boots for about 2 months now and I love them! Broke in very quick, would recommend them for comfort. I work with harsh chemical's they are holding up so far! We will have to see about that....
B000QW02F0 great boots (except the soles) My husband loves these boots, they are very light-weight considering that they are boots, and seeing as he has to wear them for 12+ hours a day this makes it easier on his legs. The only down side that I have found for these boots is that the sole cracks pretty easy. We have to buy him a new pair about every 4 to 5 months because of the soles. The rest of the boot is perfectly fine, but seeing as he works outside in all kinds of weather, the soles crack and his feet get wet. If the soles were more durable these boots would definitely be 5 stars, but for the price we're paying, you would think they would be more durable.
B000VIDXE6 Long Lasting After going through a pair of shoes per month for a while I decided to search for sturdy forest exploring boots for my sons.  I bought them each Timberland boots and a couple of months later they still look new. Extremely sturdy and warm. Pricier but well worth not having to shoes monthly!
B000VQ9QKS Shoes fell apart, soles delaminated. I bought these shoes for my big adventure to South America.  I bought them in November and wore them on a few day hikes in Colorado to break them in.  I thought they were amazing for $100 - they fit my feet well, were lightweight and comfy.  I was excited to bring these as my main shoes.  Our first adventure was in Chile in the first week of January and it was a 5 day hike, I carried a 30 pound pack. On the second day I noticed that my foot felt wet when I walked through a creek, so I looked at the soles and the rubber tread was literally falling off the bottom of my shoes. The tread was not worn out, just tearing and falling off in chunks. I was extremely disappointed.  I thought they would have lasted - they SHOULD have lasted at least a few months!!  When I noticed them falling apart, it just got worse very quickly until 48 hours later the entire tread delaminated. I had to shorten my backpacking trip and hiked 40 miles out in broken shoes which gave me blisters and extremely sore feet.  By the end the leather of the boot was even separating from the cushiony foam part.I would not recommend this product - Timberland claims it is a trail boot but it is basically a running shoe glued (very poorly) to some nice leather - a city boot. I have pictures to prove they do not hold up on the trail, and now they are resting in a landfill somewhere in Chile.
B000VQBPOS These boots DO take awhile to love . . . but you'll get there!!! I had these boots for a year - wearing them about once every two months - before I started wearing them everyday.  I bought them while working a 9-5 office job so could only wear them on casual fridays.  Wore them when it rained, etc., and yes, the uppers are rather hard to break.  I used thick socks and made sure that when I did wear them, it was on cold days and I always carried tennis shoes for the office.  By the time I was laid off - about a year after purchase and started working for myself - meaning I could pretty much wear pink Timberlands if I wanted to - I was living in these boots.  I originally purchased them for $50 at Burlington Coat Factory but my feet overpronate so one side of the heel is more worn than the other; thus, I'm shopping for a new pair.  I LOVE THESE SHOES!!  Wore them all summer, with shorts, jeans, khakis, everything.
B000VW69IY Great shoe, but soles wear out fast I'm about to order my third pair, but fair warning these are for light duty use.  They have soft grippy soles with air pockets that can handle almost anything with comfort on an occasional basis, but are best used if the majority of walking is done in a carpeted area.  If you walk on concrete/tar a lot, you'll probably find the soles do not last long enough for your taste.  First the center air bubble will pop, then the inner sole will crack along the back of the bubble, and once that happens, they leak.  Mine have lasted about a year and a half on average, but I'm fairly sedentary most days.  Definitely not a shoe for foot-draggers.
B000VWJIUK beware the thin edge of the heels - wears out very quickly I've been wearing Timberlands for a few years now and find them very comfortable and they look great too. However the men's leather shoes have one major design fault: the edge of the sole is thin. As you can see if you zoom the pics on Amazon, the sole has raised areas which are quite thick, but the edge of the sole is actually very thin. This is a problem on the heel; as you walk, it is the edge of the heel which touches the ground first, and if the rubber is very thin there, you will wear it out quickly. I had to re-sole my Timberlands after just a few weeks! The rest of the shoe was in perfect shape, but the edge of the heel had worn away completely. This is a basic design flaw and I will look very carefully at the soles of any Timberlands I buy in future.
B000VX01V4 Class It Up for a Great Price Let me start off by saying that I've bought two pairs of these shoes, one for me about a year ago, and one for my dad for Christmas this year, and unfortunately had to send his back due to the sizing being a bit off (my fault). I've heard a lot of grief about Timberland shoes in the past few years, that the quality is bad and that the shoe falls apart. Honestly, this depends on the buyer, and what pair you're given; but I can honestly say that I've had my pair for over a year now, and they've held up fantastic. The leather has darkened nicely, shines up pretty well too. The sole has a nice non-slip texture, and at first glance, I was skeptical, but after wearing them in the rain, I can say that it does work. The only problem I've had with the shoes is that there isn't really an insole (which doesn't bother me), and that the very small lifts that we in mine had come loose: probably the glue that held them there wore off. I just put some glue I had laying around on them to hold them in place and that solved the problem.
B000VX01V4 always I always wanted a pair of these - couldn't get them directly out of Amazon,impossible to find in Brisbane - after three months the sole/heel liners fell out,but a bit of contact adhesive & they are great again
B000VX01V4 Great-looking shoe with strong sole. Leather broke within two months. The leather of boat shoes is supposed to stretch somewhat, but this one actually *broke* across the top of the my foot. I inserted an innersole under my orthotic, for a snugger fit, but the leather should *not* have pulled out of the stitches as it did, after only two months. Cheap leather = short life for the shoe. I'll buy a different brand next time.
B000VX03GC These must be Factory Seconds, they are junk My husband has had three pairs of these boots, they have always lasted a year. These boots from Amazon have totally fallen apart in three months. The soles have separated from the boot completely from the toe to the middle and the uppers are a worn out, shapeless mass. These have got to be seconds or "Timberland for Amazon" or some such. Save your money and buy them at a store.
B000VX03GC It's been over a year It's been over a year, and I still wear these boots.  I work as an outdoor educator, and wore these almost everyday.  Only until a few days ago did the sole start to show signs of coming off.  Great boot
B000VX03GC my boot I have been wearing Timberland boots for a long time. I have two pear and alternate days wearing them. They last longer that way.
B000VX03GC Great Pair of Boots I've had these boots for several months now and I wear these boots on a daily basis. They still feel very comfortable and as soon as I wear them out, I plan on buying another pair if they are still available. The shoe strings and eyelets are all still in great condition, as well as, the leather upper. The soles are starting to wear but, as I stated above, I wear them on a daily basis.
B000VX03GC Great hiking boots, not too heavy. I was really pleased with these boots. The sizing was spot on. The fit and comfort surprised me. I hiked 11 miles in the Tetons and my feet never felt sore afterward. Great boots!UPDATE 1/3/2013: Nearly 9 months later, and I still love these boots. I didn't get to wear them during the summer or early fall, but for the past couple months I wear them almost daily. They are probably my favorite shoes because they are so comfortable. They have held up in appearance very nicely, too.
B000VX03GC Soles wear too fast First I have to say that these boots are the most comfortable that I think I have ever owned. Extremely light weight and great fit. I absolutely love these boots except for one thing. The soles are wearing very fast, especially at the heel strike. I've been walking 3 miles a day five days a week for six weeks. Granted it is mostly on concrete and asphalt. I only wish Timberline would have put a durable vibram sole on them. Of course, then they probably wouldn't be as light weight. Yet, because of the awesome fit and comfort Timberline has still earned my business. I just ordered a different model with vibram soles. I hope they fit as well as these Cocorua's. And this way I won't wear this pair out prematurely.
B000VX03GC very disappointed Shoes are falling apart already after 3 months. Wont buy his brand again. I have nothing more to say in 7 words.
B000VX03GC Comfortable for long wear The leather cuff holds up far better than the nylon ones on the Asolo, which is why I bought them, but the soles are pretty soft.  four months of use and I will have to get them resoled or replace them.
B000X46MOQ Perfect I've had these boots before,and just love them.Downside is,after two years,the sole split.I'm pretty hard on these boots,so really not a big deal deal for me.(I work on concrete,in a wax warehouse).These boots are comfy from the start,and can be easily stretched a few months with insoles until they split.The leather weathers well,and the laces have never broke.Best woman's work boots I have found.
B000XEA5ZI Don't buy I bought these for my son in October by February they were completely falling apart the sole have separated and can not be repaired. I am now trying to get a refund from Timberland ! Very displeased especially since the review2s I read were recommending them !!!
B000XEA5ZI Tell you more later Will know more in a few months when I know how they are holding up.The last brand i had separated where sole attaches to uppers in less than a year.
B000XEA5ZI timberland pro stel trax 6" steel-toe Im a michigan landscaper (where if i dont look like i was in a bottom of a hole for 12 hours then im not doing my job right). I also cuts wood, do housing renavations, and I have a 14 wide feet so finding a good boot is often hard the only reason im buying a new pair is because in a year ive gone from a 13W to 14W.Basicaslly i spend 250 on boots a year and most get destroyed in 8 months or less these boots after a year shoe virtually no damage other then a scuff on the side and the tags inside the boots have faded away. Im on my feet for 12 straight a day and these boots hands down provide the best comfort and support out of any boot I've ever bought. I would highly suggest this boot to a person who has a highly physical demanding work life to buy these boots.
B000XEA5ZI Great boots! I have always bought the pro series boots. These particular ones have held up outstanding for me for the two months that i have had them. Toe guard is a nice feature! A++++!
B000XEAA0S lasted 4 months they where great boots for the first 3 months but at the 4 month mark i had to order a different pair.  They cracked on the side and a couple days after that the threads split in halve.  I have had boots from walmart last longer and $100.00 cheaper. I have a size 15 foot so finding boots is not fun
B000XEAA0S Very Comfortable, but wore out quickly I usually get 1 and a half to two years out of my Red Wings. I have ordered the same $170 pair four times. I wanted to try something different this time. I got 4 and a half months out of these Timberlands before they weren't even puddle worthy. My feet got wet way too easily.The rubber got deep cracks in it and the tread wore down very quickly. I went back to the pair of Red Wings that I retired and have worn them another six months. They're two and a half years old now, and they have no tread left and chunks of the super sole are coming out, but my feet are still bone dry when I'm working in standing water. I do treat all my boots to a beeswax coating every six or so months. The beeswax didn't help the Timberlands. I am a commercial service plumber - So my boots take a lotta s...tuff.
B000XEACHO Power What? after 6 months of ownership the fell apart pretty bad. First pair of Tims this has happened to. I've owned Wal-Mart boots that wore better then these. Won't buy Power Welt Tims again!
B000XEACHO A Bit Early To Tell Really I've only had these boots for 2 weeks so it's difficult to say much at this point except that they are exactly as described and fit perfectly.  They are extremely comfortable even when I first put them on. .. OK .. Update after almost three months wearing these boots.  ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM! ..  Extremely comfortable .. easy to clean.
B000XEACHO Fell apart Had the boots for 3 months and they fell apart pretty bad. I do a lot of walking on a daily basis, however not to the extent that would lead to this happening. They are not waterproof and tore apart at pretty much every seam. I will not purchase anything from this brand again.
B000XEACHO Comfortable Work Boot So far so good. Haven't had extreme elements to test it out in yet, but it fits well and is comfortable. The tread on the underside is great (although I may be a bit biased as I wore off the tread on my old pair months ago ;) ). I will update this as time goes by. Hopefully these will last for quite awhile. The last pair of Timberlands I had lasted quite awhile.
B000XEACHO Timbos These boots are being worn by myself every day and though they are comfortable, it took awhile to break them in. I actually had a scab on my front ankle for a couple of days and had to wear a band aid for a week . But now they are fine, it's only been a couple of months but they are serving me well now.
B000XEACHO Fell apart. I work in an environment that has me step through everything from dirt to animal proteins. This boot literally fell apart within 2 months. I mean it actually came apart while I was at work. Don't waste your money.
B000XEACHO first time  buying. So far so good. Hope they last. I spend lots of money on work Boots from Walmart and some don't last a month.
B000XEACHO GOOD BOOTS Great price for Timberland's. My hubby works hard so they lasted about two months longer than the cheaper boots, could have saved 25.00.
B000XEACHO Little big. I love Timberland Pro and do work everyday in them and the are in need of shoe glue again!  If they didn't fall apart at the sole they would of got 5 stars!
B000XEACHO $120 boots. two months already coming apart These boots where nice. I like the way the look and feel. But they are coming apart already. Work 40hr week. Two months of working stitching coming apart. If the process was not to send your WORKING boots back(will leave you without boots.) hope this helps. like I said nice boot. but not durable.
B000XEAM10 nice upper cheezy  soles The soles on this boot lasted all of 8 months. The wearable part of the sole, is only about 1/8&#34; thick, and is glued on. Started peeling off around the edges of both boots after about 8 months. Shoe goo helped for a while.  Too bad. Uppers still in great shape. They cannot be re soled so into the trash they go. Made in China, so I had low expectations anyway.
B000XEAM10 pros and cons Very comfortable boot but the sole splits in two after several months of wear.  This has happened with the last several pairs of this particular boot that I've purchased.
B000XEAM10 Wasted my money These boots felt comfortable at first but they didn't provide much support . I am on my feet all day on cement . I ended up with plantar faciaitis that took nine months to heal. The outer soles also were split about 1/3 across after 3 months of use , when I finally threw these in the trash were they should have gone after the first month. I am now using Wolverines and they are worlds better in quality and comfort. This is the Worst pair of junk I ever used and I have been using safety toe boots for 35 years. Spend your hard earned money on something else. 0 *
B000XEAM10 So, so comfortable This is my third pair of Timberland Titan boots. These are just as comfortable as the others.  It is true that there are some durability issues with the soles of these Titan boots, but the comfort just can't be beat.  I tried a different pair of boots, but just couldn't bear the way they fit.  Got these and it was like slipping on a glove.  I can usually get about 15 months out of these boots before the soles crack.  I wish I could get more time, but the comfort has me coming back.
B000XEAM10 Soles cracked after 6 months. these are lightweight and comfortable. But after about six months of use climbing on and off helicopters performing aircraft maintenance, the soles cracked in half. I bought a second pair and had similar results. This may have been due to hydraulic fluid exposure. But if this is the case, they are definitely not oil resistant.
B000XEAM10 Great Comfort... Very comfortable boot.  Just wish they would last like Red Wings.  But for the price you can't hardly beat'em.  Last pair lasted almost 1yr.  The soles split in half. That's the weak spot.
B000XEAM10 Not a working mans boot I'll be the first to admit that out of the box, these are the most comfortable workboots I've ever worn, never mind steel toe boots.I spend a lot of my time standing at work benches, and a fair bit of time running up and down stairs in a factory. When I first got these boots, I loved them, and thought they looked really sharp. I didn't really mind that they were not the most waterproof. They never claimed to be, and it's mostly an indoor shoe for me.About 3 months into the first pair, the upper separated, on one boot, and the heel separated on the second. I brought them back to the store, and traded them in, figuring I just got a bad batch. About 6 months after that, the soles had broken on both of the replacement boots, and the heels were starting to separate. The last straw was when the upper sole completely separated from the shoe when I was 4 stories up on a steel structure.For a $120 shoe to not even last a year is ridiculous. A work boot should last 2 years MINIMUM, and all work use is HARD use.Admittedly, I wear my boots 12 hours a day 6-7 days a week, but that's no excuse. I expected more from the Pro Series. I'm on to redwings now, and after a few weeks of breaking them in, I'm not looking back.
B000XEAM10 Nice Boot but had to get replaced because of defective soles I had the Boots for about 6 months and noticed the sides and bottom of both boots some what deteriorating. It became real bad after another month so I contacted Timberland and was given a return number and shipped them off ( at my expense ) for there inspection. About two weeks later I had a response that they had been found defective. A month later a new pair was at my door. The new pair has lasted about 10 months and are starting to do the same actually worse. I'm going today to buy a new pair of Timberlands today, just not this style. Never had a problem with any other than this one.
B000XEAMXS Very comfortable This is the 2nd pair I have bought of these, and I have to say they are extremely comfortable. They only take about one day to break them in, and they can take a beating. The only complaint I have which isn't really a complaint but more of a complement is that they only lasted 7 months, but I load planes and kick locks up needless to say they take a really good beating so 7 months is a good amount of time to last taking such a beating. I will buy these again without question.
B000XEAMXS Lightweight Mastery I bought these boots 4 months prior to this review, I once had a pair of Timberland boots for work when I was 18, and they lasted for 4 years. This pair is still going strong after 4 months, the boots I bought from shoes for crews fell apart after 3 months and they were they same price!The composite toe is lightweight and takes a beating, I had a truck run over them, didn't feel a thing.the cushion sole insert leaves my feet feeling comfortable and fresh after an 8 hour work day, after climbing, walking, & carrying heavy objects.As an extra bonus, the original boot laces are still in the boots, they haven't broken.The only down side to these boots are the non-slip tread, after a day's work they'll need a rising off, because even dry dirt will stick to them
B000XEAMXS Fell apart These shoes were comfortable. Too bad they fell apart after only a few hours of wearing them. The eyelets started to pop off. Amazon took them back without any problem, though.
B000XEAMXS Lightweight boot Bought these boots , Had for 6 months, noticed the heals came loose, one sole crackedContacted Timberland, Sent the boots to them, With in 2 weeks they sent me a new pair free.
B000XEAMXS I love the look but hate the sole These boots look great but the sole of the boot is garbage I bought three pairs and each pair the sole cracked open where the foot bends as you walk.Not a good work boot.4 months is all you get if you use them for work daily.
B000XEAMXS falling apart These boots suck. they fell apart in 4 months.. I switched to HI Tech boots.. Much cheaper and are a superior boot.. I wear boots everyday for work..
B000XEAMXS Cracked sole Sole cracked at at the ball of the foot after two months use.  Very bad rubber quality.  Stay away.  Upper and toe O.K.
B000XEAPDA Poor Quality When searching for a new pair of workboots I purchased these because they felt much more comfortable than any of the other boots I tried on. While these are extremely comfortable they will not last long because of the shabby build quality. I have had these less than a year and the soles on both boots are splitting down the middle. I suggest you spend your money on a more reputable brand.
B000XEAPDA Expect better from Timberland After only 4 months of wearing these boots to work,the soles are split and falling apart.  I am a truck driver and have had boots from Walmart that have lasted far longer. Thought I would try spending twice the money for what I thought was a better product,back to Walmart I go. Very dissapointing.
B000XEAPDA Inspire me to write I have completed my first week of using these boots.  I got to tell you that comfort-wise you might be mislead at first.  The reason being that the heel can cause some rubbing initially which creates this sort of detaching feeling that doesn't allow you to feel as confident walking around at first.  But man-o-man, shortly after these boots will become so comfortable as you wear in to the base of the boot!  This boot is so comfortable and the soft sole allows for easy comfortable strides.Only thing i would say negatively about these boots is the weight factor.  Timberland could definitely improve in this area, but other than that these boots are solid, comfortable, and very affordable.Will update within a couple of months.
B000XEAPDA Sole coming apart....again. This is the third pair of timberlands that I have purchased.  I have had this pair for a little over two months and this pair is doing the exact same thing that my last pair do. The sole is coming apart from the shoe. My first pair lasted about a year before the soles cracked in half (see other reviews) but the last two haven't lasted near that long. For $125 I really expected better.  The only reason that I keep buying them is because they are by far the most comfortable safety toe boot that I have ever worn. I'm going to contact timberland customer support and see what they tell me. I just can't believe that this pair hasent lasted 3 months.
B000XEAPDA Rough When I opened the box I was shocked, the boots looked like they had been setting in water. The leather was discolored and wrenckled bad. I had have the shoes to work so I had no choice but to keep them. After a couple of months they are shot.  I have had these boots before and very good luck, maybe its the supplier.
B000XEAPDA Beware soles fall apart Boots are very comfortable, have worn them for 9 months, but they don't last, wore thru the insoles in a short time and after 9 months the tread on the sole is separating from the boot, almost 1/4 off, and the sole on the right one split completely, no longer water proof
B000XEAPDA Soles cracked after 3 1/2 months These boots are very comfortable, but the boots I received are horrible in quality.  The soles of both boots have cracked completely through and required repair after only 3 1/2 months of normal wear.  I purchased them after coworkers mentioned how comfortable they were.  This is the last pair of Timberlands I ever purchase.
B000XEAPDA Spend your money on something else I ordered these boots on September 20 2013 (Today's date is December 21, 2013). After 3 months of wear, both boots have a crack on the bottom on the sole all the way through to the inside. It is unfortunate because they were comfortable after breaking in. Do not waste your money. You are better off spending more on something that will last years.
B000XEAPDA Love the fit & comfort But - soles of both boots developed deep cracks in less than a year. I would not waste your money on these boots. Although one of the most comfortable work boots I have used. I'm very dissatisfied with the  poor quality of the soles. When you pay this much for a work boot you expect to get more than a year out of them. I would dare say that In a years time I only put 6 months of wear on them and they still failed! Now they are only useable on sunny dry days as when worn in wet conditions the cracks in the soles suck up water like a sponge.
B000XEAPDA DO NOT BUY I ordered these boots the first week of October 2013(Today's date is December 17, 2013). After only a month and a half of wear, both boots have a crack on the bottom on the sole all the way through to the inside. It is unfortunate because they were comfortable after breaking in. Do not waste your money. You are better off spending more on something that will last years.
B000XEEQAI " Best boots I've ever owned for 7 months" I've owned these Timberland PRO series TiTAN 6" # 26063 work boots about 7 months working in an aviation work environment.  I was so impressed with how these boots fit and the daily comfort I convinced several other co workers to purchase a pair.  After wearing these boots five days a week for seven months the sole cracked out two inches about mid boot.  These cracks are in the same place on each boots.  My feet get wet just walking to my car in the rain now, Which makes them worthless.
B000XEEQAI Comfortable. D-width fits my narrow feet. I've got skinny feet, and finding a good fitting pair of shoes is always a challenge. Even more so when it comes to work boots.The D-width on these happens to fit me really well. These are extremely comfortable, even more so than the high dollar Red Wing hikers I had prior to these.That being said, I've had the same problem as many others have stated. The soles have split. Mine split right up by the ball of the foot. I got a couple of years out of them, but I'm not a heavy walker. Had they not split, they'd still have a lot of miles left in the soles.  My company gives me an annual boot allowance, so I can't complain too much. I'm about to pull the trigger on another pair.For what it's worth, my Red Wings split in a similar manner, but they were well worn at that point.
B000XEEQAI Worthless Work for the Railroad. I've had these boots for 4 months and the soles split in the same spot on each pair. An obvious design/manufacturing defect. Now my feet get wet when I wear them. It seems to be a common problem with this boot.
B000XEEQAI comfortable not durable I have been wearing these boots 40 hours a week for 14 months.  They are very comfortable and fit fine just like the other Timberlands I've worn in the past.  I don't walk much at work at all.  The soles in the back of the shoe wore a whole after 11 months.  I will try a more durable boot next time.
B000XEEQAI Comfortable lightweight boot As long as you understand that this boot is not made for years of wear you will not be disappointed. It requires little to no break in period, which should tell you right away that this boot is made more for comfort than long usage. It is a comfortable boot with a safety toe and electrical hazard rating in a very lightweight package. I had a pair of these before, they lasted six months and then split the sole across the ball of my right foot. I weigh 225 lbs. and often carry a 20-25 lb. pack on steel decks and concrete and wear boots out on a regular basis before many other folks would. I consider these to be a summer boot and am glad of the light weight at the end of 100 degree days. If you get more than six months wear out of these then good on ya mate. Since you can't give a half star I'm giving these a four star rating when I would really like to give them three and a half.
B000XEEQAI Comfy daily work boots Great for hard or wet surfaces. The first pair I bought are still in pretty good shape after 18 months. I wanted the replacement to be exactly the same: relatively light weight and comfortable from the start.
B000XEEQAI Sole of shoe broke completely in half after only 2 months of wear. Purchased this shoe for my stepson for work and the sole of the shoe has broken in half after only 2 months of wear. He is a mechanic.  It isn't like he works in heavy construction. He shouldn't have to purchase new boots every 3 monthS
B000XEEQAI Timberlands oh so just ok boot. This is the 4th pair of Timberland Pro Men's Titan boots I've had. After the 3rd pair I swore I would never buy another pair, but the salesman assured me that the sole design flaw had been repaired. But 6 months into it, the sole has cracked and my feet get wet walking across wet pavement.I will say these are the most comfortable boots I've owned and that's why I continued to try them. However, if you expect them to last longer than 6 months, buy something else!
B000XEEQAI Best Boot I ever bought!!!!! Must say that with my big 11.5 EEE size feet, finding a durable, yet comfortable boot is a big deal. I tried 3 other brands before I bought these babies and the others all let me down. Too hard or too tight. These boots were pliable from day one and there was no break in required. I'm tough on boots because I work in the tent rental industry and I'm always carrying a lot of weight or kicking tent stakes or tent legs and the leather takes plenty of abuse! Rest assured for this price they are a steal compared to the boots I paid 150.00 for and they didn't last 2 weeks. For less then 100.00 I got a hell of a find. Hope this review helps! Keep in mind that you don't need to go too wide because the Titanium toe has a lot of room and is broader then most. I bet I would have been fine with 1 E instead of EEE. Next time I'll downsize but I wear 2 pairs of socks to cut down on the wiggle room. These will be my winter pair and the next time I'll order one E in width for summer. Also Titanium is the way to go! Super light! Feels like a regular boot! Other brands felt like I had dumbbells tied to them!  Enjoy!!!Update:01/04/13 I put them to the test the past 2 months and they are holding strong! I/m kicking concrete blocks and tent legs and no wear yet! Still the most comfortable and durable boot I ever purchased!
B000XEEQAI comfy, but dont last:( Got these boots from marshalls for $40.oo and im glad thats all i spent.they were very comfortable but after about 2 months the souls started to wear out and eventually cracked. they are light and the titanium toe is very protective they just dont last. If these were more durable i would recomend highly but they are not so i do not recomend paying over $25.00 for them
B000XEEQAI Comfy but not durable Very comfortable, but the souls don't last long in a machine shop environment. Last maybe 6 months. I've had 3 pair now the only reason I keep coming back is the comfort!
B000XEEQAI Ignore other reviews Ive had this boot for about six months now, and have held up wonderfully. Im a Carpenter, so these boots see all walks of life on a daily basis, from Framing and Drywall, to Roofing, Flooring, Siding, etc.  I was skeptical about buying this boot because of the reviews saying that the soles split after only a month or so, but Ive had these in the dead of winter, working, and now its warm out. and still these boots are holding up great, considering these are the first pair of boots ive purchased in a very long time. I ONLY wore gym shoes for work because of the flexibility, and breathability. And these boots fill that empty spot.
B000XEEW9S Comfortable but not so tough. Good boots probably the most comfortable I've ever had and probably the lightest. But comfort and lightweight have disadvantages I mostly walk on concrete and steel grate and I don't think the soles are gonna even last a year. With that said if you can afford to buy  two pair a year these babies are comfortable. Will probably buy again.
B000XEEW9S Very comfortable I needed a new pair of boots for work (security).  Since I am on my feet a lot I wanted something that was fairly lightweight and comfortable.  So far these are perfect.UPDATE 10/10/2012:  After about 8 months of wearing these boots they are holding up very well.  They don't get abused very much and they still look and feel excellent.
B000XEH2JA 3rd Pair About to buy my 3rd pair of these babies- had the Pit Boss boots before those were ok and did not wear well (after 9 months my back was killing me).  These have way better comfort and cushion- on my feet 7-9 hours a day and wear these for some volunteer activities- whoa they can keep up!If you are on concrete all the time (like me) the padding starts to give way about 18 months in- I am considering just buying inserts to prolong the life of these.  Naturally, after 18 months the leather is super soft and very pliable.  Obviously these are not for playing in the dirtPrevious pair was retired because the sole split under the ball of feet- but had those for the 18 months (lot of bending and foot flexing on the job)if you need/ want to keep them looking respectable a little black wax works wonders for them.All around a great shop boot with a sole that will give out after about 18 months of daily usage on concrete.
B000XEH2JA 0k boots price to high!! yup the sole's don't last the pair I have didn't make five months. boots fit nice and snug easy break in..I'm gonna go with Georiga boots ...
B000XEH2JA Boots only last eight months. These are very comfortable boots but the soles wear out after 8 months. I've bought 4 or 5 pairs of the exact same boots with the same results. Once the sole wears out the mid sole cracks and my feet get wet.
B000XEH2JA Good boots. Have been using these boots for almost 8 months and still comfortable, and still have life on the bottom. Work 10 hours shifts on concrete. Starting to come undone around the toe area, but slightly.
B000XEH2JA GREAT BOOTS This is the eighth pair of Titans I've purchased. We work ten hours a day, six days a week and a good eight of those hours I'm on my feet. I'm in wet, muddy, dry, snowy conditions and about anything else you can think of. These boots are comfortable right out of the box and stay that way for six months. You may get up to a year of service from these boots under different conditions. None of mine have ever split, cracked, torn, failed in any way. I use them 'till the suport is gone.GREAT PRODUCT !! YOU WILL NOT DO BETTER AT TWICE THE PRICE.
B000XEIZ7S Way better than Red Wing Boots! Prior to purchasing these Timberland water proof safety toe work boots I had always worn red wing boots. I would wear them to work as a diesel mechanic and they would only last six months. I've had these for 5 or 6 months now and they're much more comfortable and are still in like new shape. I had to put inserts into the red wing boots to add comfort but not the timberlands! If you need a solid affordable work boot this is the way to go.
B000XEIZ7S Do not last a year I have purchased 2 sets of these boots and niether one has made it a year before the soles cracked across the shoe at the ball of the foot. I work in a large factory 8+ hours, 6 days a week, averaging about 30+ miles a day with no unusual wear factors (welding, chemicals, etc.). The boots were comfortable out of the box, did not require a lengthy break-in period, were lightweight, and warm but the poor sole quality is forcing me to consider another product. As most boots don't really become comfortable until they get well worn in I hate that I have to start the process over with a new pair so often just when they felt really good.
B000XEIZ7S Great boot. My only complaint is that the sole always cracks across the ball of your foot after about 6 months.  I have had at least six diffrent pairs of these boots and I must say that they are the most comfortable boot I have ever worn.  They would get a 5 if the sole held up better.
B000XEIZ7S Quality went downhill in replacements I replaced a pair of Timberland Pro with Titan toe that I had for 2 years.  I was very happy with them, especially given the harsh conditions.  I am in much less harsh conditions now, and wearing the last pair of these boots for 10 hours/day, they wore out in less than 6 months.  After a week, I knew the quality was not what I expected, as I started looking for insoles due to a lack of any kind of support.  They never did get comfortable, and after the sides of my feet started burning, I looked at the soles to find that they are separating and just worn out in some spots.  My only positive comments is that they look nice, and are lightweight.  But that doesn't matter if they hurt.
B000XEIZ7S if you need it to last longer then 6months.. stay away Very comfortable shoe. good weight and easy to break in. however after 6 months of use in the telecom world the tread on both shoes completely separated from the sole. first the yellow strips through the tread came off then the entire tread started to peel away. spending 150$ on a &#34;professional&#34; shoe i would expect them to last much much longer
B000XEIZ7S Expected better...Dissapointed I am disappointed in these shoes, after about 3 months they began to get wet....so i called Timberland company customer service and they offered to replace them gladly.... but in the cold the sole is very hard and feels like walking on bricks.... they are not flexible....and i am always skeptical if them getting wet again...
B000XEIZ7S comfy but dont last long Very comfortable if you walk a lot and work long days. Leather holds up good. Only complaint is the soles wear out and crack in the middle after 6 to 8 months making the boot non water proof! Lasted me around a year. Looking for a boot that holds up and last longer. Still gonna stay with the pro series so dang comfortable feels like wearing running shoes
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable, well-designed shoe Pros: Full grain leather construction has proven very durable and fairly water resistant. Alloy safety toe and polyurethane mid-sole combine to yield a fairly light boot.  Very good ergonomic design results in a comfortable, supportive, stable, all-day boot.  I'm a project manager in the oi/gas industry and the out-sole is both slip and oil resistant.  Top hooks make donning boots quick and easy.  I've worn these boots daily for about 3 months and they seem to be wearing well.Cons: I replaced the standard foot-beds with Sole custom foot-beds to help with over-pronation (my defect, not the boot's).  With custom foot-beds, these boots don't breath well on hot days.  The tread design is difficult to clean.  The uppers vary in dimension between left and right boot.Summary:  Good water resistance usually means that a boot won't breath well - I think this is an acceptable trade-off.  If these boots hold up well for the next six months (my boots rarely last a year), I'll probably buy another pair.  I just wish the left-to-right sizing was more consistent.
B000XEIZ7S Good stuff This is a great boot was a little tight but after a few days awesome. These boots lasted me about 7-8 months give our take  pretty impressive because I work mostly 7 days a week 12-14 hours a day
B000XEIZ7S Good for about a year...but then - - I loved these shoes - at first. I bought them the moment I put them on BUT after 13-14 months the composite rubber soles began wearing thin. Eventually, they literally cracked across the width of the ball of the foot. There are no more comfortable work boots than these but how I wish Timberland would've made a more durable sole.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots! I was buying another brand of boots. The other brand started tearing at the seams and the soles were starting to separate. Switched to Timberlands  and haven't looked back since.
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable but hot and not durable. I work in a oily-sandy environment. After about 4 months they are just now starting the signs of falling apart. Me and a coworker that have the same jobs have found these not very durable. Must be replaced at least once a year if not twice. They are very comfortable and light. Also, very well insulated so my feet are always really hot and they don't breath well. It's the middle of winter around 20 degrees and they are still very hot! Just order a new pair of boots can't wait to through these away!
B000XEIZ7S Very Confortable Very comfortable shoe, broke in right out of the box. Im happy with the shoe just have to give it time and see how long they last. Im lucky to get a year out of a work boot. Danners are usually what I purchase and one pair made it a year. The water proofing will last only 6 months if you are lucky.
B000XEIZ7S Did not even last 2 days on the job... I purchased these boots based upon a friends recommendation of the Timberland brand. At the time I did not realize these boots are actually Timberland Pros, which is a very different product line than the actual Timberlands. When the boots arrived I was very impressed with the look and feel of them and was excited to try them out. They didn't make it through two full days! By the middle of the second day I would have been better off walking barefoot the pain was so bad. The packaging says that they should be the most comfortable work boot ever, well, that was true for literally about the first 12 hours of use. After this it was like the insoles just went flat and they were no longer wearable. I went back to my old cheap store brand boots the next day that were years old and basically had no sole left and they were 100 times more comfortable than the 12 hour old Timberland Pros. Very disappointed in a brand that I thought would have some sort of standards. Will never buy a Timberland boot again. Timberland did keep to their guarantee and refund my purchase price about 3 weeks after I paid to ship them back. I decided to try out a pair of Wolverines after these and have not had a single problem with them after wearing for a couple months now, far superior boot and company.
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable...Only lasted 1.5 years before sole split. A really comfortable boot that I liked wearing, however the sole(toe portion) split on my left boot...now I have to get a new pair and have to put up with a wet foot whenever it rains/snows till then.  They lasted one good year and that was it, will try a different brand this time.
B000XEIZ7S doesnt stand the test of time very comfortable boots.I bought my first pair 2 years ago,the upper wore well but the soles split all the way across the ball of the foot.So i have a pair of boot half way wore out that are split in half.I bought another pair 7 months ago and the same split across the sole of the boot,but in only 7 months.These boots dont hold up
B000XEJ3HO STAY AWAY!!! these boots started wearing out after only a few months of light use! the leather on the toe section looks like i poured acid or something on them and have been fading away into nothing. i even asked a guy at a shoe store what would make them do this and what i could put on them to protect them. he said he hasn't seen anything like it in his life and had no suggestions. the upper part of my boot is dark chocolate but the bottom part has faded to a sand color and they look like crap. i spent a lot of my hard earned money on these boots because of the name and i would have been better off with something else. i guess i will be buying a second pair of boots this year.
B000XEJ3HO sole splits have been wearing timberland pros for about 10 years usually get 6 months before the sole splits but these took only lasted about 2 months.trying to get timberland to replace them.we will see how that goes.this is the first pair of the soft toe waterproof boots i have used
B000XEJ9V4 comfortable but fell apart very comfortable boot but the sole started separating from the boot after about a month. I drive a truck making deliverys all day in and out of the truck and initialy these were great plus they were only $ 95 then they started coming apart very disappointed. my chippawa loggers were 160 and lasted 2 years and were very comfortable, soles wore out but stayed connected to the boot. waste of 95 bucks
B000XEKCRE Update on previous  review Worn my pair for two months now. Two things you should know. Soles are super soft till about 30 degrees then they go hard like nylon. You can tell-sounds like a woman walking down the hall-click-click-click...  Also very little useable tread for ice, snow, or mud. But does not track much dirt into house. Not complaints, just info. Best boots I've had but will put them away till summer.Update: previously gave a 5 star review even though there were some issues. Just noticed today that the bottom of each boot is split open in two places. I need to get more than 5 months out of a $125.00 pair of boots. My first and last pair of Timberlands. I'll go with a USA product next time!
B000XEKCRE These are THE boots you've always wanted! I'm on my 2nd pair and very close to ordering my 3rd. Their lifespan is what you'd expect from a work boot 12-14 months I've found. They are amazingly light and delightfully comfortable, one 8 hour shift and they're broken in, I promise. The only negative thing I have to say about these, is that they only come in one color. It blows my mind how much better this boot is from so many others. You will love yours!
B000XEKCRE ok boot ok for the price. lightweight. but my last two pairs the sole split after about 10 months. and inserts need replaced after two months. so if you are looking for a lightweight boot around 100 that will last a year this is it.
B000XEKCRE Comfortable like nothing else... I wore my new boots on a hike to break them in and give my blisters a chance to heal before trying to wear them at work.  To my delight, there were no blisters, and they were comfortable on a five mile hike brand new out of the box.  Amazing!They're comfortable, but comfort comes at the price of being less rugged that other boots I've owned.  I knew when I bought them I would be lucky to drag a year out of them, and I also knew if I couldn't drag at least one year out of them I couldn't justify paying so much for the superior comfort next time around.  I was hoping I could just narrowly squeak a year out, and I did, by walking around with wet feet for the last month.They really only survived 11 months of stomping around 60+ hours a week in spilled fuel, and I only dragged the last month out of them by wearing them leaking like a sieve with the left sole about to fall off.Close enough!  I just ordered a new pair, and will be buying a pair every year until they discontinue these things.  I'm sold.  They're just barely justifiable, but life is too short to wear painful boots just because they will hold up better over the long haul.  Color me a Timberland fan.
B000XEKCRE Good boots but... I really liked these boots because of their fit and comfort right out of the box, but the soles were coming apart and getting my feet wet after 3 months. Just not acceptable for the price. Look elsewhere.
B000XEKHOC Good, not great. I give this boot 5-stars for fit, comfort, and the hi-traction tread. I give it 3-stars for durability. More specifically, I need a size 11.5 narrow width. Since there are only 10 pairs of shoes in the entire world that come in a narrow width, this medium width boot seems to be the best fit I've found. The "vibram" style tread is terrific for general outdoor use around the farm and it doubles as an early season hunting boot.Now the bad. This is my 3rd pair and none of them have lasted more than 2-3 months before the "waterproof factor" is gone. Also, about this time the tread begins to separate from the leather; polyurethane epoxy will hold them together for several more months. Really, they won't last any longer than the "economy" boots that I used to buy at "you know where." So why do I keep buying these? You can't find the "economy" boots in size 11.5 anymore. So, considering that these are a comfortable fit, I'm sort of a "captive" repeat customer.Bottom line - a good boot, but they could be a great boot if they would not begin to fall apart after only a few months!
B000XEKHOC do not buy...2pairs later Even though the boots fit my boyfriend great they are mafe very poorly!! Didn't even last a full day before falling apart. The material on the back of the boot on the inside came apart. I called explained the issue. Sent that pair back and got a new pair. Same thing happened again. I called and reported the issue again. Instead of returning them and getting my money back I chose to have them repaired locally. These boots are expensive and now I had to shell out more money to have them fixed. Never again will I get these!!
B000XEKHOC Very comfortable I have been trying every 6" boot on the market and these are by far the best I've used. I walk for a living (mailman) so I really give my shoes and boots a workout. Break in is fast (usually takes weeks to get a pair comfortable to wear) these are comfortable within the third or forth wearing. They provide excellent ankle support, removable inner sole is great and the soles are very slip resistant. I rotate wearing with 2 pairs in order to give them a chance to totally dry out between wearings. I now own 4 pairs of these boots....don't know about wear on soles yet, but I suspect 4 pair will get me through 1 year. That's about normal for the miles I put on my shoes at work.
B000XEKHOC Wonderful boot and a great price. My husbands works pest control outdoors in Fla. rain or shine he was buying $36 boots at Walmart that every 2 months peeled (fake leather) they would not pass his company dress inspections. His parents oh well they don't cost that much.Finally I got him a pair of these he loved them very comfy, nice looking. He can polish them.Now 14 months later I am ordering him another pair the other ones still are holding up but would need insoles. You can't go wrong with these.
B000XEKIUK Horrendous! The fault is mine I suppose, I am no stranger to heavy boots, but have never worn Timberland's before. But I decided to roll the dice on a good price and...Where to begin?The inner sole - Seriously Timberland? I could give my seven year old two sheets of cardboard and some glue and they would do a better job. I appreciate you want to keep prices down, but really, for the wafer thin product you include with your boot, why even bother?Weight - Actually, considering the fact that I purchased steel caps, quite light indeed, a fact which I thought would auger well for the comfort stakes. I was wrong.Comfort - Hands down the most uncomfortable boot I have ever worn in my life! That I have worn boots a good 30% heavier than these all day, and not felt 1/10 of the discomfort I experienced wearing these things for an hour or two was simply incredible. And this was after I ditched the afterthought of insoles the boots came with for some SPENCO Heavy Duty Insoles. Now at 280lbs I am a big bloke. Maybe someone of a lighter weight would not feel the effects to the degree I did. Maybe...Waterproofing - Yep they hold true to that. The tongue is stitched up quite high, so provided you aren't actually submerging your feet, they should stay dry.Stain/scratch resistance - Again good. A wipe off with a damp cloth was all that was required to bring the boots up to scratch.I gave these boots 2 1/2 months. Hoping that I just needed to break them in. But to no avail. At the end of everyday I was so tired, I might as well have been lugging a fully loaded refrigerator around on my back the whole time. I believe now the reason for my discomfort stemmed from both the narrowness of the cut of the boot, coupled with a too hard rubber being used for the outer sole. Again, two factors which might not prove problematic for those of narrower/smaller feet, and lighter body weight.In the end I ditched these boots, and had my old one's re-shod for a cost of $50. Pairing that result with the Spenco Heavy Duty Insoles was heaven in comparison. Despite these boots being markedly heavier than the Timerberland's.
B000XEKIUK Great Boot I was looking for boots for the colder and wetter months that are coming. Based on the reviews for the Timberland Pro seemed to be doing the job.Most boots I have owned needed a couple of weeks of walking before they are really comfortable, no need for that with these. From day one they fitted perfectly and no blisters at all. Good cushioning and my feet dont get too hot on warm days. How they hold up on really cold days I will see in the coming months but I'm confident thats not going to be a problem.Shipping was extremly quick, I placed my order on a wednesday afternoon and the following friday morning at 11 they were delivered. Thats from the US to Europe (Netherlands)
B000XEKIUK CHEAP THIN LEATHER! I have owned over 20 pairs of work boots in my life, these have some of the worst leather I have ever seen. I have no problem paying for a quality product, but this is not it. There were glue stains all over the leather where it met the rubber that would not come off with any amount of cleaning.Other then those two MAJOR FLAWS, the stich work was great, heal was very sturdy, the insides fit fantastic on wide. Most boots last me a year, I doubt these will last six months, if they used good thick leather these would be worth every penny, but they used leather I wouldn't even use for my wallet.BUYERS BEWARE!
B000XEKIUK Fell Apart Bought them in Aug. 2010. Fell apart May 2011. The soles separated from the upper shoe and fell off. A lousy 10 mths of use. I'm so pissed off. I work as an auto mechanic in a shop. Did not abuse them. JUNK11111111
B000XEKIUK Falling Apart I have been wearing these for only 45 days and the upper part has come apart from the sole of the boot already!  The return window closed 11 days ago so it looks like I will be throwing them away and buying a different brand.  Very frustrating!  DO NOT BUY THESE BOOTS!!!
B000XEKIUK Extremely Comfortable Boot.. but Cannot Recommend For a work boot, this Timberland PRO Steel Toe Boot is lightweight, fits nicely and it's one of the most comfortable boots I've ever worn. The only problem with them is that I've found the soles aren't durable enough to last past a few months. I've owned several pairs of these boots and with each pair, the soles have eventually cracked right underneath the ball of my feet. When I say cracked, I'm not talking about a little crack. These soles are cracking completely through the thickness of the sole, across the width of the boot and right up to the base of the leather. I'm not wearing an extremely large boot at size 9. The first pair I purchased cracked and I took them back to the privately owned shoe store where they were purchased. The store owner told me that she had never seen the soles on this particular brand and model boot crack like mine had. There was no exchange or refund offered because the boots were probably a year old by the time I had finally gotten around to taking them back. I purchased another pair of the exact same boot thinking that maybe I got hold of one bad pair. Within 6-8 months the soles on the new boots cracked just like the first. I took these back and very reluctantly on the store owners part, I received an exchange for an identical pair but within a few months the soles on this pair also cracked.I'm not sure if this issue is caused because the material the soles are made of isn't durable enough, a faulty manufacturing process or what, but it's very disheartening to pay upwards of $200 for a pair of boots and the soles won't last with average to moderate use. I don't believe this is in any way caused by the way the boots are used or the environment where they're worn. I spend a great deal of my day walking around inside an aircraft hangar or on a flight line, usually averaging about 12-14 hours a day in the boots. The floors are clean, so I'm not walking around on a greasy, oily, stained or otherwise chemically contaminated floor that could possibly deteriorate the soles, and the ramp area is typically cleaner than the average asphalt parking lot. With the exception of the soles cracking this would easily be a five star boot but I can't recommend this product to anyone simply because of the issues I've experienced with the soles. Boots are a part of my livelihood and I don't abuse them. Hopefully this problem will be resolved with future models but I'm finished with Timberland PROs.
B000XEKK94 good boot but rubber sole does not last more then 4 months i normally buy the standard timberland boots,  since i do construction i figured i get the pro series ( after like 3 months the rubber sole on the left side started peeling like String Cheese, i contacted Timberland Via email and they said i have to mail the boots out for exmination ( a picture would be no goo) so to ship defected boots would cost me like 25 dollars or so  and i won't have any boots for almost 2 months,  a big thumbs down!  there suppose to do better then the standard boot.  maybe i got a bad pair but timberland should have done something for me  i've been a loyal boot buyer for 10 years
B000XEKK94 my boots I usually completely wear out a pair of boots every 6 months, I had a pair of danner acadia that lasted an entire year! they cost around $300 they are very good but high $  so I bought a pair timberland pro at tractor supply on sale for $80 ,,,I have been wearing them for 19 months now ,they do LEAK my feet get wet but..they're very tough, I bought these as waterproof I like them,I go on very hot roofs, through  underground sewers, in swamps , boards full of nails I am extremely tough on my boots and timberland takes it and outlasts them all for about 1/3 the price, you just cant get any better...5 stars good...
B000XEKK94 Loved 'em at first Loved 'em at first but 7 months later, I can't wear them. Uppers separated from the soles . What happened to Timberland?
B000XEKK94 Good Fit, Comfortable, Don't Hold Up Ive been buying these boots for about two years now, and the only reason I kept going back and purchasing them was for the fit/comfort.  No break in period for these boots the fit great right out of the box.  I work in road construction, and these boots do not hold up.  They are good for about four months of hard work then they just start to fall apart.  The steel toe wears through the leather, the stitches on the sides pop, and the soles wear out faster than cheap tires on a dragster.  Ive probably spent at least 600 dollars over the past few years on these boots, and now Ive switched to a more expensive better warrantied boot.  If you want a temporary boot that looks good and fits great these are for you, but for around fifty more dollars you can get yourself something that will last a lot longer.
B000XEKK94 Boot Is Way Too Heavy The boots fit him, but were way too heavy to be comfortable.It's only been 6 months and he no longer wears them.  I wishI hadn't ordered them online.  He didn't realize it until it wastoo late to send them back.
B000XEKK94 Decent boots toasted in about a year And half Decent boot, after. 1.5 years the leather on top is completely cracked threw and showing the liner beneath, the soles are gone and completely cracked. The foam from inside is showing. They are comfortable and last a decent time. From what I seen the pit boss boots are better, that's what I'm getting next, Walmart boots last me about 3-4 months and there 50$ so I think these were worth the money. I paid 85 for them tho.
B000XEKK94 Back to wearing a real boot After many bad choices of boots in the last couple of years I am finally back in a real boot with a real sole at a great price from amazon  my advice to all who wear boots for work outside  wet or cold is to stay away from boots with molded soles
B000XELF3O Best  Workboots EVER!! I stand on my feet in a factory all day long running around on a hard concrete floor and these boots are perfect. Slip and oil resistant...comfortable as all hell...and they wear REALLY well. Usually I go through a pair of workboots in about six months (the sole is usually worn away) but with these, I get a year and a half or longer. Just change the inserts every six months and you are good to go. Worth every penny!
B000XELF3O Great boots. I'm a plumber and wear them 6 days a week 12 days. They are strong and soles are stitched. Previous pair I had was same and lasted for about year and a half of abuse. Just had to replace inserts after like 6 months with dr scholls. Other than that great boots in overall.
B000XELF3O Terrible, fall apart These boots had a huge rip in the side them after 3 months of wearing them.  I did use them harshly in the desert, but any boot I pay $100+ for I expect to hold up for at least a year.
B000XELF3O Fiance LOVES these work boots! Fiance works in offices and construction and loves these boots.  Most boots don't last him 8 months with all the walking and working in them...  We get new ones about every 2 years and he still has the old ones that he uses for dirtier occasions (they start to look &#34;well worn&#34; after a few years of him abusing them).  Other brands the sole cracked or started to separate from the shoe, and actually started to squeak when he walked and it drove him nuts, NOT THESE!  Will continue to buy Timberland PRO Steel Toe Boots.
B000XELF3O Good boots These are really good boots and worth the price. Funny that my left boot broke-in fine after only a couple of weeks, but the right boot (heel) took over 3 months! I almost sent them back, but I stuck it out because my last pair were Timberlands and I loved them. My next pair? Yeah, they'll be Timberlands, too.
B000XELF3O Great boots I'm hard on boots.  Most only last me 6 months before I've ripped them up or destroyed the soles.  I got a solid 2 years out of these before they were finally broken down enough to start hurting my feet.  They did well enough that I replaced them with the same thing.  Great boots.
B000XELF3O all in all a good boot With the initial break in, about 5 days, I would have to say that I would buy another pair. I can't say how long they will last. But, I will try to give a follow up review in six months.
B000XELF3O So Far So Good After trying a few other boots, I decided to try the one with the most reviews and I must say...I am not disappointed.  I can see myself buying several different colors but still sticking with the Pitboss.  I had to go 1/2 size larger for the best fit but the salesperson suggested doing so with any steel toe.  I will be wearing these boots for 10+ hours a day 5 days a week so I will give another feedback after a few weeks/months of wear.  Thanks to all who gave feedback, it really helped me narrow down my choice.
B000XELF3O Four months of use, holding up well. As with any new workboot, these took awhile to break in.  The firt week was rough and I was disappointed, however, once I broke them in to match my foot, I became extremely happy with them.  I have worn them 5 days a week for 8-10 hours for four months now and, although they don't look new, their solid design as allowed these boots to hold up well, not showing any signs of deterioration.
B000XELF3O Comfortable workboot These fit me well, providing just enough room that my foot is not cramped but its not loose either.  Previously I have had Caterpillar's and a pair of wolverines that were all great boots.  I chose these because of some of the reviews that were written about them.  My first week wearing these I noticed that the left boot rubbed the back of my ankle and caused some pain.  The right boot fit perfectly and did not have the same issue.  The left boot now appears to have been worn in enough that the last 2 days I have experienced no discomfort.The cushion is good and seeing as how I am on my feet all day at work and constantly moving they are very comfortable.  My Wolverines had the soul of the boot split completely from side to side on the right boot and I wore a pair of temporary boots the last 2 months that I had gotten a while back and my feet started to hurt.  Since wearing the Pitboss's the pain is gone so I can vouch for how comfortable they are.  As a matter of fact they are probably the most comfortable of the 3 brands.I like the flat finish on the boots also.  My Wolverines were gloss black and in my line of work they easily showed scuff marks.  These don't seem to show the marks as easily and it wipes off with a wet cloth.
B000XELF3O great Boots I got the boots about a week ago and the comfort is unbelievable. but they do run a little big, I put these on when i got home from work and with tired feet they felt like slippers and I had them on for about 3 hours before I even noticed that they were on. I ordered a 13 2w and I maybe will get a 13 reg in a couple months.
B000XELF3O Gave it two months to do a review This is a great boot, esp for the money. I am a construction/warehouse worker. I work 12 hour days and rarely am off my feet so boots are very important, and these didnt disappoint. They fit well, are comfortable, and arent too heavy. there is little wear after two months and other boots I have had didnt last even that long and I had paid more for them.Try these boots, I'll be buying another pair.
B000XELF3O Good Boots I wear these every day (usually 5 days a week) at work (Carpenter's Helper) and they're pretty tough. I'm on my second pair now (both size 13's in brown)and have had this pair for about 14 months -they're holding up well internally, but look like hell externally. On the 1st pair I had, the sole separated from the right boot after about a year (I re-attached it with some stainless screws and still use them for really messy stuff), but so far the soles on the 2nd pair seem to be holding up. The laces on one boot on both pairs broke after about 10-12 months, but laces are easy to replace and it may be my fault they broke since I kinda crank on them while tying for a tight fit. They are very comfortable and more than a few times the steel toe has saved my toes from getting dinged. I also find that the steel toe is nice to have for setting 4x8 sheets of plywood on your boot tip before picking them up. Usually the local Dick's Sporting Goods store will have these for about $85-90. Overall, a pretty good, comfortable boot for someone who wears boots for a living and I'd imagine they'd last forever for casual wear or as a weekend project boot. When it comes time to replace these, I may try something else for increased longevity, but I think I'm just being unrealistic...
B000XELF3O Ok boots for price. I have had Timberland boots before and loved them. This time I did not have as good as luck. They lasted less than a year before they started squeaking and making popping noise from the sole as I walked. it was like the sole was breaking down. Since I got almost a year, I did not contact Timberland but would not recommend these if you are looking for long lasting durability.
B000XELF3O Finally worn out If Timberland continues to make this boot for the next 40 years, I'll probably buy another 25 pairs. I probably wore these out 6 months ago but I kept them until the bottoms split open. I walk a lot on concrete and gravel and it took 23 months to wear the soles down to nothing. The leather and insides held up well, I replaced the insoles ones with Redwings but probably should have done it every 8 months or so. They lasted as long as my coworkers Redwing boots for half the price.
B000XELF3O Time v money I've worn Timberlands for 20+ years. For the cost to life, thay last the longest in my metal fabrication shop. I've spent more, a lot, and nothing (rarely) last past 10 months. Yes, I beat the crap out of my boots, PRO's hold up better than any others.
B000XELF3O Great Boot, 1 year Old, Still Kicking I purchased these boots about 50 weeks ago, and have worn them at least 5 days a week ever since. The fit is great, and other than some scuffs and paint drips these boots are still solid. I work in a steel production plant walking on oily concrete floors 40 hours/ week, and amazingly I am just starting to see the lighter gray rubber on the soles wear off. My heels usually tear through the back of most work boots in about 6 months, and these still look great on the inside. The moisture wicking is amazing in these boots, and evident because of the waterproof orange rubber under the insoles. As strange as it sounds, I would take my boots off at the end of the day, remove the insole, and you could actually see the sweat in the bottom of the boot that these things pulled away from my feet. On that note, these things never got any kind of odor...even with my sweaty feet.These are the best boots I have every owned, and I have been wearing steel toe boots for the past 10 years. The only reason I am ordering another pair soon is because my employer gives me money for new boots every year, and if I don't use it I'll loose it. I think these boots have another 6-8 months in them.
B000XELF3O Boots were purchased as a Christmas Present The boots are totally worn out after 3 months! Very disappointed in this purchase! Would like to request a replacement or refund!
B000XELF3O The best when i first bought this boot i was worried they weren't  going to last in my job of duty i deal with pipe fitting so am all-way moving running jumping to get the job done an this boot are excellent in comfort so they lasted me a year an still weren't beat up as much but the comfort went away so i bought another set this same boots i mean 80 something dollars for a year isn't bad i would recommend
B000XELF3O " Surprisingly a tough boot" Bought these for my husband to use until the pair he wanted were back in stock. He is super rough on boots & I wasn't going to pay an arm and a leg for a pair that were only going to be used for a couple of weeks.. However,to my surprise these are a perfect fit and have held there own. Once he cleans them off at night (mud and dirt- he works for an oil company) you can see they are still intact.. as in no ripping or coming apart.. Which is a surprise since he can wear a more expensive brand out in just a couple of weeks.. So I would buy them again, but don't think I would have to since these are holding there own.. :)
B000XELF3O Great Boots! Love them.  I work in an office and wear them as I would a traditional shoe.  They're comfortable and look fine with casual dress pants or jeans.  Only two marginal dislikes - they are pretty heavy, and the leather has a very slight cosmetic tear after two months of office wear.  Still I'd highly recommend.
B000XELF3O Nice boot but unwearable. Ordered the boot in size 10 and found that it was a bit narrow in the toe box, plus the boots have a orange plastic heel cup that the sole rides in--it's not well designed and creates high spots under the sole that are very uncomfortable. Also, the sides of the plastic cup protrude up between the sole and the side of the leather and stick into the bottom of your foot.Anyways, sent them back and ordered the same boots but in a 10 wide. I had hope that maybe I had just recived a bad pair the first time and maybe a wide version would eliminate the plastic cup from sticking up between the sides... however, the second pair were equally unwearable. They are about to be sent back as well.The boots seem to be of good quality, if only they didn't have that orange plastic sole "thingy", they would probably be great boots.I tried on a different model of Timberland boots that do not have that orange plastic insert-- they felt awesome in comparison. I'll be getting those instead.
B000XELF3O Great for the first 6 months I bought these for my husband for Christmas of 2010 the first 6 months they were great.  Then on the inside there is a hard plastic type bottom that has curved inward towards his foot.  Every time he wears them his feet hurt for days so he has gone back to his old boots.  I will give them 2 stars because if you want them for occasional wear they will probably be great.  Right out of the box they were comfortable and for 6 months they were great.  For this price I would expect at least a years worth of everyday wear.  Had this been a cheap pair from Walmart sure 6 months would be about the life of them.  Next pair I buy will be another pair of Wolverines for him he has gotten well over a year out of them.Timberland used to be a great brand and that is why I thought I would buy these for him for Christmas never again.
B000XELF3O great except for the inside sole.. I got these shoes cause i was buying boots from wal-mart and those boots ususally lasted about 3 to 6 months.  I've had these about 3 months now and they look like brand new. Almost no sign of wear on the outer sole. They broke in very fast and so far they are great boots. I did however notice that i wore a hole in the inside sole by my big toe. As far as I'm concerned these are the best boots I have ever had.
B000XELF3O Seriously good boots I am a commercial pest control technician that works for the biggest and oldest pest control company in the U.S. I service some huge buildings - twice the size of football fields....What I'm trying to say is that I walk A LOT.  I needed some fresh work boots after running my 30$ sears boots to the ground for the third time in 4 months. Instead of spending 30 bucks every 3-4 months I decided to purchase these to see if they would last me a little longer.....These boots are the greatest purchase of shoes that I have ever made in my life. After 6 months of brutal use, these babies still look relatively new, and are hella comfortable. Thanks to my pedometer app I know that I take 8,000-10,000 steps every day and these boots have handled.Seriously..... just get the boots......
B000XELF3O Durabiity is a Joke. Wore these boots for 8 weeks and already the side wall is coming apart from the sole of the boot. Sad.
B000XELF3O good boot Arrived on time. purchased for son for factory job. took a few days to break in but he is happy w how they fit.  holding up well so far but its only been a couple of months.
B000XELF3O wouldn't buy again these are good comfortable boots, but the soles wore out in less than 6 months of moderate use. I landscape part time "10-15 hours a week" walking mostly on grass and the soles are already worn flat.
B000XELF3O Great Boot but not meant for the tropics I bought these boots in 2009 and they were great for a couple of years but last year I noticed the parts of the sole had separated from the upper eventhough the sole has hardly any wear. I was told that this happens in the tropics where humidity is high and the glue used to stick the sole is not meant for the tropics.
B000XELF3O Durable and comfortable, even in a steel mill I spend 7.5 to 11.25 hours a day on my feet and weigh around 270lbs. I need a boot that can keep up with the work environment of a steel mill and this boot fulfills those needs. I bought these boots in the beginning of January 2013 and they are still holding up well as of June 2013. The soles, insoles, and uppers are all holding up well. Other boots on my job wear out in half the time of these. The boots are showing enough wear that I will be replacing them within the next couple of months. Buying these boots again.
B000XETJU0 Better than my Wolverines! I had a pair of Wolverines as my first work boots that fell apart within the first 6 months, same thing happened to a coworker of mine. Separated uppers from the sole. I wore those stinking leather rags on my feet for the next 3 years. I finally upgraded to these. These were a little cheaper than what I paid for my Wolverines and are infinitely better. My feet feel fine after a 9 hour shift and I can tell you that these boots feel very strong and sturdy. I had some pains my first week as others have mentioned from the seam of the heel piece rubbing on my ankle. I no longer feel that and I think all boots have some amount of break in time. I've only owned these a few months but I'm pretty sure I'd buy them again.
B000XETJU0 Great, except they only lasted 6 months These are sturdy, comfortable, waterproof, overall great boots.  They don't last long enough though.  If you're wearing these for odd jobs, yardwork, weekend stuff... they'll probably hold up fine for a couple years.I work construction about 50 hours a week and I liked these boots a lot until they fell apart after 6 months.  They didn't seperate from the sole, but the leather on the sides split open.  I wish they would have lasted longer, but for the price I think this is the most comfortable boot you can get.
B000XETJU0 Great boot at reduced cost! I had been buying Wolverine shoes once a year for 125 dollars on amazon as I wear them in a mechanic shop 40 hours a week.  I have had a set of these for about 6 months now and they are wearing just as well as the Wolverines at a much reduced cost
B000XETJU0 Would be great BUT sole keeps separating I bought these boots at the end of 2010. The first pair needed to be returned due to misaligned stitching. The replacement pair looked fine and felt great on the feet. Easily the best fitting, most comfortable boot I've ever worn. To this day I'll wear these instead of other shoes just for running around in.The problem that keeps these from being a good buy is that the soles easily and constantly want to separate from the bottom of the boot. The soles will start to split and the crack will continue to grow if left alone. The only way I saved them is by using super glue on the soles, clamp them together overnight and that seems to work. I don't know if gorilla glue superglue is just that good or what but it does work.This isn't about time or wear and tear either. The first splits appeared within a couple of months of use. So far since late 2010 I've had to glue these boots back together three separate times.So be warned. While these are very comfortable boots buy them with a bottle of superglue as you are going to need it to get your money's worth out of these boots.
B000XETJU0 Best work boots I've every owned Very happy with these boots now.  Usually work boots last me about 6 months; I've had these 6 months now and they look worn, but still some useful life left, probably will replace them in 3 months or so. They did have a somewhat long break-in period - TWO WEEKS, in which parts rubbed and caused soreness blisters.  I almost sent them back, but once they loosened up - they are so comfortable!  Nothing can affect your quality of life, if you work a physical job, quite like your shoes.  Bad shoes make you tired faster, joints sore.  These have helped me a lot.  I'm hooked.  Hope they keep making them.  One side note, I made the mistake of using mink oil on these - it discolored them a bit.  It would help if the shoes came with a small guide on suggested shoe care.
B000XETJU0 Lightweight and comfortable. I wear these boots 50-60 hrs a week as a commercial electrician in Manhattan. no complaints as of yet and Ive had them for around 5 months now. I also have the Direct Attach in steel toes. The pitboss are better all around boots.
B000XETJU0 TIMBERLAND BOOTS/WATCH OUT!!!!!! THE BOOTS LOOK GREAT BUT!!!!!  THE SOLES ARE TO HARD AND THEY ARE SLIPPERY {VERY} ON ICE. ALSO I WAS VERY VERY VERY SURPISED THAT THE INSIDE FRONT ON BOTH SOLES CRACKED/ I AM STILL WEARING THEM BUT THEY WONT LAST MUCH LONGER/ I WORK IN A MECHANIC/ EQUIPMENT ENVIRONMENT/ BUT TO ONLY GET 4 MONTHS OUT OF A PAIR OF BOOTS OF THIS QUALITY /  THIS IS NOT RIGHT!!!!!!!
B000XETJU0 Take a bit to break in I've ordered these before and they do last. It seems these have taken a bit longer to break in than the last pair. But they are good boots. Don't look for a well insulated boot with these. Fit is right and I'll probably will buy again if they are still around in a year, if they don't go up in price as much as they did in the last year.
B000XETU1I Good and bad qualities I am a construction inspector and have been wearing these for about 9 months now. They are very comfortable boots and the leather is very supple. I usually wear a wide but the medium width fits perfect. After a few months a small puncture appeared on the sole at the front of the footbed and has gradully gotten larger. This is not so great. The outer sole at the heel has worn through to the midsole which is also not great. I would still consider purchasing another pair of these boots because they are that comfortable.
B000XETU1I They are okay. Came from Red Wings to these trying to save some money. I'm a building engineer so I'm working all day in a pretty normal working environment.  Stitching started to come apart around the toe box in a few spots in the first month.  Reinforced them myself. After that no problems at all.  They are around 4/5 months now and seem to be holding up pretty well. As much as I would expect from a shoe that cost only around $95 bucks.  If they last me over a year and a half I'll be happy.  If you don't have $260 to spend on some Red Wings these will do you just fine for a year or two.
B000XEVJJO Good product The sizing was right on my bf says they are very comfortable and they are still going for probably about 6 months now of everyday hard wear and tear. Will probably by more when these run out!
B000XEVJJO JUNK I have purchased many pairs of Timberland pro shoes during the past many years, (I kind of feel obligated because I did work for them on their 2004 catalog when they launched their clothing line -that's me in the cover).  I used to love the clothes they sold but since they discontinued them I figured I'd still be loyal to Timberland and buy the shoes.I've had two versions of the shoe this one pictured, the ankle high boot, and the lower shoe style. The shoe style lasted a little bit longer for some reason. This pair lasted to me total of five months. The eyelets started to rip after two months light use (I am just a homeowner who has a few apartments I work on so it was not like I'm going to the job site every day) The soles of the shoes- I was really surprised of- they started to wear thin right in  the middle after only a few months as well. The shoes might be worth $40 if bought at Walmart but I would stay away from these unless you just wear them as casual now and then. They do look nice.Go with the Tmberland Pro Endurance boots, they're almost as much and  really beefy and those have lasted me two years so far but I expect I'll only get a few more months out of them.
B000XEVJJO Work boots These boots don't feel like they're made by Timberland. They squeak and creek.  I guess you can't expect much for $65.  Update: After 6 months ,the eyelets are starting to break.  They are made from nylon webbing material.
B000XEVJJO Not as robust as I expected Last December, I purchased a pair of these at Amazon, which I started to wear in January 2013. After 2 months of using the boots, they started to show signs of advanced wear at the soil, the toe cap and the eyelets. You might think I work as coal miner. The fact is I work at a substation and I don't give them any hard use.
B000XEVJJO Great Shoes We bought these for my husband's pool technician job.  Great price, plus they came in 14W which is very hard to find.  So far, they are holding up very well to the heat, water, and chemicals.  We have had them for 2 months so far, and they seem to be very well made and they were comfortable from day one.
B000XEVJJO Great for landscape workers I bought these for my husband to replace a pair of steel toe Timberlands that had ripped (although they were only a year old). I didn't realize his old ones were Timberlands and ordered these based on price and availability of his size (14 extra wide). Anyway, he's only been wearing them about a week but he says they are very comfortable and a lot of guys have been asking him where he got them. He works in the landscaping industry and is outside in both nice and inclement weather here in New England. So far, so good. I just hope they last more than one year. Will update if any problems arise.UPDATE :After a mere 2 months of wear my husband informed me of the same issue that other reviewers have complained about.  The loopholes have ripped.  We have contacted Timberland and hope they will replace or refund.
B000XEVJJO Six months and poof... I've had 4 pair of TimPro's. Have been completly happy with all, except this pair. I've had them for six month now and on one boot all but three of the eyelets are gone. What's up Timberland? Used to be a great product...
B000XEVJJO Great for work boots I am a satellite technician and am on roofs and ladders all day, and crawling around in crawlspaces from time to time.  I love these boots.  The waterproofing works well for the first few months at least; after then you will want to apply additional waterproofing if that feature is important to you.  Even without it(I haven't added any yet) they are pretty water resistant, I work in the rain and rarely if ever get wet feet.  Bear in mind I wear these boots an average of 50-60 hours a week, in all conditions.  The soles have great grip, and have saved me from injury(at least) on more than one occasion. Quite comfortable, and after 8 months of heavy use all I need is a new pair of insoles.  The fabric has started to fray cosmetically but the boot itself is going strong!update and correction: 50-60 hours a week, not day, of course.  Also, after less than a year of use, one of the loops for the shoelace broke when I was tightening the laces.  Disappointing, certainly.  The fabric just gave way.  I still wear them; I'll be adding my own metal ring eventually as the boots are still serviceable otherwise.
B000XEVLF6 Bad Quality I was buying these shoes for long time until now.  For the last few years boots last less and less, the previous order from 2012 the boots last about 6 months, but this time not even 3 months I am shocked. They start cracking outside on both sides  and the fabric in side also wore out after a month. Sorry Timberline Pro but I have passed on next one.
B000XEVLF6 work shoe feel These shoes took about a week to break-in. Stand about 8 hrs in a manufacturing plant with some type of mats. Once they were broken in they felt good. Never had timberland only used shoes for crews which did not last and felt bad after 6-8 months.
B000XEVLF6 Do not buy this low quality produced shoe! I purchased this product in February, daily office use (no aggressive wear) and in less than three months later the panels are falling apart at the stitching. Poor quality material, worse stitch work.
B000XEVLF6 bad The shoes are very comfortable however the leather started to come apart after the  second day. That was very aggrieving.
B000XEVLF6 Pain in the.... I owned a pair of Timberland Pitboss boots before these that have lasted me 4 years and when it was time to retire them I figure Timberland was a great brand so I picked up these at a local store for around 90 dollars.... what a waste . They started out stiff like most new shoes but after wearing them for 3 months I started developing a sharp pain in my right heel, I have tried several different inserts and even the special heel pain inserts and none of them helped so I brought my old pitboss boots out of retirement and a week later viola! pain gone! Wore these 1 day the next week and BAM pain is back in full force. I tell everyone I know to stay away from these shoes and pray they haven't caused permanent damage to my foot.P.S. I work 40+ hours a week in an auto dealer shop on a concrete floorIf you want good work boots get these [...]
B000XEVLF6 not worth it!!! i have went threw 3 pair in the last week the first two pair the soles weret glued in so when you put the shoe on the soles slide around and the third pair wore them for two days and looked down and the side of the shoe came apart...... im 145 pounds i dont have wide feet soooo im just guess its a crapy product
B000XEVM50 TOUGH, yet weak... I bought these shoes for work a few months ago and i decided after some wear that it's time for a review.First of all, the outside of these shoes are absolutely built Ford tough, i have put them through some serious beatings at work and they only have a few knicks and dings to report, nothing major, the sole has also performed great with no real wear yet after about 3 months of use.The real negative is the inside lining, after about 3 weeks i already had multiple holes in the heel on both shoes, these holes have now spread to an alarming amount of holes all throughout the inside of the shoes on about every contact point with my foot, I am already looking for new work shoes, which is pretty embarrassing after only a few months. These shoes are also crazy hot, i have some mysterious foot rashes now popping up from these things which i never encountered from wearing the free Dickies I received from my father, don't want to go into too many details, but my feet are now always sweaty at work and i can't wait to get these things off at the end of the day.That said, my wear is a pretty extreme case, as i walk about 11 or 12 miles a day at work, and also do alot of bending, so if you have a more mild mannered application, these things should do just fine, because they are tough as hell, just not on the inside.3 stars for balls-out toughness, but lazy lining materials.
B000XEVM50 Major wear after six months. These are not the best boots I have worn from Timberland.  The toe is uncomfortable, the lining wears out quickly, and holes start forming around the toe very quickly.  Within the first month the plastic parts at the top lace broke off, I ended up have to drill a hole in them while I was work to fix them, which works really well now. As others have stated they are very tough, just not for a very long time.  I do landscaping and these just could not keep up with the fast paced work that I do.  Timberland makes better boots than these.
B000XEVM50 Durable, Sturdy Workboot Finally broke down and bought a real pair of boots from a know company, and I'm not disappointed. I had been buying cheap boots from walmart and kmart and they would last maybe 6 months. Well I've had these Timberlands for about 6 months now and they're holding up great. No seams coming apart. No soles coming loose or anything like that. Very light weight which I like.  So why the 4 star rating and not a 5? These were a bit too tight on my toes for the first few weeks wearing them which was uncomfortable. I even ordered an extra size bigger and wide and I'm glad I did. Now that they're worn in it doesn't bother me as much. Also these get cold very easy, within minutes of being outside in below freezing temps, I can feel the cold around the sides and toes. Definitely would consider buying these again. I like the style, the traction is great, and the overall comfort is good.
B000XEVM50 Heavy abuse I have a very physical job and my boots take a lot of abuse, in saying that the outside holds up well but after 3 months, the inside got torn up and and is wearing out, although they are as comfortable as sneakers, I don't think they'll last another 3 months, remember my job involves a lot of walking so these would work if you stayed stationary.Bottom line, you get what you pay for and these are worth 100 bucks, next time I'll spend a lot more for boots that'll last at least a year.
B000XEVM50 great shoes for about a year i'm a commercial electrician who does alot of walking and was looking for something lighter and more comfortable than your typical boot. i found these and bought them. they are the most comfortable work shoes i have worn. i would have given them 5 stars but for the price they didn't last as long as i would have liked. after  a year they really started to fall apart i managed to get another 6 months out of them but they now have big holes in the sides where the steel toe stops. the soles are holding up nicely though. all things considered i will buy another pair because they were so comfortable.
B000XEVM50 dont need anything else Sizes were very good fit. Been wearing for a couple months and very happy with a lighter shoe thats strong enough to protect my feet. No these arent top of the line steel toes but honestly most people dont need them. These provide great protection around light heavy equipment tractors and general work environment. I do agree the shoelace hooks are mildly unnecessary and seem to get caught on more things that they do on basic boots. The grip on the soles are great. They have been on wet steep slopes and a roof already. No complaints. will buy another pair of these again.
B000XEVM50 snug at first Just got these today and wanted to note something important before I forgot.  I'll update this review later if necessary, but it's definitely a 5-star for now.When I first put them on, they felt like my size, but I felt like they were a little snug at the forefoot, right before the toes (especially for "wides").  I also worried that the toebox might be a bit small.  They were comfortable, but I was a little concerned how they might feel after standing all day, when your feet may tend to swell a little.Typically, these sneaker-style safety shoes require very little to no break-in.  But, after wearing these around the house for about six hours, they have loosened up quite a bit and are now perfectly comfortable.  There's also good flexibility in the lacing system for adjustments, should they loosen up too much.  So, don't worry if they are a bit snug at first.  Maybe wear them on carpet for a while, do some kneeling and walk around quite a bit to see if they loosen up before returning them.Other than that, this is my third pair of Timberland Pro's (over the years), and I would say this pair fits my feet truer to size than the previous ones, which were a bit roomy.  One foot is slightly larger than the other, so there's a somewhat narrow range for me to achieve dual-foot nirvana, and these do the trick.In my view, these shoes have the best stability of any sneaker-style safety shoe that I've had to date.  In fact, despite having taken off a pair of boots to put these on, I have had to be reminded several times that these aren't boots!  They didn't try to make a running shoe with a steel toe, and I really appreciate that.I like the aggressive soles, because you can transition between inside and outside jobs with the same shoe; however, as others have noted, you don't get as much rubber hitting the asphalt, so to speak, and may bust your *** on a slick, smooth surface as a result.  In and around my house, the soles have been pretty grippy on synthetic hardwood, real hardwood and unfinished concrete surfaces.  They are not nearly as non-slip as a quality hiking boot with a sticky, soft, floor-marking outsole, but who wants to wear a $150-200 boot to work and wear the soles out in 3 months?Finally (for now), having shoelaces that aren't completely black adds just a touch of flair.  It's a minor thing, but that bit of subtlety breaks up the monotony of the solid black shoe while preserving a "professional" appearance.  If you are on the fence, these shoes are worth giving a shot.
B000XEVM50 Great shoes and Price! I've had bad luck when it has come to buying work shoes. This includes even buying brands which were in this same type of price range. And they never seem to last more than 6 months. I wore them today, and they look great, and are especially comfortable. Now, I'm hoping that they will last pass the 6 month deadline.
B000XEVM8W ALEX RAD 5 DAYS AFTER NEW. BOAT MECHANIC I AM. I GO THRU SHOES ONCE EVERY 3 MONTHS,  THEY SEEM ROUGH AND TUFF. UM, WHERE THE STEEL TOE IS KINDA HURTS AND RIGHT BELOW THE ANKLE IS GETTING RUBBED RAW, BUT THEY SEEM TO BE BREAKING IN. THEY R NOT THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES, ID RATE A 5 OUT OF 10. THEY R NOT SLIPPERY ON CONCRETE OILY FLOORS NOR WET BOATS. UM FEET ARE SORE AFTER 8 HRS. BUT I LIKE THE RUFF AND TUFF, I NEED SHOES THAT AREN'T FALLING APART AFTER 2 MONTHS,,, I LL WRITE ANOTHER REVIEW IN A MONTHOR SO.5 days later, shoes r breaking in... feel better not hurting around the toe nor the ankle... still sore after 8-10 hrs but thats the norm... so far so good glue, seams r staying together.... most shoes i wear start coming apart after 2 weeks, the seams....about a month later, broke in perfect..... staying together..... they r ruff and tough, i would def recommendFrom me the owner of these shoes, Over a yr. still together. My only prob is white awl-grip doesn't come off. I can't believe these thing r still alive and in good cond. a++++ all the way. You won't be diss appointed Get a good insole. My only recommendation. Also. Mink oil them rite away. And for 7 day. It will water proof them and also let u get paint off, because of the coatings. Enjoy!!!
B000XEVM8W Eh. Not a robust design. These shoes are super comfortable and relatively light for a steel-toed shoe.  However, they came apart after 3 months on a beer truck.
B000XEW60K better than expected Have wore these for six months now and other than scrapes looks and feels new.  I do a/c work and get these wet about every other day cleaning units.  The first thing I did was coat with military surplus leather dressing, and do so every 3 months. Makes very waterproof. Im close to 300 lbs with flat feet and would have wore out my $130.00 New Balance 926's long ago.  They only last me about 3 months. The safety toe on one foot is tight but that is because my left foot is wider than right and did not want to go to size 14.  Am going to try a shoe stretcher on that shoe.  If you are heavy with bad feet, this is the best shoe I have found yet. They are heavy though not like sneakers. They are also very good on slippery surfaces . I have bought 2 more pairs as backups in case they become obsolete.
B000XEX67M they were nice at first but as soon as they broke in ... had mine for less then five months, outside of one is completely blown out, met guard peeling apart, just falling apart everywhere. they were nice at first but as soon as they broke in they started falling apart
B000XEX67M Falling Apart I've had these boots for 6 months now; they're falling apart.  I've gone threw roughly one shoe string per month on just one boot because of rubbing on one particular eyelet.  The sole cracked after 2 months, and the material at the top started separating from the leather over the past 2 months.  They've kept my feet safe, but they aren't going to last much longer than a month.
B000XEX67M Comfortable, but not for long. These boots are really comfortable. They fit very well, and at a good price. I would recommend using leather shoelaces, as there are sharp edges on the inside of some of the eyelets. Also, the 'pleather' ankle cushion on the back of the shoe started coming apart from the real leather after about 6 months or so. When it started coming apart I took the boot to a shoe repair shop. It cost me $15 to have him put stitches on both boots, and they have lasted for the past 6 months with no other problems.
B000XEX67M I have this and the 8" Bought in April 2013 it is January 2014 I have worn out the soles on Both! I have this and the 8".  Bought in April 2013 it is January 2014 I have worn out the soles on Both!  The uppers still look great!  They fit great.  I needed to add gel soles inside, as I do alot of standing on concrete.  They are great in all weather!  I wish the soles held up longer!!!
B000XEXEYW nice work shoe Comfortable,durable!!!!....lasted longer than cattipiller brand. Work indoors in food industry, lots of oils & lubricants. Uppers like new, soles wore out after 11 months, still 3 month's longer than other brands. This will be 2nd pair. Wear great, breath nicely
B000XF04LM Barely acceptable Started wearing these shoes about 14 months ago. They're comfortable enough, but the insoles wore out too quickly. Got replacement insoles from a shoe repair store in town and they seem to be much higher quality. I'm about to order another pair of these shoes, but I'll START with higher quality insoles this time. The reason I'm ordering another pair now is that the rubber sole has developed a tear and I want to be prepared for when the tear gets worse. Hope this helps.
B000XF04LM Bad soles! Shoes themselves were good, comfortable at first but lost a little once I broke them in.  However the soles of these shoes are garbage.  Three months after I bought them the soles split on both shoes, they became horribly uncomfortable, and living in Minnesota I walk in a lot of snow so my feet were constantly soaked.  Usually any shoes/boots I buy last me at least a year or more but I had to replace these after only four months.  Do not recommend.
B000XF04LM Quality Issue I used these shoes for everyday/weekend wear.  This included hiking in the mountains and a trip to London and Paris where I walked everywhere.  The sole on one of them split from side to side just behind the ball of my foot and are no longer water tight two months ago.  I have a serious crack showing up on the other shoe.  They just don't seem to be able to stand up to this type of wear and tear.  Maybe better suited for only sidewalks, but then what is the point to having the reinforced toe?
B000XF04LM Tough Shoe I go through a pair of these about every 6-7 months, but I wear them almost 15 hours a day, 5 days a week and sometimes weekends.  The fit is great and they don't come apart inside like other shoes I have tried, even from Timberland.
B000XF04LM Very comfy, but sole wears out too quick I bought these because I loved my boots of the same style.  However, I won't buy them again.  Two pairs of boots and one pair of oxfords and they all cracked in the soles at the exact same spot. Once they crack they act like a sponge and pull water into the foot box and soak your socks, making for a very uncomfortable day.  Until they crack they are super comfortable and stylish.  It very well may be the shape of my foot or the way I walk but none of them lasted more than 6 months.  I need a longer wearing shoe.
B000XF04LM New an improved from previous model These were purchased to replace my last pair of Timberlands when the sole split at less than a year old. Much happier with the overall construction and improvements to the sole.
B000XF04LM so far so good Very comfortable right out the box, I needed the extra wide size. As for quality time will tell, I work under very harsh conditions, will try to update in a couple months.
B000XF04LM First 6 months very comfortable.  After that, its downhill I have had my boots officially 8 months today.  The boots held up well for the first 5-6 months, and then after that, the sole kind of died.  Once had some spring in my walk, and now it feels like  I am walking on a pressed piece of rubber with zero cushion.  My previous pair failed at a year.  The sole cracked right in front of the arm straight across.  The shoes also had issues around the 6 month mark.  I put insoles in the previous ones for a little bit before getting a new pair.  This will be my last pair of timberlands
B000XF04LM Comfortable shoe but sole came apart. I have had these boots in the past and they are normally great, but after only 2 months wearing the sole on the front part of the shoes came apart. Not sure if this is a reject or not. Very displeased with the quality and this purchase.
B000XF04LM Mad! I bought these shoes around 7 months ago. I have owned timberland's before and they have lasted very long! I began wearing them around 5 months ago. Comfort was great the safety toe was strong so i thought the buy was a good one, how was i wrong! The shoe is still one piece still strong  however the sole of the shoe deteriorated rapidly. The kinda work i do involves a lot of bending for inspection purposes. The sole of the shoe has split on both sides and the sole is also worn to the point where i cant walk in a puddle with out having soaked socks!! The shoe has a thin layer of rubber then a sponge type material in the sole, The rubber has worn away leaving the "sponge type" material. Disappointed by the poor quality i was forced to buy another pair (different brand) of work boots....
B000XF04LM ok, while they last Bought a pair of these from another website and initially like them but about 8 months later the sole split and allowed water into the shoe. Liked the fact that Timberland replaced the shoes free of charge, ( i had to pay for shipping). Only problem is that the new pair also split within 6-8 months later. Granted I put some high mileage on the shoes but the shoes were only worn down half way when they split both times. Supposed to be rugged but apparently not for work.
B000XF04LM Not very durable These shoes are basically a cut off set of boots. Initially they rubbed against the bottom of my ankle which was uncomfortable, but they soon broke in and I got used to them. They wore well for a few months, but the insoles began to show wear in about 6 months. When they were pulled out the bed under them looked like cracked concrete that is ready to start coming out. I'm disappointed in their durability. I bought Timberland shoes to get high quality shoes that I expected to be high quality and durable. The soles still look like new, but the inside is a different story.
B000XF4D1Y so very durable theyre comfortable enough so that you dont even notice them but where they really shine is in their durability. after nine months of heavy construction work theyre a little discolored and the minutiae on the sole are somewhat faded but one would think theyre only a month old, maybe a little more. they also look quite nice!
B000XF4D1Y high expectations was very disappoiinted in these Timberland oxfords, extremely comfortable but the sole came apart in a few months! the top looks brand new  but they are un wearable now
B000XF4D1Y best work shoes you will ever buy! I work in a poultry plant. every pair of shoes that i have owned up until now, fell apart within 2 months. then on the truck one day they had these..so i thought what the heck i'll give them a try. sure enough, i loved them! very comfortable insole, outsole is slip and oil resistant. (however it's not waterproof). if you work around alot of water/chemicals you should clean these shoes regularly and apply mink oil to them to keep the leather from cracking. had these boots about 7 months and they still feel great! great for someone that has a fast paced job like mine.i walk and nearly run in these all day and they feel great! do yourself a favor and get a pair! also, they clean up nice for a great shoe off the job too!
B000XF4D1Y 7months and shoes sole split in half I would buy these again if they would have lasted longer but 7 months that's crap and the sole split in half I think that amazon should send me new ones or a 105 dollar gift card to buy new ones!
B000XR2GN4 Terrible Soles I wore these for a little more than three months before the soles on both boots split right across the middle. Once you wear through that thin grey layer, there is nothing but foam between your feet and the ground.
B000XR2GN4 Comfortable and durable Bought these for my husband in black size 14W and they are great. I bought them in March 2010 and it is now late August and they are holding up perfectly and still comfortable as ever. He works in construction at least 8 hrs a day and usually 6-7 days a week. No complaints at all about these boots. Very durable. Well worth the money, but the price was aactually really low when I bought them so they were a really good deal. They fit well in every way, even for a wide foot.I read other reviewers complaints about the boot quality, falling apart, holes etc .. You have to read the product description very very well. Some of the sellers are selling seconds and it does say so in their ad.Hubby has been wearing Timberland Pro for years and has never had a boot fall apart in a short time period. They always last at least a year or two and that is with heavy use. They could probably have been worn even longer, but really how long do you want to wear the same old stinky sweatty pair of work boots?? He works hard for his money and he should have nice new boots to do so in :)
B000XR2GN4 Comfy, but soles cracked after 4 months! I liked these boots because they were extremely comfortable, they were made by a brand name, and the price was right. However after only 4 months the soles cracked right under the arch, both boots. The crack is very large. I only used them 3 or 4 times a week, I walk for lawn care. Not the boot to get. Disappointed
B000XR2GN4 These boots are comfortable but they only last six months. I have worked in these boots six days a week for seven months.  They now have large cracks in the soles (same spots on both boots) that let water in.  Which makes them useless in exterior construction work or anything else out doors if it should rain.  Seven months ago I was a fan of these boots.  They were easily the most comfortable boot I have ever tried.  However, for the money they cost I will go for Red wing next time.
B000XR2GN4 almost perfect! Im currently on my 2nd pair of these wonderful boots. i work in a poultry plant stocking supplies/freight, and i wanted a boot that wasn't going to fall apart in a month. My last pair lasted me over a year and the only reason i trashed them is because the soles started peeling off. (this is due to residual chemicals left on the floor after clean up). Even though these aren't waterproof i can walk through small puddles with ease and my feet stay dry!these boots fit my feet like a glove and i love them!if timberland made these Chemical resistant they would be perfect. great value for the money and SO COMFORTABLE. im now a very faithful customer to timberland!
B000XR2GN4 Better Than Most You will end up buying a gel insole within a couple months, the removable insole will wear through. That is no big deal, the boots are holding up very well after 6 months of squatting, climbing, and crawling under houses. Occasionally I put some brown liquid polish & they're good to go. Heavy usage with no splits.
B000XR2W1U Disappointing The sole on these boots have not held up as well as my Redwing Worx. They really weren't any cheaper or more comfortable than Redwings.  The shoe itself has held up well, but the soles, especially the toe part of the sole is coming apart.
B000XR2W1U I love Timberland boots I purchased these boots because I work outside during the winter.  The boots were wide enough for heavy socks and extremely warm to -5 degrees when I was out shoveling snow for 8 hrs.  My only complaint would be the sole of the boot began to crack  within 6 months.  The following winter (my job is seasonal) they cracked across the entire sole and I had to repair them with a boot glue, to make it through this past winter.  Ive had several pairs of Timberland hiking boots and have worn soles out but never had one crack before.  Although the rest of the boot has held up, was disappointed in these.
B000XR2W1U Walk virtually non-stop for 10+ hours on concrete. I've had these shoes for almost a year.  I didn't give it 5 stars because around six months they got worn in the insole, but then I do walk 10+ hours 4-6 days a week.  I did replace them with official Timberland insoles and for three months more they felt like new.  If you had a job where you didn't walk so much I would imagine that they could last a very long time.  I would buy these again.
B000XR4IXA Very comfortable and lightweight. I bought this exact pair of boots last February for my wife to wear at work, she liked them a lot from first day.  She says they are very comfortable and lightweight.  They fit good and likes the wide size on them.  The only thing that she has against this boots is that the sole started to break apart like 8 months after she started to wear them.  I guess this type of sole are the same as the ones on mans, I did had a couple of pairs of this boots on man sizes and they did the exact same thing, sole broke apart after like 6 months of use.  I wish Timberland come up with a different sole on them.
B000XR4IXA I love these boots I have been wearing these boots for about 6 months now and I love them!!! They fit great right out of the box. In my line of work I'm around a lot of oil, grease, harsh chemicals and harsh weather. They have held up well in every way. Normally I am so rough on my boot I have to replace them by the 6 month mark, sometimes sooner.They are serious about being waterproof too! I SOAKED them washing some equipment last week and didn&#8217;t even realize it. My socks were totally dry and my toes nice and toasty warm. I bought these just for work but I love them so much I find that I&#8217;m wearing them at home also. I don&#8217;t need safety toe at home but they are so comfy I find myself reaching for these instead of my other shoes. I will be buying another pair when these finally wear out but by the looks of them I should have at least another 6 months. That&#8217;s amazing for me; if you are not hard on your boots these things will last you forever.
B000XXGMRO EXTREMELY UNCOMFORTABLE AFTER ONLY A FEW HOURS. The interior and inner sole were trashed within 9 months of normal, non work wear.  The tread on the bottom of the boot wore quickly.  Just a very cheaply made boot.  Made my feet hurt.  The only good thing I can say about them is that they are goodlooking.
B000XXGMRO Nice at first but fell apart in 3 months I bought these boots and at first really liked them, however after a couple months of light wear (mostly city), the rubber sole began to separate from the rest of the boot at the toe.  Had no trouble returning them, but I wouldn't recommend them for someone who will use them a lot.
B000XXGMRO Best boot for the money I work at the local Timberland store, and I've been wearing these boots for a good year now, living on a tropical island I did take these through every test from long, hot and humid days to rainy and muddy ones and I must say, after 12 months I am astonished.They are so comfortable, there is really no breaking-in period. If you're not used to wearing boots (like I, before getting these), then it could feel awkward the first couple of weeks if you tie the laces all the way up, should probably leave the 2 top holes free until the ankle softens up. Not only do the lining holds really well, but the leather quality is so amazing that when I take them off and let them breathe for a couple of minutes and they dry out It smells like new leather.The construction of the boot makes it stand out against others, these boots are first sewed on a flat surface piece by piece and then they're sewed on to the upper sole, then the upper sole gets glued to the lower sole. Making it a very reliable and sturdy boot. After all the use I've put it through the lower sole seems to be starting to separate from the upper sole from the edges, at this point I could have it glued back or change the sole to another third party sole, hassle free since the design of the boot allows this to be done quite easily.Now they do fit larger, as most TBL's boots they're measured on UK's sizing which is usually half a size bigger (US), I am normally a US size 12, but I wear a size 11.5M on these boots (and many other TBL's boots) so keep this in mind when buying.You should note that these boots will get darker with time this is because of the oily leather and rugged looks, they actually look better with time!. Also, I would recommend getting the Timberland's WaximumTM and/or Balm Proofer, these products help protect and keep the leather 'Oiled' look while making it water and stain proof.I would recommend these pretty much for any one looking for a long lasting, quality, stylish, comfortable pair of boots.
B000XXGMRO Be warned about the boot's sole... I bought these boots a few months ago and, within weeks, the  rubber sole -particularly at the toe-began separating from the base . I brought them in to the local dealer who replaced them but mentioned that he has been getting many complaints from customers regarding this issue. He told me that the glue the company is using is an "environmentally friendly" type that has a lessor bonding ability. This caused a tripping hazard for me. Other than that, the boots were fine. Buyer beware.
B000XXGMRO Love thee, but the sole wears quickly These are very comfortable boots, look great in both dress up and dress down situations. I read reviews about the soles wearing quickly and that others had re-soled them. This is why I decided to purchase them. The soles are not worn completely, but when they do I will take them to the cobbler.
B000XXGMRO Ripped after 6 months of light wear. I bought these because I always liked and wanted a pair. I wore them occasionally on weekends. This last weekend I wore them and found after then had ripped out near the small toe. There is only a 30 day amazon warrenty. Be cautious when buying.
B000XXGMRO built not to last this boot is worth about $30.00 walmart sale, boot falling apart after 60 days sole comming apart and side of boot pulling apart.used in every day lite work getting in and out of truck working in stores will not buy there boots agin
B000XXGMRO They look great but are not constructed well. I purchased these boots two months ago, have worn them maybe ten times, and the tongue of my right boot has already almost completely torn off due to lousy stitching.  Othen than this, the boots look great, although they do scuff fairly easily.
B000XXGMRO Style+ wear- I love the style, but the front of the sole us already coming apart. I've only had them for three weeks.....
B000XXGMRO I've had better Timberlands I live in snowy and icy Michigan, often working in outside conditions.  I've been buying Timberland exclusively for years and they have treated me well.  However, a month after buying them, I have a few problems with the Earthkeepers.  First of all, the tongue on EACH boot is the victim of a poor stitching job, causing the top part of each tongue to be sewed only halfway.  Once tied, this is no big deal, but a bit disappointing considering the price.  I called for an exchange, but apparently I have a rare (or very common) foot size and was able to only return for a refund or keep the boots as I bought the last pair in my size (13W).  I decided to cut my losses and keep them.One other manufacturing problem is that it appears as if the sole on one of the boots is starting to come unattached to the boot itself, toward the heel end.  I would be surprised if these boots lasted even a year before needing to getting resoled, not due to the sole wearing down but because of the sole actually coming off.  For now the sole is staying on and does not appear to be loosening any further but I am wary.Speaking of the sole, the traction of the boots is pretty bad.  If you work in any sort of environment with slick floors be prepared to find things to hold onto so you don't slip and fall.  This was not a problem with other Timberlands.  I'm guessing it has to do with the "earth-friendly" material.These boots, however, are certainly not all bad.  The fit is great.  After a short break-in period of maybe a week I am able to wear them for 12 hours without my feet getting sore.  The arch supports felt a bit obstructive at first but now have conformed to my feet.  They look great, as well.  Not totally water-proof but as long as you are not splashing in puddles your socks should remain dry.  All in all, not perfect, pretty good, but not as great as I would be hoping for from Timberland.
B0017023J8 WARNING Will Robinson..... These shoes are CHEAP. As another reviewer indicated, the sole started falling apart after a few wears. It is a vibram type sole, except EVERY little piece of tread is GLUED on. They started coming apart almost immediately. I will be returning mine to Macy's in person, not waiting for a return slip from them.I will never buy another Timberland shoe again without inspecting in person. I thought they felt really cheap when I got them because they were so lightweight. But I liked the way they looked so I figured ok.My shoes usually last me for years. I mean like 20 years and more.If there was a zero star, I would give it that. Anyone who gave this a high rating, simply has not had theirs fall apart. Yet.NEVER again.BUYER BEWARE.
B001704YR2 Extremely Disappointing! After 4 months of daily wear, the insole of each shoe broke along the perforations at the ball of the foot.  I bought replacement insoles for $30.00.  A month later the outer soles wore through at both the heel and balls of the feet.  If you remove the insole, you'll notice that the soles of these shoes are filled with cone shaped holes drilled nearly all the way through to the bottom.  When they wear through, water comes right up inside the shoe.  Perhaps a good design for comfort (these ARE extremely comfortable shoes), but a lousy design for durability - these are less durable than Crocs!  I've worn Timberland boots exclusively for many years, and bought these shoes based on my previously high regard for Timberland products.  I am appalled.
B001704YR2 This is a GREAT shoe! I am a teacher and I am on my fit constantly.  It is always a challenge for me to find great shoes that fit right AND are comfortable.  I found them when I ordered these.  I have had them for almost 18 months and I am ready for a new pair.  I can't recall how long it took for them to break in, but it couldn't have been that long.  I do remember having to replace the shoelaces rather quickly though, but that's not a deal breaker!
B001704YR2 Timberland Men's Earthkeeper Oxford. These shoes were comfy on the first wear. Can't say enough about them. Going to order another pair in a few months. I've had them a couple weeks now. Lived in them and they still look like new. Worth the money.
B001704YR2 Fell apart after 2 weeks I have bought a new pair of Timberland boots every year for 5 years and now im not in a metal workshop but on my feet as a school teacher i went for something a little more casual. I have always been a 8.5 2E in Timberland but these felt like a D fit. After 5 days of wearing with the laces loosely tightened sat down to rest my sore feet and saw that both shoes on both sides of the shoe had started to come apart from the sole right at the very widest part of the shoe.
B00170AGPQ These boots were okay... After drooling over these boots for a season or two, I broke down and bought them in January 2009.  I'm usually size 7.5-8 and purchased a 7.5; I should have gotten an 8.  They fit uncomfortably snug the first few wears but eventually I could don them without pain.  I wore them to Sundance Film Festival and throughout Chicago's harsh winter and found them to keep my feet warm 70% of the time.  I would lose feeling in my toes and could feel the coldness of the pavement or snow creep up through the sole when outside for a period of time.  In October 2009, the back laces to one boot broke and I had to buy a new set.  Not a big deal; just surprising and inconvenient.  The next month, the zipper to one boot broke.  I took it to a a repair shop who refused to fix it because, "Honestly, it's not worth the money.  It will cost at least $50 to fix.  Just buy a new pair of boots."  Before I tossed the boots, I took out the insole and noted that they were pretty much flattened after about 6 months of wear (it stays cold in Chicago late and comes early!).  I enjoyed these boots but alas, they didn't last.  I will not buy them again.
B001760K56 Beautiful & Comfortable BUT WON'T LAST. UPDATE 3/12/13:Everything I said below is still true, HOWEVER, after owning these boots for 4 months the heels have started to wear away. The rubber is actually falling apart. You can see inside the soles! It's crazy! I've never had a paid of boots fall apart so fast. I can't return them here because they've been worn but I did contact Timberland. I haven't yet received a response from them.-------These are great looking boots. I normally wear an 8 but bought an 8.5-I actually think that the 8.5 is too big, but I put a padded insole in and this made them fit perfectly and made them just a bit more comfortable. I was worried they would be too narrow but I have not had a problem. I did need to break them in just a little but this only took about 2 days of wear.I wore them in the rain the other day and they are indeed waterproof. I think they are fantastic.
B001760K56 Sole peeled off within 3 months of minimal use I bought these in January, and by the beginning of March, in under 10 wears, the sole at the heel peeled off the boot. HUGE boo. I've had bad luck with this seller's products (Heart & Sole), in that the shoes have failed both times I've bought from them. I've bought this brand from Zappos every year for 5 years (the same boot, in fact) and I've never had a problem with Timbs. Could it be that Heart & Sole sells slightly defective stuff? I don't know. But I do wonder.Now we're past the return window. I will contact the seller in all my spare time and try for a remedy. Last time (with a pair of Jambu sandals), Heart & Sole did refund my money, but what a huge pain in the ass!
B001764P20 Lasted 2 months, I expect more from Timberland These lasted 2 wonderous months in Chicago before the leather came apart from the sole on the side of one of the shoes.  Needless to say, this means I can no longer wear these in the winter.  I bought these because I was looking for waterproof, good traction, and durability.  I got the first 2, just not the last one.  I expect more from Timberland, but evidently paying for a quality product isn't what Timberland is offering anymore.
B0019QW9DK Beautiful but too tall! These boots are gorgeous and extremely well made. For slightly older children (3+) they'd be great and I'm back on to buy another pair...however..for toddlers/new walkers they're rubbish. They are SO tall she couldn't bend her legs and when I tried her in some; six months on they were too narrow to do the zipper up. Also not the best boots when you're rushing to get out the door! They are lovely though and got loads of compliments the two times she managed to wear them. Would last for several generations too!
B001ABTE7S A great pair of boots I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens, but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price. They are lightweight and comfortable, and look very nice in solid black. The best thing about them is their durability. I am tough as hell on shoes in general, but these are very scuff resistant. I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair, but we'll see.
B001C4CIP8 Good while they lasted. (6 months) Bought these in November 2012, started wearing them in December 2012, and the outer layer on the right boot separated from the sole in May 2013. So, 6 months of use for $180 boots. Before the boot split apart though, they were . A little difficult to break in, but I re-laced them differently, and worked that out and then they were great! I'd give 5 stars if they lasted longer than 6 months.
B001C4CIP8 Loved every minute I wore, wished they lasted longer These boots are my favorite pair of boots I've owned.  They are incredibly comfortable, although each boot weighs in at 4 pounds, so be prepared.  Also, these have an arched section where the pad of your foot would be to help with heel to toe walking.  I wore these last winter in knee deep snow and my feet never got cold.  The boots also come with a coupon in the box that you can send in and get free replacement laces for life.I will admit I wear these every day and these get flexed a lot, between squatting and crawling the toes and the entire boot bend a lot.  However, after just under a year the entire lower sole has separated from the upper on both boots.  I realize boots fall apart over time, but for the $185 I paid for these I was hoping to get a few years out of them.  If the boots had lasted longer, these would have a five star rating all day in my book.
B001CX59K0 Fell Apart After wearing the shoes three days a week for about 3 months the sole in the front of the shoe started splitting on both shoes.  It split in two spots, the rubber sole attached to the wooden looking sole and the top part of he rubber sole that is attached to the wooden looking part of the sole as well.  Not worth the 90$.  I expected more from a Timberland product.  Other than that the shoe is nice looking and I got many compliments.
B001EBA784 My Mechanic Husband's Standby My husband has ordered these for the past 3 or 4 years.  He wears them out in about exactly 1 year.  As a mechanic on concrete all day he really needs a good boot.  He does buy Dr. Scholl's Inserts for them which definitely help.  They tend to separate at the toe where that black rubber part is and then water leaks in.  This time he used black silicone across that seam before the first time he wore them in hopes he'll stretch out their wear a bit longer.  I wish they were a little cheaper...I feel like for one year of use they should be more around the $85 price point, but maybe I'm just cheap!  Overall, great boot.  They look nothing like the picture by 7-8 months though.  Super ragged!
B001EBA784 Timberland pro I have waited six months to write this review so I could be fair . I really wanted to say nice things about these boots but after they have  been in service for six months here is what I have learned. On the plus side they are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. The waterproofing is about 95% effective. On the down side the soles are almost worn flat. They provide little to no positive traction which could prove to be a problem on a ladder or roof. The stitching below and on the side of the steel toe cover is coming unstitched. You would expect a work boot to last longer than six months especially at this price. So if you want to work the boots at light duty with maybe indoor work they might hold up for you. But if you are going to work them hard don't expect them to hold up. I will not be choosing these boots again. Anyone have any recommendations on a great workboot?
B001EBJU82 Powerwelt Wellington Boot I wear these boots (steel / safety toes) for 12hr shifts, 3-4  days a week, often in standing water. If you can translate your size, they are as comfortable as bedroom slippers.My boots mud up quickly, so it's best if I can hose them, and then kick them off.I'm no kid, but I often climb steel rail stairs, ladders, and spend a bit of the time squatted down. These aren't too bad, but NO boot has held up to this sort of abuse for1 years time. In 12 months (or less) the sole will crack, the top leather shows wear, and the welt will fracture. All these things kill their ability to keep feet dry. This is my second pair.I like them, and have resigned myself to the fact of their longevity, I also get an annual boot allowance to cover the damage.Probably best for the money.
B001EBJU82 Not good in cold weather Well, I have wanted these boots for some time now, mostly because of the lower waterproof material.  I am sure they are good in warmer weather, but I work on the North Slope in Alaska and these don't hold up to the winter weather.  Four months later the sole is cracked and the lower material is cracked up.  Not how I expected them to handle in this environment.
B001EBJU82 ok boots these boots are very comfortable from the first time you put them on. the only problem is they did't last for me. the have only lasted five months and now and spliting at the flex area. and are starting to leak when wet.
B001EWFF30 Poor Quality Purchased the Timberland Flume about 2 months ago...used primarily for work (receiving dock).No break in time required... very comfortable right out of the box. The cushioning is a little thin but nothing an aftermarket insole can't remedy.After 2 months of light duty the right boot is separating at the seam. Consequentially this boot (right) does not live up to it's "waterproof" claim. Even light dew on the grass will make that foot as wet as if I fully submerged it in a creek.The left boot is fine and stays dry.Poor poor quality.Darth
B001EWFF30 Good Boot For The Price Had these boots for about 7 months,in which that time I worn them just about everyday to work for 8 hours as a HVAC mechanic at a college. I must say they fit the bill. Now on the other hand by the looks of them, Im gonna need a new pair soon. These boots have been thru alot different conditions an have held up well somewhat. Both outter seal timbs stamps on side of shoe come apart my first month.Right Ankle strap come apart 3 months.Outside of shoe cushions falling apart 4 months. Inside of heels falling apart 5-6 months. Now if a wore these boots like Jordans they would last way longer. These are some good work boots for 90$ with alittle swag to go with it.
B001FA1IGY 5 Months of Use So, it's been about 5 months since I purchased these and I have to say that the shoes are still fairly comfortable. I wore them almost every day during the summer, and the insole has barely come out.
B001FXZU92 awful big mistake on the soles of boots to buy my boots I thought everything was fine, but over only 2 months of starting them to use, I realized that the shoe sole was completely defeated, cracked all over and opened it in half, I really think they have to improve their quality control processes, because they might send me those boots with a big flaw.Timberland PRO Men's 52562 Endurance 6" PR Work Boot,Briar,11 M
B001FXZU92 comfortable but starting to fall apart after 6 months Fits great, very comfortable especially after you replace the insoles when they wear out. I work at Lowes and I'm constantly moving around, these are comfortable for about 5 months then you have to change out the insole. After that they are better than new. My only complaint is the back of the shoe is ripping out , right above the ankle area. I only gave then 3 stars because they are starting to fall apart in the back.
B001FXZU92 Still the most comfortable boots, but wish they were built to last. This is the 2nd pair of Timberland PRO I have bought. I am in love with the Anti-Fatigue technology. A lot of shoes just rely on a good insole to make the boot comfortable. This boot has a great insole and what really makes it work is the Anti-Fatigue, which is a memory foam/rubber beneath the insole that over time molds with your foot, making them even more comfortable. Only downside to this boot is they don't last more than 1 1/2 year +. By a year, they will start to come apart a little if not alot. By my 18 month with them, they had no traction left and the glue keeping the sole attached was starting to fall off. Despite this, I will still only buy these boots.I work 12 hour days on a concrete floor with no padding on the floor, my feet may tired by the end of the shift but they do not hurt. I highly recommend these boots.
B001FXZU92 Not so good for durability I purchased about 4 months ago and the black upper leather is separating from the lower leather at the heel.  I'm hard on boots, but usually on the toes...  And this is only with weekend use.  I've contacted Timberland and there response is send them in and if the are declared a product defect they will replace, with a 4 week turnaround I'll have to buy another boot to cover my feet while they decide if it's a defect or not... Will update in about 4 weeks...
B001FXZU92 Comfortable Fit, Wear Life Sucks 6 pairs in 3 yrs, The soles are rubbish after 6 months, being worn 5 days a week on concrete floors. Timberland customer service doesn't return answers from e-mails. Personally, I believe a 100+ shoe should last at least a year. I will be open to suggestions for a different shoe maker. Really disappointed with Timberland.
B001FXZU92 Soles don't last long,but AWESOME comfort. Just ordered my 2nd pair of these. The tread did'nt last but 4 month's before the traction on them was'nt good anymore,but the comfort is out of this world!!! I've worn Wolverines,and they hurt my feet badly!! I won't order any other boot but these from now on! I can live with the tread wearing out pretty quickly,but I cannot live with boots that hurt to wear like the 2 diffrent pairs of Wolverines I've worn in the past. Way to go Timberland! Please DON'T stop making this model of boot!!! If you could improve the tread lasting longer,that would be another big plus.
B001FXZU92 Great boots! Great price! I've had several pairs of these boots over the years, and I keep going back, even having tried several other brands. I still like the comfort and longevity of the Timberland Pro.I am an electrician, these boots see anything from mud, to ladders, to roofs, to digging trenches, to pounding the concrete in the snow. Great all around traction with out too much debris sticking in the sole.Pro's:Great comfort.Good traction.Great puncture resistance.Strings last as long as the boots.Awesome for ladder stamina and stability.Rated for electrical insulated sole.Con's:loud step noise(Doesn't bother me but each step you hear the clop of the heal)The sole is hard rubber, on one pair I had years back the sole cracked at the ball of the foot after a year(No cracking on last couple of pairs though)They always last me over a year.(you should probably replace your boots once a year for good foot health anyway)Great boots!!
B001FXZU92 Soles separated after 3 days While these boots felt extremely comfortable, they fell apart in days. The left heel was completely separated after 3 days and the entire right sole followed less than a week later. When I contacted their customer service, their only response was that 'their boots were made from the best materials and therefore it must have been my fault.'After happily using Timberland boots for over 15 years, I will never buy their boots again.
B001FXZU92 Only took 9 months for the heel to wear out! 
B001FXZU92 ok at best boots super comfortable for the first month.  after that the tongues of the boots would not stay centered.  constantly having to be adjusted. i retired these after 4 months, wont buy another pair.
B001FXZU92 unhappy with the quality I bought these boots for my husband abt. 2 months ago, he says they are very comfortable but the part around the top is coming undone. I am very disappointed with the quality of these boots. I going to try and send them back.
B001FXZU92 Here is the truth. I have had these boots for almost four months and this product forced me too write this review.Here is a list of malfunctions so far.-If you work on you knees the orange pen stripe you see in front of the tow box will first partly come off than if will bother you so bad you will just pull the stupid thing off.-The tongue will never stay in the right spot it will slide all the way down to the outside of your ankle ever time unless you stick the tongue out.-here is the worst one, if you do not use a shoe horn or carefully put your boots on with two hands the padding material you see on the upper ankle will rip as you slide your foot inn and your heel gets caught. The upper heel padding is very cheep material.-the sole is beggining to seperate in multiple spots. One of the areas is partly my fault because I would us the sole to unlock the casters on my tool box, but they started to rip after doing that about 5 times. I noticed it when i went to go unlock the caster and the hole pedal slid in-between the sole.-They are heavy as s***, Buuuuut i knew that before i bought them.I am still using these ripped/falling apart boots. I intend to make any my boots last me six months and I still have a little under three months left with these piece of garbage boots. My last boots were timberland pro also and I worked the last 2 months with big rips on the toe box. Lets just say, these are my last pair of Timberland work boots. They look cool though.***This is an unbiased review and based strictly on facts.
B001FXZU92 Good but not good enough I am writing this after almost a year of buying. I am a electrician who used to do a lot of residential small work so i didnt exactly use these everyday. most of the time i wore sneakers on the job so they where not exactly put through hell and back in that part of my life. however when i started working in NYC on a large job that requires a TON of walking i found them to not be so great. they are heavy, so the whole anti fatigue stuff is so not true i was exhausted, but that didnt bother me much at all. loved the protection from the steel toe and the plate on the bottom, the grip id give a 4 out of 5. so as a overview these boots are pretty darn good very protective pretty comfy even though they are heavy and they get your feet really warm. the one reason i will NEVER buy then again and probably any boot from them is because the inside boot got a hole in the material, before i knew it the whole inside was falling apart and am furious because i dont think i really put them through a hard test and already are falling apart.
B001FXZU92 Field tested, I approve I bought my first set of these boots about a year and a half ago.  Wearing them exclusively to work since then, they have taken a huge beating.  I'm a residential/commercial electrician and I go to some very unwelcoming places.  These boots though are great for me.  The steel toe is great for when a roll of 10-3 falls out the back of my truck and smacks me right on the toes.  Durable toe armor.  The steel plate has served me well, you can see all the nail holes gouged into my soles but nothing ever penetrated into the boot itself.  At over a year and a half old, any of my old boots would be completely destroyed.  I could make these last, but I deserve a new pair by this point.  Reordered these exact boots.  Will keep my old ones for digging in the mud at sites.  Boots took a hell of a beating and like others have said, the soles are the first to suffer.  Mine started to tear apart where nails had penetrated the rubber sole and worked their way out to the boot's edges.Still recommend them for comfort, durability, and absolute protection they provide.
B001FXZU92 Wore twice - side started delaminating These are comfortable, not too heavy and felt great. I purchased these for my weekend urban exploration trips - one nail in my foot convinced me to buy these. It's cheaper than an emergency room visit! They fit a little wide (I need wide ski boots and regular work boots feel tight) - so the standard width worked great.  I loved these boots - until an outing today.One side of the boot kept getting hung up on stuff. I looked at the boot, only to see that a section of the sole about 3" long was coming off the boot! Right where the sole wraps up the side of the boot, the glue (or whatever they used) did not hold. I had about 12 hours on the boots! If they were starting to fall apart this soon, I could not trust them to last any longer. Since Amazon has a 30 day return policy, I jumped on it. These went back. I already ordered a different make and model.Not only was this a quality issue, it was a safety issue. I often climb through debris, up and down tight spaces, old stairs, etc. A section on my book that keeps catching and snagging on stuff is a danger.  Maybe I got a bad pair. I give them 3 stars for comfort and fit, and quality - except for the sole!
B001FXZU92 5 pair and counting These boots hold up to daily punishment. I wear them almost exclusively. They last about one year being exposed in all types of industrial environments. They are comfortable right away. I weigh 235lbs and am on my feet most of the day. Including weekends. For the amount of time that I wear these, I couldn't ask for more from them... When they do begin to show signs of wear, It usually starts with the liner behind the heel. Often the top of the boot behind the heel will collapse so that you have to take time to use both hands to pull the boot on. Then the orange decorative rubber may begin to peel loose. Then the soles will become detached eventually with the possibility of a crack across the sole. I had one pair that I wore so long that the soles became an issue..If boots are part of your protective gear, then they should be replaced regularly. Many companies provide reimbursement at some level. Which make the price really good... I'll probably end up paying about 10 dollars for my next pair.Note the first three pairs would not hold shoe strings. Had to replace many until I learned how to do the speed laces properly!!Great boot for the price. Plus the extra electrical protection and puncture protection are great features..
B001FXZU92 Comfortable Quality Steel Toed Boot This is my fourth pair of Timberland Endurance work boots.  I am sure I will buy them again.  The Amazon price is so much better than anywhere else I have seen them.  While nothing is comfortable after 8 hours on your feet, these are better than most boots I have worn including even other Timberland footwear.  I usually wear holes in my insole in 6 months, but when I threw out my last pair after a year, the insole was not worn through.
B001FXZU92 A little unsure of the new quality???? I've bought these boots in the past. It seems every time they last less. My boots tear on the outside of my feet, they let water in and I get rid of them. They use to last about a year I'm down to 7or 8 months. I'm trying a different style now. Let's see how long they last. I will be alternating between boots so I hope they last well over a year.
B001FXZU92 well made! These boots are well made and extremely durable!My husband is hooked on the Timberland Pros. He works on a construction site in extreme heat everyday and they last longer than the more expensive competitors,  for a lot less money! He averages 2 and a half to three years with the Timberland Pro. The more expensive competitor  falls apart after only 4 mos.
B001GB379I I have this and the 6".  Bought in April 2013 it is January 2014 I have worn out the soles on Both! I have this and the 6&#34;.  Bought in April 2013 it is January 2014 I have worn out the soles on Both!  The uppers still look great!  They fit great.  I needed to add gel soles inside as I do alot of standing on concrete.  They are great in all weather!  I wish the soles held up longer!!!
B001GB379I Super compfy, true to size. no break in needed Super compfy, true to size. no break in needed.  heavy, your legs will get a workout if you walk much,  feels like when I was a kid and had roller skates..After wearing these for just a few months the back riped out.  the leather looked like it just gave way and tore along the stitching.  To bad, I really liked these boots..UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!After just four months the back on both left and right boots ripped out.  first the right one then the left.  like the leather rotted out or was perforated from the stitching..Too bad, I really liked these boots..
B001GBMXIE never again i was not happy brcause they didn't last long before the soles seperated .didn't make it for a year.good boots should last a long time.
B001GBMXIE not the best timberland boots i bought these boots 7 months ago.  with in the first couple of months the boots craked right behind the steal toes on both boots.  one boot is now ripping apart where the boot meets the sole.  i work in all types of weather and these boots ARE NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!
B001L1DBQC Beware, poor quality I bought these boots to replace another Timberland boot that I have had success with.  The second week of use they got wet and the lining in the toe of one boot separated, and something inside swelled up and hardened.  The following week the toe on the other boot started to fall apart.  The toes on both boots have now completely separated from the leather.  After one month they are in the trash can, so beware this model from Timberland
B001L1DBQC Good fit right out of the box A week in, and I love them so far. 6 to 8 months will tell the real story of these boots.12/29/2013 Now, 1 year in. about 5 months right boot started to form a crack just behind the toe cap. The more I wore them the larger the opening got. Water, dirt & small stones would go thru and in with my foot. Called Timberland, they needed to have their people look to see if it was a manufacture defect. I sent them to Timberland, 4 weeks and a brand new pair showed up at my door. 3 months in and nothing to report. This is a very haevy duty boot. Love the sole. 5 Stars to Timberland service. Thankyou.
B001OI3FUY OK.. I've bough these a couple months ago and just think they're OK. They are well made and comfortable insole and i expect them to last awhile, but they aren't the wear anytime sort of drivers i was looking for.  I do think these look like slippers and for that reason mainly wear them around the house.  The textile lining is not very comfortable with no socks it is rough and scratchy...
B001S5X31E wonderful boot, short wearing.. This boot felt amazing on my feet, but wore out quickly.I work in a meat department and the constantly wet environment at the end of my shift obliterated the synthetic leather in just a few short months. It started peeling, then cracking, and finally made holes all the way through to my sock.The real leather portions wore like a champ and didn't show much, if any, distress when the synth leather went.. all seams held string and eyelets stayed put without bending. The outsole was a hard rubber that showed no wear over the 3 months of walking on rough tile, concrete, and asphalt.Get another boot if yours are in contact with water for several hours a day because these will fail you. If you're not in a moisture rich environment,these are a good choice.
B001S5X31E First pair of timberland boots Well, i normally wear danners or georgia boots, I live in my boots working 10 -12 hours a day on my feet, in and outdoors. I'm pretty happy  with the comfort and fit. water proof so far too. I got these at a good discounted price compared to what i'm used to paying for danners. If they aren't trash in six months ill be happy. a $200 - $250 + pair of danner's will usually last me 6 - 8 months before they are toast. longest wearing boot i've worn so far so we'll see how long these last.
B001SARJXC Very comfy but stretches out, probably won't last These are the most comfortable boots out of the box I have ever  owned. However, they have stretched out a bit. I bought true to size and now wear them with an aftermarket insole for added support and to take up the extra space so they still fit, (I usually do this, so I don't mind). Super comfy soft rubber sole with good traction but the heel has a gap in the middle of the tread that collects mud chucks, later to be tracked into the home, (boo). I fear the sole will not last though, as it looks like it is going wear through part of the tread pretty soon. Had them less than six months and wear them in the park to walk my dog and on the streets of Brooklyn. Waterproofing is also fading, but still good enough for most rain. Looks great, I have the brown which is a nice rich color, and shows a lot of character already. If you like your boots to look new for a long time, definitely stay away from the any of the nubuck type finishes.
B001SARJXC Good everyday boot I wore out my first pair of these, and they literally had to start falling apart before I stopped wearing them. I had been looking for a replacement pair for some time, and had even gone to the stores to look at them, but the second generation of these didn't have the quality or the reviews that would've let me buy them. I'm glad to say that I started seeing positive reviews come back and took a chance on these when I saw them on sale. I'm happy to report that this generation of boot is on par with the originals, and have been holding up since I bought these about 6 months ago. I think that my original pair was burnished, but I got the regular black ones this time.
B001SARJXC Comfortable but wears quickly I was disappointed when the thin rubber sole wore through well before the uppers were showing much wear. They were very comfortable to wear all day at work and for walking, but I won't be getting another pair, they just don't last.
B001UE70IK Good Boots but not as durable as I hoped I am a very short 19 year old who works a construction type job - I'm on my feet all day, lifting things like concrete, shingles, and lumber. I bought these boots because tennis shoes were leaving my feet too vulnerable.I was pleased with the boots for the most part. They provided protection and kept sawdust, gravel, and concrete out. The treads had better grip than tennis shoes, so I slipped less. I wore them all winter, where I had to go out in the cold several times a day, and these kept my feet decently warm. Wouldn't recommend them as winter boots, though. They aren't water proof, so if I was in the snow for too long, my feet got wet. Still better protection from the elements than tennis shoes.I'm a little disappointed with the durability, though. It was only about 4 months until I started getting holes in the leather near the sole. I continued to wear them for another 4 months. They're not completely unwearable, but there are several holes in both boots. I only got to wear them for 8 months before having to replace them - for almost $70, I was hoping for more. I will look for something more durable for my next pair.I would recommend these as hiking boots, but be sure to treat them with water repellant first. Good for medium wear, but not really for heavy use.
B0024MVAI8 Soles shredded after 3 months...Amazon sent me a free pair...lets see what happens in 3-6 more months these boots fell apart at the soles....I drive a flat bed truck....cannot see that much abuse...Amazon did me a solid favor and sent me a second pair for free....if thet fail wonder what Timberland will do about the fact I may need a better boot
B0024MVAI8 Great Boots With A Fatal Flaw Before purchasing, I read through all of the other reviews. Many mentioned that the sole of these boots tends to split near the ball of the foot. Nevertheless, the reviews didn't concern me, as my line of work is less demanding on footwear than the typical user's (mostly walking around on hard cement/gravel surfaces). I was disappointed, but not surprised, when I noticed a small split forming on the sole of the right boot after two and a half months on the job. As it grew, it was soon joined by a near mirror-image split on the left boot.On the next rainy day, I noticed that the splits were deep enough to let water through.Other than that, the boots are constructed very well. I have no doubts as to durability of the materials and stitching used in the upper portion of the boot. The leather breaks in nicely yet remains tough, the stitches are well placed and tight, and the mesh lining goes a long way towards ensuring your feet don't get too hot.Sadly though, the sole design is so poor that it cripples the product entirely.
B0024MVAI8 Soles worn out and leaking I purchased these in late February and the eyelets started popping off with in the first week. They are not even six months old and the soles are leaking and worn out on the sides. I have been wearing Timberland work and casual shoesfor twenty years and this pair is the worst. Paid too much money for them to be worn out within six months.
B0028N7EV0 Steeler's Wheels Just checked my account and I have been wearing these for six months now.  Very comfortable and durable shoe-boot.  I was previously wearing Mudslingers and Hikers, both Timberland Pro, but my last pair of slingers literally fell apart after about five months.  As long as the quality stays where it is, these are a re-order.  Unfortunately sizing is an issue right now, as they only have two available!
B0028QFMCU not very good im disappointed on the quality and workmanship of the product im in construction , please if your an ironworker ( Brother ) stay away from these boots , within the first week i had an achillis tendon tear on left leg , they run large size, i continue to work that day but i blame the boot , i swore i was not going to wear them anymore , but i felt bad because so new, well i continued to work even thru the injury and it has been 2 months now still healing , and the boots are just falling apart from everywhere in the stiching ,sole reminds me a nail went right thru and entered pierce me a little bit, well just to poor, poor , i guess people just dont take any pride in their work... i guess i'll just stick with die hards from sears, only thing is they too dont make them as good as they use to..
B0028QFMCU faovrite work boots at a good price I got a pair of dickies steelworker boots about 6 months before I got these which the sole wore out in really quickly. These boots are really comfortable, and the sole is taking better wear then the dickies boots did. As one of the other reviewers noted there is some  movement room in the arch area, I can't say I noticed till he mentioned it. Again, these boots are awesome to walk around in all day and are evenly worn on the soles. Haven't really been able to truely test the steel toes, but they have held the up bottom of a 46" tube tv, while I was re-adjusting my fingers to lift the beast for a friend. Not sure if timberland will resole them eventually like redwing does, but I believe red-wing charges around $80 just for that so i'd rather just buy a new pair these every year or so.
B0029XG3OS $198 must only buy 6 months worth of boot now-a-days. Bought these boots in Spring 2012 for $198, not much of an arch but did like them at 1st. Comfortable inside, light weight, all around good feel. By Fall 2012 these boots had started to fall apart in multiple areas. The upper ripped away from lower at the heel area on both boots. The pocket that the ripped material created then became a collection area for dirt, dust, etc. Tongues won't stay centered no matter how many times you try to fix it. The small arch they had in the beginning was completely flattened out. Does being waterproof count if there's holes in the bottom of both boots after 6 months? It's now Spring 2013. These boots have completely fallen apart and I should have already replaced them. Guess I was determined to get my $ worth.This was my 1st and last pair of Timberland's. Unfortunately this company seems to be following the same path as Red Wing, Carolina, etc. "Produce low quality crap, get double the $ for it, with as much hype as possible while people still respect our brand name, start new hyped up brand name, rinse and repeat as needed"But looky there, a cute little tag on it explaining all the science and engineering behind the boot. Wow! Just like the last pair-of-crap boots you bought, you pay ridiculous prices hoping to have finally found the pair which last like the boots 10-15 years ago that cost 1/2 the price. Those boots may not have had a couple cool new features but they held up for 2 years and surely weren't crap.Shame on Timberland and every other boot company selling $198 polished turds with an informative tag around it's neck. 6 months? For real? I work hard for my dollar dollar bills YO!Back to Danner Boots I go! Made in the USA at $370 a pair. =/
B0029XG3OS Junk! Lasted only 5 months, purchased the pair in January 2011. The sole is falling apart, also the inside of shoe tore open at heel, they are not made for extensive outdoor work in a petroleum tank farm. I will never buy a pair of Timberland work boots again.
B002ASAJPG Poor Performance. This is my second time purchasing this brand, really liked the first pair that's why I bought these; Had these for 3 months now and they are already falling apart. They are NOT waterproof and if they were when they started tearing at the seams they were for sure not.Also they are nowhere near as comfortable as the first pair that I had.Overall it is a Good looking boot if you DON&#34;T plan on wearing them in the winter or if you don't walk much and if you don't care about water in your boot go for it.
B002ASAJPG Returned To Try Again Returned these boots after the orange strip on the toe of one boot came loose and started peeling off after only a few days. The rubber over the toe appears to also be seperating where it meets the sole. This is only happening to one boot. I returned to try another pair. Overall pleased with the look of the boots but they are quite a bit heavier than I expected.Update: Recived replacement boots and they held up better. Wore these boots almost every day for just less than a year. Overall I was satisfied with these boots. They are a little heavy, but comfortable to wear right out of the box, as I have found to be the case with all Timberland boots I have purchased in the past.Update 11/01/2013: Purchased a second pair of these boots and recieved them on 09/01/13. Did not start wearing them until about 09/15/2013. In less than 1 month the sole started peeling away where it comes up around the toe of the boot (common problem). Today 11/01/13, just 1 1/2 months after starting to wear these boots, I found the padded portion on the top back of the boot pulling away from the leather where it is sewn together. Will not be purchasing any more of these boots. Quality is just not there for the price. I feel my original rating of 3 stars may have been premature..... I probably wouldn't give it more than a 2 now.
B002ASAJPG Boots Falling Apart After One Month The boots fit well and are comfortable and initially I was very pleased with them. However after 5 weeks the sole has started coming away from the boot just behind the toe cap. What's more annoying is that you only have 4 weeks to return them so now I'm stuck with a faulty product. Really disappointed.
B002ASAJPG Premature sole failure is definetly an issue I purchased these boots and loved they way they fit from day one. I am 60 years old and did not find the weight to be an issue at all. I am on my feet 10 hours a day doing heavy industrial mechanics and my feet never feel fatigued in these boots. I started noticing my socks were getting wet about 10 months into wearing them. I looked at the bottom of the soles and there were multilpe holes in the soles and water was entering the boots  through the holes. I have never had soles from work boots wear like this. Its to bad because the boots are very comfortable and the rubber over the steel toe hols up great. If you get a year out of these boots youve done well. The sole design is definetly flawed.
B002ASAJPG Fell apart Sole fell off and back of heel is falling apart at stitching. Really comfy but they sadly don't last long.
B002ASAJPG Have had these for less than 6 Months and they are Destroyed I have had these boots for since late Feb.  They are very comfortable but unfortunately, they have now fallen apart.  The sole has pulled away at multiple locations at the bottom of the boot and the stitching along the back has deteriorated.  I did not wear these boots in the snow this year so it is surprising that they are in such poor condition.  It is a shame because they were comfortable boots.  Just be warned that if you are in any line of construction work and are looking for a work boot, i would suggest you look elsewhere.
B002ASAJPG Heavy Boot and sole coming away from boot Im a High School Wood\Metal teacher who also takes students on camps and rides a motor bike so I needed a waterproof boot that's comfortable when on your feet all day. I had a pair of the Timberland Titan Pro and wore them 5 days a week for 12 months before purchasing these.Out of the box they weigh twice as much and although the lacing system on the top 2 loops can be permanently fed through a hole - I have to say they're nothing compared to the Titan Pro.- The sole is coming away around the high wear area.- The patch on the tongue over the arch of the foot prevents the laces pulling the lower part of the laces tight- You know you've worn them at the end of the day as compared to the Titan Pro.The boys in the class laugh when we're concreting at school and ill kick a timber stake out of the form-work but that's all they're good for except standing on nails. 4 months and I'm thinking of binning them.
B002ASAJPG Excellent boot lacking quality control I purchased a pair of these about 18 months ago. They are heavy as mentioned but they are so comfortable that my athletic shoes feel wrong when I change into them. I work in a lot of grease and oil plus water when using a pressure washer. They don't leak and are not as hot as you would expect a boot of this construction to be. I have read about the souls separating but no hint on mine. My problem is the black soft top part around the ankle is some form of really cheap material that has torn all the way around and now they are junk even though I use a shoe horn to put them on. The tongue on mine has always wanted to go crooked to the inside like it was sewn wrong from day one. I got better life out of a pair of Wolverines costing 1/3 as much but nowhere near the comfort. So, while I am not entirely pleased with the Chinese build quality of what used to be a well built American shoe (My Idititrods lasted me over 15 years) until I find a better work boot I will probably buy another set. I have Timberland cold weather boots and some hiking shoes and am happy with them.
B002ASAJPG Could ask for more. I work on my feet all day, a warehouse environment in the winter and outdoors in the summer. After 5-6 months of constant use, I have to say these things have held up well-ish. I do have slight separation of the sole at 1 side but nothing bad. Boots where I work usually don't last past the year mark before needing to be canned so I'm not sure if these will make it to that point either. The one big thing that took some getting used to is the weight, which only takes about a week to adapt. After a long day in these things, it feels like walking on air when I slip into my athletic shoes. As for the waterproof, stand in as many puddles as you want, yes it is indeed waterproof. Just remember it's only an ankle tall boot though, too much splashing will cause water to soak from the top of your socks all the way down to your toes. How about the steel toe? Well, I work with very heavy poles that I have a habit of resting on this boot without feeling a thing... and I also kick stuff a lot with both the front and back of my boot. Yet my feet still manage to feel pretty good at the end of the day. These are much more comfy than any other boot I've owned or tried on.***Durability Update***9-10 months of use and this boot was absolutely done. Tread on these boots is now mostly gone and now just a flat slick surface so it's impossible to get any traction. Back of the heel inside the boot has rubbed all the way into the plastic, giving me cuts on my back foot. The waterproofing worked for up to probably 6 months before I started noticing my feet constantly being soaked from sole high puddles. I would treat the boot every month to keep the leather conditioned yet the leather just looks like.... let me be honest, I'm embarrassed to wear these to work. The sides of the sole still don't show a terrible amount of separation so that could be listed as a plus?
B002ASAJPG Wouldn't buy again I bought these boots for my husband to wear while working. He has worn them for a few months now and the leather is separating from the sole. You must take into account that my hubby works in a rock quarry which is dirty, labor-intensive work. These boots would probably be fine for everyday wear.
B002ASAKN2 Ripped within 2 months I bought these shoes thinking they would be great for my work. They started off okay, and before 2 months the top part of the back, on both shoes, started ripping.
B002ASAKN2 upset about the quality After 5 months the shoe started ripping and falling apart. i am not happy about this at all i am actually very upset because a shoe should be able to last at least a year.
B002ASAKN2 Quality I recevied these shoes they fit great but i have only had them for 4 months they are already coming apart i purchased them August 2013 i also work inside out of the weather. i am very disapointed due to the expense of the shoes and the quality rating by Timberland then 4 months later Dec 2013 i wanted to return them or just replace the shoes but it was already to late. they cost over 160.00 dollars very expensive shoes for only 4 months of service.
B002ASAKN2 Best boots I've ever bought! I highly recommend these boots. I usually buy cheaper boots (less than $40.00) that usually take a long time to break in and only last 3 to 6 months. This time I wanted to try higher quality boots and I am happy I did. I have had them now for a couple of months and from the first day I put them on they felt as though they were already broken in. I sometimes have to work in holes with water and they are 100% waterproof in several inches of water. I think what I like most about them is how easy they are to put on and take off. After wrestling with cheaper boots for decades to put them on and take off I am amazed at how they slip on and off. The pull on straps are really not needed. The only minor negative things I have to say about them are that they seem to feel a little heavier than other boots I've had and the soles are somewhat smooth. I even fell on a dirt and rock slope and I wonder if I would'nt have fallen with a little more aggresive sole.
B002ASAKN2 THESE are Good Boots I already had a pair of these that I was happy with and I ordered these on-line from Amazon in the known size so fit wasn't an issue. They arrived quickly and were instantly put to work.These are the longest lasting safety boot I have ever owned. I got 15 months out of my last pair and see no reason I won't get the same out of these. I was unable to get a full year out of any other boot.
B002ASAKN2 Love this work boot My husband ordered these boots for work.  Went to the store and tried on several pairs of Timberland boots but found these to be the most comfortable. They are a little on the heavy side but he said that was ok because of the comfort level. Working in a shop he is on his feet all day and needs a comfortable boot that will also withstand the elements.  So far this boot is living up to my husbands expectations.  He did apply his own Dr. Scholl Orthotic to the inside to make it even more comfortable.  He has only had them a couple months so I guess we'll see how long they last and write another review at that time. Hope they last at least year.
B002ASAKN2 Great boot so far. Very pleased with these boots so far. It took about 3 days to break in the right one. Left one felt great from day one. They do run a little narrow. I work in a soda factory as a maintenance man. I've had Redwings, Carolina's, and my last pair were Doc Martin Utility boots that couldn't take all the squatting. The boot started splitting away from the sole after three months. These seem like a much better quality built boot. I would recommend them to anyone. They are waterproof as claimed. No complaints so far.
B002ASAKN2 Excellent Work Boot! I have purchased numerous pairs of Timberland Work boots over the past 7 years and even though I loved them they would be showing the Metal toe through the leather within 6-8 months and these are a couple months old and show no sign of wear on the toe.  Very impressed. Well thought out design!
B002ASAKN2 good shoe Great shoe just had a problem with the first pair sole coming apart at the side two months in. They didn't leak but to be safe I had amazon overnight another pair and sent these back free of charge. Just printed out the lable and taped iton the old packaging.
B002ASAKN2 Comfortable but doesn't seem to hold up They may be the most comfortable steel toes I've ever owned, but they also seem to be falling apart rather quickly.  About 2 months in they started to tear the outer layer of fabric.  It's now been 4 months and the rubber coating around the steel toe seems to be creasing and will probably tear there soon.  Other then the various outer layer holes they haven't been too bad.  They are somewhat water resistant still but the tears don't help.
B002ASAKN2 Awesome Boot Tried them on at sears and bought them on amazon. Super confortable. After 8 months soles started separatibg from boot where the boot bends the most at the front. Repaired with shoe goo.  Boot started tearing where foam above heel meets the leather but it was because I wouldnt loosen them all the way when removing them. Keep in mind that I beat the crap out of these boots. My nike shoes would last three months. I have since purchased 2 additional pairs on different websites since amazon raised the price from 123$ to 159$ and am saving them for when this 1st pair is no longer useable. I believe I can get another 6 months out of them. These are the only boots I would ever trust to keep my feet safe.
B002ASAKN2 greg rose from rose sewer & plumbing a little bit tighter than my timberland pro pit boss boots,but always nice to have new cushiony boots. just started wearing them as i like to break them in slowley, and then i'll wear them everyday. one thing about timberlands is that the soles crack in half by the mid sole too quickly
B002ASAKN2 My third pair! I just ordered my third pair of Timberland Pro Endurance!!! They are best boots for the money as far as I'm concered. They have been a wise investment compared to other, boots I've owned. The "Endurance Workboots" tend to last me about a year with the kind of work I do! (I've noticed my co-workers replacing thier cheap boots every few months because they get huge holes in the front from being on thier knees, gringing and chipping concrete and have to laugh every time!!!)When they first came out I noticed the insole, which has an orange honey comb pattern. After about a week, this unique sponge insole had totally formed to my feet. I also wear them with an arch support insole. I have other shoes of course, but these boots are so comfortable, I can't imagine spending my money on anything else. When it came time to replace them, I noticed they now come in black and are now waterproof. "THANK YOU TIMBERLAND!!!" These NEW boots are just in time for winter!!! I add a little scotch gaurd before I go out at night to make them shine and I get compliments all the time from the very picky ladies at the bar.
B002ASAKN2 not as durable as i expected I will only buy timberland pro boots!!! I am pretty rough on my boots, with that said I can usually get a year plus wear out of them. But for some strange reason its been about six months, and the are already starting to fall apart????
B002ASAKN2 Disappointed as stitching around the top collar area ripped out first pair of these boots were awesome.  I had them over a year wearing them at work, on concrete, for 10-12 hours a day on average.  The boots were a little heavier than most, but were great as far as comfort is concerned.Well, I purchased the same boot to replace the initial pair and received similar boots - the collar section had gone from a mesh type collar that held up well in the first part to a plastic/vinyl type collar that ripped out 2 months after receiving them.  Of course the warranty will not cover.Its a shame. Timberland had a good product and had what would have been a loyal customer.
B002ASAMCG So far, so good I have only worn them for a week or two but I  impressed.  They feel comfortable and solid. I would say they are definitely worth the $100 or so I paid for them. Even if they only last 6 months I will get another pair.
B002CVUSY8 Didn't last a year I loved these boots. I loved the look, the feel, everything. I love them still and continue to wear them despite their condition.But I'd never advise anyone to buy a pair because they're built like crap.The leather &#34;finger hoop&#34; snapped within the first two weeks of owning the boots. I liked them too much to really care and just let it go.Now, nine months later, I have a 5-inch gash in both the inner and outer soles of the boot. Barely three seasons of city use and there's a hole clear through my boot. The rubber sole has worn down alarmingly, as well. This is not a boot built to last. The only reason it gets a second star is because I really do like the style. But unless you plan on throwing it out in a few months, steer clear.
B002NEGCC6 Upper leather good, but sole comes apart I've used these to do some light trail walking and for yard work. They are super comfortable, and this shoe is one of the first shoes I've owned where the elastic stretchy band (near the ankle point) doesn't stretch out and become useless.  It's still resilient and functional.The only negative issue with this shoe is that the sole has started coming apart after about a year of normal use (once or twice a week). It seems that there are multiple stages in how the sole is glued onto the shoe, and where there is a color change in the sole material, I've found that is where the material broke away from itself and separated.This is not a problem if you have a strong glue and are feeling a bit resourceful in fixing it yourself, but I was expecting a little more quality from a company like Timberland.
B002NEGCC6 Already falling appart. I bought these shoes because I have had them in the past.  These shoes have always been comfortable and felt well made.  However, the most recent pair I have purchased at the end of January have already started to fall apart, the glue holding the sole to the toe is coming undone as are the soles themselves.  I'm very disappointed in the poor quality and would not recommend them to anyone.
B002NEGCC6 Good enough to make me rebuy them This is my second pair of these shoes, they last a decent amount of time (although a section of the rubber sole fell off after 1 day, glued it back on).  They are very comfortable and look nice.
B002NEGHJY The heel is peeling off After just a few months of (admittedly multi-mile-per-day) abuse, I'm still fairly happy with these shoes.  They replaced a returned pair by another maker that immediately shredded the skin off the back of my heel... these barely needed any breaking it at all by comparison.  That said, I don't know how much longer they will last, what with the stylized narrow part of the rubber (?) soles on both shoes separating from the shoe.  There might be custom repair/reattachement solutions that would restore this shoe to worthiness, but be forewarned regardless.
B002XKJXD0 My 7 yo loves these and so do I We definitely got a real pair of timberlands and they have held up extremely well.  My 7 yo, who is very tough on shoes, wears these almost everyday.  We've had them for about 6 months and I couldn't be happier with the way they have held up.  Highly recommend them!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Nice boots, light weight, fit very nicely, now let's see if this one don't loose the sole like the mountain gear I previously bought like 4 months ago.
B002YOMJPY Timberland White Ledge Mid Waterproof Great boot for facility maintenance position which requires a lot of walking on primarily concrete.Seem to be holding up well over the first month. Very Comfortable.  Hoping they last more the normal 6 months of lesser brands, before needing replacement.  After about 6 months, will know better if I will purchase them again.  Looking positive.Dave
B002YOMJPY Defective The boots have begun to leak at the toe after having them for less than 2 months. I have owned Timberlands for 20 plus years and have never known them to be defective. This is the last time I order from this seller and possibly the last time I order boots on line.
B002YOMJPY Falls apart fast By day three no longer water proof. By day ten the soles had started to come unglued. Will not buy again!!
B002YOMJPY A comfortable boot that won't last If you are reading this, you have too much time on your hands or a ruthlessly detailed researcher. There are now hundreds of reviews praising the boots. My original guarded review gave it three stars. I bought them Nov.5th. It's now March 18th and the soles are worn out. 4 months. I've had sneakers last longer than that.They are comfortable. If you don't wear them everyday or only for short periods of time, they are a great pair of boots. They are not waterproof. Water resistant, maybe, for a short period of time. I (did)wear them everyday for 8 hours on hard pavement and bricks. I expected them to last 6 months or more. I was trying to save money. I didn't want to spend $125 - $175 for good quality. I was wrong. If you are going to buy them for the occasional snow storm or icy walk, they will be great & comfortable. They will probably be good for hiking as well.
B002YOMJPY not satisfied Not satisfied only had the boots for two months. I thought a good name brand boot would last me a little bit longer but it seems to be coming apart at the soul of the boot. I don't do any construction type of work but I do walk a lot in water and muddy parts. Will be the last time I purchase Timberland boots
B002YOMJPY Best Boots I Tried Lightweight, comfortable with the sole patterrn I prefer.  I wear out the heels so this beveled heel will last much longer than a flat heel.
B002YOMJPY Waterproof for about 2 months I purchased these for my husband who works at a car wash. They were amazing at first but after 2 months they stopped being waterproof.  I'm extremely upset especially after paying so much.  I wouldn't recommend.
B002YOMJPY BUYER BEWARE! DONT BUY The shoe is coming apart after only 1 week of use. The front glue is coming apart and i had to buy crazy glue. Its ridiculous how cheaply they made these shoes. Definitely not worth the money. I expected more from timberland but maybe these are knockoffs. Not to mention a screw pierced my boot..not a nail but a screw. Thats ridiculous these boots are so cheap.
B0034G558E Poor quality - coming apart after 90 days I received these boots on August 17, and just before thanksgiving I noticed that the stitching was coming undone at the outer corner of the right boot, next to where the bottom few eye holes are sewn onto the rest of the boot.Also: when I received the boots I noticed they were a little asymmetrical - the bottom part of the lacing is wider on one boot than the other, not because the laces are pulled tighter on one boot, but because the placement of the eye holes - the spot where they're sewn on - is about a half-inch different between the two boots. It's a small but noticeable cosmetic defect, and now I wonder whether it contributed to the stitches failing.It's disappointing because the boots are cute and pretty comfortable (though I would have preferred more rubber in the heel and less wood; you definitely hear a loud 'tap' with each heel strike). I bought the boots on sale, but $150 is still too much for a boot tat falls apart in three months. I won't buy Timberlands again.
B0034G5I5Y perfect i bought these two months ago and wear them everyday for diverse activities and they still look brand new! very confortable. would buy them again =)
B0034G5IJA Zipper broke after 1 year If you're looking for something that lasts, it's not this. I wore the boots for about two months (winter last year). I just took them down from the attic today, and when I zipped them up the zipper started to come unstitched from the side. When I took them off, the zipper broke completely. I thought for the price and brand that they'd last, but apparently not.
B0034G5KAC a bit disappointing While these boots are comfortable, and go with just about everything they aren't holding up the way I had anticipated. I thought that they would be extremely durable, considering they are Timberland's but I have had them for less than 3 months, and there is already a in explainable hole in the shaft of the boot ( it is in a random spot, and I have NO idea how a hole could have developed) and the sole of the heel is already coming off. The worst part, is I can't send them back for an exchange... I can only return them and hope my money is reimbursed. I have decided to keep the boots, and repair them myself. I get TONS of compliments, and they are very comfortable but the quality is not even close to good.
B0034G5KAC Timberland Women's Boot I had been searching for these boots for sometime and finally found them about 2 months ago. I am very happy with this item and they fit nice.
B0034XS2G4 Won't last OK so at first I LOVED these shoes but after about four months they started to squeak and now the rubber outsole has come loose from the inner sole creating an air pocket that squeaks and is very annoying. i was looking at the Titan pro oxfords but now i don't think I will get Timberlands ever again.
B0034XS2WS Fall apart in a month, don't waste your money. I've had these shoes for just over a month and they are coming apart at the seems.  Avoid.  Don't waste your money.
B0034XS4OY Shoepocolypse These shoes were ok in the beginning, then I went through a period of unemployment when I wasn't wearing them. After I landed a new job, I put them on for my first day of work. I was on my way to work when I realized something was amiss with my heels -- they were both falling apart, the rubber opening up, tearing out, and spilling out some weird soot. Soon they completely disintegrated. Later in the day, the soles detached and fell apart. On the whole, a disastrous wardrobe malfunction for one's first day on a new job. When I took them to the shoe repair guy to have them resoled, he said, "In 100 years, this shouldn't happen. Timberland used to be good, now it's all made in China."So, thanks, Timberland, for making one of the most stressful days of my life a lot worse. I've sworn off your brand for life, and will be badmouthing it every chance I get ;)
B0034XS4OY Beautiful oxford, sole didn't last long enough. I bought a pair of these shoes and they lasted about five months of graveyard janitorial shifts. I expect a little more than that out of Timberland, but they were comfortable and attractive. The shoelaces that came with the original pair were not so great and didn't hold up very long. I am still searching for the right oxford, one that will last but wont be heavy and make my feet sore after 9 hours on up.
B0034XS4OY I Wore These ONE Day and They Fell Apart...SERIOUSLY!!??? I got these shoes for Christmas.  I really liked them at first as they were only worn a couple times and not even broken in yet.  I wore them to work and the FIRST day wearing them I noticed the heel didnt feel right.  I looked down to find that the heels ON BOTH SHOES were disintegrating like chalk dust.  Are you serious?  They actually were pulling away from the base of the shoe.  I took them to a shoe repair man and he said they could not be repaired because Timberland started using a different process to make the sole of the shoe (a much cheaper process) and that these shoes were basically worthless.I will NEVER get another pair of Timberland's in my life.  This company should go out of business.
B0035LD2X8 Boots don't last long I have had these boots for about 6 months and I am already getting wet feet. The soles inside the boots under the balls of my feet are cracking and this is where water is getting in. Not real happy as my previous pairs of Timberland Chelsea boots lasted almost 2 years. I decided to mix it up a bit and bought these for a change as I liked the look of them online. This has turned out to be a mistake.The other frustrating thing about these boots is that after a couple of months one of them took on the appearance of being made from suede while the other kept the new leather look? Strange!
B0038JEQE6 great This is my second pair, I am kinda hard on shoes. Mainly wear to play disc golf and the left toe gives in after about 9-12 months in.I will continue to buy this shoe
B0039ZD3MK Not as durable as the leather version I've had mine since December.  The first thing I did was replace the stock insole with a pair of sole ultra footbeds molded to my feet.  The sole is comfortable and shock absorbing which is why I bought another pair.  These seem to insulate my feet better from the cold than the regular leather ones do.  What I have noticed however is the stitching on one of my boots from the eyelets to the sole has begun to unravel.  With only 3 months use this shouldn't be happening.  I won't buy these again and will go with the regular leather boots next time.  I might end up having to replace them much sooner than I'd originally planned on.
B003A4V78C Insole is not holding up! I am a manager in the Hospitality Industry.The shoe looks very nice, comfortable foot cushioning (12 hr. day), but the tongue of shoe is too stiff which is causing some soreness on the top of my foot.  The slip resistenence is working and the laces seem to be holding up.  I will try to remember to update this rating in about 1 month.Edit, month 3.5My feet have never stunk so bad after wearing these shoes.  I leave them at work and when I come in the next day, the insoles curl up on the sides.  They will flatten out after wearing them for about an hour.  I used to wear shoes for crews and never (8 years) had this problem.  Shoes for crews just fall apart after 6 months.  I called timberland and was told I could mail the shoes back and they could determine if there was a defect in manufacturing.  I don't think I should have to pay to ship, so I bought som Skechers, which were cheaper and I will see how these hold up!  My opinion is to not buy these ever again!
B003A4V78C Rocky start, nice creamy center, rough too quickly When I got these, they squished loudly with every step for a couple of weeks. It was very annoying and embarrassing. Eventually, the squish went away and they were great shoes, comfortable, good looking, I couldn't be happier. A few months after that, the insoles are soaking up sweat and forming odd stalagmites that break off as the material is destroyed. I can't imagine how that quality wasn't foreseen. Also, the toes are fading and wearing away from water damage.I guess these shoes would probably be a little better if I didn't have sweaty feet (though I'm not really sure that's what made the insoles wear away), or if my job never caused them to get wet or made me push something with the toes, they'd probably be great shoes, but as is, they cost way too much for a shoe that lasted me about six months before needing to be replaced.
B003A69RS2 Great Shoe, Great Price I was in a bind and needed some office shoes really quickly since my old pair fell apart (literally). So I hopped onto Amazon and found these bad boys. They fit true to size. I have a big foot - size 14 wide- and I was nervous that these wouldn't fit my feet, especially since they are so big and I have had trouble with the shoes pinching the top of my feet. Not with this Timberland product. It is comfortable. Even so comfortable to where I had daily neighborhood walks with my wife with no issues while I awaited the arrival of my new sneakers. Very satisfied. Will give an update later on in the year to see if they hold up. But so far, after a few months, these things are great.
B003A69RS2 Great for bartenders Full time bartender. Had them almost 9 months and they show little wear. Tried many other shoes before but none have lasted this long. Incredibly comfortable.  Slip resistant coating is fantastic.  Absolutely worth the money. Would recommend to anyone in the food service industry. Front or back of house.
B003A6J1NS outstanding seller I wear these boots in the oil field and they are great. my other pair has lasted 9 months and wanted these so I can alternate each day. Seller got by boots to me fast and are exactly what I ordered
B003A6J1NS Must have gotten a bum pair of Timberland PRO Usually my purchase of Timberland PRO boots are pretty satisfactory, but these are my first I've purchased online. I mostly buy my work boots @ Sears. They typically, for the work I do, and the abuse I put them through; last about a year. These pair have only lasted 4 months. The soles blew out, of them, and  have now soured the inside of my boots. They seem to have worn out faster than expected.
B003AZZLCO Lack Durability I purchased these shoes to wear during the winter, under the assumption that timberland boots were long lasting and durable. I am a college student and the only use they get is walking to class, some days dry some days snowy. The boots look great and I wear them daily. However, I have had the boots for less than two months and the sole is falling off. I even applied additional waterproofing. The seem/crease where the upper is connected to the sole is falling apart and breaking all around the boots. It also gets water damage quite easily. Although they look and feel great, I am wholly disappointed in the lack of durability. I feel these are too expensive to be buying every 2 months.
B003AZZMRS 14 months and... one of my favorite pair of boots ever.  They have held up well.  I have weak ankles, broke both at different times, and need dress boots for work with good support.  Only problem has been that the laces are starting to come apart.  So I started thinking about how long I've had these.  Well I am going to order a pair now for when these are worn out.
B003ELOZSU Exactly what I needed I spent several months looking through stores for a decent pair of waterproof snowboots with good traction and not covered in tassles and fake fur and easily damaged suede.  A pair of boots I wouldn't have to replace every year because the uppers were falling apart and the tread had worn away.  And, ideally, a pair I was not going to spend two hundred dollars on.  The stores failed me.Turning to the internet, I vacillated between several shoes before settling on these, primarily based on the reviews.  They are everything I hoped.  I liked that they are lace-up, because I have skinny ankles that tend to wobble around in boots that can't be adjusted.  Listening to other reviewers, I bought a half size up and they fit perfectly, with no need to break in.  The shape is sufficiently roomy enough for thick socks, but they're warm enough that I don't need them.  The contoured footbed is supportive without wanting inserts, and the lining is thick and comfortable. This one may just be me, but I'm delighted that though they don't have zippers I've been able to slide them on and off, which is fantastic.Since getting them I have tromped on slush, snow, and ice without slipping, and the coloration (I got wheat/oatmeal) will make any salt stains less glaring.  I expect to have these boots for a very long time.
B003ELOZSU Back seam is coming apart I bought these boots a few months ago, have worn them often.Very comfortable, but the seam in the back is coming apart-quite obvious on the left foot, white fluff showing through. The right boot is also coming apart but not as obvious as the left. Not enought wear, two months, for this to be happening!QUITE FRUSTRATED!(photo posted of seam coming apart)
B003EV5QDS Cumfy but quality lacks Ordered these from Amazon about three weeks ago, and while they are quite comfortable, the quality of the leather and overall workmanship of the boot is not very good. Certainly not on par with what I'd expect if I'd pay $169, or whatever the retail price is. I don't feel confident that they'll last another couple of months of regular use. Just not very durable. For the same money, maybe Rockport, or something else. No protection from the elements, and mainly good for sitting in the closet for a once a month wearing.
B003EV5QDS Nice look/Comfortable, but they didn't last I bought these boots several months ago. Per the advice from other reviews, I ordered a size smaller than usual and they fit perfectly. I wear them fairly often, and they were very quick to break in (they're pretty comfortable). Aside from the laces being worthless, a few months after wearing them the sole on one of them started to separate from the boot. That was an easy fix. I have also nearly worn through the soles of them and the leather is in pretty shabby condition. If you're looking for something stylish and comfortable, these are great. However, if you're looking for something durable, I would not recommend these.
B003NUQWY2 Longing for the days when work boots were a long term purchase Way back in the late 70s I bought a pair of leather work boots with Vibram soles. I wore them for years, even hiked mountains in them. Probably put a few thousand miles on them and tens of thousands of hours. The soles and heals are still great, parts like new. The uppers finally wore out. So I bought these "Pro" boots. They are OK. The interior is flimsy nylon/polyester and won't last long. The soles are urethane of some sort and after a few days are already worn. They'll last a year tops if used regularly on aspahalt or concrete, maybe longer if on a shop floor. Oh well. The days of products that last forever are long gone.
B003NUQYC2 GOOD BOOT SO FAR I was looking for a boot that I could wear casually during the week and for around the house on weekends.  My first choice would have been Danner but they are too expensive.  I have a hard time finding shoes and usually can only wear 4E from new balance but these give me comfort all day.  They appear to be very well made but I am still breaking them in.  What I can add is I have received a few positive comments from folks who work in boots for a living who have seemed impressed with the look, quality and price of these boots.  I only gave 4 stars because I can't speak to the durability after only two months of casual wearing.
B003NUR4M6 Good but sole needs more quality Had these boots very comfortable from the first moment i put on but after 6mos or so of daily use for some reason the sole on my right foot started falling to pieces and developed a hole, i ended up getting them resoled and seems to be working fine still comfortable but thinking it would have been better just to put the money towards another pair.
B003NUR4P8 Sole coming unglued Boot was good for a month then the front part of the sole started coming undone and the side. Also my feet were sweating too much in these. They were comfortable though and had a nice hiker profile look. Had to return for defective.
B003NUR4P8 Timberland quality is declining I use to love these boots and have bought a pair at least once a year for work. They were comfortable and lightweight, but their quality has gotten poor. The last couple of years I noticed that the tread would start to come apart after about 4 or 5 months. I dealt with this because I loved the boot so much. However, this latest pair has a far worse problem, and it took only 2 months for it to happen. Where the leather outside of the boot meets the rubber sole, the leather has become separated from the sole. So now there is about a 2 to 3 inch hole in the side of my boot. I can see the inner lining plain as day. How am I to wear this boot in an automotive shop? I need another pair of boots, but Amazon says I am past their return policy. I think this weekend I will be shopping at a local store for new boots. I have lost faith in Timberland, and am fast losing faith in Amazon.
B003NUR5S4 Poor walking boots I bought a pair of these about 6 months ago, they were oversized by at least a half size, so thick socks required.  Recently the inside lining on the heel gave way during a particularly long day of walking the job site and did enough damage to my foot that I could not get out on the job site for a couple of days.Very irritated as I have never had any problems with Timberland boots before.  Sticking with lace ups in the future.
B003NUR6CE Great boot I work in a Steel Mill and around extreme heat for 8-12hrs a day. My first set of boots made it a year before the seems started to split (minor stitching problem - Timberland replaced that pair at no cost). These boots are really comfortable from day 1 and the sole of the boots seem as if they will wear forever. The original set of boot laces lasted 10 1/2 months so I replaced them with leather laces and they lasted 1 month (wish I could find the original set for sale somewhere). To make a long story short - If you are looking for a boot to keep your feet protected, be comfortable from day 1, run true to size, withstand abuse from your job and be reasonably priced then you have found your boot.
B003TYIH6S Timberland's website doesn't sell these. These are fake and simply fall apart. Mine fell apart in a few months. Linings wore through, soles separated, eyelets popped out, laces broken.. I suspect these "brownS" ones are fakes, since they are not sold on the real Timberland's website.I bought the REAL black 6" Timberland boots ones from a different seller, and they are holding tough with absolutely no sign of wear or damage after 6 months, just as I expect from real Timberland.
B003VJT6PW Very Disappointing When I received the shoes I was very happy. The wide size fit well and they looked great. No problems until about a month or two later when they started falling apart. The upper part of the shoe is attached to the sole with a single stitch and not a very durable one either... As it abrades from normal use or as it simply falls apart the shoe separates from the sole and your toes become exposed.They didn't use any glue or any other method to hold the sole to the shoe and the stitch just goes into a very thin area of rubber. It's a shame because the materials appear to be good quality, just the construction is very poor. I'm inclined to send them back and seek a refund. Shoes in this price range should not fall apart after a month or two. Not worth it.
B003VMUFCC Don't spend the money! I bought these for my fiance for his work.  He is a meter reader and walks outside somedays all day.  I know that this is a good amount of wear on a boot but not in 2 months should the soles start to fall off.  We had to contact Timberland and now they make you ship the boot into them and you may recieve a new pair in about 3 weeks depending on what they think of it.  So now He will not have any boots to wear for his job for 3 weeks.  Boots from Walmart would last atleast 3 months, come on! Customer Service is just as bad as the boot, Don't do Timberlands at all!
B003VN1AXE Disappointing I have owned three pairs of Timberland hiking boots over the last 20+ years, all size 10.5 D(M)US.  All of them were a perfect fit out of the box, and needed virtually no break-in period.  They were durable and comfortable.  The soles on my last pair (gore-tex lined, purchased in Dec2003) have now worn through, and the uppers are now torn and / or frayed in multiple places.  They have had a good life.I ordered my fourth pair of Timberland hiking boots last week, which arrived quickly and well packaged at my front door.  The speed of Amazon's free delivery (purchases of $25+) was quite pleasing. However, when I opened the parcel and took out these Timberland Mens 3114 Edge Trail Gore-Tex Mid Hiking Boot (size 10.5D(M)US, made in China), I was immediately disappointed by the obvious cheap look and feel of these boots.  While my Dec2003 Timberlands (were also made in China) were sturdy and well built, breathed well, etc., these felt like they would not last more than six months to a year at most.  They seemed to be built more like a sneaker than a hiking boot.Trying them on was another disappointment, as these particular boots (anyway) apparantly run very small.  They were very tight on my feet, while wearing only cotton crew socks, not thick wool socks, before I even laced them up.  I quess I would need to order an 11 US or more likely an 11.5 US in this particular model.I have sent these disappointing boots back to Amazon for a refund.
B003YBY512 Sole is very thin, fell apart after 3 months I love the look of these boots, they are very stylish and I've received several compliments about them. However, the sole is very thin, and despite putting in an extra cushion/insert, I can feel every pebble and rock I step on. I use them at work, where we have a gravel parking lot, and they are uncomfortable when walking on anything other than a flat surface.Now, three months after I bought them, the soles on both shoes are falling apart. Timberland evidently sews a strong thread into the soles to hold them together, but on both boots, the thread is unraveling and the soles are separating. I now have to pay $70 to get them resoled, with thick, durable Vibram soles.I find it unacceptable and shoddy workmanship, especially for what I paid. The price here is $150, but I paid over $200 for mine. "Made in China" says it all. I miss the days when you bought your shoes in a shoe store on Main Street, and if you had a problem you could simply return them to the store. Now, it is a hassle.--------------------------------------------------------Update: After talking with Timberland Customer Service/Public Relations, they sent me a new pair of the same style boots. I do love the style, but this time I'm having new Vibram soles put on before I even wear them.
B003YBY512 Horrific durability / Great looks Started wearing these boots in October 2011, and they're falling apart less than 6 months later. I've walked a hole through the sole on both feet, and the sole is tearing away from the toe. The stitching on the sole is obviously for show.I wear these boots on nice days, not in the water or snow, so have worn them 2-3 times per week since buying them.The only redeeming quality of the boots is how many compliments I get on them. They look fantastic. But 6 months of 2-3 day a week use is just not acceptable for the price.Pretty disappointed.
B00408A37I The best buy! I bought this sandal for my grand-daughter 6 months ago, and she has been wearing it, daily, as her favourite knock-about shoe ever since. They are cute, very comfortable, give good ankle support and the soles have good tread and are flexible, and have helped her become a great walker. The shoe was a bit too long and wide for her, in the beginning, but because of the adjustable straps she was able to wear them from day one, and we have re-adjusted the straps as her feet have grown. The sandals are amazingly resilient - their owner is a fast, furious, adventurous walker, and I'm sure, when she outgrows them, they will still be almost as good as new. The inner soles have been the only parts that have begun to crack slightly, and as is the case with man-made material inner soles, they tend to become smelly, as her feet sweat from the heat and exertion. However, they are easily cleaned - we scrub them regularly and put them out in the sun to dry (we live in the Caribbean).  I've been so satisfied with my purchase, that I plan to buy a size up, in a different colour, soon! Hats off to Timberland and Amazon, for such a good offer!
B0049N3S58 Great work boot. We have always had great experiences with Timberland Pro work boots and this style is no different. Great quality, comfortable even for 12 hour days, and rugged. You can get a few years of life out of them, even after they look beat up. No one wants to spend money every few months for work boots that fall apart after a few months. These can take a beating and still stay comfortable and not fall apart. No cracking soles, no tearing leather. They fit great even for wider feet, which is one of the reasons we keep coming back to this brand.
B004C5QYLI These are the ones Living in New York City, I do more walking per day than the average American. I need good shoes and go through a lot of them each year. My girlfriend gifted these boots to me and I was skeptical. I had only owned one pair of Timberland's before this (the god aweful Earthkeepers) and had experienced what cheap is all about. Those boots fell apart fast. But I'm happy to report that not only are these shoes still in amazing shape 4 months and counting, they're by far the most comfortable boots I've ever owned! I feel like I'm walking on a cloud. And because I used custom carbon-fiber orthotics, take it from me that these are good boots.
B004FHCKDE They'll be even better once you break them in! I've been getting this boot since they started making them -- and they last a long time.  At first, they are a little uncomfortable around the ankle, but give them a couple weeks to break in properly and they'll be very comfortable.
B004J2HSLY Very Tight Fit around the Ankle The shoes fit OK, but the opening around the ankle is too small, I had to cut the elastic you can see where the tongue is to be able to slip the shoe on.  Once I did that, I have worn them to work every day.  Now that I have had them 4 months, the material & foam at the heal is separating, this maybe due to the tight fit and pressure applied when trying to slip them on.  Too be fair, they have had a hard 4 months and might go 1 more.  The leather and soles have held up well.
B004J2HT6I Not quality for the price This boot is comfortable, but the soles don't last more than a year.  Too expensive for boots that don't last.
B004J2PCHG did not last for the price i paid I dont think they were worth it, for the reason that I have had my pair for maybe over a month and the bottom soul of the shoe is coming apart. and water is starting to get inside the boot
B004J8UJYQ Lightweight, and well constructed (mostly) Overall a good shoe. The one thing I don't like is the largely rubber or rubber-like inner lining. The shoes squeak something terrible for the first couple months of continuous wear, and will continue to do so to a lesser degree for many months afterwards. That lining doesn't deal with rubbing against itself very well. If you're looking for a *quiet* shoe, look elsewhere.
B004J8UQ9Y light but does not durable... these boots are very comfortable to walk both in town and in the mountains, lighter than other boots, but have a small problem, the seam breaks easily, not really spent three months to break it, light but  does not durable...
B004K21KS0 My favorite Boots I love these boots. I hate laces and these slid on and off very easy. Super Comfortable. Have had mine for 6 or 7 months and I think they are even better now that they are worn in. Would definitely buy another pair but, I see them lasting for a very long time.
B004K66PAE Great boot but. . . I purchased these boots in December and I loved them! I've worn them maybe 2 times a week for the last couple of months (super comfy). My issue is I don't feel I've been rough with these boots and the heel covering has chipped. For such a great quality boot the heel quality is lacking. Other than that I would give these boots 5 stars.
B004LKVGNU Not Durable Enough to Last Two Years Time Frame:The metallic x button on the right boot fell off within a COUPLE MONTHS from the purchase date. The button is located on the top back portion of the shaft.Within 6 MONTHS the boots faded from black to a grey.The zipper on the right boot lost teeth around the ankle area within a YEAR.Around 1 YEAR and a HALF into wear, the sole of the boots degraded.Water is now able to penetrate into the boots.Type of use:Commuting from home to public transit, Traveling in between buildings on university campus, Heading to and leaving work.Expectations from purchase:Having invested around one hundred and sixty dollars,I had expected this boot to last me more than two years. This did not happen. I am disappointed and have moist feet from the first rains that come after a Northwest summer.Because the company claims to have been providing its boots to workers, since its inception (even under its different names), I did not expect that my boots would degenerate within two years by commuting.I bought a pair of boots (not rubber, but water proof, with intact soles that lasted beyond the time the boots remained H2O proof ) from another brand that lasted me about 2 years, and I spent 1/3 the price of these boots. With this experience these boots are not worth the cost the company expects customers to pay.This is not a worthy investment. Does anyone know of boots worth investing in that are waterproof, attractive and are durable?
B004OJK5GM These shoes don't last I purchased these shoes for my husband and although he thought they were "fine" in the beginning they have been disappointing as time went on.  He has been wearing them for about two months now and the there is absolutely no tread left at all.  They are actually starting to get a hole in the bottom of the shoe from wear.  Normally he will get at least 6 months out of a pair of hiking shoes but these are shot after only a few months.  He actually asked if the sole was made out of bubble gum because they wore out so quickly.  I will add that the shoe is comfortable enough and although nothing special is fine for comfort but they wear out VERY quickly.
B004PNE720 Disappointed Bought these boots 9 months ago.  Stitching on one boot has come lose leaving a fingersize gap on one side.  Thought I was getting a quality product when I bought them.  I now must pay for repairs or pay for new boots.  Will not buy again.
B004PNE720 Very Comfortable -- 4.5 stars I work at a lumber plant, and I was tired of buying work boots from Walmart and having them fall apart after 3 or 4 months. I do a lot of walking every day on concrete and steel graded floors, and cheap work boots are comfortable and nice for a little while, but none lasted me a long time. I'm not a big guy either, almost 6 feet and 160 pounds, so I'm not packing much weight.I tried on a pair of these at a local store, except they were the 8 inch rather than the 6, and I loved them. I knew they would be cheaper online though, and amazon always rocks.So I decided to give these a shot. I live in very cold temperatures during the fall/winter time, and I wanted to avoid getting steel toe because they are heavy, and freeze the feet. The safety toe is wonderful, and it is extremely light. Also love the fact that they are waterproof.I normally wear size 12, but I tried on an 11.5 in the store, so I decided to go with it. At first my feet were somewhat cramped, and there were a couple areas that rubbed in my left foot for some reason, but not the right... But after about 3 weeks, they completely went away, and the left boot is as comfortable as the right. Something I did that helped was after having the shoelaces looped through the hook for the first couple of weeks, I put it through the hole, and that subsided most of the rubbing, which was on the inside of my left ankle.Now all there's left to do is see how long they last. I'm hoping over a year. My feet have remained nice and warm so far, but we haven't hit super cold temps yet.So I've had these for about a month and they are great. Very light and warm, feet stay dry. 4.5 out of 5 for the mild discomfort at first... And depending on how long they last.Recommended!UPDATE, 3/5/2014Well, I started wearing these in September 2012 and they reached their end. The soles wore down very much and I didn't have much grip left. Both boots ended up wearing down a lot on the interior portions on the balls of my feet, there were holes starting... I guess I favor the insides of my feet. I ended up shoe-gooing a couple ares on each boot, where the sole met the leather, they weren't huge tears or anything but there was some minor separation going on.. It wasn't super necessary.I also ended up using Sno Seal on them because they weren't 100% waterproof.The laces stayed almost 100% intact though! Only thing wrong with them were the ends, they started to fray a bit.Overall, they did their job nicely. I may have worn them a month or two too long actually but there was no tearing, no separation of the sole, no holes in the leather. They were mostly warm. I did slip and slide on the snow/ice a lot because of the soles wearing down but that's also the area I live in.Were they worth ~$130? Eeehhhhhhhhh maybeeee...?I'm following these up with some steel toe Cats, I believe they are Second Shift 6" Steel Toe. They ended up being about $55 cheaper after tax so we'll see how those hold up.Thank you for reading :)
B004PNE720 after a hard year I have been quite pleased with these boots despite a couple of minor shortcomings. Like another reviewer or two, I had some side stitching come apart, but the boots are still quite functional with this defect. The sole liner disintegrated after about six months, but a Dr Scholl's style insert was a good replacement. At one year of heavy use, the laces started to look like they might wear out, so I coated them with some duct tape and they seem to be good for another few months at least. I live in a jungle and the steel toes have diverted a few wild machete swings. JB weld epoxy has worked well to fill the slices in the toe leather. The soles have held up well; no separation. They are still quite comfortable.
B004PNE720 Best Work Boots Ever I just as many others were tired of buying new boots every 4 months.  Not only are these incredibly comfortable, but they last forever.  I am very very hard on my work boots walking through attics everyday. Walking on angles where the boots are twisted and bent each and every way, other boots that I have owned would be falling apart after 2-3 months.  These have lasted me over two years, and only now has the stitching had enough.  I will never buy another pair of boots.
B004PZWGP8 Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Moc-Toe Chukka I bought a pair of these 9 months ago in the lighter color and they are holding up fine. They do a decent job of keeping your feet warm and look fantastic. I liked them so well I bought a pair of the darker colored ones. When these shoes are in stock here you better buy them when you get the chance. They sell out as fast as they get them in in popular sizes that is. I have been waiting for over a month for them to come back so I could purchase them again. A very popular shoe and well worth the money.
B004Q01I4W getting apart. These are not very comfortable shoes (there are too tight)But by the fifth time i am wearing them the upper part is getting apart.
B004RQ1GPG flawed product had these boots for 3 months and the seams are coming apart and eyelets are breaking off. will NEVER buy timberlands again! CHEAP JUNK will go back to wearing redwings you cant beat em
B004RQ1N8Q Timberland pro helix HI my name is Chris I'm a commercial truck driver of 18 years I'm very hard on my shoes contrary to popular belief I am on my feet a lot I get in and out of the truck I'm on diesel fuel island I unload my truck in and out of the back I need good support I change boots about every 10 months I do not buy cheap boots I have always loved timberlands my first real quality pair of boots were Tim's  and I wore those things for four years until they finally fell apart and I put them through living hell. So far I am enjoying the comfort of the boot very good support well constructed I already have one little disappointment be in slip resistant soul it does not do its job very well I was at the diesel fuel island and I went to step up into my truck there was diesel fuel on my soul and I darn near broke my neck getting into the truck Because my soles did not grip the running boards on the truck Traction is a must in my line of work so far not so good. If you are looking for a comfortable boot I give this boot four out of five stars As far as the sole goes I give it two stars
B004RQ38B6 nice for the price nothing special but very comfortable. i bought some dr martens oxford workshoes 6 months ago and i will never buy anything from them again. these will hopefully last alot longer. the material does scuff very easy on these but they are practical and true to size. great price for what you get
B004ZCE19U Great light weight boot I work in the telecom field, wearing these 8-14 hrs a day is a pleasure.  With other boots I could feel the fatigue in my legs at the end of the day.  I was wearing steel toe boots before these are not. These also support my high arches really well.  I've bought two pairs of these boots over the last year; got about 7 months wear until the heel was needing replacement.  Would buy these again.  Plus the blue is a muted deeper blue so they look cool without being overstated.
B004ZCEVP4 only lasted 4 months i bought these in feb its now july the sole comming off 1 of them seams it was glued on
B0052A6Z70 Just as advertised Out of the box, the fit was great.  The boots are comfortable and I noticed a marked benefit in the first week of owning these.  I spend 6-10 hours a day on my feet, moving around a hot kitchen.  These hold up well without my feet becoming too hot and not slipping.  I would absolutely recommend these to anyone.I would like to update this review after a month of use.  I must say what these boots have surpassed my expectations.  After 4 weeks, they are still holding strong.  The stitching is not coming apart, the zippered sides are holding well, and the sole is not coming off.  I would still recommend these to anyone looking for a comfortable, yet sturdy pair of work boots.
B0054HM0Z2 Does everything as advertised.... for a time. First, they are designed as a work boot for a large sock, so if you are wearing with dress socks they run a bit large. I went down a half size, and the shoes are comfortably roomy. Beyond that, they technically meet all of the specifications, they have steel toe, the don't seem to slip, they conduct static electricity into the ground (what I bought them for), and they look OK. They are definitely cheap workmanship though. These are the equivalent of 40$ dress shoes, but happen to have a variety of extra features. They do what you need them to do, and they look OK with jeans and a suit, but I am not expecting them to last forever, and they look cheap.1 Year Update. (I updated from 4 stars to 3 stars)These shoes are physically in about the same shape as when I bought them, they could use a polish, but that's on me. No major deterioration, and I wore them almost every day for the full work day. Unfortunately, they no longer reliably pass an ESD conduction test. The first 6 months they passed every day no problems, but after about 6 months they started to have problems conducting, and I would have to "clean" them to get them to pass. At first if I just rubbed them on the carpet and they would pass, then it would take a wet cloth, and now there is no amount of cleaning that will make them pass. I still keep them in my office as steel toe dress shoes, but they only see occasional use.I am pretty dissapointed, and will not be buying a new pair.
B0054HM2UU Heavy, stiff & sole  doesn't flex with foot, better after 6 mnths of wear I waited 6 months to review these. I own a lawn maintenance company in South Florida and put a lot of abuse on work boots. I wanted to step up to a little better quality boot. I got these in a time crunch- wasn't real happy with the fit , comfort, and especially the EXTREME heavy weight of these boots while trying them on in the store. They felt real "cloddy" and the inner comfort of the boot wasn't as "cushiony" as they looked like they would be. They're rough breaking in- heavy and force you to walk flat-footed because the sole wouldn't flex. Right up to writing the review I was disappointed with them and couldn't wait to wear them out and go for something else. But I changed my original review and gave it a better rating from 2 to 3 stars because I have to admit- they're broke in now and are ok- not great, just ok. I had to wear down the sole a 1/4 inch before they would flex with my foot !  Quality wise they've held up- no popped stitching, torn leather, no broken eyelets, glue separation, and no problems with the sole. They retained their comfort very well and the inner-sole is still spongey and cushiony. I'm moving around easily now, but man, the first few months are really tough because they're so stiff and heavier than most boots of this type. They hurt my back and fatigued me throughout my work day, but again, they're better now. They're not very waterproof and become saturated within minutes if exposed to prolonged conditions. Once the leather gets soaked, the water's coming on through. Maybe you can treat them- I didn't because down here nothings waterproof unless it's plastic, better to focus on getting them dried out quickly with a boot drier! One more thing, they say they have some "microbiophobial" stuff in them to keep them from stinking/ foot odor. It works- these things never stink or have any odor, so that's cool. They're better than the Walmart "Survivors" I kept getting- but not by much and at twice the cost. Overall, they'll do the job for now but next time I'll look for something with more inner-boot padding, less weight, and more flexibility.
B0054HM3YA Seemed somewhat small at first. When I first got this pair (Prime shipping NDA 2.99 w/Sat del - that was awesome already) the shoes were very tight.  I normally fit a 10.5 W so that is what I ordered.  This was my first pair ever of Timberland brand and first time buying shoes online - normally I like to try them before buying; however, my current work boots were faling apart - thanks Payless! and was tired of buying crappy boots from Walmart/Target/Payless for $40-$60 and then they last all of maybe 6 mos before the heel starts falling off.  I work in IT so not a lot of hard work like construction but I do move around a bit from system to system, IDF racks, MDF racks, and moving equipment around.  Anyway wanted a respected brand that would hopefully deliver a solid long lasting shoe.  Around a $140 if it wil last 2 years then it will pay for and outlast any preceding pair.So the shoe I got were initially very tight.  But I knew they needed a little breaking in so was willing to give it a week before return for a larger size 11 W.  Each day the shoes got a bit better and more comfortable.  By Friday they were fitting perfectly, a little tight when first putting them on but within the hour they were the most comfortable boots I've ever had.Definitely keeping the boots.  The 10.5W fit perfectly once broken in.  For me 5 Days of wearing broke them in just fine.  Left ankle was a bit sore also because the shoe was biting into it a bit but my left foot is a tad different bigger than my right but not enough to warrant a different size shoe.  Again by the 5th day this was pretty much gone also.Pro:  Very comfy when broken in.  Last eyelet is the open kind for fast lacing which is very nice so you are not fiddling with the aglet going through the round eyelet, especially at EOD when you are taking the boots off makes it quick.  Size will fit you perfectly, once broken in.Cons: I should have bought this sooner!!!  Really no con just a little skeptical at first because they felt too tight but every man knows there is a break in period for new boots/shoes.Recommend:  Certainly recommend this product.  Hopefully I'll remember to update in awhile to let you know of the longevity of the product too.UPDATE 25 JUNE 2014.Now have had this show for 10 months.  Never had a problem with it.  I see now the price is up about $30 from when I purchased but would by it again if needed.  As some have noted in other reviews of poor rating the top quick lace notch is made of a hard (appears to be high quality) plastic.  Personally haven't had any problems with the eyelets or the quick lace notch.  I wear these shoes on average a minimum of 5 days aweek 8+ hours.  Usually also wear them for non-work activities as well because they are more comfortable than any other shoe I have, so at least non-summer time I'm wearing these practically every day.  Still the same laces, insole even, tread is still very good a bit worn on back heel, boot leather is in pretty good shape although I lack in applying polish too it.  With proper polishing and care I'm sure it would look near new still.Otherwise, can't say what happened to some that are having shoe eyelet/notch issues perhaps just a bad batch but the product still shows "Free Returns" so if something fails just get it replaced.Hands down the best boot/shoe I have ever bought - at least on par with my old army boots/jungle boots as far as durability, and more comfortable than they were.
B0054HM3YA One of the best pairs of boots ive owned I do construction and ive been wearing all sorts of different brands. None have been comfortable, or lasted more then 4 months. Ive been wearing these for about 3 weeks now. My feet dont hurt as bad at the end of the day, and so far they seem to be holding up. These are definitely not the greatest boot ever created but they are a big improvement over others brands Ive tried.  Ill continue the review in a few months to include how long they last.
B0054HM8TK had to send them back for the last 4 years i've been wearing the titan 6" safety toe timberlands and i have only been getting about 8 months out of them, so i thought i would try some timberlands with a different sole. that's where my normal boots always fail.  these boots however were way bigger as 13E than the timberlands i'm used to.  they were also noticeably heavier than i'm used to. the sole, being a solid rubber, didn't flex as much as i would have liked.  for me, these do not seem like a daily wear shoe, unless you're going to be walking in 4" of water every day.
B0054NLQT2 good price poor quality I was disappointed to see that the bookbag looked cheap and feels as if this will not last for more than a few months, Timberland should DEFINITELY stick to making shoes
B0056RMY2O Poor Construction Had these shoes for a few months now and after I broke them in, they were the most comfortable shoes ever while I stood on my feet for hours on end. Unfortunately, about a month or so ago, the straps began unravelling from the part where they connect to the shoe. I toughed it out, thinking it wouldn't matter too much, but now they're falling off. I'll have to buy another pair or switch.
B0057N6LOY cool! Looks good! After 5 months of extremly wearing sole come off (in corners). Glue save my sole. I Still wear!
B005BWB2QI Very pleased Just received this pair a couple of days ago.  Sizing is PERFECT!  I seem to always have a problem with correct sizing.  10.5 Medium width.  She is very confortable and looks quite nice.Time will tell on how this will hold up...may update review in a few months....
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe Bought these for my 12 month old who has been walking for a couple of months already and is super active.  They have lived up to my hope they would be difficult for her to get off, and therefore we wouldn't lose them as easily as her last shoes.  They are a little stiff in the sole and if done up too tight at the ankle can rub a little, but not enough to bother her.  Look great and holding up well to daily running around at the park.
B005FI1VE6 Sturdy: Great sandal for active kids It is really difficult to find sturdy, low-cost sandals for active, outside-loving girls once they get past a certain age (size). Each year, it is a battle to find decent-looking sandals that will hold up to the abuse my kids give them. While this sandal cost more than I want to spend (since I have five kids), it seems like it will hold up for the whole summer. The kids have been wearing them daily for almost a month so far - four months to go!These provide some cushion, are easy to get on and off, and grip my kids' feet tightly when running and playing. So far, I'm very pleased with the value for the money. The skid-resistance seems like enough as well.One of my kids has the "black/white" (red inner) color ones and another has the "black/royal" (blue inner) color.-----Updated after two months: These are still going strong. They clean up pretty well, have held their color(s), and so far are holding together great.-----Updated after five months: These have lasted from spring all the way through until fall. While they aren't overly stylish, they are definitely worth the money and have held up great!-----Updated over a year later: My oldest girl to have these still fit in them at the beginning of spring #2. They lasted until almost the end of June of Year #2. The bottom of the toe area detached and started flopping. Daughter asked for another pair just like them (with room to grow) because they are comfy and easy to run in.
B005FM5Q3O Love the shoes Except that they aren't as robust as some reviews on Zappos indicate. Our lo has had them for a few months and wears thema  few times a week in addition to her other shoes, however they are starting to come apart (very slightly). The threading is freying a bit and the side of the toe coverage is wearing out already. These are an excellent style for the summer at the play ground though as they can handle splash, protect the toe very well and provide cool comfort for those warm/hot days. They also stand to the true description that they don't stink. They are adjustable in 3 places so they will fit ultimately. We do love them except for the price I would expect stitching to last a season at least. Our lo started wearing them at 18 months.
B005FM5Q3O Not Bad, But Not Ideal for a New Walker We bought these for my 1 year old who wasn't quite walking on her own yet. The shoes held up very well, although they only fit for a couple of months, at this size their feet grow fast! For a child her age though, the soles weren't as flexible as I would have liked. They took a lot of breaking in, and some other brands that gear specifically toward this age were more flexible right out of the box. It was really nice to be able to adjust the size at 3 different places, we used all 3 adjustments. I may get them again when she is older, but for a little while longer we'll probably stick to the more flexible ones.
B005FMJOYQ Lasted a long time These were my son's favorite shoes. he wore them almost exclusively for 10 months before outgrowing them. They're in such good shape, we're passing them down to his younger brother.
B005I6YJW6 Not a good buy. They are pretty light but not Comfortable. I got the size 12 wideAnd it's not really wide it's to tight .And after a week the outer sole started coming apart.I would not buy these shoes again.
B005I6YJW6 Vibram Really? These are by far the most comfortable safety toe shoe I have ever worn. They fit great and I worked a 12hr day in them the first time I wore them with no blisters.  No question they are super comfortable, but they lasted only 5 months.  The soles are a joke!!! They started to peel away from the rest of the shoe after a month and a half. I was just too lazy to return them and wait for another pair so they ended up flopping around with me for 4 more months.  Vibram should be disgusted for putting their name on these and Timberland as well.  Great shoe, but need to resole them if they come out with a new model, because they are not worth the money! My coworkers $35 Wal-Mart steel toes out performed these.
B005I6YJW6 Sole is coming off! I've only had these work shoes for a year or so.  They are very comfortable and fit well.  However, the hard bottom part of the sole is delaminating from the softer upper part.  I am going to try to send them back for another pair.
B005MI8CPK Good looking boots These are great to pair with anything. I didn't wear them that much when I first got them (last semester of college), but once I started working, I wore these everyday. However, my only gripe is that one time I tried taking the boot off with my foot and the sole ripped off the bottom. It could be me, as I still love these boots. Would recommend.
B005Y7T62W Kinda disapointed I purchased these for the summer months since they are un-insulated. The fit is good and they are comfortable for 12hrs on RR ballast but the sole on the right boot has two big chunks taken out already.(2mos) The toe guard is also starting to pull away on one side making that boot less water resistant. I will probably have to replace these in a few more months.
B006T2EJC8 Super Comfy, not really a winter boot though I have been a fairly loyal Timberland work boot user for the last 8 years. This boot is by far one of the comfiest boots that have ever graced my feet. Fit is true to size, depending on your foot, you could drop 1/2 size to make it really snug.My only complaint is the winter performance of the sole; I live in Alaska where there is snow on the ground for 6 months, and these boots are SLIPPERY with the oil resistant sole. Put some traction cleats on and away you go.
B006T307QE Defective design I have had these boots for almost two months and the are already coming apart. The grey nylon mesh under the shoelaces is coming lose and causing it to fall apart. I love timberland but these are not up to par with what I expect from them.
B006T307QE Boots look good, but poorly made! I purchased these boots because I work in the wastewater industry.  In my line of work I need a waterproof, electrically rated, safety toe boot, so I chose these.  Definitely liked the look of the boot when I received them.  There was no break-in period like I've encountered with other boots.  I wore these for 4-8 hour shifts and the sole started coming unglued and the grey mesh material started to fray.  I couldn't believe that these boots started falling apart so quickly, I wasn't even that hard on them.  Timberland has definitely thrown quality out the window with these boots.  My previous pair of Timberlands lasted me 14 months, which I consider a long time with what I work in, but I don't think these would last 2 months and would be shredded under normal working conditions.  I requested to return them for a refund due to being defective.
B006T307QE JUNK-DONT BUY Had these boots for a while. After a month, they started falling apart. The plastic covering and grey mesh totally came apart and the boots are no where near water proof. Feet always get wet even in the smallest amount of water. Every pair of timberland boots I have owned always falls apart. Their build quality and quality control is horrible. Their customer service is the worst I have ever seen from a company. They will warranty the boot but you have to pay for shipping and they don't even replace the boot, they just repair it!!!! It takes about 6 weeks time to get your boots back. What are you supposed to wear while you are waiting for your boots???? Timberlands response for this is &#34;Buy another pair of timberland boots in the mean time&#34; Never again will i buy a pair of timberland boots.
B006T307QE They were GREAT, went downhill way too fast 8 month life expectancy I wrote a great review for these shoes earlier in the year- I thought I had found the perfect combination of safety, waterproofing and hiking capability, complete with the vibram soles. They were good while they lasted, but I notice now that the soles have separated from the body of the shoe at the critical bend points- I was disgusted to discover this as I bought these boots late in September, It is now late in May not even a full 9 months and they are failing. Does anyone know if Timberland PRO or Vibram offer a warranty against these product failures?Aloha.
B006T307QE Boots are nice besides the fact mine are falling apart after 3 months The boots are very comfortable and lightweight.  The only downfall is they are falling apart after three months of wearing them.
B006T30U8E Comfortable, but... I like the fit and comfort of these boots, and after rubbing them with some neatsfoot oil, they are like buttah...  But...  The threads are coming apart  in the moc-toe area after wearing them for about 2 months.  I will wear them into the ground, but will not buy another pair based on this.
B006T30U8E no good for iron Junk, get the Carolinas or thorogood wedge sole these are cheap for a reason lasted me 3 months with minimal deck welding
B006T30U8E Heels wore out. These are some really comfortable boots right out of the box. 18 months and they are still doing work, BUT the thin hard rubber bottom wore out under the heels. Now the heels are both just the softer foam rubber material and it is wearing out very quickly. I do tend to drag my heels when I walk, so if you do the same, go with a different boot. These would be 5 stars otherwise. The upper is still in solid condition, but the heels are all but gone.
B006T32HGC Poor quality Bought these boots with the idea that they were actually work boots. Started off pretty comfortable. Then started to break in and started to break apart. Rubber toe area started to peel back and now the seams are starting to separate and allows dirt to fill up the top of your boot. Was expecting good things from these boots. Disappointed very poor quality probably will not buy timberland products any more and these are not my first pair of timberlands. And this is only after 60 days
B006T32HGC Don't Waste your money. Junk!! Wanted these boots so bad due to their rugged look. Should have known better due to having a pair of Timberland Endurance that lasted only 6 months before sole of boot started coming unglued.  Hyperion's only lasted 3 months before leather had torn away from Small toe side of boot. Pitiful performance for a $160 pair of boots.  Have now spent $190 on a pair of Red Wing boots that are by far the most comfortableboots iI've ever bought.  Bye-Bye timberland. Hello Red Wing!
B006T32HSK Awsome!! Very comfortable boot! I have about 5 months on these now and very happy with these boots unlike some other Timberline PRO's.
B006T32TKG comfort the most comfortable boot ive ever owned, tread is great for what i do, and time will tell how long they last. my last pair of timberlands fell apart within 4 months, but i bought another just for the comfort
B006T32WNK Need to be worn in for a few days. I have bought a couple of pair of boots for my husband.  He has bought a couple of pair for himself.  After realizing this is a purchase that warrants a thorough amount of research, and a little bit more money, I went with these for his big gift this year.  Most of the work boots out there have a rubber, plastic, or fabric material around the top of the boot.  This part inevitably dry-rots, falls apart, or just tears from wear.  I spent many hours looking at boots and trying to find a pair without that specific 'defect'.  When these arrived I gave them to him immediately.  I wanted to see how they fit and whether or not they were comfortable.  He said the inside of the heal felt a little wide and his heal was sliding in and out.  After 12 hours of wear he said they were perfect and they just needed to be broken in.  Having spent as much money on work boots as we have, I am glad I finally spent the extra money on these.  Now, I won't have to replace them next year.  The leather is very thick and sturdy.  The stitching is tight and beautifully done.  The sole of the shoe is thick and cannot be twisted by hand, like most shoes can be.  The other feature he is particularly happy about is that the boot can be laced all the way up the front of the shoe, giving him complete ankle support.  Great boot!  Going to buy my son some when he turns 11 next year.
B006T32WNK nice boots... Great boots at a fair price. I'm a union ironworker, and prefer the wedge sole. Most of the guys I work with wear die hard boots, and I've owned both. These timberlands are more comfortable and last longer. Not much of a break in period, they tend to be great right out of the box. I normaly get 13 to 15 months out of a pair, I'm on my third pair...
B006ZTTV1O Extremely Comfortable I have had the boots for a few weeks now and I love them.  They are super comfortable.  I wear them all day at work, then on the weekends I wear them on the motorcycle.  These are an all-purpose boot for me.  I shopped around for a couple of months and these are definitely the best bang for your buck.
B0070SHSGE After 2 months of daily office wear these are hardly presentable. Very poor quality, people shouldnt review these shoes before they've worn them for 6 months.Are we really saving the earth when I need to replace these exactly 10x sooner than my previous Timberland Oxfords that weren't labeled as 'earth' friendly?? The answer is NO.  I had worn these for 2 months in California weather, no rain, no snow, no salt, and the black has faded to a horrible looking gray.  I hand polish my shoes from time to time but this is ridiculous, the color should last a lot longer from the factory.  That aside the padding that lines the laces is made of a .05 mm thick vinyl.  I seriously went to clean something off of it and the vinyl ripped.  Now I have this white 'stuffing' showing on my black (ugly cloudy gray....) shoes!  Returning under warranty for defects. Currently wearing my 10 year old Timberland Montgomerys, worn to heck but the black leather still shines and they are quite simply much better built.Timberland's dress shoes seem to run very large, people should be aware of this.  I wear a size 10.5-11 running shoe and a 9.5 Timberland dress shoe fits me perfect after they are broken in.Did someone actually write 'these aren't the sexiest shoes I own' .... wow, maybe you should try some heels instead.
B0070SHSGE Falling apart 3 months old and they are coming apart at the seem.  I dont even where them that much.  Not good.
B0070SI95I Comfortable, durable, and stylish I wear these boots at work nine hours a day, five days a week and after six months I have to say that I love them.  I see other reviews complaining about the soles wearing quickly,  and I already know I'll have my pair resoled and continue to wear them if indeed that happens.
B0070SPKZU break-in required Good looking boot - although they scratch easily and the scratches are extremely visible until they eventually  fade into the oiled leather (minus one star) - they are VERY hard to get on and off and very stiff out of the box (minus another star) - but that said I am finally getting through the break-in period and these are quickly becoming some of the most comfortable boots I have ever owned - I have a feeling that in a few months these will become like prized possessions because they are well built and certain to last for many years.
B0072NQIZ4 Good BUT... I bought these shoes at the beginning of January, I got many compliments from coworkers. They took less than a week to "break in" and were very comfortable for the first few months. I stand/walk at work for 8-12 hours per day and around month four, I knew I needed to replace them. For the price, I'd hope they'd last a little longer.
B007784WSO very poor quality, very poor quality, in less than 2 months in cracked black rubber part of both shoes.  seems like a scam
B0077853PU doesn't last long! They are very comfy but fell apart in 3 months.  I  spent allot money because I figured Timberlands would last forever.  I am a dog groomer so I need boots that last.  I will just go back to Wal-Mart and spend 15 on boots next time.
B0077SY810 Comfortable but Flimsy I purchased these boots a year ago direct from a Timberland store. They were a very comfortable pair of boots, but have some distinct shortcomings.These are great for light-duty or occasional use. They break in quickly, and the side zip is very convenient.I purchased them for everyday wear - I live and work in a city (San Francisco), so my days include a fair amount of walking on concrete and sidewalks (at least 1-2 miles daily).The soles of these boots do not hold up well to this kind of use. Whether the rubber is too soft for daily walking or I wore them particularly hard, within 6 months the tread on the sole had worn off, and shortly thereafter the rubber sole began to shred and fall apart. The leather between the insole and the rubber sole also cracked and developed a hole at the ball of my foot. After only 9 months of wear, these boots are unwearable.Your mileage may vary, but I would recommend these boots for light use only. They are a very stylish and comfortable pair of boots - but if you plan to wear these and only these for large amounts of in-city walking, they will fall apart quickly.Some other stray observations:&#8226; The length vs. width of the boot is a little off from the marked size. I wear 11's, with a normal-wide foot. When I found a comfortable width, the boots were slightly too long. This may have contributed to the balls of my feet wearing the sole down particularly hard.&#8226; If the toes get crushed, be sure to pop the plastic toe support back into place quickly to maintain the shape of the toe. They are very soft and can deform easily.&#8226; For this style with the suede upper portion, the indigo dye from denim will rub off and stain the boot.Conclusion: Stylish, comfortable boot, but really only suitable for light use.
B008N7H654 bad quality, apparently not original the product is bad quality, the price is right, and the service delivery is on time, .... it is a confortable shoes but the quality is bad, buy them 2 months ago and last week broke the seams and took off..apparently not original
B008VPU0GK Two Stars Had them for less then a year and the sole is falling of.  Get what u pay for.
B008VPU0GK cheap glue the front sole is peeling off but anything else this boot works. instead of glue use stitching the sole would last longer!
B008VPU0GK Wore out quickly I bought these shoes for my boyfriend who works in IT. He wears these shoes daily so I expect them to get some wear and tear. However, I just gave them to him for Christmas and they're already coming apart at the toe and around the front side and it's only been 4 months.
B0090JZSMW Falling Apart I've had these shoes for just over a month and the sole is already falling off one of them. I have barely worn them.Disappointed in the quality.
B0091225MO soles are shot after 3 months soles are shot after 3 months of use. granted i use them every day but i dont understand why they would start to peel apart at the soles. They are sweet shoes, they keep you dry and can breath, but are not as tough as your normal timberland, actually i think this is a low cost timberland piece of crap...
B0091225MO Letter Carriers's almost best friend As a letter carrier that is on his feet for 9-11 hours a day...and walks over 5-10 miles in that same day shoes and my feet mean a lot....so here is my overview/review/vlog on my annual replacement shoes! Timberland PRO shoes are great but for me they last only 8 months but for you normal folk they will last over a year ;) 7.8/10PRO'S = Comfy, breaths very well, able to stand still in them for hours on end, light-ish and puddle resistant at firstCON's= for me the soles lasted only 5-6 months in peak form, insole retains moisture/smell/gunk stuff easily, shoe stretches out a tad around breathable material sections making it feel too wide after 3-5 months of solid use.+++ Being my daily shoe for walking daily this IS a really good shoe and worth its $ but a few improvements could be made ;)7.8/8.0 overallPLEASE SEE VIDEO REVIEW BELOW![...]
B00AQMB9O8 Well made...nice leather boot. We bought this for our 8 year old daughter. Not as fashionable as some, but , I was looking for quality to hold up through the winter months and not fall apart half way through as with others. This boot appears to be very well made so I hope it meets our expectations.
B00AQMB9O8 Awesome boots for active kids. This is the second pair that I have bought for my daughter. The first one I bought when she was six, and the last pair was just a couple of months when she turned eight. These boots are awesome because of the full leather upper lining--non of that synthetic stuff here. They work really well for really active kids who would normally destroy shoes rather quickly. They tend to last about six months and then some I have been really happy with these boots.
B00AQMB9O8 Zipper broken after less than 3 months. Very disappointed in the quality of these boots.  After less than 3 months of normal to light usage the zipper has broken on one of the boots.  I plan on writing both Timberland and Amazon and will post a followup of their responses.  At the moment, I do not foresee me ordering another Timberland product in the future.
B00AQNNZ80 shockingly defective product I've never written a review before, but these are so bad, I figured I might save someone else the trouble. These boots were worn *once* and the soles have almost completely detached from BOTH shoes. Clearly there is something terribly defective with the glue to have them come apart after one wearing. I have a hard time believing this is the first pair to do so (one shoe, maybe... but both?) and am a little shocked that either Timberland or Amazon would sell them.
B00AW7M97S Love, love these boots! I've been looking for boots for a few months now and finally settled on these for a number of reasons.  I liked that they only came up to mid calf, I loved the color and design, there was a Black Friday sale on them, and Timberland seems to be a pretty good brand.  I had looked at another brand of boots that cost $100 and the reviews kept saying that the soles cracked in only three months!  I really didn't want to spend that much and have the soles crack.  I was impressed with the reviews on the Timberland boots and decided to give it a try.A lot of people said that they run small, so they got the next size up, or went with the wider option.  I normally wear size 9, so I ordered pairs in both 9 and 9.5.  Going up a half size was perfect.  It was still snug, but it has relaxed since I got them a month ago and I wear them almost everywhere, they are quite comfortable and I absolutely love them :)  The toe box isn't very wide, but it's about the same as a regular shoe.  I would definitely recommend these boots!
B00AW8JG9G I loved the pictures more I wear a size 8 and these fit. Just fit. Scrumtches my toes. Also the pictures of the sole lie. It shows a more utilitarian sole, a sole that might grip in the wet weather of Portland; the sole is flat and smooth. It was an expensive boot for something so unpractical. I was hoping for a boot stylish and practical... Well, I did get stylish. Not my favorite boots.
B00AZPOIF8 The sole is breaking I have two months using these shoes and I realized that the drawings are of the sole is separating from one shoe
B00B7FGQDM Most comfortable boot I've ever owned. I've been wearing another set of timberland boots for years. I love my old ones. But I had to replace them every six months from wearing out. Being in the construction trade wears them out quickly. I decided to step up them Tim and spend the extra $50 for these. Most comfortable boot I've ever owned. Now, let's see how long they last. Will update after six months. That's why I haven't given it five stars yet.
B00B7FKAXY Best Boot for the Buck! A little tight at the beginning. At mid-day I started to feel the Kush that Timberland PRO reviews talk about. I will always be a fan of Georgia Boots but these are two steps a head in the comfort zone. Build quality is excellent... I will give everyone a heads up here in two months about durability. So far so good!!!
B00B822FHK Love these shoes. I've worn them twice and I couldn't ask for a more comfortable shoe. I walked for quite a few miles the first time I wore them and they were amazing - I may as well have had them for months because that's how comfortable they were.
B00B8I9AI6 Hate it, but also love it. Wonderful upper, only buy if you commit to replacing soles. How frustrating can a product be? I hate Timberland for the way they made these boots, but because it's so hard for me to find shoes that fit well, I kept them and took them to a real cobbler to fix.With a high instep, it's really, really difficult to find shoes/boots that fit. The uppers on these boots magically fit me more perfectly than any shoes I've ever had. The first two days, I loved them, and figured maybe I'd buy a few pairs and store them for future use.But after only 3 days, the soles starting cracking and separating. I thought about doing a warranty return, but a little more research showed that defective soles are a pretty common occurrence for the Earthkeeper line of Timberlands. So I took the practically new (but broken) boots to a cobbler and had the soles completely rebuilt and replaced with Vibram soles. They're heavier now, and look more like workboots with a Vibram sole (the lightness of the original may have something to do with their durability), but seem like they'll last for years.Only buy these boots if you're willing to have the soles replaced. And I'd suggest doing that only if, like me, you have very difficult-to-fit feet and these work for you. Otherwise, for the cost of the boots and cobbler work, you should just go ahead and get a better-made pair of boots. I've made these work, but will never look at a pair of Timberland's again.
B00B8I9AI6 Nice for a while, but terrible quality These boots look and feel great at first, but my pair completely fell apart after less than two months of use. The sole is so worn through that water seeps in, the laces are frayed, and the leather is damaged and ripping apart from the heel.. If you are looking for a high quality boot that will last, say, more than a single season, look elsewhere.  I am very unhappy with my purchase.
B00BB7BX66 Signs of wear in less than two months I got this boot in January 7th. I wear it to work, I teach at a school so its not a harsh environment I guess!. The boot starts to show signs of wear in less than two months!!!!. The tongue is torn in the middle and its going to come off soon. So frustrated.
B00BCJXLHW Fancy Feet Feet Feel Fine Purchased a taupe/tan pair for self several months back.  Daughter wore them couple of times (we are same size).  She bragged about fit.  The last was long enough and didn't pinch or curl her very long toes.  Decided to purchase navy pair for her.  Works well with her school uniform, navy coat and denim!  She is pleased.
B00ENZRTCK Love the shoes, soles could last longer Mixed feelings on these shoes.  I love the way they fit, they look fantastic, and get lots of compliments.  That said, I have only had then for a few months and already have had to glue the soles back onto both sneakers twice.  The natural color rubber sole has separated from the white rubber trim and shoe sole and would literally &#34;flop&#34; and buckle out while walking.  I have fixed each shoe twice now with flexible shoe glue.  Please note, I wear these every day, all day.  They are fantastic summer sneakers, and I really do love them.  Would I buy them again? You bet I would. ;)
