B000073TM3 So close... I was sooo excited to find these beautiful shoes. Unfortunately ,they were too narrow AND THEY DIDN'T COME ANY WIDER  I am crushed-really
B00009WM7J Timberland boots " Santa" brought these for my son and he hasn't taken them off since! I was worried about how they would fit since he didn't try them on first and he has a narrow foot, but no complaints from him!
B0002RDYMC A little narrow in the toe area These boots fit nicely and came in handy for the monstrous winter we have had here in Pennsylvania. However, they were a little narrow in the toe area.
B0007T64VI I am very disappointed with this product. I am sending these back.  They are narrow and do not fit well. I have purchased Timberland boots in the past and am very disappointed.
B000AKVA6I Ankle is very narrow for even the wide cut I'm by no means a boot expert, but its extremely difficult to get my feet thru the ankle of the boot. Im hoping after a few days this will stretch out. Its my first pair boots ever so maybe its supposed to be this way?  I bought 10.5 M and sent them back to get 10.5 W. Once my foot is in it fits well but I break a sweat getting my feet in.  Overall I do like the boots.
B000AKVBFI ok fit ..could be more roomy at front fits narrow up front..could give more room for toes to wiggle, otherwise its ok. hope it stretches in time. looks good
B000B2G1MI Too Narrow Very nice shoe.  I was so surprised when my son said they were narrow - so narrow he couldn't keep his foot in the shoes for more than a moment because they hurt.  My son has never had problems with shoes being too narrow before, so I'd have to figure these boots are more narrow than they should be.
B000BB15ZC "Wide" too narrow I purchased this shoe in a 11-1/2 Wide. It was too narrow in the arch area, and very uncomfortable (without even walking in it). It may be a good shoe if you have narrow/normal feet, but I've never come across a &#34;wide&#34; shoe that was this tight on me before.
B000BB15ZC Four Stars Nice boot. Had to send regular back. To narrow. Wide is ok for regular size foot
B000BB15ZC these boots run slightly narrow they look and feel great, I would of given them 5 stars if it were not for the slightly narrow width on the &#34;M&#34; size. I had to get a half size larger. I don't have a wide foot nor have I ever purchased wide shoes before. I am going to keep them because I think they'll get comfortable as they conform to my feet. Again they are only slightly narrow.
B000BB15ZC too narrow I specifically purchased these because they say wide and they are narrow. The quality of the boot is great nice leather, really wished they fit.
B000BFIHVS Great boot but too narrow for a wide size I ordered this 9.5 size wide boot, but was unpleasantly surprised that the fit was much too narrow. I had to return them.
B000BFIHVS to tight HAd to go with a wide size these are very narrow boots but the wife like them and she can wear them with 2-3 pairs of socks.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable around ankle, narrow tow box These boots are extremely comfortable around the ankle - lots of padding.  However, the tow box is narrow.  It rubbed against the side and corner of my big and small toes.  These are not good boots if you like a wide tow box where you have room to flex your toes.  Even for larger sizes the tow box didn't fit for me.  I typically don't have problems with the toe box of shoes not fitting.  I ended up going with the gore-tex version of these boots, which were not quite as comfortable around the ankle but were a better fit for me personally.  The gore-tex version of this shoe is called the Timberland Men's 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boot.  The boot has a different fit, so it's definitely worth trying both to see which suits you better.
B000BFIHVS Great Quality but too narrow was too narrow for my fathers foot. So make sure you don't have a wide foot when purchasing.
B000BFIHVS Too narrow for a 2E Wide I always wear a 2E wide and these boots are nowhere near the same fit as other footwear I have worn in 2E wides.These boots are very narrow for a 2E and I don't want to order a 1/2 size larger because I don't feel that will work either.I will be be returning these Boots ASAP but the boot does appear to be well made.
B000BFIHVS Nice Boot I ordered the wide size but they still feel a little too narrow for me.  Not enough to make it unpleasant.  I still like them, don't love them.
B000BFIHVS Too narrow It is not a well made product and I am very surprised that it received good rating from more than 200 users.  As for me, it is also very narrow.  Doesn't fit me at all.  I have been ordering hiking shoes for years and this is one of the two I had to return.
B000G21BSC too narrow I like the boot and was excited when it was delivered.  Unfortunately, this boot is too narrow despite the Wide width designation.  Returned it the next day.
B000G23DQK VERY GREAT!!! THESE TIMBERLAND BOOTS ARE JUST GREAT ALL AROUND THE SIZING WAS TERRIFIC THE (M) IS FOR PEOPLE WITH NARROW/REGULAR SIZE FEET AND THEY FIT VERY WELL.
B000G23DQK Timberland Men's 72066 6" Premium Boot,Rust Nubuck,8.5 W US Got these boots, and WOW! They appeared to be well made.  Note: Boots are not made in the USA as I thought, but rather, made in the Dominican Republic. Boots are very comfortable, but I got a Wide fit, and maybe could have gone with a regular width.  I normally wear EE or W width shoes, so note to users, these boots tend to fit on the wider side.  Maybe wearing thicker socks will fill in the shoe better.  However, the opening of the boot is rather narrow, and putting them on is a bit of a struggle, as the ankle part of the boot is made rather narrow.  I've had Timberline's before and these are not as nice as the originals (back in the early 90's).  4 out of 5 as that's the only knock against these boots.  Otherwise, sole is top notch quality, and the uppers are top quality new buck .
B000G23DQK Too narrow They're not exactly small , just too narrow. My feet are fairly wide so next time i'll get wide. They are correct in size , just too narrow.
B000G24LJS Better than expected These shoes arrived quickly and the quality is first rate. They are narrow but took the size and shape of my foot in just a day or two. Love them.
B000KVA7YI NARROW they're narrow! even the wide is narrow. had to return. and order a size larger. Seemed like excellent quality though.
B000KVA7YI Mislead By Positive Reviews Many people said these were extremely comfortable and this was not entirely true in my case. These do come a bit narrow. I got a 10.5 (D)M and it was a touch too long but definitely too narrow and my feet really aren't that wide. However even if it was the right size (I admit the length issue is my fault) they still wouldn't have been tolerable. The tops are extremely comfortable and so is the sole but the stitching behind the ankle was very noticeably felt. The rubbing could be very irritating to some, as it was to me. These look great and maybe I would consider buying them in person to get the right size but if they all have that issue with the stitching behind the ankle I personally wouldn't buy them. If it wasn't for the ankle issue I would of given this a 4. If there were hooks instead of eyelets the whole way up, it'd be a 5.
B000KVA7YI Good Boots,Too Narrow. These boots are good quality.I should have ordered in a wider width.Cannot give a better review because I'm returning them.
B000KVA7YI good boots there lightweight for me I think these boots are intentional made for narrow feet, I have narrow feet and they fit perfect I got size 9.5EE, was reading that size 9.5A is narrow and size 9.5E is wider
B000VI8VBG Really like these shoes but... I like the shoe and so did my 3 yr old son but they were just too small and narrow. Had to return them.
B000VQ9SVK Attractive...BUT Painful! Nice looking boots. Not real suede. Small and narrow sizing. Very unwearable. Returned to Amazon, so no hassles.
B000VQBPOS comfy they fit a lil big, but are comfy overall. Just wear thicker socks. Wouldn't recommend for someone with wide feet being that they run narrow.
B000VQBPOS Timberlline boots These are great quality boots and a steal at 49.00.  They are all good quality leather and look sharp.  They do run narrow but they are perfect for narrow feet.
B000VQBPOS Great look but runs narrow and has poor foot support I really love this boot... but everything great about it is superficial.  They run narrow and have a cheap foot bed.  Very poor support.  But the style sure is what I like.I ordered an 8.5 wide and they were more like a medium... they were snug but after I broke them in they seemed to stretch out and felt better.  They didn't last a year and a half before the insides were all tore up and I pulled a metal bar out of the footbed, lol.  Huh?!  That never happened before with any shoe.  I didn't even use them everday... but I did do some walking in them.  Nothing extreme.  But the outside held up fine.Even though I knew better and feel they are waaaay overpriced for the quality... I love the look and ordered a second pair.  This time in a size 9 wide so I could put some padding in there for better foot support.  It seems to help.  I will only wear them to work now as I don't know how quickly these will also fall apart...
B000VQBPOS Timberland Women's Nellie Premium Ankle Boot I love the look and durability of Timberland boots.  I wear them to work every night, but these boots ran very narrow and they hurt my feet.  However, if you aren't going to wear them for 8 hrs. I think they would be OK.
B000VQBPOS It is stiff and runs way too narrow I always wear size 7, D (wide) and that is exactly what I ordered.  After I tried them on, I found they are way too narrow and stiff (they feel like medium width B).  They hurt my feet and I don't like them at all.  I contacted the seller many times, but no response regarding how to return them.  If you want to buy these shoes, you should really size up the width.
B000VQHO66 very narrow I really liked the look of this shoe but it was very narrow, I couldn't even start to get my foot in it.  Besides that the tags were attached to a hook on the insole and someone had pulled on it and unstuck the insole so if I would have kept it I am afraid it would have collected dirt under the insole where it should have been glued.
B000VX01MS just right for narrow feet I bought these shoes about 3 years ago and love the fit. I decided to see if they were still available and lucky me found them. So, I would (and did) buy them again.I have size 13 narrow feet and find it hard to find comfortable shoes. These shoes seems to be just right. The do not have good traction but have proven to be durable. I would recommend them.
B000VX01V4 nice shoe too narrow timberland medium seem to run small / narrow  had to return and get sperry which are equally as good and atractive
B000VX03GC great fit I was hoping for a slightly different style but my previously attempts brought me shoes that were too narrow.  I finally ordered these in 14W and they fit great.  They were also the lowest priced of the 3 pairs I tried.  I plan to wear them out and order more.
B000VX03GC Narrow Boot I purchased 10.5 W (EE) and the boot was the right length but the width was to narrow.  Maybe should have ordered 11W.
B000VX03GC Too Smal I plan on returning these boots, I ordered wide but these are to narrow for a comfortable fit, great boot though
B000VX03GC Too Narrow The boots were a little bit narrow in width, I ordered a size 9 D I quess I should have ordered a 9 E,
B000VX03GC Look great and well built The boats are of high quality and light on your feet. I ordered 15 wides, but the cut is narrow compared to other boot manufacturers I've ordered from. So, for hikers, make sure you order a size bigger and wider than you need.
B000VX03GC Overall very good I've only had them a couple weeks, but I like them.  My only concern is they were a little narrow for my feet, but not to the point I need to return them.
B000VX03GC worth the price I wore them for tow months, they seemed very tough, but a little bit narrow for Chinese feet. BTW, Gore-tex works well.
B000VX03GC Good for walking around in the woods. We bought this for one of my kids who walked around in the woods with it for four days.  He had no complaints about his feet being wet.  His foot is a little narrow for the length so he did have to lace it tightly.  We'll probably put an insole in it to take up some of the width but we've been happy with the boot.  Timberland makes a good product.
B000VX061O Narrow These shoes run narrow and continue to be uncomfortable. I wish I'd have returned them but didn't. They're very likely not made in the states either although I'm not positive of that.
B000XEACHO So far a great boot I haven't had these boots but two weeks. So far they're the best boots I've had. Very comfortable. I ordered them in wide bc I've found Timberland runs narrow on me and these fit great.
B000XEAJOK sad...boot shaft too narrow The bout itself was very attractive, however the shaft was so narrow I could not get my foot down it into the boot area.
B000XEEQAI fits great My boots showed up on time and fit perfectly. I read some reviews that said Timberland boots run narrow. I ordered the exact same size as my red wings and they are not narrow. I love them
B000XEEQAI sizing way off Love timberland boots. But sizing is way off on this style. Sooooo narrow and right.we even tried the nine wide and that doesn't fit either.
B000XEEW9S run narrow Quality boot but not as light as other reviews stated and narrow for 2E if there was a wider size I would consider this boot for the winter months.
B000XEH2JA Running a Little Narrow I have the exact same boots in brown, part # 1 digit off.  These are a good bit more narrow than the brown pair.  Maybe these were a factory second???  Otherwise quality met my expectations.
B000XEIZ7S Narrow This is not the boot for wide feet. The boot is extra long and narrow, even in a 3E. Other than that it seems like a fine boot.
B000XEKCRE good work boot Fits well on narrow feet, last Timberland PRO was too wide and hurt my feet, but they held up in cold weather and rain. This pair is much better.
B000XEKIUK Not bad Good shoes, very warm, waterproof, solid sole, look cool.Middle Width is too narrow for my feet.Rubs her feet.
B000XEKIUK great boot, poor service Great boots, but they run a bit narrow. I wanted to exchange mine for a bigger pair and there was no oprtion available on amazon other than returning and buying again for more money, so I exchanged them locally.
B000XEKIUK The right length, but in front of the narrow point! The right length, but in front of the narrow point!Different shoe size difference. A single shoe is larger, but the boots too small, especially width, I have bought the W version, but still narrow, a bit crowded foot.
B000XELF3O Boots are narrow for stated width. Boots seem a little narrow for stated width. I have had Timberland boots in the past and this is the first problem.
B000XELF3O narrow in the toes Excellent quality shoes but a little narrow in the toes for me. I sent them back and will try a different style.
B000XELF3O Not for wide feet !! I usually wear a wolverine guardian and figure i try the pit poss (cheaper ) . I made a huge mistake . This boot it very narrow at the front , i bought the wide size !stiff and very heavy . They seemed to be well built but for someone with tiny , narrow feet .
B000XETJU0 Love the boots!  They are a little bit narrow I should have gone with the wider size, they are a little tight in the toes, but I am VERY happy with the quality of these boots.  I think that even the toe space will work itself out as a break them in more (I only have had them for a couple of days).
B000XETJU0 Great boots........... I've had 5 or 6 pairs of these boots (in tan 13W) and I am a fan. Comfortable, light, and rugged and I like the pull-on loop in the back. This is my first pair in brown and the right boot is too narrow for me. It was OK for the first 2-3 days and then I felt pain and found my small toe bleeding through my sock. I think this may just be a boot that was made too narrow. I will try to return them but aside from this issue I would recommend them.
B000XEVJJO A little narrow. It took a day or two to break them in.  Lightweight and comfortable.  This is a great work boot for warm weather.
B000XEVLF6 too narrow seems like good shoes but quite narrow. i returned the first pair for wider size. new pair fits better.yes yes.
B000XEVLF6 SMALL AND NARROW GREAT SHOE AND WELL MADE BUT RUNS SMALL AND NARROW. PROBABLY BECAUSE OF THE STEEL TOE. IT IS VERY LIGHT AND I RECOMMEND IT...JUST ORDER A SIZE UP.
B000XEVM50 narrow the shoe was very light for a steel toe shoe!!! but, it fits very narrow.  i normally wear a medium and i had to send them back for a wide.
B000XEVM8W Runs narrow I ordered these shoes for my husband who wears a 14 EE.  That is what I ordered.  However, these shoes were too narrow.
B000XEX67M size I expected  10 1/2 2E to be similar to 10 1/2 WW but it was to narrow for my foot
B000XF04LM Great shoes! They are very comfortable, the wides are still a little too narrow, but it isn't that bad.  I highly recommend them.
B000XF04LM Way to narrow This shoes were way to narrow not sure what Wide is these days but this were far from it my toes were being mashed so bad.
B000XF04LM Good, but not for me These shoes would be excellent for someone with feet that would fit them.  My feet are narrow and hard to fit, so the shoes were too wide for me, and I returned them.
B000XF4D1Y I liked them even though i returned them. I had previously bought a 14w of the same boot. They were fitting a bit tight in the width so i ordered these to see if the 15 gave a little more width. They still were a little narrow and now too long. I would say these run narrow by at least a width.
B000XXGMRO not bad These boots are ok.  The sole wears out fairly quickly.  I ordered wides but they still are a bit too narrow.  I think Timberlands in general fit on the narrow side.  The leather is nice and supple.  They are also over priced for what they are even with the discounted prices on Amazon.  I would really like them if they were a bit wider and had reasonably durable sole.
B000YDOQS0 too narrow The build quality on this pair of shoes is fine but they are MUCH much more narrow than they indicate.  I ordered the standard M size and at the end of a simple drive to work my feet are going numb.  If you must have them, then order wider than your normal pair.  I've had to move on to a different pair, they're just too uncomfortable.
B000YT4AGW Slightly narrow I agree with the earlier review about the top being narrow. I need to use my fingers to 'help' my feet in. But the quality of the shoes are good.
B00110CR1S big kids size 6 boots i bought these boots for my nine year old son who is a cub scout that loves to hike.  his shoe size is a 4 and a half, but i wanted to buy a larger size so that they would last at least a year or may be two.  but i don't think that will happen.  these boots are great.  its just that they run small & are NARROW, VERY NARROW.  so if your out-doors kid has a normal to wide foot you may want to look else where.  this boot is made well and is water proof.
B0017017EU Good quality... Nice quality , but runs at least half size bigger than normal also is a little narrow,,,
B001708FZE Very Narrow! These boots were very cute, but they were way too narrow.  I have a wide foot and there was no chance my feet were getting in there.  So sad, because they looked very warm.  I ordered them from footwear headquarters and they took weeks and weeks to get here.  I should have just gotten them on Zappos.
B00170C4YM A bit of a disapointment The clog had a narrow base was hard to walk in. They weren't very attractive and I thought the heel would be higher.  I couldn't walk in them so I sent them back.
B001760K56 They run 1/2 size small and narrow--Which is great for me! Normally I wear a 7 in boots, occasionally a 6 1/2 . I have narrow feet and thin calves which makes it difficult to buy boots these days. Bought the 7 and had to exchange it for the 6 1/2 which fits perfectly. For those of you with larger calves there is a buckle and gusset to give you more room. They are well made, unbelievably comfortable and I expect I will wear them everyday this winter! Perfect height of heel as well. Love.
B001760K56 Beautiful boots!!!! I would give it a 5 but it is a little long at the toes and narrow at the ankles.  So if you have high arches like me, it may be tight putting it on....but overall...they are great and wonderful arch supports.
B001760K56 Foot runs long, narrow.  Shaft a lil tight.  Excellent leather. In short, the foot runs narrow and the toe room is an extra inch longer than usual.  I bought a 6.5B because most reviewers say to buy 1/2 size smaller or the lower end of the usual size.  They were too narrow and way too much toe room.  I just got the 5.5C today and it fits perfect!  So for me, it was at least one size smaller and wide width makes a better fit.  A little bit tight on the shaft but I have athletic calves.  I will only be able to wear sheer socks with these calves.  I recommend wide width if you have normal or are on the wider end.  Definitely buy one size smaller.  The comfort, style, and leather quality are superb!
B001760K56 An unusual fit so read the reviews It's important to read the reviews for the fit because they were dead on. I am typically an 8.5 sometimes a 9. My foot is wider but other than that I would say my foot length and calf size is average. I found the length to be longer and the width to be narrow. The ankle was snug but not uncomfortable. What I did not like was that the boot material seemed cheap and plasticy. I know they claim to be waterproof so maybe this is the reason but I prefer leather that appears to be of higher quality. I also did not care for the shape of the toe which was more on the pointy rounded side if that makes sense. So overall...if your foot is long and narrow...this is the boot for you.
B001760K56 Good solid pair of boots Very comfortable and got them for a great price. I thought they would be too narrow but they fit just fine and I can even wear them over my jeans.
B001760K56 NARROW Bought a 7M, and boy, these are friggin NARROW! I couldnt even get my foot in them. Im returning these right away. This is the strangest sizing i've ever come accross. They're also really long in the foot as it goes to a tip, almost looking like clown shoes.
B001760K56 Cute, but too narrow These boots were super cute, but much more narrow in the calf than the description said.  I ordered in a 9, and the length was good.  The width was good, but they were just WAY too tight when I zipped them up.  I needed some waterproof winter boots, and thought these were going to be perfect.....ended up returning these and going with Northface instead.
B001760K56 Mid-part of the leg area is too narrow I really liked the way the boot looked online and when I received it.  However, I had to return them because I could not pull the zipper up beyond the middle of my leg; that part of the boot's shaft is too narrow.  My legs are not chubby, but they are not skinny, either.  So, unless you have very skinny legs, you may not be able to wear these boots.
B001760K56 Fit even my difficult feet! I was apprehensive going with a Timberland boot despite knowing the excellent quality of the brand simply because I've tried on a few styles in the past and they've all been too narrow. In general, I have difficult feet to fit: wide with high arches, high instep, but narrow heel. I also have thick calves and am always a bit nervous with a tall boot like this. However, another reviewer mentioned having similar challenges and loved this boot so I gave it a go......and am happy I did! They fit snugly, but not pinching, have a wonderful arch support, and can zip all the way up (the top strap is adjustable). Now, there's absolutely no room to spare: I will not be able to wear thick socks or tuck my skinny pants into these, but that's alright with me. To be honest, I would like them a *touch* wider just for the breathing room but for gambling with my actual size (8 1/2) instead of ordering a size up they fit very well. The leather will stretch a bit over time too, so that's a plus.The only other reason I did not give a full 5 stars is because they are a bit too long for me, my big toe is about an inch and a half from the front of the boot. A size 8 would be too narrow, though, so I am happy with these as they are. Honestly, they're probably the best I can do aside from shelling out for custom-made shoes. Thank you Timberland! :)
B001760K56 runs long and narrow I wear a 9 1/2 med but reading the other reviews I got a 9 wide and it fits fine, still a little narrow but I know with time they'll stretch, in the thickness of the leather however was hoping for a bit more substance seems a little on the thin side for me, nice looking boot haven't had the chance to really wear them yet since it's still in the 80's outside, calf is snug,but not bad, and my calves are on the normal side so if you have even a little bit of a wide calf these won't work
B001760K56 Great boot RUNS BIG Great Boots but they do run LONG!  Extra room beyond your toes.  I am a solid size 7 - narrow foot.  These boots are great for narrow feet in arch and ankle area..  But they are long.  I had to return them for a smaller size.  The heal is higher than expected but of course not too high and very solid.  So the heal gives you some height without the cumbersome typical hurt your feet heal.  The leather is smooth and shiner than expected.  I hope they still have a size 6 or 6 1/2  - Really wish I could try these one - instead of ordering online.
B001760K56 Love boots but wish they were more narrow I chose this rating because I specifically read that these would be narrow. They fit at the calf the same as others that did not indicate a narrow fit. I do get a lot of compliments on them. The leather looks of good quality and they have a rugged and feminine look to them at the same time. Very versatile.
B001760K56 Too long and too narrow These boots are well-made and attractive, but they were too long and pointy for my taste. I ordered a 7 and a half and these felt like an 8 and a half, though I doubt my toes could have fit into the space available at the tip. The other thing I didn't like was that the boot felt stiff at the bend in front of my ankle. Maybe that would have loosened up over time, but there would have been a big wrinkle there. I returned them!
B001760K56 A little narrow I love the look of these boots but the toe box is a tiny bit tight for me. I'm hoping the leather stretches a bit.
B001760K56 No adult will be able to zip! The boot looks nice BUT... The shaft of the boot is ridiculously narrow. The ankle is very narrow as well. I have never had a problem with a boot being so narrow. Zipped it is approx. 14 inches. I have to say measure your calves before ordering this boot. I love boots and get a few pairs a year. I never had a pair that wouldn't zip, they have to go back!
B001760K56 Most Comfortable yet stylish boot I took advise from previous reviews. I have a size 9 foot that is narrow. I ordered a 1/2 size smaller (8.5) and a narrow. The boot slipped on and fit LIKE A GLOVE!! They are long and narrow in form so the 1/2 size smaller made them look and fit perfect. An average size foot will want a wider fit so make sure you order the medium or wide fit. I do have smaller calves so they fit beautifully. I believe you would have trouble with 17 calves. I wore em right out of the box and all day long. Better than any other boot or shoe I have ever owned. The boot has a softer leather than I thought. Almost suede like. Very nice and has a little stretch for comfort. I want to wear them all around for dress and getting dirty in the yard. The leather might stain in the dirt. I havent had them long enough to find out, but I dont care since the comfort is so amazing. I think I will buy another pair for a spare set for later.
B001760K56 The Best Boots Love these boots, originally got them in 9.5 from another site as couldn't find 10 - they were really narrow and the 10s were a Wide fit - perfect - compliments all the time, my husband even asked me if they did a men's version!!
B001760K56 Great fit & good quaility! I love my boots and wear them nearly everyday. They are very versatile and can be worn with jeans or a dress! A little narrow so I ordered them a little wide but other than that they are great!
B0019QWG2O Narrow ankle While these look like really sturdy and snow proof boots the ankle "space" was so narrow that it was very difficult to get the boot on the baby's foot (1.75 yrs). I returned them because of that and the stiffness of the upper that made it difficult for her to walk in them.
B001BFMX30 Runs narrow! I usually wear a D width. Bought these in a D. Painfully narrow. Had to return, otherwise a really lovely and well constructed boot.
B001EWFF30 Shoe feels too narrow These boots are too narrow and tight; perhaps the same size in a wide would fit better.  Quality looks good.
B001FA1IGY not fit well a bit narrow in the front of the toe and hard soles, any way i can accept this as a pair of boat shoes.
B001FA1IGY Nice shoe but size runs narrow These shoes appear to be well constructed and attractive. Unfortunately, the size 10.5 pair I ordered had to be sent back because they were so narrow I couldn't get the shoe on my foot.  Not sure if this was an isolated incident or true for all sizes... I chose not to reorder as there were no wider sizes offered. Bummer for me.  Your mileage may vary.
B001G8X4SU timerland thong sandals, a little narrow but comfy This sandal is very cute! super lightweight, well made, and very stylish.A little narrow though, the side of my foot hangs off some, and I dont have a wide foot- otherwise I'm very happy with this shoe, it is comfortable for long wearing and doesnt hurt between the toes.
B001GB379I I love the boots they're good boots just a little narrow ... I love the boots they're good boots just a little narrow bit they'll work. It's my fault for not ordering 13e.... All in all a really good pair of boots.
B001GB379I Not too bad It is pretty narrow and it doesn't really hold up to the wear and tear my husband puts it through. But not too shabby. He says other than being narrow, they are really comfortable. So if you're feet aren't super wide like his, you'll like them. And I don't think anyone can go through boots like he does. So it would be worth the money.
B001LNTO2A cozy boot I like these boots, have them in brown, they are warm and cozy for the winter but the toe is a little too narrow and feels uncomfortable squeezing my toes too close. Other wise they are warm, casual and cozy, may be more comfortable for someone with a narrow foot.
B001PBK87I They were made just for what I do. Walking on rocks everyday. Nice product would recommend it. The size is a somewhat larger than I thought, my feet are narrow but I still have room front and back of the shoe.
B001PUFSW4 Good fit This is my 2nd pair of Timberland PRO.  I accidentally order wide (my feet are more toward narrow), but they are a good fit.  Sometimes I think the safety shoes protection makes shoes a little more narrow.  I have plenty of toe room, without these feeling big.  I would definitely order another pair in the future.  Very satisfied.G.A.
B001SARJXC Great shoes . might be a little bit narrow Great shoes . might be a little bit narrow. but I'll manage with that.Thanks,Best regardsAlmog shany Eng
B001SARJXC better than the M 8.5 More like my last Timberland's in M width they had changed the last and when I ordered the M they were too narrow. I replaced with the W and they seem great.
B001SARJXC Not bad but After having these boots on for the first few times my legs began to hurt.  The top of the boot is so narrow it makes it very difficult to get your foot into the boot.  The narrow top constricted my ankles so much that they left an indentation in my lower shin on both my legs.  I have cut the fabric to make it wider and relieve the edge from cutting into my leg.  I have yet to wear them since I made the cut.
B001UE70IK For narrow feet These boots are nicely built but very narrow for a Big Kid's 6.  I'm regularly a size 7 in mens but most boots run big.  My exact measurements for my feet are 9 1/2 inches.  6.5 are a better fit for me but those are wide on me.  So if you have wide feet and is regularly a men's 7 then go with the 6.5.  The 6 might be too narrow and tight.  The 6 does fit perfectly length wise.
B001VNCKJ4 Great boot I love this boot.I always looks for lace boots with a side zipper.  I live in Japan so I need something I can remove/get on easily (no shoes indoors here) but I don't like the looks or fit of regular slip on or zipper boots.  The laced look has added benefit of being able to adjust the snugness.The boot (medium width) is slightly narrow, but I have narrow feet so no problem.  You may want to consider the wider fit if your feet tend toward normal/wide.These boots look REALLY good.  Can go casual hipster or even use as a dress shoe/boot.I highly recommend this product if this is the type of boot you are looking for.
B00295RHNM WAAAAAY TOO NARROW I could hardly get my foot inserted into the boot.  Returned it.  Too bad, because it looks like a nice enough boot.
B00295RHV4 NARROW!!! I have the Titans and purchased these because I believed they were a sturdier, waterproof version of the same boot. Ordered exactly the same size as my Titans (regular width), tried to wear them to work a couple times and they are WAY narrower.
B00295RIEU Narrow fit The shoes look good and liked their style.  However, I have a wide foot and even the wide width was too narrow.  The steel toe is a requirement for the construction site but when steel toe shoes are too narrow, it is really uncomfortable.  I ended up with the Nautilus shoes which were a little wider though I did try half a size bigger on both brands.
B002ASAJPG Good boots finally ... I had to return the original purchase because the boots proved to be way too narrow.  To me, the EE width seem more like the average width.
B002NEGCC6 A little snug. Good for me since I have a narrow foot. Nice Shoe! Very well made and comfortable. I would buy again.
B002NWZTTU Weirdly sized I ordered a 7.5, D width.  In most closed shoes I can wear a 7.5 medium, but in sandals I find I need to go wider.  However, these were still much too narrow - as well as being too long.  I'm going to see if there is an E width available; maybe those will work.  Cute, comfy, but for the narrowness.
B002PMURGI too narrow They are well made shoes ,but my feet are slightly wider than normal so I ordered the widw fitting.Unfortunately they are too narrow across the widest part of my feet and I am trying to stretch them
B002YOMJPY Nice in the City and Country. More narrow than normal. If there is something that needs improving it is the narrowness. My feet are 4.5 in wide and 10.4 tall. Compared to everything i wear it seems to be very narrow at the front. I prefer more pinky toe room. At the end of the day, my pinky is cramped and toes are unsplayed.As you see, this review is based on a 9.5 Medium. I exchanged my shoe to a size to size 10. It still has this &#34;narrow&#34; issue; I realized that the width was a small issue. Its has been 1 day of wearing it. I'm sure it will be better over time.It is a great quality shoe. Nice and supple leather. The shoe is very smooth and the quality is good for the price. People will strike with their heels when wearing these by the way it is built.The heel support is very adequate for heel strikers but forefoot walkers will have an awkward time. If you have a foot width of 4.5 in, consider going to a wider size.
B002YOMJPY Great Boot  - but pay attention to width Comfortable, easy to put on and off and water proof.  Make sure you get the wide versions unless you have really narrow feet.,  I would take a normal size 12 in any other boot or shoe but these run very narrow. I had to trade my in for the wide version.
B002YOMJPY fit is a little snug but great for a narrow foot these seem to wear well, fit is a little snug but great for a narrow foot. all in all nice shoe
B0034G54BM Narrow Footbed I wear a size 7 D width.  This foot bed was very narrow.They were gorgeous...I was so disappointed I couldn't wear them.
B0034G54BM Stunning boot This was a beautiful boot. But unfortunately it would not fit a 16.5 calf. Typically Timberland boots tend to run narrow, so I did order a wider width. Even with that change, I couldn't zip up.
B0034G54BM Cheap looking I was surprised at how cheap looking these boots were for Timberland brand. The leather was not a great quality and the shaft was cut very narrow as well as the foot. For the cost, they should have been much better. Sent them back.
B0034G54BM Me likey! I really like the boots. Very durable in rain and snow which is best time to wear.My only issue was the width. Even for a medium it was a bit narrow. I'm a bit flat-footed so they were a bit uncomfortable for me to wear at first. After a few times, everything was cool.
B0034G54BM Beautiful boot It is nice looking and comfortable.  But the main reason why I chose this boot is because others said it had a narrow calf.  Well, not narrow enough.  It still has a wide opening just like most other boots.  And if you snap the strap to the tightest hole, it is still pretty wide in my opinion and it gaps up, making the whole boot look funny.  So I took it to a shoe repair store today and asked if they could take it in.  They will take in the back seam in order to fit my calf  better.  I wear a size 11 shoe.  And I'm wondering why they would make the calfs bigger just because the foot is bigger.  Wish they would not do that.  Some of us are tall and thin!!!
B0034G54BM Great look but narrow foot Loved the look of these boots.  I got them in black and they were very pretty.  But I could barely get them on at all with a thin sock.  With a nylon I could get them on my foot, but the toe  box was very tight and uncomfortable.  I have had foot problems, and my foot is more medium to slightly wide.  So I wouldn't recommend these to anyone with a slightly wider foot.
B0034G54BM Beautiful Boots...but.... I guess I didn't realize how narrow they were going to be at the top. They were comfortable and fit perfectly around the foot but were just too tight on my calf. If they offered a slightly wider version I'd definitely try again but these just had to go back!
B0034G54BM Nice looking but narrow These are some nice looking boots; however, definitely go 1/2 or a whole size bigger because these are narrow on the toes, that's a lot for me to say since my feet are pretty narrow... These are not appropriate for wide feet.You will love them if you get the right size.
B0034G54BM Better now Based on the comments of others stating the boots were very narrow, I decided to get them in wide. Big mistake...sort of. It definitely fit better in the instep but the heel area and shaft were way too loose. Exchanged it for the regular width and it is narrow as others have commented. However, I like the fit better now and will get used to the snug instep.
B0034G558E fits like a glove Comfortable from the first moment I put them on. My foot runs narrow and the the laces and bucket make it easy to adjust. Not many stylish boots come in a narrow width so this is perfect!
B0034G558E I love these boots!!!! The length is right on.  They are a bit narrow and I have a narrow foot but they are breaking in nicely.  I bought skinny jeans to wear with them so around the calf is a perfect fit. You can loosen them all the way down if you need too. The laces are long enough to do so.  I get lots of compliments.  I don't have any problems with the tongue.  They are not water proof.  Water can get in any shoe or boot with a tongue.  Water does not go through the leather just the tongue.  These are a fashion boot not a snow boot.  I wear them every other day I like them so much.
B0034G558E Small for the size Supposed to be wide but feels more like narrow. Hopefully it will stretch a bit as I wear them. Little short than expected too.
B0034G558E These were nice boots they were just too narrow for me. These were nice boots they were just too narrow for me.  I had to return them but I am going to look for another style by timberland
B0034G558E Nice These boots looked really good in person. They were just a little tight for my small but wide foot. So I had to return them. I would recommend them for anyone with a narrow foot.
B0034G558E looks good, but too narrow I ordered the 6.5W, but the width is more narrow than my medium width boots.  I like how I could tighten the laces to support my weak ankles.  However, it is too narrow in the forefoot, the leather is stiff and there is no arch support.  Despite the pain, I kept them because I always get complements when I wear them.  They look great with dresses or skinny jeans.
B0034G558E Not a fan Color was a little cooler than pictured, more of a tan brown, than a chestnut.  The boot was quite narrow and uncomfortable too, despite being a wide size.
B0034G558E nice boots but not for me I ordered these boots in a wide width and sized up to an 8.5 there was absolutely NO way I could get my foot in them they run very small and narrow. It's a shame too cause they are awesome looking boots.
B0034G558E Runs narrow I read the other reviews about this boot running narrow, so I ordered a wide. I ended up returning both this and the Savin Hill Mid Lace Boot. Others might like the stiffness of the leather and heaviness of the boots but I didn't. They also didn't accommodate a high arch.
B0034G558E Gotta luv em! Others have stated that the boots are too narrow, and they're not what they've expected from Timberland, however, I weigh 250 lbs and have flat feet and the boots aren't too narrow for me.  No they're not construction boots, so if you're looking for construction boots, Timberland has a great selection - just not these...Love the boots!
B0034G55QG beautiful boot - ankle and toe is snug I loved the look of these boots. They are a good sturdy boot - could go nicely with jeans or longer skirts.  Beautiful color.I had ordered the C width after reading the other comments.I could barely fit my bare foot in my regular size - the ankle area is very stiff and narrow - the toe box is also more narrow than I would expect for a C width.I may try to get these a half size bigger - but that may not do it.If you have a narrow foot - you may want to try a C width.  Maybe I have big ankles too?
B0034G562O For narrow feet - give these time When I first tried them on I thought they were a bit uncomfortable and that they would hurt my feet if I wore them for any length of time but I wore them all day in the office and was surprised that my feet didn't hurt at the end of the day. I think they give the impression that they will hurt as there is not a lot of give in this shoe.  The leather around the toe is quite solid. The heel s stable but the sole is not hard and so I think it helps to cushion any impact from walking. They are quite narrow and thankfully I have medium to narrow feet and don't have any problems with the size. I usually wear a size 9.5 and I have the Earthkeeper boots in a size 10 which are a little big so ordered the 9.5 in these and they fit perfectly. They look great for the office and I like that they are a little different.  Good quality too.
B0034G5IPY **PLEASE READ THIS** -> VERY INPORTANT INFO...!!! Timberland makes AWESOME quality boots at great prices....I have worn them for years and never had problems.  I tend to be difficult to fit with narrow flat feet and these fit TERRIFIC!!**I'm so tired of seeing reviews from people that complain a boot or shoe is "too narrow" when it's actually sized PERFECTLY as these are - a normal B width.  **People that have wide feet need to purchase wide shoes -> and stop complaining that a boot or shoe doesn't fit correctly - I see it everywhere and it too OLD already!!  Otherwise there would be nothing left for us with narrow feet!!  (Same thing with small sized clothing, but that's another story...same idea though.)The boot not only feels wonderful but looks great, one of the few fashion waterproof boots that lives up top it's name and it's nice and warm!! (One would never know it's faux shearling).**TAKE NOTE: The boot advertised as "WHITE" IS A CREAM COLOR, DARKER THEN OFF WHITE EVEN!!  This needs to be fixed in the current description!!I LOVE these boots and can walk all day in them on any surface - extremely comfortable, affordable and attractive - The back lace up is very cool looking with a sort of "Mukluk" appearance!!Thank you Timberland & Amazon.com for making something nice that fits ME!! :)
B0034G5KAC My daughter 20 & I both love them. These are so comfortable. Order 1 size up from your shoe size. I normally wear a 7 1/2 & so I ordered an 8.The foot bed has nice support & the rubber soles w/ treads make them safe for walking. The shank is narrow (yea!!) Harder to find narrow shaft than wide in my opinion. We both have slender calves and ankles.
B0034G5KAC boots way to small and narrow.  I thought you could adjust the top and the ankel buckle but the leather is to stiff.  Very uncomfortable
B0034G5LBA nice look but uncomfortable I was looking for a nice pair of wedge boots for everyday use during fall and winter.  These boots are definitely a pair of nice looking boots but they feel like you are walking on a piece of wood all day long.....very hard and uncomfortable.  I bought scholls padded insoles and it helped a little but not much.  I still use them because in order to find out they were uncomfortable i wore them all day long to break them in and obviously now i can't return them used.  The toe portion is also very narrow but not a problem for me since i have narrow feet.  So i guess as long as i won't be walking much or on my feet all day they will have to do for now.One more thing, the top portion of the boot is very wide and shows through even with wide pant legs.  Not exactly what i was looking for......I expected more from Timberland.
B0034XRYQ8 Great Shoe...buy wider, cut is very narrow These are great shoes BUT they run very narrow so order a wider width than you normally would.  I wear a regualr wide width...these were a regular cut at best eventhough clearly marked wide on shoe and box.  i took them to a shoe repair and had themstretched rather than return because they were such a great value and perfect for work or casual wear.
B0035LD2X8 Not up to snuff! Leather seemed very thin.  Ordered 15 wide, but still seemed very narrow. Returned them....wasn't the Timberland quality I was used to.
B0038JCZ9Y Beautiful comfortable boot, but narrow width I first ordered my usual boot size 7, but it was way too narrow in the sole and I could barely get the zipper to zip over my ankle.  So I exchanged it for a 7.5 size and it fits much better.  My calf is a size 16" and fits in the 7.5 size boot with no additional room for skinny jeans, but might fit leggings.  I am keeping the boots because of the cute detailing around the top and to wear with short skirts and tights.  My advice is for narrow feet order your regular size, for average feet order a half size up, and for wide feet order a full size or more up.  My feet dimensions at the widest and longest points are 3.75 (which is in between the average and wide standard rating) inches by 9.25 inches.  For more info on shoe width [...]  Other than that they are very comfortable flexible leather with padding in the sole.  It is a dark chocolate that matches the web picture.  I am 5'4" and the boot reaches just below my knee.  Can be dressed up or down.  Seems like it is decent quality too.
B0038JD1UG fleece lover okay so i'm giving this boot a 5 star because IF you get the right size it should be a great boot.  i am normally a 7.5-8, so i got the 8B(m) to be safe.  with just normal thickness socks i couldn't even get it on!!  first off it is SUPER narrow, so if you have an even remotely wide foot, defineitly get the C/D width.  also because of all the furry fleece inside go up a half size especially if you want to wear thick socks.  had to send these back and decided to go with the granby tall boot in a 8.5 C/D and it is a perfect fit.  the boot is killer overall being waterproof, cozy, and super durable.  just be aware of the small/narrow sizing and go up a bit.  i have never ordered a 8.5 in my life, so trust me when i say this boot runs small.
B0038JD1UG Great comfy boots I just received these boots, and I'm SO happy with them.  Good looking, cozy feeling, and they fit my very hard to fit foot extremely well.  I'm just amazed at how good they feel on my feet and how well they fit!  Almost unprecedented!  I usually wear size 8 to 8.5 narrow, not because I have narrow feet, but because of having low insteps/arches, so I need narrow to fit the instep area, then have to stretch out the rest of the shoe to fit my medium width foot.  I ordered a size 9 in the boots, though, based on other reviews, and they're perfect!
B0038JD1UG so narrow! I had high hopes for these boots given that they are waterproof and would be perfect for New England winters, but unfortunately even the wide size is too narrow. An even bigger problem is that the sole of the boot is extremely narrow, and because it has a slight heel to it, I could easily see myself accidentally twisting my ankle. This would be a great, durable, and environmentally friendly boot if the sole and width are improved.
B0038JD1UG Should not have listened to other reviewers! I normally would not take the time to write a review but this time I think it is important. I live in Spain and ordered these boots to be sent to a friend who was coming to visit me. Obviously, making an exchange or return is difficult or nearly impossible for me. So, I read the reviews and saw several comments about the boots being really narrow and that you should get a larger size. I am a 39 in Europe which is an 8.5 in this boot. I ordered a 9 based on all the "these boots are really narrow" remarks. Just thought I would let you know, that I SHOULD have ordered my actual size which is an 8.5. The boots are too big and "dance" around on my feet. I have to wear two socks and my heel still slides around. They are narrow, but I dont think you need to worry about that unless you have had problems with your feet being too wide before. I have never had that problem, so I guess my feet are "normal" and I should have just stuck with my size. I think they may have felt a bit tight if I would have gotten an 8,5, but they will form to your foot with wear.  So yea, I would definitely recommend NOT getting a size higher unless you have a wide foot!Other than that, warm, comfortable, and exactly what I wanted: a pair of waterproof boots that did not scream "WINTER BOOTS" that I could pack for my winter vacation and use every day.I like them enough that I am seriously considering buying another pair in my actual size... *sigh* should not have listened to previous reviews...
B003A67X5G Good shoes These shoes have served me well over the past year. The sizing was a difficult for me to figure out. The length was right, but the width was too narrow. I've worn them to work (standing up in a restaurant for 40hrs/wk) fir a year now and they have only minimal signs of wear (the elastic in the gusset is unraveling) but my small toe on my right foot has begun to show signs of minor nerve damage (presumably from the shoes being too tight). Periodically I will experience a stabbing pain in this toe.I figured the shoes would stretch enough over time that this issue would go away but it hasn't. I just ordered a pair of this same model in a wide size, so hopefully that will alleviate the problem. It's a great shoe, but the normal sizing runs narrow for my feet.
B003AZZJLW Excellent Great show ... love the look and feel.  I only marked this a four because the heel is a bit more narrow than I would prefer.
B003AZZJYY Narrowness These boots are very well made and even though I ordered the wide size, they were just too narrow for my feet. I was very well pleased with the order service from Amazon and there was no problem returning the boots for a refund.
B003ELOYEA Beautiful...but runs small These boots are gorgeous!  I'm just sad that I will have to return them and order a larger size.  I am a true, narrow 7.5 and my toes were extremely scrunched.  They are a perfect fit for narrow calves.  I'm going to take my chances with ordering a whole size larger, 8.5 and see if I will have a some extra room, especially if I need to wear thicker socks...although the fleece lining makes them very warm. Overall, they seem like they will be very comfortable once the size is right.
B003ELOZSU Comfy and warm, great for narrow feet warm, lightweight and cozy. I love them. they look so cute with skinny pants tucked in and the top laces loosened. Perfect for trudging through snow with the kids!I have a narrow foot with little/ no arch. I ordered a 1/2 size bigger than normal and the boots fit wonderfully. They may not be for you if you have a very wide foot or a high arch
B003ELOZSU Lovely but a bit narrow I like the appearance but I think it runs a bit narrow. I ordered a size 6 (being a size 6). The boot has somewhat thick lining along the inside which I believe contributes to it feeling narrow even though I have very narrow and thin feet. At first I thought ordering a size larger would fix the problem but upon further inspection I realized the length of the boot felt right; if I ordered a size larger my foot would probably slide back and forth inside the boot leading to blisters. I then decided to wear the boots inside the house for a little while to see if I got used to the tight feeling; eventually the narrow feeling disappeared (I assume once the lining flattened down a little). I will probably be wearing thin socks with these boots which I don't expect will be a problem since the boots alone feel very warm.I think if you have feet that aren't very narrow you might have problems with these boots even if you order a size larger.
B003HKRGUM Narrow but Nice I say that these boots are narrow because I am a woman who purchased the 8.5 (in brown w green fabric) for myself - I got them locally. I usually wear a 9.5 womens and the 8.5 fits me well. I would expect for a man, they might be on the narrow side. These have a sweet vintage styling that is not typical and they are kind of padded and warm. I haven't worn them outside to say for sure just how warm they are but I think they'll be a good all-around winterish boot. Nice sticky sole too.
B003HLI3B2 Tiny bit narrow I love these shoes!  Very comfortable and cute.  My only complaint is that they are a tiny bit narrow right at my pinky toes.  Perfect everywhere else, so I don't think going up a size would work unless I was also to add tights or stockings... and it's not too bad anyway.  I can still wear them comfortably all day.
B003HLI3B2 review It fit tight and I have narrow feet. The reviews read different than the true fit. It would be very nice but slightly to tight..
B003TFEA5O Timberland Didn't like, they looked like rustic barn boots - they fit true to size, but a little big in the heal and I have narrow heals.Nice quality boot though, just not the look I was going for.  They are also very stiff at the top of the foot so it was very bulky there.
B003TFEA5O A bit narrow and takes a few break-ins, but worth it I'd been eyeing this boot for years. Had it on my Pinterest board for a couple winters, searched religiously for good deals, etc. but never took the plunge. This past fall I found it on Amazon for about $80 and knew it was time to go for it.It's gorgeous. The leather is quality, the suede shaft has just enough slouch, the color is rich and goes with everything.Yes, the footbed is narrow, but I found the length true to size. I have narrow feet with bunions, and it took quite a few wears for it to feel truly comfortable. Even now, I wouldn't say that it feels like I'm wearing sneakers... but boots are not sneakers. I wear a size 7 in boots of most brands (Franco Sarto, Lucky, etc) but I ordered a 7.5 and I'm glad I did because of the narrow width. I've worn it in a few Chicago snowstorms and it still looks great, and I've gotten a ton of compliments on them.
B003UFJCP6 Runs narrow Shoe looks good, I get a lot of compliments. However, the shoe runs narrow and the support is non-existant. I like the look, it is easy to take care of, but the fit is a bit odd.
B003URP5JQ Lovely boots...but These boots look very nice and comfy, but they are very VERY narrow.I'm normally 10.5 or 11 m and I bought these 11 W to save a little room, but they are very narrow. It's a shame Timberland doesn't take care of these little details, they used to be very confortable even in M sizes. I have to sell them cause I just don't fit in. (fortunately I found a buyer)
B003VJWJ1U narrow I like the shoe and they have the usual Timberland quality but this is a very narrow shoe. The toe box is a little crowded. If you wear a wide, you may to even go up a size beyond that.
B003VMUFCC Stompin' Boots This is a great looking boot. It was just too narrow for my sons foot. I had no problem returning for a full refund.
B003VN6688 Timberland Earthkeepers Vintera Oxford RED & OLIVE I ordered the Timberland Earthkeepers oxfords in several colors--red and olive/brown. The olive/brown fit pretty well except for brown leather toe box is shallow and was a little stiff when new; it has softened up with wear and more comfortable now. The red pair are equally cute but do not fit the same. They are more narrow and red leather toe box is shallow and stiff but has not softened over time. Wish I had returned them before attempting to wear. The insole says "anti-fatigue" but they make my feet ache! I cannot wear the red pair longer than several hours before kicking them off. Overall, I'm giving 4 stars...I like the retro style. I recommend the olive oxford if you can still find it, but not the red oxford because of the narrow fit. If you have a more narrow foot, they may work for you. The red were ordered from Amazon for under 35 bucks, the olive ordered from Zappos, which I paid 20 bucks more for.
B0049N3S58 Narrow Somewhat narrow across the widest part of the foot heel fits wished there was more width. Heel is comfortable at this point.
B004J2HSIC Decent GTX boot. Did not fit narrow in the size that I received.  Comfortable.  Haven't tested durability as I have multiple pairs of boots so I have not worn these often.
B004J2HSLY very good!!! true to size, slightly narrow but my father has wide feet (this item was a gift). extremely comfortable, waterproof. best purchase
B004K22QM4 Sizing Needs ReDesign To Match the Quality Great boot-rugged and built for the outdoors. Very well constructed of high quality materials and with excellent build quality. They started with comfort in mind with the excellent bed pad,supple leather, etc. but dropped the ball on sizing. Be advised that this boot has a NARROW toe box, and length was NOT over sized as most boots are nowadays. If the toe box had been wider I would have re-ordered a half size larger, but the narrow toe box means a return for me. Three star boot; with better sizing it would be a five star.
B004K22W2S Weird sizing, unable to find a pair to fit. Terrible product. Quality not all that good, and boots were EXTREMELY narrow but also way to long. I take an 11, but I couldn't even get my foot in those, boots too small. So I ordered a pair of 12s, and they were too tight to get my (regular measurement) feet in across the heel/middle, but then about 1&#34; too long, leaving silly amount of surplus space at the toe. Avoid, or have them fitted at a store before ordering online.
B004K66PAE Sooo Comfortable I was looking for a nice stylish comfortable and durable boot and stumbled upon this boot.  I read all the reviews and had to buy it... I have to say they are so comfortable and the liner is a nice pattern too.  Even thought the heel height is a little high for me but they are so comfortable.While reading the reviews about the size, I decided to get a 6 W as everyone mentioned it ran a little narrow.  The 6W is perfect, fit liked a glove!  I am pretty picky with my shoes as I find some brands makes shoes really narrow so most of my shoes are are from Steve madden and a 6 is usually not a problem with a few exception where the shoe might be a little more on the narrow size.This certainly was a great purchase and I even want to get another color...
B004KQ4IWG Had to return the item - shucks! Beautiful boot!  However, it is for narrow feet.I needed it slightly wider or my feet would not feel comfortable wearing them forextended periods of time!They don't offer Wide.
B004KQ4IWG Happy with purchase! These are beautiful boots. The color I got was dark brown which is pretty darn close to the photo pictured if not a little richer if seen in person. I normally wear a 7M and took the advise of other reviewers and sized up to a 7 1/2 . Glad I did because I have narrow feet I was worried they would be to big but the toe box seemed just perfect so I know with a 7 my toes would have been squished. However the heel part felt a little loose but then I put on a regular sock and it fits great. So if you have narrow feet as I do and intend on wearing socks with these boots you shouldn't have a problem with sizing up. Just remember they run a bit narrow so if you get your regular size you probably won't be able to wear a sock and your toes maybe squished.
B004KQ4IWG Awesome but narrow I love how these shoes look, especially the little detail on sides. But the toe of this shoe is very narrow. I tool 6.5 Medium. I could not manage to walk in them so had to return them.
B004KQ4IWG Small and Narrow The color was just as pictured and the boots are quiet to walk around in which is nice. The zipper at the top poked my leg and the boots were just too small and narrow so I had to return them right away. Otherwise they are very high quality, well made and look great.
B004L32PFU Disappointed I bought these for my S.O. for Christmas...ordered 9.5 D, but they are too narrow. They hurt his feet. He's already worn them out so we cannot return. I suggest either ordering an E width (if you usually wear D) or order a different pair of boots.
B004LL1ELS Felt narrow These felt really narrow but that could be because I have a high instep. I had to return them. Good looking, quality-constructed shoe though.
B004NRYO0S Well Built, But Runs Small These are a really well made boot but they seem to run a little small and narrow. I typically just wear a size 11 in women's, but after reading the reviews I decided to order them in a wide and am I ever so glad that I did. Even in a "wide" these boots are little narrow, I feel like with some good wearing they'll break in well but they are as I said narrow. I suggest to most people that you buy the wide version of this boot. The color is a little lighter than the picture shows (I bought the gray/black) but that isn't bothersome, the laces allow for a good fit but I suggest you stand while lacing them to get them into the right shape. The whole inside of the shoe is lined and feels sturdy.
B004NS0SBG nice looking, but way too narrow for comfort Stylish and comfortable boot -- except for being too narrow.  I rodered a W side, and one size larger to include space for inserts.  Not spacious enough.  Back they went, a pity.
B004PAPNYY Too Big Bought for my son. These are much too wide for his face unfortunately, the overall build of the product is very good though, he didn't have the option of finding a pair in a store to measure but if you have a narrow face then this is not for you
B004PNE720 returning them absolutely terrible. feels like the crambed a bunch of s*** into a titan boot shell. really tight in the toe box an i have a very narrow foot. just terrible
B004REL8TW Even though this boot runs somewhat narrow, I'm giving it five stars, because this is what I was looking for. I was looking for a girls winter boot that fits a size 8.5 foot, but runs somewhat narrow.  I don't like to purchase women's shoes for children. They are too wide in the heel, and are more costly than is necessary for child's shoe that will likely be outgrown in less than a year anyway.  They are is cute as the picture shows, and they really keep my outdoor-kid warm in the cold.
B0054HM5AM Too Narrow The shoe is well made but there is a rubbery toe cap and, although I bought a wide width, my small toe was in a great deal of pain within a few hours.
B00552O1PS Uncomfortable, good slip resistance Wouldn't recommend for long hours. They took weeks to break in and the were ok length wise but felt narrow to me and I have average to narrow width feet. After a few months I couldn't take it anymore I just bought a different brand from famous footwear.
B0056QW98E Narrow in T-strap area!!! Shoe is too narrow in the T-strap area. Not really anyone's fault..it's a problem you run into when ordering offline, can't try it on.  Will be returning hopefully for a wide!
B00590KXH6 Nice, but run narrow I had to return them, a WW is generally what I wear, but some of the other reviewers said they ran wide, which they don't.  Really cute and made of good material, though.
B00590WN4C Not for narrow feet These are extremely attractive, but fall short in fit.  I have narrow feet and there was A LOT of extra space around the toe strap.  Also, the heel to toe drop is odd, it doesn't allow the entire foot to rest on the shoe.  Since they were so cheap on Amazon and I liked the style so much, I reorded them 1/2 size smaller.  That helped with the toe strap problem enough that it doesn't look bad, but it's a little short and the arch is way off.  Since the toe is so rounded, my toes hang over a bit.  I don't think I will be able to wear them for extended periods of walking, but they will do for other times of limited activity.  True to Timberland Earthkeepers, the footbed is VERY comfortable...if only the fit was right!
B00591MPAI They run narrow! My husband bought these for me and they are gorgeous however they run really narrow! But other than that they are awesome!
B005BWB2QI This is narrow for a "wide" shoe Unfortunately, buying shoes online is a risky endeavor.  You never quite know how they will fit.  I find this shoe narrow for a &#34;wide&#34; and can only wear it for short periods of time, like taking out the trash, or to run a short errand.  I won't buy them again.
B005FHWT5C Narrow feet Purchased these for my 9 year old daughter who has narrow feet.  It's sort of difficult to fit her without trying on the shoe.  She loves the style but will need to grow a little over summer to have a comfortable fit.
B005FI1VE6 Just right. I thought my son's narrow feet might slide forward, but there is no problem.  Easy for my child to do himself.
B005FM5Q3O Great for narrow feet! My four year old had very narrow feet which makes buy shoes especially sandals difficult. I am also picky because I want a closed toes sandal for her as these are her go to shoes for the summer.  The three straps make it easy to get a good fit on her narrow feet and I feel comfortable letting her run and play in them without hurting her toes.
B005I6RZXG Timberland shoes These shoes have a great cushion sole, but I need narrow ,and that's not available . Too bad narrow size isn't offered.
B005I6RZXG a bit narrow A bit narrow but I'm sure they will break in well.  I currently have a foot injury so I'm taking it slow.  Very attractive and supportive.  These will be great for work.
B005I6RZXG Too Tight Elastic I have a medium sized foot and I could not get my foot in the shoe because the opening is so narrow. And I had chosen a wider size to wear with socks - very thin cotton socks!  I did not want to go through the hassle of returning these shoes so I cut out the wedge of elastic and then I was able to fit into shoes, still with effort and a shoehorn.  Once on, they were comfortable to walk around in. Because of the too narrow opening, I don't think I could recommend these shoes.
B005I6RZXG Runs narrow Love the shoe but lucky I have a narrow feet because this shoe is tight on me. After a few wears it has loosen but my advice is to get the width bigger
B005I6Z4JI A little loose for me. Let me preface this review with my foot is narrow for a size 12.  I have the Timberland PRO Men's 40008 Mudsill Low Steel-Toe Lace-Up in 12M - the fit is just a little larger than I'd like, but not too bad.  So, I hoped the Helix would fit the same.  It is close enough to the same length, but looser around the arch and ankle.  I put in in-soles to snug them up and will try that for a while to break them  in.  This boot may fit a typical size 12 width , but if your foot is narrow you may want to stay away.  I know manufacturers vary, so if this information helps, I wear Asics running shoes in 12.5M and they fit fine.  Overall, the boot seems well made.
B005I6ZCYU Gets narrow at toe. Wished this shoe didn't get so narrow at the toe. Very light and comfortable except the toe room lacks. Have another pair of timberland but unfortunately style discontinued. Shipping took too long.
B005I6ZCYU A little too narrow. A little more narrow than can be considered comfortable.  Hopefully, they will stretch out some.  Too late now, I guess.
B005LCQYYS Great shoes but runs narrow These are a great and stylish pair of shoes. They have great traction and are extremely light. Great for light trekking. Only compliant is that they are a tad narrow but I admit that my feet are a little wide.
B005MI8CPK Way too narrow Good looking boot, but the sizing is terrible. After reading other reviews I bought a size smaller than I normally buy. 8.5 instead of 9.5...the length was perfect, but shoe was soooooo narrow I could barely get it on, and I don't really have wide feet.Any other shoes I have are normal width, but these were very slim.Purchase and return process was very easy and good customer service.
B006T307QE Timberland PRO's do it for me again!  Great boots.... More like 4 and half stars.These boots fit like a glove.  I thought it was a bit narrow at first but after breaking them in for several days now, they've seemed to mold to my feet better.  It can only get better.  Definite props on the anti-fatigue technology.This is my first Hyperion model boot.  Had the TITAN model before and loved them.  Haven't had the luxury of testing out the alloy safety toe.  I was a bit nervous at first that the toe box was kinda small.  But it is fine.  If you have long &#34;finger toes&#34; then I suggest bumping up a half size even though your normal foot size might smaller.  If you can, best to try and find these at a workwear store and try 'em before you buy 'em.PROS:- easy lace- solid design- good arch support- anti-fatigue techCONS:- very stiff overall and will need some good hard break-in.  Not very easy to drive with if you have a small car until they're broken in or you just have a pair of regular shoes to trade off.- narrow at first.  if you are borderline wide feet and have been getting away with D size then go bigger.- not sure where the breathability is but it gets pretty warm in these boots.  Unless you're outside all the time (i'm only 50/50) then chances are your feet are gonna sweat a little.I think these boots are great so I recommend them.
B006ZGV9LM Yes narrow but beautiful boots! I think it's important to stress that yes, these are narrow boots and yes, they are for narrower calves. With that being said I ordered up a half a size and I ordered the wide (have never ordered a wide in my life) and I absolutely LOVE these boots. They are a great way to still be casual but look a little dressy and put together. Give them a shot, just make sure you order up AND pay attention to calf circumference...it's pretty much right on the mark.
B006ZGV9LM Pretty and Practical; Runs Narrow For a waterproof, cold weather boot, these are quite stylish and fun.I'm normally a size 7, but had to go to a 7.5 W.  They run very narrow and just a bit short.  If you have high arches, you might find that you'll need an insert.  As other reviewers have noted, these boots fit very closely around the calf.
B006ZGV9LM Runs small I have a very narrow foot and heel and I almost shipped them back!  But after a week or so of breaking them in, they now fit nicely!  But if you have a normal to wide foot I would definitely go up a 1/2 size...They are gorgeous !!!!  I love that they are waterproof with a nice heel that is not too high for a long day on your feet.
B006ZGV9LM Run small and narrow Love how they look, but they are very narrow and uncomfortable. I usually wear a 9 or 9.5 W. I ordered a 9.5 W and they are way too small. So disappointed.Run
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful shoes - too narrow The reviews on these shoes were great and since I'm moving to Chicago I was looking for some boots that would hold up in the weather and look nice at work. I have wide feet so I ordered the wide size but even so, they were too narrow. The length was appropriate (I wear a 7.5 and they were true to size in that direction). The material and color are beautiful and I like the heel and the sturdy soles, but I will have to return them.
B006ZGV9LM So disappointingly short and narrow! Beautiful boot...wanted to wear, but sadly had to send back....twice! Ordered up and wide the second time and still too short and narrow. I don't have wide feet and I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 and even the 9.5w didn't work :(
B006ZGV9LM Not good Sad the boot runs really narrow and small at the same time. Great color and nice leather . What a shame had to return them.
B006ZGV9LM Very nice boots! Very narrow...will break-in I bought a size 8, like I have with all my other Timberland boots, and this one fits very differently. Very narrow across the toe. I don't think that going up a size would even help because that would only increase the length of the footbed... not the width. But in any case, I wore these around the house and they were pretty darn painful to wear. Not going to lie. BUT... they broke in within a few hours. Now I've been wearing them every day without any pain at all. I think the leather needs some time to conform to your foot. If you have a very wide foot, these will definitely not work for you. If you have a normal width foot, I would suggest getting your normal shoe size, or a half size up and letting the boots &#34;break in&#34;. Very cute boots overall!
B006ZGV9LM Too small in feet and calf I often go for boots with a wide calf, although I'm really right in the middle between needing a wide and going with regular boots and letting them stretch over time. These were definitely too tight, and way too narrow on my very average, leaning toward narrow sized feet. Returned!
B006ZGV9LM boots I love the style of these boots.  I love Timberland boots.  I love that these are waterproof, super comfy foot bed & well made.  I have a very narrow foot & I ordered up a 1/2 size based on all the reviews.  The foot fit, was narrow but the shaft is way too tight.  I wore them around the house hoping to break in but they are way too restrictive...my foot even got a little tingly, poor circulation.  I considered taking them to a leather shoe store to stretch the calf.They are available in a wide...it is a consideration to exchange but I'm worried the shaft will fit the same.For now, I am exchanging for a different boot entirely.  If that one doesn't work out I will try these again, a FULL size larger & in WIDE (c/d).
B006ZIGRXA large around ankle and heel I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this boot and I knew that Timberland boots run narrow around the front of the foot. I don't have wide feet at all though so I just decided to purchase a half size up. Although I do love these boots, the front of the boot is still somewhat narrow and sometimes my foot feels squished. Unlike my ankle  and heel which have enough room to dance around. Timberland needs to widen the front of their boots just a tiny bit and make the ankle area smaller!The extra room hasn't been a problem really, I can just feel my ankle moving a lot more than I would like while I walk. I am going to try to use inserts to fill in a little more space in there but I'm not sure how that will affect my slightly squished toe.Great boot overall though, definitely sturdy and well made, I feel safe walking through the snow and puddles with them. The calfs are wide also, which was good for me with 16&#34; calfs.
B006ZIGYVU Nice looking but cut very narrow Nice looking boot, like the quality and design.  However, I purchased a half size larger and wider and it is still a narrow fit.  I will not be able to wear thick socks, only thin trouser socks.  I'm still debating about returning them but I really like the look.  I have purchased another timberland style and the fit was great so this was a bit disappointing.
B006ZIGYVU NARROW These are incredibly narrow.  The Wide is narrow.  Too bad, because they're really cute.  Unwearable though, and must be returned.
B006ZIGYVU Stylish and waterproof Great looking, stylish, casual leather boots for wet weather. Soles are really grippy with good treads. These boots definitely run narrow, which is great for me, since I have a very narrow foot. I'm normally a size 11AA and I ordered the dark brown in size 11M. They fit fine with medium weight hiking socks. Super heavyweight socks would make the forefoot a bit too snug.
B006ZIJ0PW Timberland Boots Beautiful boots.  Very stiff.  A little narrow, I'm hoping they will stretch out.  They are very difficult to get on.  Good grip on the sole.  My biggest complaints is that they are tight and they don't go all the way to my knee, upper calf only.
B006ZIJ0PW great quality & style, good fit but runs narrow I love Timberland boots and I love this boot, too. The thing that people need to know about Timberland is that they run narrow, not short. In fact, I usually wear a size 6 but often times, depending on the manufacturer, I have to go down to a 5.5 because the shoe runs a bit long. This is always the case with Timberland for me. However, because their shoes run narrow, I have to order a Wide width. I don't have narrow feet by any means, but I have never ever in my life worn a wide width--except for with Timberlands. So, suck up the ego about ordering a wide width and just do it, you'll be glad you did. Otherwise, just order in your normal size or go down a half size if you are in-between sizes like me. (You could just order your normal size if you plan on wearing with thick socks.)Also, everyone should also know that the brown boot pictured here does not look anything like the color it actually is. This turned out to be great news for me because what I really wanted was an olive drab colored suede boot but I couldn't find one, so I decided to settle for this brown. Well lo and behold, it's actually olive drab! Yay for me! Not-so-yay for anyone who truly wants a brown boot. Oh, and I think another reviewer commented about how they hate the outside zip. Well, I love it. I think it gives the boot some edge and it's a cool style feature. To each his own!
B006ZIT6QA Very nice boot, but runs too narrow I was looking forward for these super nice boots to arrive and when I finally tried them on, they looked as good as I expected them to. Unfortunately they run a little too narrow for my feet, so after a careful decision I choose to send them back, because I couldn't have worn them a whole day - not even with the thinnest socks.Too bad, because I love the style of these boots.
B006ZITF7U Love these boots! They fit perfectly with socks (I do have a narrow foot) and are very comfortable.  I've only had them for a week and have worn them several times already.
B006ZJ2ZUI narrow These boots are just adorable.  I waited for you all to get another size 11 and ordered them right away.  They are narrow and quite hard to put on and take off.  The little tab in the back is not very helpful because you can not get a finger through it.  Nice look but I will be returning these :(
B0070ZBUES narrow shin area This is a beautiful boot but my 8-year old with a size 3 foot could not even get into a bigger size 4. The shin and ankle area is way too narrow and there's no way to open it up.I really wanted it to fit as the boot looks great and seemed well built. If it had a zipper or expanding collar it would have been perfect. Oh well, back it goes to Amazon.
B007133XSU Beautiful, perfect - except not for fat toddler feet These boots are so beautiful, I wish they made them in adult sizes! Bought them for my toddler (almost 2) who still has chubby little toddler feet and they are too narrow. Could not get her foot in even though they have a zipper all the way down the side for easy access. Wish they sold a wide size. Also seem to run a bit small in length. Bought her an 8.5, though she typically wears an 8, and she could probably fit in a 9 if they weren't so narrow!
B0072AFBKK Narrow boot Shoe runs narrow, this is a nice looking light weight boot. I think it will be a good work boot
B0072AFBKK Fits like a narrow My son has normal width feet but these were exceptionally tight on him. Had to return to them for a refund.
B0077H7MD2 great boots I would have given these five stars except that there seems to be a little 'ledge' where the bottom of the boot comes together with the uppers, right at heel height. It doesn't hurt, just wish I didn't feel that as it is a bit uncomfortable. They are also fairly narrow, so not for a wide foot.
B0077SY810 1/2 size bigger BUT VERY NARROW I have 5 timberland boots and they all run 1/2 bigger and usually a little on the narrow side but usually break in quickly and are fine BUT these are super narrow so order the E width and you should be fine.Great looking boots that looks aged after 2-3 times of use.Nice padded ankle area on the premiums.
B0077SY810 Great but a tad narrow Fast shipping. Quality product. Even the shoelaces are cool. I really like the leather and they're very comfortable on the heel. The grip on the bottom is superb. They are a bit narrow but some breaking in should do it. I wear a 11 1/2 and ordered 11 D. The length is right however I do have a wide foot so it is tight on the sides. This is not keeping me from sending the boots back. The zipper is great for getting out & keeping the laces up. Perfect for the airport. Lastly they are super cool. Very Indiana Jones and Ernest Hemingway. I'm looking forward to starting the cycle of getting them roughed up in the field -- and then having them polished on the tips at the airport-- and then roughing them up again!
B008KLEYLM Comfortable but a little narrow This shoes are made well and look great.  I am hoping they will give a little as they are a bit narrow.  Otherwise I am very happy with them!
B008M2ZFQW A little narrow I have wide feet, and these are a bit narrow for me, but I believe the size 10 1/2 pair I bought is the correct length.
B008M4UN2Q Wonderful style, rather small I love the style of this shoes, but as others already wrote: It is quite short and narrow.
B008M4UN2Q They fit fine but just barely I wear a 9 and ordered a 9. They fit fine but just barely. My feet are not wide, more on the narrow side. Love timberland no matter what.
B008M4UN2Q very narrow These fit narrow and small.  I had to send them back.  I purchased the FitFlops instead and love them.  So much more comfy.
B008MHR6D2 GOOD LOOKING I WISH TIMBERLAND WOULD MAKE BOAT SHOES IN A EE WIDTH.HAD TO RETURN THEM AS THEY WERE TOO NARROW.HOWEVER ITS A VERY NICE SHOE AND MADE WELL
B008N6Y9BO Runs narrow If you have a very narrow foot this shoe will work for you. I have a medium width foot and had to have them stretch in the width.
B008N6YRCK Beautiful and very comfortable Very beautiful and comfortable and appear to be very well made. Great for wider feet, but may be too wide for narrow feet.
B008N6YRCK Too narrow at toe area Nice looking and feeling shoe except where the straps cross over toes at the very front. Maybe my toes are just wide, though that hasn't been a common problem for me with other 9 medium styles. Sending them back since they would cause pain with extended wear.
B008N6YRCK Front straps are slightly big I loooove the shoe but the front straps were a bit too big for my feet which are not unusually narrow.  Would be great if they came in a narrow fit.
B008N7H654 Good all around walking shoe A bit narrow in front but comfortable and versatile.  I would recommend these shoes,especially for the price which is cheaper than Merells.
B008UQ6VPO Poor fit Too narrow in the front, wider width in the heel.  Makes for a very difficult fit.  They kept falling off of my son's feet.  What a disappointment.
B008VAQ1UY Too narrow. The shoe looks great and seems to be very good quality. The length was true to size, but the shoe was too narrow.
B008VPU0GK Too narrow The 13W size was too narrow and I returned these boots. These are not especially wide; I have difficulty finding wide; length was OK.
B008VS5S00 Might be better from narrow feet The first pair of these I got looked like they had been worn, the second pairs looked even worse! I thought bought of them were a ran a bit bigger(in length) than needed and very narrow. The sandal over all seems to be a good idea for hiking in wet areas(and for narrow feet). If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't buy at all.
B0090X4EJQ One Star narrow
B009OL2L94 Boot narrow but sold as wide Boot was advertised as 11 W, which lead me to assume W stands for wide, but boot was narrow and fit a little tight.
B009OL2L94 very narrow shoe the boot is wonderful but too narrow for my injured foot.  I gave it too may partner and she loves it.  very light and no breaking in required.  I ordered a wide boot hoping it will fit.
B00AAPHB2U Second Time I have  narrow foot and it fits snug.  However this is the second time I but this model and size.
B00AQNNZ80 Solid boot! Great looking! Seem to run about a half size small and are more ideal for narrow to medium foot width. Sturdy yet flexible, which is ideal for the younger kiddos.
B00AU9YOH6 Nice glasses, but a little narrow in width These are lovely glasses.  Please be aware that they are made for someone with a narrow face.  My husband said they were a little snug, and I thought he was being picky--until I tried them on myself.
B00AW7M97S great boots, a bit on the narrow These boots are absolutely terrific and I bought them 1/2 a size larger so that I can wear them with thick socks. The length fits true, but I was surprised that even after returning them for a wide, they are still a bit snug [I usually am fine with normal width]. I am working on stretching them out because the boots themselves are high quality and look great, but I thought I'd share my experience.
B00AW7M97S Loved the boots but.......... they were a  bit too narrow for me:(  Would have kept them otherwise. They looked great and the quality was what I was looking for.
B00AW7M97S In love with this boot. Like other reviews said, these do run narrow. I generally wear an 8.5 and wanted that in a wide, but had to settle for a 9. It is still fairly narrow, especially in the toe box, but I am glad I went up half a size. The heel is a little loose for me because they are a little long, but I can adjust the fit with the laces when they wear in a bit more. They are pretty stiff at first, and rubbed on my ankle until I loosened the laced (causing the heel to be too loose) but are wearing in nicely. I've received many compliments on them already and they are pretty comfortable. I've worn them all day right off the bat and have minimal discomfort. I love the red-brown color too! It is definitely a red brown, but that is exactly what I wanted. The only complaint I would have is the lack of my ideal size, but at $94 as opposed to $180, I won't be upset!
B00AW7M97S Love these boots! Love these boots! I got the brown and I love the shade--almost has reddish undertones, very rich color. Very well made and seems like they'll last forever. Super cute look--I've been wearing them with skinny jeans mostly--they're casual and very stylish. I did order the wide (which I've never done before) due to the reviews describing them as narrow--so glad I did! They fit perfect and they definitely would have been too narrow if I'd purchased the medium width. The length was true to size. They do have a narrow shaft, which is great for my narrow calves. Shaft height is perfect--I have short legs and they hit right at mid-calf. So glad I bought these!!
B00AW7M97S Great Sturdy Boot But Too Small & Narrow I usually wear a 9 in Timbs but this boot def ran small and very narrow, I was very sad I had to send them back because they were so nice, and although it looks like they make a wide version I cant find it in stock ANYWHERE!
B00AW7M97S Love the boot, a bit narrow and snug at first but loosed up very quickly Great boot, very high quality.  As others have stated it is a bit narrow, however after walking around for 15 minutes or so it's loosed up enough to be one of the most comfortable boots I own.  I normally wear a 7.5 and purchased this boot in 7.5.
B00AW7M97S These shoes run very narrow These boots look great but run very narrow. We are going to try a half size larger in hopes that they will fit less snuggly
B00AW7M97S Wonderfully chic, but sadly much too narrow. Like all the other reviews stated, they are way too narrow. I've never had to buy a wide sized shoe in my life, so it was a bit surprising!The design of them are excellent though.  So very chic and sophisticated! I think I go ahead and order them in the wide size.
B00AW7M97S Way too small. I wanted to love these boots but they were far too narrow and tight in the toe. Appearance wise, they are great. I suggest these for someone with super narrow feet.
B00AW7M97S Everything I hoped for! I made sure to read the reviews before purchasing. I normally wear an 8.5 but went ahead and ordered an 9. Also, I have narrow feet so I felt comfortable trying the B width. This was a good idea as these boots fit great and there is ever room to wear them with a thicker sock if I want to. So far I love them and have gotten a boat load of compliments every time I've worn them. I am very glad that I decided to try them!
B00AW7M97S Very narrow and uncomfortable I bought my regular size 7.5. These shoes are very narrow and they are hurting my feet.They look great, but unfortunately uncomfortable.
B00AW7M97S Narrow, but stretchable. This boot is definitely on the narrow side, especially through the ball of the foot. I kept mine because I figured they would stretch some, and they have. Because they are high quality leather , they can also be stretched at a boot shop or a cobbler's. They have a device that does it. I thought that if I got the wide they would stretch too much from wear. I have very average-width feet, so it's really just a judgment call. I still don't wear thick socks with them though. Also, they are quite waterproof, which is a plus.
B00AW7M97S Great boot I love these boots! After reading other reviews I went with the wide width. I recommend this as I have a fairly narrow foot and these are perfect!
B00AW7M97S Read the reviews and order accordingly. I had read the reviews that these boots trended narrow, but the medium width fit my medium foot okay, though not generously. I can't wear my heavier hand-knit socks with them but these are super comfortable and I stand at my desk almost all day. Never regretted putting them on even after the first day. I love them!
B00AW7M97S Loosen the laces! I ordered a half size up based on other reviews saying these were too narrow. The wide width wasn't available on Amazon, and though I have normal feet, it seemed that concensus on here and Zappo's was that they're too narrow.The 9.5's (I'm regularly a 9) were too long in the foot. So I returned for a 9. And guess what? If you loosen the laces, they fit great (in your NORMAL size!). The footbed is a tad snug, but they loosen considerably in the first day of wear, and the arch support is fantastic. Probably my most comfortable boots (even over Merrells, Keens, and Ralph Lauren).A definite win.
B00AW7M97S Woot! I really like these boots! I've liked this style for awhile but didn't want to buy another uncomfortable pair of shoes with no arch support. I'm very happy with these -- they're a bit stiff for now but extremely comfortable to walk in! I got the boots in a C/D because of previous reviews warning about the shoes being narrow, and I'm really glad I did. Even though I have pretty narrow feet, I still don't think I'll be able to wear thick socks with these.
B00AW7M97S Little tight A little too small.  I would have to wear thing socks which is not practice for boots. I went a 1/2 size up and they fit good. Still no room to add an insole though and I have narrow/thin feet.
B00AW7M97S Bad, very small, there is no way to wear, very narrow. Recommended not to buy. Bad, very small, there is no way to wear, very narrow. Recommended not to buy.Asians do not recommend to buy, there is no way to wear. Very garbage shoes.
B00AW7M97S They start to fit I ordered these and read the review after, then worried for two days about the fit being too narrow. After just 20 minutes of wearing them, they began to feel looser and now they fit fine!
B00AW7M97S Great boots After looking around for leather boots for months, I found these on sale and jumped on the opportunity.  I have very narrow feet and small calves, so most boots gap at the top and I was really hoping these wouldn't.  I received these boots a couple weeks ago and so far I really love them.  They're comfortable, durable, secure around my narrow feet, and do not gap at the calf.  The zip up side is a huge bonus, but the laces are very functional as well.
B00AW7M97S Amazing boots! These boots are top-notch quality! Way to go Timberland! Size fits as I would expect, although they do seem to run narrow (which works for me since I have narrow feet). The soles are rubber so they are much more comfortable to walk in than some other pairs of boots I own that have harder (and more slippery) soles. Laces allow for a more custom fit depending on your calf size and the buckle at the top adds some extra style. Overall, definitely worth the money!
B00AW7M97S the boots are beautiful but EXTREMELY narrow The boots are beautiful and the length is accurate however they are extremely narrow and I am attempting to get a wider pair.
B00AW7M97S A bit narrow, but loosens up with wear. These boots are awesome!  Well made and sturdy.  They do put some pressure on the front of my ankle when I first put them on, but it goes away after the leather warms up (usually about 10 minutes). Like other reviewers said, they are a bit on the narrow side in the toes, but mine have been loosening up after 4 days of wearing them around.  The leather does stretch.  Overall a great boot and super happy with my purchase!
B00AW7M97S Love these These boots are exactly what I was looking for. Chic enough for work, rugged enough for the woods. And, not too narrow for my broad calves.
B00AW7M97S Fits True To Size Many have rated these boots as being too narrow / too small and to order a size larger and or wide width.  I did not find this to be true.  I wear a 6 medium and ordered a 6 medium and do not find that they are too small or too narrow.  I even wore them with socks and they fit fine.
B00AW7M97S perfect pair of boots well worth the cost. they fit as expected if anything a bit on the narrow end. i had purchased a pair of MK and they were way too narrow, what prompted me to buy these, and they fit. these are not really made for roughing it, so if your looking for a pair to hike in or kick around in, these are not it. these are a bit more dressy. if you want rough looking, tough looking boots go for doc martens.
B00AW7M97S Narrow These boots are awful narrow but they are so BEAUTIFUL. I took them to the cobbler to get stretched because I just can't return them. They are that gorgeous.
B00AW7M97S Too narrow Purchased my regular size 7 and was eagerly anticipating their arrival.  The look was as expected except I didn't realize the leather detail at the heel is made of suede leather.  Unfortunately I was disappointed in the fit.  They are too narrow even through they are listed as 7M.
B00AW7RBGC great boots usually i wore medium width, but this one's were a little bit narrow for me. i'll try reordering a c/d widthabout the boots: they're look great, made well and i love them
B00AW8HF9Y Very stiff Boots were very good quality leather, but it was way to stiff for my use. They were also too narrow at the top for my calf.
B00AW8HF9Y too narrow The boot is beautiful.  The shaft fits well but the bottom is narrow.  This is  the reason that i will return this boot.
B00AW8HF9Y Small and tough but good for rain I originally bought size 8, but had to change to 9. They are are very stiff but you get used to it. They are very good for rain and look better than those plastic ones. Not really warm at all, so make sure you wear wool socks. They are not really that narrow in the calves, for those of us with really narrow calves, so don't expect them to be tight if you have narrow calves.
B00AW8HF9Y Runs a little short & narrow but otherwise a nice boot! Having tried on Timberland's I knew they usually run narrow and a little short so I ordered accordingly.  So for me they fit great.  The reason I only gave a 4 star is that the calf fit is also narrow ...wish it was just a little wider.
B00AW8J5RE Super cute but narrow and tight in the shaft. Super cute but narrow and tight in the shaft.  Maybe if I got a larger size it could have worked.  But, my guess is it would still be narrow.
B00AW8JG9G Uncomfortable for my narrow foot. I love the look of these boots, but they simply do not fit my foot; I have a very narrow foot with a high arch and these do not feel right.  Also the leather is hard and would take some time to break in. I returned them immediately. The fault is probably not with the boot, but with my feet. When someone comes out with a real leather soft boot (that is affordable) for narrow feet, then I will be happy. These boots are a beautiful color and have a very nice (if a little hard) sole.
B00AW8JG9G great look, quality, comfort, and price The quality of the leather is incredible at this price. Construction feels very high quality. The style is not as chunky as it appears in the photos, which pleased me. The fit is true to size,  maybe a touch on the small-ish side. I have narrow to average width feet and found the width just right in size 8. The calf is also on the narrow side - a plus for my stick-shaped legs. Probably not a good fit for wide calves. LOVE these boots!
B00AW8JG9G Wanted to love These are beautiful boots-- lovely leather and crafting. BUT...they were so stiff, tight and uncomfortable that I had to return them. :(  I certainly don't have narrow calves, but not wide either I don't think. ?? (14in) The foot is also narrow at the toes as others have reviewed, yet it slipped on the heel. I so wanted to love these boots because they were the perfect height for my stature (5'4&#34;)-- very flattering unlike most boots that are made for super tall ladies! If you have a narrow foot and calves and don't mind taking the risk that the leather will stretch and soften, then this boot may work for you!
B00AW8JG9G Great looking boot, but too narrow in the calf area. They weren't wide enough in the calf area. Great looking boots that my girlfriend would loved to have kept, but they were too narrow in the calf area.
B00AW8JG9G boot A lovely boot but a bit too narrow in the toe box and  definitely ;too wide for my skinny calf
B00AW8JL0A Not what I was looking for Had to return as it was too narrow and I have narrow feet. Also, leather was very stiff and zipper was kind of ugly looking.
B00AW8JL0A Too Narrow Although the boots are marked 10W the are extremely tight in the toe area.  Length is fine but they are very narrow.  Will sadly return.
B00AW8JL0A Cute, but uncomfortable. I wanted to like this boot for it's good looks, but it just isn't comfortable. I don't normally take a wide & even tried a half size up, just in case - no go. The whole front half of it feels stiff & quite narrow. The leather feels rigid throughout the whole shoe, in fact. It doesn't feel like the quality you'd expect for the price & brand name. I'll be returning these.
B00AW8JL0A very narrow fit! The fit was very narrow, and a 9M is what I always wear; I exchanged it for the Timberland Women's Savin Hill Chelsea Ankle Boot in a 9M, which was a great fit.
B00AW8JL0A Love my booties I just received them in 2 days which is great. Had a hard time getting them on cause there so narrow but other then that there great and stylish. They will stretch with wear.
B00AW8JL0A NOT TRUE TO SIZE If you have a high instep, do not get this boot. The ankle is also very narrow and not comfortable at all.
B00AW8JL0A good work boot bought these for working in my barn. Like them well enough to get another pair for casual wear. A bit stiff to start but they are becoming very comfortable. Maybe a tad narrow in toe box.
B00AW8JL0A Only for people with narrow foot If you have a size 10 narrow foot with low arches this would be the perfect boot. It also took extra strength to get the zipper down the first couple of times.
B00AW8JL0A Well Made but Crazy Narrow These boots look spectacular.  Nice, solid, polished leather (I bought brown) that looks like it will last for a number of years.  Unfortunately, I couldn't even put them on.  If you have anything other than very narrow feet, these boots won't work for you.
B00AW8JL0A Beautiful boot This is a really nice boot, but the sizing is quite small.  Was disappointed because it seemed to be just what I needed.  Too short, too narrow.
B00AW8JL0A too narrow While good quality boots, they are too narrow for anything but the thinnest of socks.  In Midwestern winters it takes more than thin socks to keep my feet warm.
B00AW8JL0A No complaints I was hesitant to get these because the reviews weren't stellar. I have no complaints! They fit perfectly, although I have narrow feet. They are comfortable and darling!
B00AW8JL0A Definitely narrow I looked at all the reviews on here and ordered these because of the complaints that they are too narrow.  I have slender feet (narrow and thin) and regular shoes are usually too wide and my feet move around in them.  The reviews are correct - these shoes fit me almost perfectly, so they would definitely be too narrow for someone who would normally wear a medium width.  They also leave very little room between the shoe and the top of my foot, so if you have a thicker foot these will not fit well.  The leather is a bit hard, but based on reviews I will assume it will soften with use.
B00AW8JL0A very nice I wasn't sure about buying these since some people had fit issues, but these boots fit my foot well. I wear an 11B and these are neither too narrow nor too short. I have a low arch, however, which could be a factor. The ankle area of the boot is somewhat stiff, but not uncomfortably so. Oh, and they make my feet look smaller:-)
B00AW8K0WI beautiful boot but far too narrow I always pay attention to consumer reviews when I consider ordering an item and this one had all the warnings about the narrowness but I ignored them...wrong decision. This is a gorgeous boot, everything I was looking for. Perfect height, material, sole...everything.  Unfortunately it is extremely narrow and, even though I was able to get it on my foot, I could not zip it up at all. Had to return them.
B00AW8K0WI Very good quality, very narrow show I'm Usually 6.5-7, I ordered those size 7 based and past reviews.The quality of the shoes is very good, 7 fits me well but very snug on the sides - very narrow, I managed to close the shoe and walk a bit around the house.I'm sure a few days in those will soften them up.I recommend if you're looking for basic, good quality black boot.
B00AZPO1BY Good, not great Fit was small for me. I have a narrow size 14 and still thought the tongue was tight. Color is great and soles are very comfortable.
B00AZPO1BY Nice shoe, although narrow and high throat / tongue Nice shoe overall. Stylish, light-weight. Although it is a bit narrow (regular ordered) and the throat / tounge runs high on my foot.
B00AZPO90W Only true to size for the narrowest of feet I am a true 10.5 medium width and have been for 35 years.  This shoe is narrow like something Mary Poppins would wear.  More feminine looking in person that the picture reflects.  On its way back to the seller...
B00AZPOIF8 Thumbs down.  Even the wide was too narrow. They looked good on paper but were light and narrow.  I purchased them for my husband who needs semi-dressy shoes for work but occasionally has to go out in the shop.  I can't imagine them holding up.  They're going back.
B00AZPOIF8 Good shoe but narrow cut Shoe is cut narrow so I needed a wide as opposed to the medium I normally wear. Please consider when ordering
B00AZPOIF8 fit ordered medium width but shoes are very narrow. Nedd to have widths more defined. will not order shoes over the internet again.
B00AZPPEQ0 long and narrow I bought this shoe in my normal size, 10.5, and it turned out to be too narrow around the widest part of my foot. In addition, compared to similar chukka boots, the shoe was long and a bit pointy, like it had a snout, and I didn't like this look.  For these two reasons, I returned the shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 Too Long Yet Too Narrow - What a strange combination! I ordered a size down as suggested by many reviewers but even then the boot was too long.  At the very same time I ordered a wide (2W) and it was very narrow (not even close).  Kind of disappointing as I really like Timberland's boot designs.
B00AZPPEQ0 Wish your sizing are accurate as other shoe companies. Still does not fit just right. If changed to 9 1/2  it will probably be too narrow as stated by my son - in law.
B00AZPPEQ0 Narrow fit. Otherwise awesome shoe for Seattle! Very Stylish. Though beware of the narrow fit of this shoe. Otherwise awesome for Seattle with the rain and whatnot!
B00AZPPEQ0 Look good, well-made, slightly narrow Timberland shoes are always solid, and these have a sleeker look than other chukkas.  They're not perfect for a wide foot, but otherwise great!
B00AZPPL7C narrow for timberland Too narrow in the ball of the foot.  I have always liked the way Timberland shoes fit, until these.  Otherwise looks good.  11M = 11B size.
B00AZPQV6C A bit narrow Ordered them in my regular size . Length is perfect however they are bit tight on the width. And my feet are by no means broad.I suggest ordering them in one size broaderOtherwise overall the shoe is classy and pretty light on the feet.
B00AZPQV6C Long and Narow The boot runs long and the cut is narrow. Which is okay if you fancy the Wicked Witch of the West look. Seems well made
B00AZPQV6C not bad good looking shoes ... right to size ... a little narrow ... the right one hurt my feet from the back ... after all is good
B00AZPQV6C looks very nice! A little narrow (but you don't need to order bigger) it looks very nice, perfect for formal occasion. My size is 8.5 and I had the choice between D(M) and 2E. Finally I ordered D(M) as my feet is not fat. But in real i can feel the shoes are narrow. My advice is that you don't necessarily need to order one size bigger. But you should know that the shoes are narrow.
B00AZPQV6C A BIT TIGHT AROUND TOES IT IS A WELL MADE BOOT LIGHTWEIGHT BUT TIGHT AROUND TOES AND I HAVE NARROW FEET SO TAKE THAT INTO CONSIDERATION WHEN ORDERING OTHER THAN THAT I AM HAPPY CAN GET AROUND FAST GOOD TRACTION
B00AZPSY1M stylish and comfy Cool and clean. They ran a little narrow but I like the fit. Buy them, just ... buy them. You'll thank me later
B00B02THKQ Narrow calves I bought these boots because of the narrow circumference, after returning many pair of boots that have said the circumference was narrow, these boots where and I'm very happy, so for people with small calves these will be a great fit
B00B02THKQ They run small I typically wear a 5.5 regular and ordered a size 6 regular.  These were narrow in the front section above toes and middle of foot.  Unfortunately so much so that I could not comfortably wear them so they are going back.  The leather boot is a very stiff leather.  Definitely more a gritty look.
B00B7FJV8O Timberland Pros The right foot is a bit narrow, might just be my foot . Good climbing boots though, very airated soul and good ankle support
B00B7GE8ZY too small I already have this boot and like it, but it was a little narrow so I ordered the wide and it was to tight. was thinking it was labeled wrong. sorry I had to send them back.
B00B82677E Drumlin Hill Loafer Really nice shoes but was too narrow and they are not made wide enough.Generally like most everything that Timberland makes.
B00B82ZHB6 nice idea but the top was unwieldly and unable to fold easily as shown in the the photo...plus the last is too long for the size labeled and too narrow for my wide foot so I returned it.
B00B83W7W2 Great looking shoe Most reviewers have said that these shoes seem narrow but I feel they are a true fit. I have a high instep and usually have trouble with narrow shoes but have no problem with these!
B00B83WJMK Very cool-looking, but way too narrow! The shoes are very stylish and seem durable.  Great traction, and the breathable mesh is an interesting feature.  I would love to have kept them, but they were far too narrow, and my feet are already narrow.  So be forewarned: only buy these shoes if your feet are narrower than normal narrow feet are thought to be.  In the end, I had to return them, but I really didn't want to, as they just looked so darn cool.
B00B83WJMK Nice but narrow in the heel These shoes look nice and they are very light and fresh. Just four star because they are narrow in the heels, like lady shoes, is not a big problem, they are still comfortable but it is something to improve. Maybe the W size would've been better for me, but I've always ordered D size, and I don't think I have wide feet.
B00B8I9AI6 very nice shoes but I have to return These are very nice shoes. Top quality and looks good. But they have very narrow fit. They are not short but too narrow and tight. My foot is quite standard M size, and I have other timberland shoes that are all fit to true size. These shoes are just too narrow. Please make sure either you order wide or at least half size up. Amazon did not give me option to change the size and the promotion was over, so I had to return it.
B00B9PADZ2 very narrow ankles The ankles are very narrow, and makes it nearly impossible for extra wide feet to get the boot on...unless the laces are out of the boot...they are comfortable if you can get them on...
B00B9PM53U Very comfortable. True size These boots are great, no complaints here. I live in Germany; cold, wet, snowy Germany. They are perfect for everyday use in snow and rain. I ordered a half size larger than normal because of other reviews saying they are narrow. I didn't think they're narrow at all and I have a really wide foot. They still fit fine, I use them in cold weather so thick socks work well. Almost no break-in time needed, they were comfortable right out of the box.
B00B9PS9VC Hubby loves them! Fit is true to size and they work well for my hubby's narrow feet. He says they are like wearing slippers.
B00B9ROF6S So disappointed in the width They looked so good, but they were too good to be true. Many other people commented on how Timberlands run on the wider side, but that was not the case for my boyfriend. They were narrow even for 2E wide. No bueno.
B00BCJV7H8 Narrow on my feet If it were just a little wide I would have loved and kept the shoes. I ordered a size larger, even then they were uncomfortable. Amazing looking shoes and so cute!! The only pair of winter boots I thought were perfect looking. Oh well.. hunt for another boot.. :(
B00BCJV7H8 like these boots I love the way these boots look. They are sturdy, warm and waterproof. The only problem is they are a little narrow,but once I have them on for awhile they stretch a little and are comfortable.
B00BCJV7H8 Boots are great...but way to narrow and small. I have a narrow foot to begin with, so I ordered by original size (8M), but that was too small.So now I am exchanging it with a 8.5W...hopefully I would be able to wear those.
B00BCJV7H8 MT hope mid Good shoes, but were a bit narrow, especially in the instep. I am satisfied with the workmanship. Just for the cold and snowy weather.
B00BCJV7H8 Order wider width I wear medium width so ordered B. Width is too narrow, so order wider than you normally do. Painful to wear over big toe joint where leather seam is joined to fabric material. Rubbed a sore spot on top of my foot there.
B00BCJV7H8 These boots are too narrow. These boots are so cute but the fit is too narrow for my foot.  My foot is a medium width,  and I have a high arch.  My toes tend to get very cold in New England winters and this fit is too tight across the toes to keep my toes warm.  They are unfortunately going back.
B00BCJV7H8 Too narrow The boots are wonderful, lightweight,stylish and warm. The inside removable sole feels like a cloud, I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because they run to narrow, amazon has a great return policy and I sent them back to get the wider ones...note my foot is adverage not wide ,i wear a 8, ordered an 8 and my toes touched the end so I will get an 8.5 and wide and they should be perfect
B00BCJV7H8 Runs large and narrow, otherwise really cute! It was a bummer that I had to return these, I got them on a great promotion from Amazon and when I got them they felt about a half size too large and unfortunately the size I would have changed it for was gone. I always order size 9 for most shoes and all boots but this felt larger, more like 9.5 but strangely a quite narrow width.  I don't have wide feet and never order wide but this being my second pair that I tried, comparing with Timberland boot (Lucille Flat Buckle Zip Boot in 9M) they BOTH were very narrow, this one not being as extreme.  Strangely enough that other pair (Lucille) that I ordered of a nine were suuuper small and narrow.  Just a heads up that the Timberland line may have inconsistent sizing but this particular boot runs a half size large and also narrow. Also, the &#34;Grey&#34; color is more like an olive and is really cute with the fur and detailing, even the laces look good with it.  I bet that's why they are all gone! Give them a try if you are able to find your size. I can't attest to how warm they are since I didn't keep them but they do feel good and thick enough to keep the cold out. They are a great mid-calf height as well.
B00BCJV7H8 Narrow The size was OK, but they were too narrow. But they did look great. I'd have kept them if they were wider.
B00BCJV7H8 Mom The boots are of excellent quality however they are tight over the toes.  Maybe they will stretch a little but I don't want to subject my feet to that.  If you have narrow feet, it is a great choice.  if you have wide feet, I suggest something else.
B00BCJV7H8 Too Narrow! I am usually between a 9 and 9 1/2, so in boots I ordered 9 1/2.  Boot was too narrow and I couldn't go up another 1/2 size.  They were sold out of the C/D width, so I had to return them.  I got Keen's instead.  So happy I made the change. They were cute, but the Keen's were way more comfortable and warmer.
B00BCJV7H8 too tight The boot is extremely narrow. Enough to cut off you circulation with socks on. Like heels, it looks good but is uncomfortable.
B00BCJV7H8 great winter boots so i haven't tried these in the snow yet but i can tell they are going to be great and warm. they also importantly seem to have traction which was why i had to get them to replace my old, hideous UGGs, which had no traction at all, which is perilous during a chicago winter. these are very cute and seem well-made and durable. as for the sizing, no need to size up if you have narrow feet. i can see how these would be too narrow for someone with wide feet, but mine are narrow and they fit perfectly. i'm usually a 7.5, sometimes an 8 if they run small. i got an 8 with these since reviewers said to size up and i found they have more room than necessary in the toe--i can take them off without unlacing them, even with thick socks on. but they are not so big that i have to return them for a smaller size, so i'll just keep the 8. highly recommended, i got them for $130 or so on eastbay.edit: good thing i bought these, we got another snow dump today. these boots are amazing, so comfy (needed no breaking in), warm, and waterproof, really glad i bought them. and happy for the extra toe room, on second thought it's possible my normal size would have been slightly tight.
B00BCJV7J6 Even up a size the boots were too narrow Even at a larger size they run quite narrow and had to be returned. They were close to fitting, but still too small.
B00BCJV7J6 I wish I could send this back The instructions were clear: you can only send anything back if it is unopened. So I am stuck with having wasted the money on this pair of boots. They are so insanely narrow that after trying to wear them, I had to spend days trying to rehab my poor feet. And I even ordered a half a size above my regular show size, knowing that I have wide feet! So although I wear size 8 shoes, I ordered this in 8.5. This pair is an instrument of torture. I would recommend that only those buy it who have extraordinarily narrow feet.
B00BCJW35I Very narrow Very narrow! My daughter has never worn a wide show in her life, ordered the medium width first, which were way too narrow. Then she ordered the wide, and they were also too narrow! Had to return them also. Beautiful boots, what a disappointment!
B00BCJW35I Best heeled boots you can confidently run around in! These boots are exactly what I have been looking for in a heeled ankle boot.  Very good support, traction so you don't slip and very stylish.  I will be wearing these to dress up or dress down.  They will be my go to boots for this fall/winter.The fit is narrow.  i have narrow feet and a size 8.  I got the 7.5 since they didn't have an 8 and I was surprised that they fit me perfect!  I have heard others say you should go up a size even if you have narrow feet.  I don't think that is the case.  IF you have narrow feet you should get your size or a half size down if they don't have your size.  IF you don't have narrow feet then I would say you should try going a size up.Overall, I Love these more than my beloved frye boots!
B00BCJW35I Great boots. Needed to size up. Narrow Great comfy versatile boot.  Nice cushioning.  Typical Timberland quality.  Runs narrow.  Needed a 1/2 larger as there was no wide left.  I ordinarily do not wear wide.
B00BCJW35I Gorgeous Boots BUT Extremely Narrow ~ Must Return Based on other reviews I ordered these boots 1/2 size larger AND in the wide width.  They are still too narrow.  Very disappointed.  However, everything happens for a reason ... when looking for another boot I came across Caterpillar's line of women's boots.  I have received one of the two styles ordered and they are a full cut, well made boot.  Certainly comparable if not better than the Timberlines.  One thing is for certain, you will not have to second guess the size you should order.  After my pregnancy I've always bought size 8 1/2 to compensate for the width ~ in the CATs I am back in an 8 with plenty of adequate+ width ... enough for mid/heavy weight socks.The Timberlines are beautiful .  If your feet are narrow - you're all set.  If they are normal to wide, be prepared to swap back & forth in order to find the &#34;correct&#34; size
B00BCJW35I Incredibly comfortable but not as cute as I had hoped I understand that these may be some people's aesthetic, but they're just not mine. They're just a little bit too 90s / country for me. And the leather in the tobacco color was kind of flat and eh. Maybe any waterproof leather would look like this but for me I just wasn't into it.That said, these are incredibly comfortable. And I was worried that they would be hard to get in and out of what with laces and all,but they're really not. They're fantastically easy to get in and out of. They do run narrow, which is nice for me, because my foot is rather narrow. If these boots just fit how I would like them to look, honestly I would write epic poems about them, possibly build a shrine to them. But something about them made me feel like I needed to pull out my babydoll dresses and white t-shirts, and I just couldn't. Too bad, because they are really nice.
B00BCJXLHW Boot looks great just too narrow for me The boot looks great. The only problem is doesn't fit me. I ordered my regular size 8&1/2W. It was too narrow that my foot wouldn't able to fit it. Returned back.
B00BCJXLHW boot when i first got these boots i thought they might be a little small because they felt a little tight on the sides after wearing them around the house a little while i noticed they didn't feel tight any more i felt relieved i know i have a narrow foot & i think if i went a size up it would of been to big.
B00BCJXLHW Boots are really cute, but waaaay too small These boots are adorable, BUT they fit terribly! I usually wear a 7.5 regular. After reading many reviews I bought a half size down (& M or regular). It fit the length of my foot, but was waaaaay too tight. I went up to a 7.5 M (regular) and it was pretty big length wise and still waaaaaay too tight. So I went down to a 7 and bought a wide. Perfect length wise, and still too tight!!!!! Guess these shoes must not fit my foot. Regardless, I'd say buy a half size down for the length and know that they're really narrow. If you have a wide foot they definitely won't work- if you have a narrow foot they still might not!
B00BCJXLHW Returned it This was supposedly a wide but it was too narrow and I had to return it.  Also it's suede-like which wouldn't work in mud season.  The treads are good tho.
B00BF9PSUC Beautiful shoe but too narrow This loafer is just what I've been looking for, but I had to send it back because it was too narrow at the ball of my foot.  Length was fine.  Please, Timberland, make different widths.
B00BF9PSUC Narrow Too narrow for my foot. Very uncomfortable. I returned immediately after trying them on just once. If you have long feet like me I would not recommend.
B00BF9PSUC Great fit good quality Fits perfectly. You can feel comfort and quality immediately.  Plush feeling with a silent step.  Recommend this to anyone especially with a narrow foot.
B00BF9PSUC Looks really good quality, might be considered narrow, runs 1/2 large Just received. Looks really good quality. I went back and forth between size 9.5 and 10 based on reviews and ended up with 9.5. I should have gone with 9. There is a thumb large space in front of my big toe. But no biggie.One can consider them narrow but that is one of the reasons I ordered them. I have very long, narrow and thin feet so these fit like a glove. I am considering returning for 1/2 size smaller bc they might stretch when worn barefoot as I intend to do.No regret at all!
B00BF9PSUC BEAUTIFUL WELL MADE GREAT LEATHER HOW EVER SIZE IS OFF. ITS NARROW IN FRONT IM AN 8 AND TRY TO STREGTH THEM, NOT SURE IF THEY WILL. I KEPT THEM BECAUSE THEY ARE QUALITY. I SHOULD HAVE SEND BACK BUT ILL FIND SOMEONE WHO CAN WEAR THEM. I TRYED 8 HALF AND A BIT BIG IN FRONT BUT FELT MORE COMFORTABLE CAN USE WITH THICKER SOCK WITH JEANS. IT WAS PRICEY I WOULD THINK TWICE BEFORE ORDERING THESE UNLESS YOU HAVE NARROW FEET.
B00BF9PSUC narrow shoe the shoe is too narrow , I used to wear siez 6 and I ordered 6.5 ,but i cannot even put my feet into it, it is not comfortable for me .
B00DYQRLGS very cute, comfortable, and good quality Love these shoes. They are adorable, and the quality is really good. Also, they are insanely comfortable. I can't believe I am wearing heels when I have them on. I am planning to buy a second pair in another colour. Regarding sizing, these do run narrow (which seems to be the case with most Timberland products). So I do recommend order the wide (c/d) size unless you have a narrow foot. I ordered the same size as I wear in Timberland boots and they fit well!
B00DYRPX9O Beautiful and comfortable - but too narrow! These shoes are well-constructed and I wanted so much to love them, but they are far too narrow (and my feet are on the narrow side to begin with).  I walked around the house in them and they are very comfortable in terms of heel and platform height, but something was really off about the strap that goes over the top/ball of your foot.  I agree with other reviewers that it is cut too low and would become painful after walking around for a few hours.  I generally wear a 6.5-7 and I got a 6.5, and it was really snug.  Perhaps the 7 would have worked (or a 6.5 wide), but I didn't want to take a chance so I just returned them.
B00E8RAOI4 Narrower than expected Not as well made as some of its brethren.  Too narrow and the sole is kind of rough.The other colors are better.
