B000073TM3 Nice boots!! I love Timberland boots and these are no exception. And these are original Tims..no knockoffs. Nice fit and good quality.
B000073TM3 Nice color Fit very well.I like them very much.Now ima bout to order the wheat tims.They look good too.Price very nice too.
B00009WM7J Love this boot! My boys go through shoes like water, but this is one sturdy shoe!  Strong, durable, really nice looking and comfortable.  Would definitely buy again!
B00009WM7J nice shoes with good price I like the style, it fits me perfectly and the quality is great. My mom ordered another black pair when she saw mine.
B0000AFSYY Very Nice Boots! I bought these boots for my son for his birthday.  I was very pleasantly surprised when I received them, they are very nice looking.  They are really exactly what I was hoping for.
B0001CNJ9Q very comfort I purchase this bootie for my son, he was born on march 18, it feets nice, looking very nice))))) will buy it biger size soon))
B0002RDYMC nice boot nice boot / true to size. love the look and style of these boots. my son thought they were to nice to wear but is finally breaking them in.
B0007T4IGG Nice Boot The boots I received do not look like the ones in the description.  There is no padding around the ankle.  They are nice boots though.
B0007T64VI Better than expected True to fit and comfortable.  Nice boot and appears to be good quality. Looking forward to going on a hike,
B000AKVA6I High quality boots Very nice boots so far so good, Full upper leathers and easy slip on design, All day shock internal shock system seems to be pretty good. I buy boots all the time because my money makers are important to me. These have plenty of wiggle room without being floopy. Thick high quality leather and nice quality stiching.
B000B2HQ5O very nice shoes, true size exactly what I expected, size is a perfect fit, my son as wide feet and no problems. very nice product. I hope they'll last
B000BB15ZC Nice Boots nice boot!  Tims are a great boot. I have been wearing them for years. Gore-Tex is a nice touch. Will be warm this winter
B000BB15ZC Nice look but thats it Im a size 15, and when i buy boots i can usually get away with 14 sometimes, this boot i need to get a 16 but they dont make it, how great
B000BB15ZC Great hiking boots! I purchased these for my husband after he blew the heel off his other pair.He told me they broke in really nice over a weekend hiking trip. They are probably the most comfortable shoe he owns as he now wears them just to hit Lowe's! He waded through a bit of water and his feet stayed nice and dry. Highly recommended!
B000BB15ZC Great boots These shoes fit well and look nice. I love that they are waterproof. You can also wear them with black pants so they can be somewhat dressy.
B000BB15ZC Nice........ These shoes are nice and fits very well my son said that they are very comfortable, he is ready to go hiking now :-)
B000BB15ZC Timberland's They are really nice and they fit comfortable! If you don't have these then you really need to pick up a pair...
B000BFIHVS Nice would buy another pair soon. very good walking boot in adverse conditions . also love to wear them fishing alot
B000BFIHVS Nice boots With all the positive amazon reviews I choose these boot for my hiking trip to Yosemite in June.  They should be very good
B000BFIHVS Where have you been all my life? I typically fit well into a size 13 but these are a bit large. They would probably fit best with extra thick socks, or with an extra insert. Besides that, these are the comfiest boots I've ever had, and they look nice (even my wife was pleased). They are also nice and rugged and they keep my feet dry. I just hope I can still find these next time I'm in the market.
B000BFIHVS Great boots I buy these shoes 2 pair at a time.  They are comfortable and nice looking.  I always want to have them available.
B000BFIHVS nice boot Fit is nice and feels great so far, easy to lace up and get going. Tongue is a bit narrow for me but its made that way to lace up a good fit. Very comfortable- would buy again.
B000BFIHVS Nice fit and solid duty cycle Originally order this boot in 10W but seemed a bit sloppy on the foot.  Reordered in 9 1/2W and this was the perfect fit.  Nice big laces, look well built and provide good traction in snow or on the ice.  Good purchase.
B000BFIHVS Nice boots Nice, light weight boots.  Durable and high quality leather and soft and ligh outsole. Timberland is always on top of qolity and durability.
B000BFIHVS NIce Boots! Nice boots and the top is easy to lace too.  It is what I have come to expect from Timberland and was not disppointed.
B000BFIHVS nice boot this boot is quite nice and very cheap. i recommend it for everyone to buy it. the quality is good and soft.
B000BFIHVS very nice and comfortable I bought this pair of shoes for this winter. It looks very nice and wears comfortable. I really like it very much.
B000BFIHVS Timberland is a good brand. A nice light hiking shoe. Comfortable fit with a heavy sock.  Worth the money. Used timberland shoes before and was happy with them.
B000BFIHVS Nice They were really nice boots. Timberland has always had nice stuff. Bought these boots as a gift and were a success!
B000BFIHVS I love this Shipment : FastPackaging : Excellent as expected, arrives with its boxProduct:Material : Really good, Timberland is perfect, I tried them before, very sturdy just by looking at it, would update this if something happens after !, It looks like it would last and the same time looks nice.Comfort level: very comfortable, although for the first look I though it would be big, it actually fits nicely, it looks heavy but its totally not.at least compared to other winter boots I had before.Negatives: I dont see any so far, but will keep you posted.Overall: Very nice , would absolutely recommend this
B000BFIHVS It is a very nice looking boot that comes with a free toe-crushing box in each pair ! I've never complained about a shoe before but there is a first time for everything.  If you are used to the way Timberlands fit then maybe you'll be ok but, these were not for me.
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable These were for my grandson and he told me they were comfortable from the start.  Had very nice sole and grip.
B000BFIHVS Very  Nice Boots for the PRICE  !!!!! Great fit , true to size and width,, and they ARE waterproof, I wear them daily and they  are very comfortable,,
B000BFIHVS great light hiker The fit is nice, they are lightweight, and keep my feet happy. The ankle part is not too high feels about right.
B000BFIHVS waterproof they are really great, nice, comfortable, my hubbie really like them a lot.  he uses it daily....  on and on.
B000BFIHVS nice! Very nice boot. Lightweight despite a solid, supportive feel. Really happy with these bad boys! I reccomend going with the brown ones.
B000BFIHVS Great Comfort and Price Nice to find a size 14 in this hiker.  Good price...very comfortable.  Goes well with jeans in a casual setting.
B000BFIHVS love it a little hard when first try it. maybe later will be better.I looks really nice and the price is ok.I like it .
B000BGMMZ4 Timberland boots These are very nice boots for a little under the price you'd pay in a department store. FYI: my son usually wears a 12 but that seemed to fit a half size too big so had to send back. Shipping back cost me $15. We r re-ordering tho. They are a nice color and quality. Seller always answered my emails prompt and courteous.
B000BGMMZ4 Nice boot... BUT Timberland are nice products, but for the money... the only brands better would be: Frye, Alden, Allen Edmonds, and Wolverine 1000 Mile
B000FDPXW2 really love this one Very nice boot. I surely suggest it!! nice quality nice fit! look as in the picture and fit as expected.
B000FX9A5S Nice My man loved these boots and they do fit well....the price was/is outrageous....way over priced...should be more like $40 not over $100!!!!
B000FX9A5S nice shose but too heavy a very nice shose with good projection, but you know you will not wear it to office - too heavy and big. you even can't drive a car with it...
B000G1Z9XG very nice the timberland euro boots are like wearing sneakers very lite and they seem solid for the money they are a good deal i would go with amazon lowest.price great.returns.if.they.do not fit
B000G21BSC Nice Looking and Light Weight These boots are really nice looking, comfortable, and not heavy.  They are a great, all-around, versatile boot.  Very good price too.
B000G23DQK Love but not for me They are really nice but just not for me and i didnt know what size to get in these boots
B000G23DQK timberland premium waterproof boot a nice boot in a very nice color(sundance). leather is almost glove like. haven't worn them much but they seem very comfortable.
B000G23DQK Very nice boots This is very nice waterproof boots from Timberland, I love its style and look, and very comfortable to wear them on.  For some people it might be little heavy but I love it.
B000G23DQK Nice!! Real Nice Boots!! I bought them for my boyfriend and he loves them!! He looks super HOT ;) in them too!!
B000G23DQK Damn good! boot look nice and arrived speedy fast. i am very please with the quality and the look of this boot. i will continue to do business. i like to add the box it came in also made a nice storage case for some of my old VHS video tapes and slides easy under the bed.
B000G23DQK My cousin loved them. They are nice and sturdy and we last all winter and of course are the style for guys. Hopefully you all will love the, too!
B000G23DQK nice shoes nice boot, and good quality. But I am facing one problem, grease stained on my right boot, can the customer service tell me which way can wash it out?
B000G23DQK Former Navy air crewman loves these boots My husband is a former Navy air crewman. He wanted a good, sturdy pair of boots that he could use for everyday wear. He likes the high style as they support his ankles.The boots are very nice in appearance. They are almost completely scuff-proof. The ties are strong and don't look like they would easily fray. The size is true (he wears a 9) and he said they were comfortable from the minute he put them on. They're rugged yet professional enough he can wear them to work.Super nice seller who's also a military veteran and very nice to work with. Highly recommended seller and product!
B000G23DQK Nice boots Pretty nice boots but the sizes are different from other brands. Typically a 9.5 fits perfect. These were way to big.Better off going to a store and trying them on first.
B000G23DQK nice boots It&#8216;s a good boot,very comfortable.I love it.And I think the black colour was better than wheat colour.I will buy it again.
B000G23DQK Nice! My son like the scuffproof boot and very different.  The only thing that lack in the boots is it could have been more shrimming to it.  He had these in a size 9 when he was younger and they were very nice. Yes,  I will recommend these!!!
B000G23DQK Tims!!!! I bought these for my brother for his birthday. I thought For the price I would get some knockoff of Tims. However, my brother was pleased with the quality of these boots and so was I. Nice boots and nice price and they are not knockoffs!!!!
B000G23X74 Nice shoes! Very nice shoes! Attractive colour, great traction, comfortable, and they dry very fast! I wear theme at least 4 hours every week and I look forward to having a very active sailing life with my Timberlands!
B000G24LJS Timberland is nice! Traditional model of Timberland, it fits my feet very well and comfortable! And the price is really affordable, I really love it!
B000G24LJS nice and handsome I love it,comfortable!this is the first time my colleagues say which I am wearing is very unique and look good
B000HGZRUK TIMBERLAND Men's Rugged Street II Chukka (Wheat Nubuck 15.0 M) Very nice chukka, the color is nice and the fit feels true. So far I've just worn the boot for everyday use and it looks and feels good.
B000HGZRUK Nice boot I bought these boots for my boyfriend. They are very nice, except the logo on the rubber part on one of the soles was rubbed off and its very noticeable and looks horrible. I dont have time to exchange them before xmas. Was very disappointed.
B000KVA7YI " nice boot's " i've worn chipawa for the past ten yeaes or so and i thought i'd try these out for a change and i'm very happy with these boots! they are very comfortable and it's nice to own a pair of boots that don't make black scuff marks on the floor!! they were half the cost of my usual brand so if i can get 6 months of work out of them i'll be all set!
B000LA2RSC NICE BOOT NICE BOOT FOR MY HUSBAND-NOT THE MOST COMFORTABLE THOUGH COMPARED TO THE OTHER TIMBERLANDS .
B000NCGJH8 Great bag Both colors are nice looking, but I decided on the Wheat colored one. Nice looking bag, handy little pockets on the side, and very comfortable padding.
B000QDPDXA Nice watch - Bigger than stated Got this watch for my brother and he seems to love it.  For a digital watch,  it really has an expensive look.  The metal finish is nice and the leather band is rich and thick.  It is a big watch (43 or 44mm wide and ~12mm thick), which looks great on him, but it may be too big for some people.
B000UCCQEQ Nice pair of boots These boots are very comfortable & nice looking @  reasonable price.I can't wait till it get cold out so I can see if they withstand the cold.
B000VI8UX0 Very nice shoes! Very nice shoes to wear to church and other functions for 8 year old.  The real leather wears nicely too!  Definitely would purchase again!
B000VI8VBG Nice. These are nice looking and durable. May be a little hard to get on at first, but should be fine after worn a few times.
B000VI8VBG Highly recommended Very Nice Shoe & well made & comfortable. I would recommend these. I plan on buying this brand name again in the near future; they are good quality.
B000VIAOJ8 nice Overall these are good looking AND good quality for the price. i really like that they are waterproof although we have not had a chance to test them out in the rain or snow, I'm certain we will soon. The laces are nice too. I have a pet peeve about cheap laces.
B000VIAOMU Nice boots! These boots are very nice. The price is very reasonable for how well made these boots are made. They look expensive.
B000VIAOMU very nice brand new very nice and the contision it was newit came at the time as i was expecting and the boys loved the shoes
B000VIAOMU Nice looking well made shoe! Shoe was true to size. Very well made,and very nice looking! My Grandson loves them. I'm sure he will get much good use out of them, till he grows out of them.
B000VIDXE6 NICE BOOTS Very nice hiking boots.  True to size and well made.  Just right for a ruff and tough 8 year old.  Would buy again.
B000VQ9QKS nice they fit perfectly nice and snug wore them in the snow and the are quite durable, and water proof lol
B000VQDIKC Like the look Nice pair of boots.  I Like the color and fit. It's nice to get waterproof boots with a trendy look.
B000VW69IY Very Nice These are nice. I don't have the best looking feet so I prefer a closed toe sandal. These are nice and stylish and can be worn with almost any pair of shorts. They fit perfectly and are comfortable. I rarely give 5 star ratings but these deserve it!
B000VW69IY Go Timerlands! I bought these shoes/sandals for my husband and he loves them.  He said they are really comfortable and they look nice on him.  We saw a gentlemen with some similar to these at a jazz festival, but these are just as nice looking.
B000VW69IY Overall good Nice but wish I ordered a number 9 instead of 9.5. And the number required for this review is too much !!!
B000VW69IY Nice casual shoes These fit me well, size is as advertised and they are very comfortable so far; well designed velcro latch also.
B000VW69IY Nice These timberland shoes are so comfortableI brought this item for myself and I'm planning to buy another pair on black.
B000VW69IY nice hi love  fit berry good hi recomend it to all fit gog nice price for it hi going one more next color
B000VW9HP6 Good sneakers These are a nice pair. I love the design. My only complaint is after time (few months) the insides begin to loosen up.
B000VX01V4 good leather and comfortable Very nice and very comfortable. I was actually surprised they fitted so well. Shoes are not easy to buy and are a risk.
B000VX01V4 Nice! Size fits nicely, the rest are as expected and the inner sole is comfortable too. I bought this for my son and he will probably wear them daily. Nice shoes overall.
B000VX01V4 Nice shoes, good material Though the color is a little bit different from the photos, this's still a nice pair of shoes. Good material, stylish.
B000VX01V4 Nice shoes. For what you pay. Same quality as in the past.Highly recommended.Worth how much you pay.I would buy one more soon. :)
B000VX01V4 love it very very nice shoe specially with shortsit fits soo cooooooland it is very very comfortable i like it
B000VX01V4 GOOD NICE PRICE NICE Quility It's perfect.color is great.i think it's the best choice.i'm satisfied. i recommend you.
B000VX01V4 Nice I love this simple easy shoes ya !!!!!!!!!But it's not good for jogging ~Don't do that please ~ I beg you
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocurua Boot These are very nice boots for the money, they fit true to size, and feel very nice and light on my feet, they dont have a whole lot of padding in the bottom, but that hasnt been a problem. Ive only worn them for about a week now. The only problem I have it when they're laced all the way up the laces tend to slip over the the top of the tongue.
B000VX03GC Timberland is quality. Love these boots, they fit nice and look great for wearing in the winter. They come off and one real easily, and provide me with all the warmth I need.
B000VX03GC Nice boot! Very nice boot, comfortable. love them so far. It's only been 2 weeks,will do another review in about 2 or 3 months.
B000VX03GC Nice shoe, nice price A very comfortable and lightweight boot. Price, including shipping was better than any retail store. Are waterproof, however a nice mink oil applied cannot hurt.
B000VX03GC Nice Hiking Boot Just received my new Timberland hiking boots, really looking forward to trying them out in the Dominica rainforest this coming week-week.They fit extremely well are comfortable and well made.
B000VX03GC Very nice! Very nice boot for the money. Comfortable and good looking. I had a pair and ordered this pair for my dad.
B000VX03GC Nice looking and durable They were a surprise for my hubby and he loves them. Timberland's quality comes thru again, both in comfort and durability.
B000VX03GC Nice boots, Nice price Boots arrived on time.  I was expecting Timberland quality and that is what I received. These were not discounted to the point of claiming that I received a great deal but I shop Amazon for convenience and that is exactly what they were, quality boots delivered to my door.
B000VX03GC high recommended Timberland has pretty good stuff the shoe is very confortable and very warm, very nice to have this pair of shoes
B000VX03GC very nice shoes i very like this shoes,it looks very nice!and the price is also good!i want to bus timberland's goods next time.
B000VX04PC Nice fit. Great shoe. I only where timbs. And these are the ones I didn't have. Now my collection is complete. Cool
B000VX04PC nice shoes the field boot is light weight like wearing sneakers they were tight half size smaller.than i wear but a nice boot
B000VX1BYK Nice boots! Nice Boots!  Great looking and comfortable.  The price was cheaper than outlet store for the brand. They do seem to run just a bit on the small side for the size.  I would buy these again.
B000XEA5ZI VERY NICE BOOT I AM ON MY 3RD PAIR OF THESE, THEY ARE A LITTLE HEAVY, BUT WEAR REALLY WELL. HIGHLY !!!!! BUY
B000XEAA0S Nice boot. Nice boot. Hope it lasts as long as my last pair of Timberland  Pros, that will make me very happy.
B000XEAPDA Timberland Pro Titan These boots fit great and are really comfortable! They are true to size! Nice dark brown leather and grippy soles!
B000XEH2JA Light weight and tough These are warm, heavy duty tough but yet nice and light. I love Timberland Pro boots and this is my third pair. My other two pairs are still around and still nice even though they have been around for years.
B000XEIZ7S Great boot for the price These are nice light weight boots and I had them broken in within 3 days and now I wear them all the time.
B000XEJ9V4 Nice These are really nice boots . Super comfortable well made, quality boots. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a nice pair of boots
B000XEJ9V4 HIt the three bases: 1.  Look good2.  Fit well.3.  Warm.Would be nice to have a loop on the back. . .hard to put on.
B000XEJ9V4 Nice boots! Nice boots, the width was a little small and I am hoping with wear they widen a little. Thick sole, sturdy construction and nice looking.
B000XEKHOC Nice boots These are nice boots; they look good but I think these boots could use a little more insole padding, but most other work boots do as well, especially CAT. Get yourself some insole padding. Otherwise they are rather nice and effective boots.
B000XEKHOC Great boot, with little diasppointment It is a nice pair of boots. It make me tall in fact. But the inner space is larger than what you thought.
B000XEKHOC nice shoes,tough proof and soft touch nice shoes,tough surface and soft touch. I like it.Product is not made in China.  Dominicana produce it.Only problem is the size is a little big.
B000XEKHOC Nice Great boots very comfortable not waterproor, water resistent yes .................  .. . . ..  . ....  ......  .....  .....................  .
B000XEKHOC Nice boots Real nice boots.  I bought a pair for both my sons and they both loved them.  They are sturdy but comfortable and look great. And I loved the huge discount as compared to paying the Timberland direct prices.
B000XEKHOC nice Exactly what was expected. Warm and dry. Has impressive sole giving lots of traction without being to heavy. Nice for work or casual wear with jeans.
B000XEKHOC Nice boot for a nice price! I buy these all the time! I am pleased with this Timberland Pro boot and will continue to buy them as long as they keep making them.
B000XEKHOC very good This shoe is very appropriate, I like&#65292;I will continue to focus on the future&#65292;would recommend to friends&#65292;very nice&#65292;good and very nice
B000XEKIUK TIMBERLAND PRO..VERY VERY NICE I JUST GOT THEM TODAY AND I LOVE THEM ALREADY..I TRIED THEM ON BEFORE AT BOOT STORE BUT THEY DIDDNT HAVE BLACK SO I CAME ON AMAZON AND THEY WERE 30 DOLLARS CHEAPER WITH 1 DAY SHIPPING I WAS A LIL SKEPTICAL AT FIRST BECAUSE I NEVER BOUGHT SHOES ONLINE BUT WHEN I GOT THEM TODAY THE FEEL JUST AS GOOD AS THE ONE AT THE STORE.AND FOR 30 BUCKS CHEAPER..I RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE WHO NEEDS A NICE STEEL TOE BOOT..
B000XEKIUK Nice boots These boots fit great, comfortable, and they keep your feet nice and warm. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a tough pair of boots
B000XEKIUK Very nice boots fit well Very good an comfortable  nice color hope to last a long time. Takes couple of days to break in. Tread is tough.
B000XEKK94 nice product! these are the best shoes i have buy !i is ligther than i think ,and is very comfortable !and the price is very nice too,so, THX Amazon very much!
B000XEKK94 Nice cant find better Very good quality boots can find better for this price,I am proud now when I own a pair of Timberland shoes.
B000XEKK94 Nice boots Nice boots.  Fits as true to size.  Heavy duty yet comfortable.  Look forward to wearing them for outdoor activities.  Would definitely recommend.
B000XEKK94 Nice Boot Nice boot in the extreme weather! Efficient Water-proof leather and great thermal resistance design! Not in a expensive prices but it can protect you foot.
B000XEKK94 everything is ok Nice quality, comfortable and tight fit. A little bit less pretty in real life comparing to the ones on the picture though.
B000XEKK94 Nice Nice semi soft toe boot. Fit well and break in period is very fast and pain less. Would buy again
B000XELF3O Nice work boot Has these for awhile now and I must say they are a workhorse. They were stiff at first, but eventually broke in really nicely. Definitely will buy another pair when needed.
B000XELF3O Timberland pitboss Nice boots as expected. Took a little longer to break in than my other Timberlands (about a week). very comfortable now.
B000XELF3O nice boots was very excited that I didn't have to go to town and shop for these and when they arrived was very surprised how well they fit will be doing this again in the future
B000XELF3O Pretty shoes Very good, my husband love it very much! I would like to buy a women style for myself. It's really nice.
B000XELF3O needed a wider one The boots look great.  Just have a wider foot than 2e.  Ordered a Timberland in a 4e. Fits better.  Nice looking.
B000XELF3O Pit Boss Work boot The tongue is a little thin and the studs that the laces wrap around are small.  Fit as expected and overall nice quality for the price.
B000XELF3O Nice looking, but not the best. The boot looks nice, nicely padded. It was stiff at first and in about 9 days it was better. For some reason it hurts the back of my left heel. I walk all day at work and even though they are comfortable, I can't figure out why it's hurting my heel so much. Giving it time to see if it goes away. I've always worn timberland  titaniums and they're the best. Tried this one out since the were about $60 less and had good reviews. I always buy a size less but with these I had to buy the exact size. Wouldn't buy them again, but I'll have to try wearing them till I can afford getting my old ones again. Let's see if it gets better.
B000XELF3O nice boot Fits and feels good, nice long lasting boot. Very nice sole and leather. Should last me a few years I would think.
B000XELF3O :) just what I needed for Work they fit nice and don't leave my feet aching I would buy them again
B000XELF3O Probably not going to last as long as expected Fits good, looks really nice.  Husband has been wearing for about 3 months and they show some exterior wear (scratches, stitching damage, and the leather has been scuffed off the front toe of one) and he has reported some discomfort from the steel rubbing his foot.  He walks about 15K steps a day and drives a semi.  The boot rubbing is mostly on his shifting foot.  They are very nice looking and the price was good.
B000XELF3O nice boots Received TIMBERLAND PRO very nice looking. They are for my son. He tried the on and was impressed with how comfortable the are, and also said they "rock" when he walks. We'll see how they hold up.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable! Nice out look and helpful.I buy this to protect my toes in the work shop.I will introduce this to my friend.
B000XETJU0 Timberland pro Very nice boots but Very heavy !! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Timberland pro
B000XETJU0 Great boot The boots are really nice the soles are kind of slick on the ice. But over all really nice and once they are broken in I'm sure they will be really nice
B000XETJU0 Nice boots. Nice boots.  True to size.  Bought them for motorcycling and working around the yard.  They seem like they'd be really comfy for someone on his feet all day.  Really well made and high quality materials.
B000XETJU0 Nice boot, loose fit The boots are nice looking but I found them to fit a little loose.  I tried a half size smaller but they were way too tight.  Overall very satisfied.
B000XETJU0 bigger than expected these are a little roomier than a sneaker 9.5, but otherwise after a week they are holding up fine.  look nice and comfortable fit.
B000XETJU0 nice boots solid, looks great with jeans. hurt when I first put them on but after a few days it's  getting comfortable
B000XEVJJO Pretty nice Nice boot to work, confortables and looks great, good ankle protections, strong design, don't looks like a work boots. Highly recommended
B000XEVLF6 Nice light weight Steel-toe boots Fit's nice, better then i was expecting.  Comfortable and light weight, and for the price i paid, can't beat'em.  I would of given it 5 stars, but I've only had the boots for a week.  Don't know how long they'll hold up, but very nice work boots.
B000XEVM50 Stylish but not best comfort! Fit true to size bothers ya feet when worned a long time though overall they are nice looking but average
B000XEW60K Nice Ordered them for a nice price, delivered on time and fit like a glove! Wore them all day long at work and very happy I bought them.
B000XEW60K Nice but small fit They look nice but hurt at the heel  area, one dreads to put them on as the same pressure spots are subjected to the pressure
B000XEW60K Too tight on instep For a large foot the instep is cramped. I should have known by looking at it. But I had seen a gusset on the side that I thought would take care of the problem.  Nice shoe, very nice shoe. But fitting is problematic
B000XF04LM Excellent True to width and size, fits great as a 10D, looks nice, very comfortable, nice interior width of the steel toe, fashionable and easy to like. I highly recommend this shoe.
B000XF04LM Nice and good looking shoes They fit my foot perfectly, I will always come back to you if I need them again. Great and nice stuff.
B000XF04LM Timberland oxfords Comfortable shoe,  With a nice simple look to it just got to wait to see how durable going to be. Hopefully the last long time
B000XR2GN4 great boot Very nice for 78 bucks very comfortable. holding up very well.very happy with this purchases. Omg really I need more words total bs to have to keep writing after I say they are good boots.
B000XR2GN4 A nice fit ! I really do have size 14 extra wide feet.  These are a good fit, in fact, I normally replace the sole inserts with an orthotic insert and from how these feel I think it will be a perfect fit.  So for the price these are good, I'm sure a person could spend a lot more but for usual day to day outdoor winter walking, these are pretty nice.
B000XR2GN4 Sturdy and Comfortable Very nice insole, with plenty of shock-absorption.  The books look really nice and wear very well.  Also, the soles are surprisingly slip-resistant.  Though I have had slip-resistant shoes and boots before, I've never noticed any resist slipping on ice as well as these do.  I'll be getting another pair of these when I wear my current pair out.
B000XR2GN4 Very nice and comfortable Nice boots, only wore them a couple of times but very nice fit and comfort.I can't wait until Winter.
B000XR2GN4 Nice boot but oversized I would having given these boots four stars , had they not been oversized. They are still pretty comfortable though
B000XR30FM Nice and cushy Nice and cushy.  On top of working in construction zones, I also have to walk from site to site.  They are super comfortable and have great grip! I've read before that you're supposed to wear 1/2 smaller Timberlands, but this was true to size for me.
B000XR4IXA Fits nice and lightweight These boots are comfortable, fits nice, and are very lightweight. Would definitely recommend these boots. Great price and looks good.
B000XXGMRO nice I like this pair of shoes, a suitable size, no pressure foot feeling, have certain waterproof function, the sole is very thick, very comfortable, with jeans really is a good idea
B000XXGMRO Very nice boot! Pretty nice looking and comfy boot. My only complaint is when laced up completely, the tongue digs into my lower shin. It's partially my fault cause I wear ankle socks. All I did was rolled the top of the tongue down, problem solved ;)
B000XXGMRO nice Have not had them long but my husband says they are are comfortable and they look great!  Nice for casual or Sundays.
B000XXGMRO nice boots Very comfortable boots,  look nice, and extremely light weight!  Feels like you have a pair of Jordan slippers on!  They run big like every other timberland boot so if ur a 11us get a 10 and that will be perfect unless u wear thick socks so get 10& a half
B000XXGMRO Very Nice I've wanted these boots for years, and they are everything I hoped for.  They are both comfortable and rugged.  They are also stylish with jeans or khakis.
B000XXGMRO this is  boots that very comfortable and fashionable. good boots I like it so much &#65292;and everone told me that's very nice when they met me~~~~~so i will be put it everday~~~~~~~~~~~
B000XXGMRO Nice looking but not tough enough! Had to returned mines, needed something tougher for winter and these weren't going to cut it.Sill is a nice look and a great price of around $100, the usual price is $160.
B000XXGMRO nice boots I really like these boots.  They fit my feet well and are comfortable.  I had no blisters during break in period.
B000XXGMRO Awesome Boots! I have never had a pair of really nice boots... I wanted some for this coming winter, and I cannot be more pleased with them. I have always heard Timberland makes some of the best boots, and this seems true to me. I have only had them for several days now, and they are already extremely comfortable. I wear a size 14, and got the wide. They are perfect. They are nice and tight and do not slide around on my feet. There is also just the perfect amount of space that I can wear thicker socks if I want to. I am not sure about other people saying they run too large, because I always wear a size 14 and they are great. The leather is nice and thick and the stitching is done very well. I am extremely pleased, and am glad I have a nice pair of boots that are waterproof for the winter. They seem like they are going to last me a long time!
B000XXGMRO nice boot This boot is nice looking and it's very fomfotable as well. It runs a little bit large so you probably need to buy a samller size. I normally ware 7 so I buy a 6.5 and it fits me very well.
B000XXGMRO VERY NICE this is a very nice boots you will like to have....they look smart with jeans and cargo shorts..BELIEVE IT OR NOT THIS IS A NICE SHOE DESIGN..
B000XXGMRO nice quality for the price as expected, the size was one size too large.  but good thing I factored this in and ordered one small.  fits snug and comfortably.the leather is nice quality, and the shoe overall is long and sleek.haven't tested out in the snow yet, but looks like it will do just fine as far as durability.
B000XXGMRO nice but make sure they  fit you its not amazon fault it is mine , just have to be sure next time that timberland shoes are bigger than others
B000XXGMRO Nice boots for the price as long as you stay away from H20 The boots fit as expected but if you are looking for water proof these are not the ones for you.
B000XXGMRO Nice Boots These Earthkeepers are worth your interest if you are moving trough different environments and climates. They are not built for long walks because of thin rubber sole and a flat footbed but this can be fixed with an improved inner sole. They are big in size, choose a smaller shoenumber! They remind me of the vantage boots my ancestors used decades ago, nice look and feel! The quality seems to be good. No doubt! My new favourite traveling shoes:) Recommended.
B000XXGMRO Great looking boots! My husband loves these boots. They are casual but nice enough to wear with a pair of cargo pants. They fit well along with nice leather.
B000XXGMRO Nice boots They are pretty nice.  Color and size are as expected.  Not warm at all, although I didn't expect them to be.
B000YDQ9NU Oh Timberland I love this shoe, very comfortable and smooth as well as an the impeccable color. This is very nice summer shoe, worn with a nice plaid short or jeans you'll definitely have some compliments guarantee.
B000YSSL22 Nice Shoes! These shoes aren't as comfy as I had hoped, but I have wide feet.  Other than that, they are a good sturdy shoe, and they look nice! I love Timberlands!
B000YSSL22 so nice and comfy this is very beatiful pair of shoes and very comfortable. Due to its business smart look, you can wear it with business suits.
B000YSX27Q Nice pair of shoes Nice pair. Great to wear on all weather conditions. Nice comfy inner soul. Wish they had more colors available
B00110CR1S lije it Comfortable  and stain resistant.  Children like, is a little small. Good looking boots,  well made,  Really nice shoes, Ha ha
B00110CR1S Very nice pair of boots Came out as expected. We ordered size 4 for 8 year old boy, expecting he will be able to wear them for at least couple of years. 3.5 would probably be the right size but I deliberately ordered bigger. Nice looking boots!
B00110CR1S Super Quality I love this Hiker boots, fits perfectly, lightweight, runs like a tank. I sincerely recommend anyone looking for a nice boot to buy this one.
B0014EE3PE Really nice quality boot I got these for my 4 year old son.  They look very nice and durable.  They are comfortable for him as well.  The dirt and sand just brushes off the suede so they stay looking nice.  I'm very happy with these and would buy again.
B0014EE3PE very  good&#65292;fit as expected I got these for my 10 year old girl, They look very nice and durable. I'm very happy with these and would buy again.
B001760EHA Love this shoe These shoes are super nice and have a great price!! Go ahead and get you a pair.
B001760K56 Very nice quality! Fit is great. Leather is nice quality. Design is very stylish! Would highly recommend this boot if you want an all around casual boot.
B001760K56 Good multipurpose boot Nice-looking very comfortable and sturdy they seem well made. Nonslip tread good for snow or mud, general outdoors but nice enough to where to town.
B001760K56 Excellent choice, nice as loking. Nice as expected, nice leather, good price, 67 buck's less than every wear else.  so i like this shoes and my sister does!
B001760K56 Nice ! The boots were really nice but they didn't fit (to little) so I had to send them back, Dang !
B001887QF0 COOL, DURABLE, NICE SHOES ALL GOOD; MAYBE NOT THE MOST COMFORTABLE, BEING BOOTIES... BUT THEY LOOK VERY NICE AND LOOKED SO CUTE!
B0019IR8KM nice for the price feels like cotton, but isnt pure cotton..but nice and good bargain cuz i had got in sale..for semi-casual purposes
B001E4AHR2 Tim lower top hiker bought these for my son and had them shipped...he loves them. They look great with jeans and are the excellent quality you expect from timberland.  I bought the wheat and now will order the black because they are so nice. Makes the next gift giving occasion an easy choice. Order them... Very nice boot.
B001EWFF30 Timberland Boots It is difficult to find a good quality pair at a reasonable price that comes in a size 15.  They fit him nice and keep him warm.  nice product.
B001EWFF30 Real nice boots Very nice boot and very comfortable will by some more when the time is right and will let other people know about them
B001EWFF30 Nice boots for the money These are my forth pair of Timberland Boots. They are comfortable, casual, good-looking and also holding up well. Nice construction and lightweight boots for the money.
B001EWFF30 Thank you the timberland men boot is very very nice i must say thanks again it classy stylish and strong
B001EWFF30 Nice boot, nice fit. Very pleased with this purchase.  The fit was perfect and the boot was just as it was described. Never thought I would buy shoes online, but turned out to be a good experience.
B001EWFF30 Flume Fits great! There was no break in period. Flexes nice and moves well. Was worried about the upper loops. Some tend to wear out the shoe strings fast but these seem to move nice and no snags. 4 stars due to soles seemed a little flat and little cushioning, although no sore feet after a couple weeks.
B001EWFF30 Nice Boot Fit was spot on size. Nice boots and comfortable.These are not $200 plus boots but comfortable.Would buy again
B001EWFF30 Nice Lightweight Hiker This is my third pair of Timberland's.  The fit is a little bit bigger than the others but not returnable-so.Wear them all day at work with no complaints.A good value boot.
B001EWFF30 Very nice fit and finish. Very nice fit and finish. Great price especially when comparing this to what is sold for in retail stores. Waterproof works fine and has far as the lace tabs breaking off as others have stated, so far so good. Keep in mind because I read some had problems with the tabs breaking off I'm careful not to pull on them to hard. This is know way affects the tightness. I love the boots
B001EWFF30 Nice shoes I always ordered Timberland as it looks nice and durable. Again, Timberland still maintain a good quality of theri product. I love it.
B001EWFF30 Made for Walking Nice looking Shoe...... Fit was Perfect/Comfortable.  Nice Rugged sole.  Would recommend them to friends and family; and would buy another pair in the future.
B001EWFFNK Hiking Comfort Very comfortable, extremely nice looking hikers.  They seem to be very well made too.
B001FA13JQ Classic comfort I have many pairs of Timberland boots, but these particular shoes are the most comfortable. I wore them this weekend for a trip and never once were my feet fatigued or uncomfortable. These shoes are nice looking, and after they were stepped on 2 times at the theater, and rolled over by a nice lady (3 times) at the museum riding electric cart, they still look new.
B001FA16XO Nice THESE BOOTS WERE A MAJOR PART OF MY WARDROBE. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THEM AND WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO ALL.
B001FA1IGY Shoes They fit well. Comfortable, but take a bit of time to break in. Slightly less oily look than in the picture. Look very nice.
B001FXZU92 Nice boots! Comfortable and stylish but runs probably 1 1/2 size biger then it should be.I recommend going to sears and trying one on before buying.
B001FXZU92 eah...?? they are ok but killed my feet the first month.. but had to wear them cuz im too broke to buy new ones.. where the lases are they all rumply and doesnt look nice.. and something is wrong with the steel toe..something is pushing on my toes and really hurts but they wear very nice..not sure if i would buy them again tho.....?
B001JRMJEI Great Value Was looking for something between a shoe and small boot and this definitely fits the bill. Very comfortable, waterproof and rugged. Nice with a pair of jeans or a uniform which is what I wear it with. Definitely not dressy.
B001L1DBQC Great Boot Love the boot.  Not too heavy but nice and warm, and waterproof too.  I wear them anytime I have to walk through muddy wet or snowy conditions.  They have never let me down.  There is enough room to wear a nice warm pair of socks but they don't feel loose and clunky when you don't.  In my opinion they are worth the money if your looking for a nice work boot you can wear around town in adverse weather conditions.
B001L1DBQC very nice boots and fit erfectly style and look very nice i prefer this brand compare at my old caterpillar  the most is water proof and stay look good
B001L1DBQC Very Nice Very fast delivery and very nice product. Was worried about sizing when purchasing this boot online, but it was a perfect fit. Would purchase again!!
B001OI3FUY Good comfort I've never bought any sort of Timberland shoe wear, so wasn't really sure what to expect.  I tried them on and bought them right then and there.  Nice leather, good finish, and yes, they are better suited for semi-casual/casual wear (great with jeans!).  Not really that appropriate for formal/pant suit wear.  Padding was surprisingly comfortable.  Very nice shoe.
B001PBK87I Really comfy, really great! These boots are very nice, I love their color and they are built really well. They are also very comfortable, like most Timberland shoes. It was my first time wearing 8" boots and I was worried they might be uncomfortable, but they are actually really nice and soft, no chafing. Sizing wise, they are true to size, but since they are boots, they are obviously more roomy than normal shoes. It was definitely worth the buy!
B001SARJXC Nice Boots, slippery sole. Very nice and confortable boots, but the sole is very very slippery.Good leather, good finish.I recommend, but take care on wet groud!I do not see the point in a water proof boots with a sole so slippery...
B001SARJXC Nice boot. A little bulkier than I expected but ... Nice boot. A little bulkier than I expected but not a big deal. I have long skinny feet and boots fit well
B001SARJXC Look too much like rain boots I was expecting the boots to be nice enough to wear in to work but they didn't look that nice. They look more like rubber rain boots than anything. I ended up returning them.
B001SARJXC Great quality, and very comfortable Since I put them on I was impress...I work on feet all day, other shoes failed big time on me, but these ones keep my feet nice and I don't get tire on the job at the end of the day. They look really nice, I got good compliments as well. Everyone is like: oh they are tims, Nice ones! They have a good arch, i think that's what it makes these shoes so comfy. I have the brown version as well.
B001SARJXC Great fit Really nice boots.  I'm on my feet almost all day and these feel great.  True to my size and easy to get on on off.  Really think the look is dressy and casual  - whatever you put with them. The leather takes a nice shine and a simple wipe off has them looking good.  Recommended.
B001SARJXC Timerland Boots These boots have a nice look and are comfortable after they are broken in. Nice boot for motorcycle rides.They run large, I wear a ten in other shoes but a nine in these.
B001SARJXC Better than expected Out of the box I was ready to send these boots back after a few hours they were so uncomfortable. But after two days they now fit like a glove and are almost as comfortable as my sneakers. They really looked sharp and held up to the first snowfall here in New York. They are certainly nice enough for routine trips to the courthouse and business meetings although obviously not as nice as dress shoes. They look great with bluejeans too and are good for going out where you need something to hold up to the snow and slush yet when you're in the club you want to be reasonably fashionable. You really do need the straps to pull the boots on and the straps are on both the front side and backside of the boat so that's great. These boots are most definitely worth the money.
B001SARJXC Nice comfortable fit Well i'm a size 13 & that's what i ordered. They fit as expected and they are definitely more comfortable then i expected for a boot.
B001U0OUOG amazing comfort and rugged design ~ my 2nd pair of these :-) Timberland makes amazing boots and these are my 2nd pair of this particular Timberland.  I have this Black now and also a Grey pair.  Very rugged and versitle boot.  I live on a ranch and do a lot of outdoor work.  These are nice for most outdoor tasks that i do.  also wear them to town and on the road as well.  They are nice looking and extremely well put together like all Timberland gear.  Im a huge Timberland fan and so is my wife.  we have both benefitted from the high quality of Timberland footwear.  our feet simply feel better when we wear these boots.  and almost any Timberland boot will quickly become your favorite boot, but these are really nice :)  i have mine on right now, and usually wear them all day.  they do great in the snow and mud and protect your feet nicely although they do not have a steel toe.  The side zip design is smart and works well.
B001U89MO6 NICE BOOTS VERY NICE BOOT. WARM AND COMFORTABLE. TRUE TO SIZE.GREAT QUALITY AS TIMBERLAND IS KNOWN FOR. ITEM ARRIVED QUICLY. PEASED WITH PURCHASE.
B001UE6R8O Nice looking shoe The shoes seem fine.  They look nice and have a very sturdy sole.  My son does say they aren't really comfortable, but he's only worn them a few times so that's to be expected.  They don't hurt him, but they are a solid shoe and just need to be worn more often to make them comfy I think.  A nice shoe at a nice price, certainly better priced that other black leather dress shoes on Amazon.
B001UE70IK Nice Style, Well Made and Comfy! These are very nice boots that were purhased for my son, who has yet to get them! They fit a woman size 7, and they are very comfy, stylish and durable! I know they will hold up to what a kid puts his boots through:) We plan on getting another pair since I like them so much. The laces stay tied, which I know at times can be an issue in some boots. Nice black sharp color, and comfy to wear. They do not hurt your feet.
B001VNCKJ4 Nice look Nice look... Friend of mine found same boot for 35$ elsewhere. Not too happy about paying 100$Compared too 35$
B001VNCKJ4 Nice Boots I dig these boots. They have a long toe box so size down. Other than that, they look great and are a nice casual option.
B00213JRNU Nice comfortable short Nice soft and comfortable. Material seems good and could stand up to wear. The look like any regular old cargo shorts but perform well. nicely designed.
B00261CDYW Happy The shoe arrived just like it is shown in the picture~ :) I would recommend it. In Taiwan, Timberland cost twice or triple the price so it's nice to buy it here.
B00261CDYW Nice shoe The product is what I expected.  Nice fit and it was a brand new condition.  Very happy with the purchase.
B00261CDYW nice nice a good fit I would be buy a next one soon or right after these words I am typing
B00295RJIU These are really nice and comfortable I did consider other shoes for my professional appearance but they were not as comfortable.  The price is not bad either.
B00295RJIU very comfortable I can't wait to wear these to work Monday.  They are very comfortable.  Cushion, soft, nice pair of shoes. Thanks
B00295RJIU Lots of cushion These are feeling great on my feet, they are a little tight at the top of my foot but I think they will break in nicely. Nice look and easy to clean.
B002ASAJPG nice boot i have owned  four pair of these boots about a pair a year great fitting boots would be nice if they lasted a little longer
B002ASAJPG Nice boots Like the fit and the way they feel on my feet. Warm and the steel toe is a nice feature. Would buy them again.
B002ASAJPG Good boot Fits as expected. The only down side, slightly heavy. On the other side nice boot great fit, warm. nice look.
B002ASAJPG Nice boots I like the way they fit and look but they are pretty heavy.  If you have to walk a lot at work, think twice
B002ASAJPG Very nice and comfortable. Ordered these boots on Saturday and got them this morning, Monday morning. They fit very well and are very comfortable. I have an old pair of timberland pro series and this pair is a very nice replacement.
B002ASAKN2 NICE nice I bought these boots for my husband for work. He LOVES them !! They are a very nice looking boot and very durable. He said they are a heavy boot but didn't take long to get use to the weight of them.  He highly recommend these boots! They are pricey but WELL worth it !!
B002MAS1O8 Very nice! Comfortable and look great! Better than expected except they were too expensive! I splurged as I could not find anywhere else
B002MAS1O8 nice To my son to buy, look at warmer.But there was no plus shoes itself is a little heavy, velvet, if I could add some plush so much the better
B002MAS1O8 Nice boot The boot is very nice and fit for me. I like this color so much :)It's good experience for the shopping
B002NEGCC6 Nice Shoe Although they are a bit tight, these are extremely comfortable shoes right out of the box.  This is my third pair of timberlands and all are very comfortable to wear.
B002NEGCC6 Nice timberland shoe Nice shoe very comfortable, the only little problem is that it's a little difficult to clean it, although you cn use soda for that
B002NEGE7E Nice, but sole wore out Very nice and comfortable shoes, but as with many other modern shoes the soles wear out much quicker than the shoe itself, as the rubber layer is quite thin.
B002NEGE7E Nice shoes nice shoes and god product and nice color and very confortable, arrive on time, nice packthanx TimberlandEduardo Romero
B002NEGE7E Nice shoes Very nice pair of casual shoes, I liked the color pretty much, very confy and nice cushion. I did not match the right size for me.
B002NR5ZH6 nice boots the inner walls are quilted so there is a little padding so they are comfortable. nice styling they are different
B002NWZVG6 very nice i love this shoes very much.  The design is nice, and very comfortable to wear.  i love timberland shoes all the while.
B002NX00C0 Very comfortable and looks great I liked these so much that I'm searching for a timberland 'dress' winter shoe.  They are very comfortable, and they look really nice.  I can wear them with shorts, dresses or even to work with dress slacks.  They are one of my summer go-to shoes.
B002OHEEG8 Nice, Comfy fit I bought these for my daughter. They fit well, are rugged, and comfortable. She uses them on varied terrain and has no issues.
B002OIBXYS Cool styling This is a nice watch with a very comfortable band. I like how rugged it really is yet stylish enough to wear anytime.
B002PK1MM8 Nice shoes Nice and comfortable...I bought this for my hubby (Ney). He loves it very much. I am happy with this purchase.
B002PMURGI Really nice drivers!! I ordered these for my husband and he loves them!  They are really soft and comfortable.  No breaking these in, they are already there.  He has started wearing them more and more and they look nice on him with jeans or khakis.
B002POC5VQ poor fit for me The sandal looks nice, but the fit was poor for me.  It's made for longer toes I guess; my heel and everything was where they should be, but I had 3/4 inch beyond my toes that made me trip just walking in my house.  I normally wear a 7.5 - 8.0.  So, bought the 7.5.  The red was also a bit darker red than what the picture looked - still nice.  I had to return.
B002WJHCZ8 nice Good for winter,  make you feel warm, very nice fit. as I bought before .. nice colors as seen, same.
B002YOMJPY water proof nice boot,i like the water proof,so far so so so good. a  nice looking boot,buy it,looks great.a a a a
B002YOMJPY Wonderful Boots Nice boot and very comfortable. I will likely order another pair. Good traction and footing on icey trails and walks.
B002YOMJPY Nice After a little break in time very comfortable and very rugged and tough yet pretty light fits like sneakers. A+
B002YOMJPY Nice Boot As expected, great fit, nice boot. Short break in period. Timberland boots are usually high quality. I would buy again.
B002YOMJPY nice and solid these boots are nice and solid.  I like them and have no complaints ... have not tested the waterproof part yet.
B002YOMJPY nice hiking boot I usually wear a 9.5 nike tennis shoe and ordered the 9.5 d with these they were here very quickly and tried them on and they fit nicely and are very comfortable I just received them today we will see how they do in the winter
B002YOMJPY Nice shoes These are nice shoes, They fit me as espected and arrived on time I will totally recommend it to other people
B002YOMJPY really nice fit they fit very nice for walking on rocky trails - good traction and good footing which gives reasonable confidence and safety.
B002YOMJPY Nice looking boot Nice boot. Fits well and keeps moisture out.These boots are priced right. Hope they last a long time. Live in a pretty rugged area.
B002YOMJPY Great fit Nice fit and comfort. Maybe a little too much ankle padding but overall very pleased. Should work out nicely for hikes this summer.
B002YOMJPY My Blk Tims Fits nice,looks nice and goes perfect with a nice pair of jeans.I love um! I would definitely buy another pair... Same style different color.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Boots Excellent fit and great price for a pair of Timberland Boots!  Real comfortable and nice looking boot that goes very nice with a pair of jeans!
B0034G54BM Very nice I love my boots and I like the quality of the leather.  Yes I wish they came in brown, nice boots oh and they are comfortable
B0034G54BM Really nice I ordered these in a 6 W and they fit perfectly. They were out of the regular 6 so I took a chance and glad I did.They look really sharp with the different textures, and for the price I think I got a great deal.
B0034G54BM Very Nice boots Very cool looking boots.  Nice to wear with jeans and also casual skirts - denim, corduroy. They fit snug around the calf and are very comfortable and true to size
B0034G54BM Nice Great comfy, casual boot and decent height heel. Not high or too short. Stylish too. Nice. Can wear all day.
B0034G558E Amazing quality I like the fit, the leather is nice and stiff so you know they are well made. I expected them to be taller but I hadn't measured them I just went off the photo..
B0034G558E Nice Boot Very nice, not as comfortable as some others I tried. Also, should have ordered half size up...then I could have worn with thick comfy socks.
B0034G558E Feels Good, Looks Better! I really like the fit of the shoe.  It has a very nice look and, with the laces, I can wear them with leggings or skinny jeans.
B0034G5KAC Great except for cheap insoles Nice boots, appear to be reasonably well made, and good looking.  Only one problem.  Zero support from insoles.  Feet started hurting right away.  I pulled out the insoles and discovered an incredibly cheap excuse for an insole, with all the cushioning of a piece of compressed cardboard.  After I replaced the insoles, I have a nice, comfortable pair of boots.  But honestly, from Timberland I expected better.
B0034G5KAC Nice Boots Nice boots.  Good quality, not great.  Snug fit, but close enough to actual size.  Sizing-up (for me) would have been too large.  With wear, I'm hoping the snug fit will loosen up.
B0034G5KAC Beautiful Brown Boots Fit perfectly. Get compliments all the time.Nice brown.  I scratched them pretty good but it rubbed out nicely with polish
B0034G5KAC Nice boots Very nice looking and high quality.Just a little shorter than I expected.The mid section of this boots is soft nubuck so they don't stand stiff and that makes these boots look shorter, I think.
B0034G5KAC Nice boots..just not what I was looking for I ended up returning these boots because the color was a little too dark and I did really care for the suede material.  But I gave it four stars because they are very nice boots, just not what I was looking for.  Fit was good...i have 15-1/2&#34; calves and used the widest adjustment at the top
B0034XRYQ8 Nice boot.......tight at first. Very nice boot. It is true to size. Fits very tight at first, but once you walk around in it a few times, loosens right up.
B0034XS2G4 Nice Great shoe, it ran a bit large in width for me, so I gave them to my son.  But, they are very nice and stylish.
B0035LD2X8 Nice shoes & comfortable The shoes are really nice and pretty comfortable even were a little bit expensive, but it is pretty important to feel yourself well when you invest your money in a product with value added. I was really excited when received them.
B0035LD4P4 Nice shoes! I do not speak very well English, but I want to say that they are nice and comfortable shoes, only that the cords are very thin, but one will change them
B0037CW26I Great pair! Nice looking, elegant and casual, just what I was looking for. Very comfortable and fresh while using. No money waste.
B0037CW26I Like them for comfort ..not for looks Good shoe to go sockless with. Like going barefooted. Very comfortable. Nice fit. Only problem the front toe area is subject to extra wear.
B0037CW26I comfortable and not expensive a nice shose which is very comfortable and not expensive. just fit my foot, designed for drive the car, like it!
B0038JCZ9Y Nice boots! Very nice boots - comfortable and very cute.  Normally wear a 6 but got a 6.5 as some reviewers said they run small.  The 6.5 is perfect!
B0038JD1UG Too Small and Not Very Comfy These boots look very nice! Unfortunately they are extremely uncomfortable. They would be nice if they fit properly, but they are extremely narrow and pinch my toes. I wear a size 10 in shoes, and I can get my foot into the boot, but it is very tight and uncomfortable in there. I tried wearing them for a day, as I thought they might just need to be worn in, but I took them off after about 2 hours because my feet were KILLING ME!! I was highly disappointed because they look so nice!
B0038MBOMA nice frames very nice frames, they were a bit big but the style was nice. Just like the picture. Recomended by a friend!
B0039ZD3MK Very Nice Very nice boot!  Will probably have to replace the shoe strings soon-kind of thin, they hurt my hands when pulling them tight.  Very comfortable.  I've been buying Timberland for a couple years now and never been disapointed yet!
B003A67X5G Make sure the width is correct Very Nice shoe, however the width was a little tight fitting, but since wearing for a few days it has adjusted nicely.
B003A67X5G Great shoes love the way they fit and strength to slip, nice leather, over very good shoe, i would buy another pair!
B003A67X5G Nice The 4 star rating is for the fit they are a bit large in the front half but very easy to slip on.
B003A67X5G nice shoe Nice casual comfort shoe,simple sytling so as not to be too trendy. Maybe it is just a  tiny bit oversized.
B003BLPA00 Cute! GREAT Fit! the look is VERY VERY nice on I had them on for hours and my feet were fine. Its overall a nice fit I needed something quick and I always get plenty of complements on them. love the color/style you can walk in them for hours...it&#8217;s just a nice boot...it&#8217;s VERY comfy and its true to size!
B003BLPA00 boys boots very nice winter boots for boys only problem is hard to put on. great boots for school keeps feet dry looks nice with jeans
B003BLPA00 Nice shoe..but I really wanted to love these, nice pair of boots and warm, but very hard to put on due to ties. I could hardly put them on my son's feet and there is no way that he would be able to do it on his own. Every time we would have to put them on an off we would have to go thru hell, was sorry to send them back, I wish Timberland fixed that because I love the sale of the shoe, they need to keep in mind that little kids will have to put them on an off
B003CLGOE0 Very nice for the price. These are great to have for the summer to wear for dress up or down & they fit perfectly.  I recommend.
B003ELOYEA Size is more or less right. Nice boots! These are quite nice. The footbeds and soles are more substantial than I imagined they'd be, and they did all right on ice, even though there's not much in the way of lugs or tread on the bottom. They're well-constructed, and were comfortable on the first day of wearing, with a lot of walking. I was a little surprised at the pockets that are featured on the upper outside of the boot -- there's one on each side, big enough to fit a credit card, or a few bills. I overlooked that detail when shopping, and have to admit that there's something kind of cheesy and trendy about having boots with pockets. Oh well. They're warm, they're cute, and I appreciate very much that there are rubber guards on the toe and back of the heel, as that's where my previous boots took the most abuse. I'm a little concerned about the eyelets, as they are just thin suede straps that I can see breaking if someone pulls hard on the fabric laces, trying to tighten them. All in all, though, a nice boot. I wear a 7.5/8, have narrow feet, and the size 8 boots fit great.
B003ELOYEA nice to wear, beautiful to see Arrived on time.  NIce to wear.  Received lots of compliments!The black is not that dark, very matt finish, but very nice dough!Recommend!
B003ELOYEA Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Boots They are really nice. Having the laces as well as the zipper is a plus since you can wear them over pants or next to your skin.
B003ELOZSU Nice Boots...but.... This are nice boots. However, I had to return them. Following others advise, I bought 1/2 size up.  I usally wear 8 1/2 and bought a 9; they are medium width.  The boots fit fine except the "duck" part that runs across the top of toes was too tight - with only a very thin pair of socks.  After only a couple of minutes my feet hurt. The search continues.
B003ELP35Y Nice ballerina Bought them for my mother in navy blue / size 9 and she loves them very much. Good quality, great fit and shape.
B003EV5KB6 Nice My daughter loves these boots and wear them even with PJs around the house. Will buy a bigger size once she grows out of current.
B003EV5KB6 Nice boot for someone else This is a nice quality boot, however, it just wasnt for my daughter. My daughter is tall and slim these boots looked big and clunky on her thin legs. they made her feet look huge. It just was not the look I was going for. So the boots were returned.
B003EV5P0C Looks very nice boot Not wear them yet, bought them for this coming winter. The boots look very nice with good quality. My daughter loves them.
B003EV5QDS Love it Very nice boots.True size and comparing with other timberlands boots, the sole is a bite well made.I really like timberlands, and this shoes is not the exception
B003HKRGUM Nice boot For the money spent this couldn't be much better,fit comfort and workmanship is very good.I'm satisfied,by the way, I wear them almost daily with zero problems.
B003HKRJDG Okay There was a big crease down the middle of these shoes. They are nice if they don't look like they have been bent all up.
B003LVYXNA nice quality, good material The shirt fits great, Its a nice soft material which is comfortable to wear. If you're looking for a nice shirt then go ahead and get this one.
B003LVYY0C Warm and nice looking Fleece Vest I am very pleased with this vest. It is well made. It is warm. It has a great front zipper on it and it fits my brother real nice. It isn't the bright orange as pictured. I was HAPPY to see that it was a nicer calmer orange. I was afraid it would be construction bright orange but it was a real nice calm orange that will blend with many other colors. On cold windy days my brother wears it under his winter coat. It will be nice for in between weather like in the spring or fall to wear with a nice long sleeve shirt or sweater. It looks as nice as the picture.
B003NUQYC2 Break in time When I finally saw the product, it was pretty nice. It felt good just putting them on.  I wore them to work and three and a half hours later I had a bruise on my ankle, so I changed shoes. I did not give up yet, but had to wait because the bruise was not nice. Eventually, the hurt turned to the opposite side of my ankle, which I thought quite odd. After three or so weeks of on and off wearing them- they finally feel much more decent. I do like them enough to buy another pair and the soles have not started to wear down yet. They are definitely mot redwings, which is good, so I don't have to replace the sole every so often. It's been awhile, but I think they arrived a day ahead of the projected, which is always nice.
B003NUR3JK PRO Mens Very comfortable and nice looking. Very slip resistant, haven't slipped yet. They also are very easy to keep clean, nothing sticks to the soles. A very nice boot, well worth what I paid for them.
B003NUR4P8 nice boot i will buy again i will buy again
B003NUR6CE Nice fit My husband is very happy with it. The shoe is a little heavy which is what is expected I think.
B003TFEA5O Timberland Boots Nice boot-seem well made, I love the style, and they seem very comfortable! Especially like the soles-good traction for snowy weather.
B003TFEA5O Sooo hot! These boots are so nice looking, fit true to size.  I get compliments all the time I wear them. Im crazy about them - wanted other colors...
B003UFJCP6 Looks very nice Good quality. Looks nice. Feel comfortable. Much better than black one. But only for the beginning of the spring or for the end of winter
B003VMD68C Nice Nice i like the color great timberlands got some wools it look better than ever and the shipped fast the size good everything it comes faster and a good price...I dont pay shipeed
B003VMYDE8 What you see is what you get. These shoes are perfect if they are what you are looking for. The design is exactly what you see in the picture and there are no big surprises. The shoe is well made with nice details such as leather laces. The only surprise i found was the weight of the shoe, they were a lot heavier than I expected. All in all, these shoes are durable and nice.
B003VN3780 Nice Nice and classy but a little tight across the right foot. It hugs my feet nicely and will not stretch out quickly. I like the strong leather and wish they had more in different colors.
B003XHH0W8 Very nice and comfortable Very nice and comfortable boots. Perhaps a bit heavy but as whole I will recomend this product.Besides the sheeping was ok.
B003XHH0W8 Fit Snug According to Size Nice-looking boot, but entirely too tight, even with the extra width. Could be a good match for someone without high arch.
B003YBW52S Nice boots, Man! I bought these after my last Timberland boots wore out. They are excellent boots as the canvas lets stinky feet breath and the curve of the boot's sole supports my feet so nice. I walked to work in them this morning and I thought with each step how happy I am I bought them and how good it was to have such a nice pair of boots. The world isn't such a bad place with these on.
B004H4WT04 Nice Shift good quality shirt.  Never thought my husband would wear the orange stripes on a regular basis (used for Halloween) but he has worn it several times to work.  Fit is nice and as expected and the shirt has held up great to washing.  Timberland is a great brand.
B004J8UQ9Y Nicely made and light These are very nice and worth their asking price. They are super light for a boot of this type. I know these will last.
B004JO8OPQ Very nice & comfortable! I think it rather comfortable and nice)) I bought it for my son, and he also like it. Unfortunately the weather is still cold, and he couldn't try it((
B004JZPRWS Very nice Very nice fitting, comfortable and can wear in a semi-professional capacity. Tread has a nice grip on ice and snow.
B004JZPRWS excelent!!! Very nice looking, the colour is great, resistant, comfortable, they look great with light blue jeans. No cons, only pros.
B004JZTNU0 Nice Boot Nice boot looks good on my feet, goes well with jeans and a nice vneck tee. Can't ask for a better chukka boot.
B004K22QM4 Mehhh... Personally, I expected these boots to run a little more on the fashion side, but they are clearly more on the work boot side. I think they're nice, but just a little too fat for what I was looking for. I will say this, they looked as though they would last forever. Timberland does a great job of making boots that will hold up through anything. I'm giving this 2 stars because of my personal preference, but as others have stated, it's a very nice boot.
B004K22QM4 nice boot Good looking boots,the leather is smooth and it's so confortable to wear.There are some tiny scratches on the boots but not obvious.
B004K66PAE Nice boots but didn't fit well The boot was nice and looked and feeled exactly as the seller proclaimed, however it didn't fit over my calf and bunched up so I had to send them back.
B004K66PAE NIce boots I like my new boots.  The heel height is great and they are comfortable.  The only thing is that I was looking for something a little more dressy and these are super casual looking.  If you are looking for casual then this is your boot!
B004K66PAE great looking boot with nice heel height Love the way they look, however a bit tight and I think I will have to have them stretched so order 1/2 size up.
B004K66PAE lovely nice boots for my girl she can wear it with jeans again and she loves it so much and nice colour again and can  you wash them again
B004K6CATO Very nice!! I loved these wheat boots the minute I saw them! And they were much more comfortable than I expected (which means REALLY comfortable). My metatarsus usually hurts if the sole is too thin and these boots don't make my feet hurt one bit. They work great with jeans and pants, and I guess with some dresses/skirts as well, just I haven't tried that yet. Also, the leather finish is very nice.
B004KQ4IWG Nice shoes Nice shoes!My gf love it so much but it seems a little small but it is ok when after some days.
B004KREA6O I got two colors I love the style of this watch, and it's nice quality too! thanks so much....sure I will enjoy both of them
B004KREA96 very nice sporty watch, very nice sporty watch,looks as on website, and betterthe big strap can be dismantled from watch strapgood material used and good brand,recomend it for all men
B004KRLQA2 I love Really very nice watch comfort while warring no problem till now sports nice color soft rabber nice nice nice nice
B004KW8038 w.williams gave this shoe a 5 star. it feels good and walking feels really nice. i would recommend buying these shoes.
B004L8USFO Great boot that I returned These boots are lovely. The leather is nice and they were very comfortable. I returned them because they take too much time to put on and take off. To get them on you  have to loosen them completely to the bottom. For them to look good you then tighten the strings evenly. This requires tightening, adjusting and re-tightening. They are so nice that it would be worth it were it not for the fact that I already have a pair of boots that take that kind of time to put on. (They don't look anything like these.)They are also very dominating because of the color and the height. In my opinion they would be more suitable for the tall and not heavy build and disastrous for the short and heavy.
B004LKX9HQ nice! These boots are very nice! I sized up 1/2 size for winter socks, perfect. Quite comfortable and warm. Glad I made this purchase.
B004LL1ELS Just ok.. Didn't look as nice as the picture, and they slipped off the heel area..not a good fit. I sent them back.
B004LL34HU Nice shoes. The quality of the shoe was very nice, but the fit was way off.  Too narrow and too long in the toe.
B004LLSV5U nice These boots are nice and warm! Also pretty. They fit great but are very hard to put on. I didn't wear them ver often because of that reason.
B004LLSV5U Nice boots Boots arrived in a timely manner despite the holiday.  Just as advertised, nice fit. Sale price really made these boots a great deal!
B004P1YU8I Nice Wear comfortable, look very good, nice color ,  the only problem : easy to get dirty  in rainy day , be careful.
B004PAPNYY nice functional, not polarized. I've had theses for a week now, and can say they are nice.  I wish I could say that they did my taxes, or made me finish that marathon in under 2:00 but alas; they are sunglasses. just nice sunglasses.The lenses are not polarized which means I don't have issues looking at the screen of my electronics, which is a good thing when trying to ride.so yeah, oh, they look good, fit nicely and i have  good field of vision with them.
B004PFNIBY Nice aviators They look nice, and you definitely feel like a badass when wearing them, but these are not polarized so if you want something like that look else where.
B004PNE720 Very nice boot this boot is very comfertable almost like wearing a sneaker. fits good, looks good. My only issue with them is they scuff very easy really hard to keep looking nice.
B004PPLZEG Very nice boots I love these boots. They fit nice and snug. They do keep out the snow as advertised. I highly suggest buying these boots.
B004Q01HZM 1 nice boots. nicely built and nice looking. i am happy with them. and if you'd like green suede boots, you'd like them too.
B004Q01HZM Very nice leather boots I have been looking for a nice pair of black boots for some time.  I went to a lot of stores and shopped online.  After trying two pair from amazon I picked these.  The quality is very nice.  The leather is very soft and comfortable.  I had to size down from 13 to 12 which is consistent with Timberland shoes/boots for me anyway.
B004RDY5LQ Nice shirt Bought this shirt because it thought it looked nice, well i was right.  If fits true to size, although i think the sleeves are a bit short but not to bad.  The color is nice as well and the material is quality.  Havn't washed it yet so i'm not sure how it hold ups, but i'm sure it will be fine.  I'm a tall thin guy with broad shoulders, athletic build and this shirt fits well.  I'd recommend it.
B004RDY7O6 Very nice Very nice polo shirt. My husband liked it.  Fit was good.  Recommend.the colors are nice, beige with green stripes.
B004REL8TW So worth it I absolutely love these so warm such a nice fit a little bit hard to initially put on but wow what a nice looking boots and for the price cannot be beat have looked everywhere for a nice boot that my daughter would be able to wear for 1 season but didn't want to spend a lot of money and these fit the bill perfectly I would absolutely recommend this for anyone. Very comfortable very warm love them.
B004RKE00A Nice pair of glasses They are well made, comfortable to wear and do there job well.  Nice polarized lenses give a nice view of it all.
B004RQ1GPG Highly recommended Very comfortable boot the only problem I have with it is that its very heavy and the tread is very hard.  The inside of the sole is super nice and feels great on your feet. Highly recommended!
B004T0YVZ2 Not the expected quality for this brand After 6 times wearing them the top Velcro came off one side. It looked nice it had a great fit.
B004T0YVZ2 Nice boots! It's comfortable. Actually I ordered for myselt. I'm size 6 so I ordered 4.5 and it fits every well. Waiting for the winter coming.
B004X4I5WO nice product I got these pants for my 6 year old son. We both love them, they're very comfortable, not too hot either, and the quality is, as expected, very good. Nice acquisition.
B004ZCE19U Nice Boots I ordered these boots and  they were as described. They are rugged and stain resistant. They fit nice and are stylish. They are not however light boots, a little on the heavy side. But I love them just the same.
B004ZCE19U Nice shoes I considered this product because I could not find my size in any of the local retail stores. The shoes are exactly what I expected, look nice, and are very durable.
B004ZCE19U Nice boots I like the boots but they were a lilbit largeBut theyre still good and look nice. And thank you
B004ZCE19U Great boots! They are nice. I almost dont want to wear them because the are too nice. Great boots! Awesome fit. Good look.
B0052D2RXS Really cool coat! This coat is really nice looking on my son! We got it in the olive color. Nice warm coat, only problem is that it runs a little small. We were hoping to use it for 2 winters, and we will definitely only get 1 winter out of it, he is going to outgrow it quickly.
B0054HM2UU Nice boots Very nice boots. Very comfortable, glad that I bought them for my husband. He said that he can wear them all day in the yard.
B0054HM3YA Timberland pro helix very comfortable very comfortable from day 1 and a lot lighter than my previous boots. Also liked the price. very nice boot
B0054HM9GW nice boot very comfortable, they look great, seem sturdy so far, size is true. if they last me a year i would give the fifth star.
B0056QW98E comfy they are nice and wide and these were the Bseem to run just a tad bigthey are very comfortablethe shoes don't look like leather
B0056QW98E Nice set of ruby slippers okay not exactly ruby slippers but they are very comfortable, fit nicely and are nice enough to wear in a casual office setting
B0058SJKA0 LOVED Really versatile and nice shoes.  Still hurts a little by end of day, but with time shall improve since is leather.
B0058SJQTU Nice, nice shoe! Got the black ones and I love them. Very comfy. Only complaint is they make a noisy clomping sound on hard floors but I'll live with that for the comfort!
B00590P7GI Love em I was looking for a cute and comfy sandal for weekends and to go out. These sandals fits my request.I received them yesterday and they look very high quality, nice material, and then I wore them..are they nice! Soft material and a beautiful orange-brown color, they look so beautiful I feel like Pocahontas:p I plan to use them for my travels too so if anything comes up I'll advise.
B00590WN4C very nice I am in love with them because they fit great and they look simple and pretty....Looks very nice with everything
B00591UN48 Comfortable! Comfortable! Great boots!  No break in period.  Very nice leather with good price.  It is true to size and width.  The heels are not too high, but they are high enough to compliment your figure.
B00591UN4S very nice looks plain but it's truly comfortable to be in it. and the quality is nice. i think it can be used for several years.
B005973PUG Very comfortable and nice I love these boots.  They are very comfortable and are not snugged.  I would recommend them to everyone out there.
B005A5YQ2S light and supportive very nice boot, well made and light weight. as with all Timberland products the materials used and craftsmanship is exceptional.
B005A5YQ2S Great boots Love it! I bought these for my husdband, size fits good, looks the same as in picture. Nice Comfortable shoes.
B005A5YQ2S Nice boots Boots fit great, have good ankle support for a mid-boot, and some nice cushening. The boots look good enough to wear hiking or with jeans and even nice pants if the cuffs cover the lace loops.
B005A5YQ2S hella proper My first pair I lovem.and the shoes did not come sloppy in my size love the style very comfortable nice.
B005BWB2QI IT'S VERY NICE FOR ME IT'S VERY NICE! I LOVE THIS COLOR AND I LIKE Timberland very much.SO,I WILL BUY Timberland IN NEXT TIME.THANK FOR AMAZON.
B005BWB2QI they are nice We would get more if we They fit good and I like them we ordered more shoes thanks Douglas deon
B005BWB2QI nice shoe Nice shoe and seems to be well built. The reason for the 4 stars is that, in the spec published, it mentioned that it has anti-fatigue footbed, and it's displayed in the photo. But, the actual footbed doesn't seems to have the anti-fatigue label.
B005BWB2QI Almost as good as Bass I've been looking for a replacement to a pair of Bass boat shoes for a few years. (Sadly, Bass no longer makes a boat shoe, or at least I couldn't find any, even at their outlet store) I've tried several different brands and have been disappointed by all. I've tried Dockers (absolute crap), Sperry (nice but mine had several quality issues), and Nautica (not bad but I was never able to get them "broken in", just stayed too stiff. To be fair, it might have just been the pair I had but they were bad enough to make me try a different brand). This is my first pair of Timberlands. I've only had them for a couple weeks now and they are already broken in-Nice!Based on the other reviews here, I ordered them one-half size smaller than I usually get and they fit perfectly, even for a wide (EE) size.In addition to being reasonably priced, they use some recycled material in the construction. My pair was made in Bangladesh but I haven't noted any quality issues as yet. Also, the color options are very nice. I bought the chocolate but the taupe and dark brown are also nice.If you are looking for a comfortable, well-made boat shoe, these will fit the bill.
B005BWB2QI a little larger than expected Nice shoe&#65281;I ordered my normal size and when it arrived I was aware that it was a little larger . But the shoes are comfortable and nice.That's enough~~~~~~
B005BWB2QI Nice shoes This pair of shoes just the right size, very nice, I really like this kind of material. I love it.
B005BWB2QI Nice but the photo is a little off Nice shoe, but the leather appears to be polished in the photo but they are actually matte finish. I might order another pair.
B005BWB2QI Very nice shoe These shoes look great and fit nice - no issues since I have a very wide foot.  I would certainly purchase these again.
B005BWB2QI Quality shoes, a little big. Very nice quality. The coloration was consistant all over both shoes. Nice stitching; Feels like a nice thick leather.I ordered size 10 and they are somewhat wide, I had to tie the laces extra tight because they felt like they might slip off.Very good qulity shoe but wider than average.
B005BWB2QI Nope The quality doesn't look as good as the picture. The leather looks cheap and is way to hard. The whole thing is just not as nice as expected.
B005BWB2QI I like it It looks nice,I like it.But it is a little large for me.But it fit very well and are extremely comfortable.
B005BWB2QI They are beautiful boat shoes The leather is nice and firm, while the shape is good looking. Except that the size is somewhat larger than my expectation, they meet my needs and are indeed valuable.
B005BWB2QI Shoes fit perfect! I followed everyones advice about ordering a size or half size smaller, glad I did. These shoes are well made from the looks of it, nice real leather so expect them to be a little tight until they break in. Overall they look nice and feel nice just hope they hold up.
B005BWB2QI It's so nice It's just fit for my feet. And I noticed that I have bought two boots of this band before, and the size is 8.5 2E, but I bought this shoes of 7.5 M, and it just fits my feet.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoes Nice and comfortable shoes, delivered on time.
B005BWB2QI Not as Pictured The shoes show are a nice Leather , with a nice shine, the shoes received are like a suede no shine at allbut all the same name and number.
B005BWB2QI nice exceeded expectations really like the shoes & the price &the quality the speedy delivery was especially nice would recommend to anyone to at least try these shoes
B005BWB2QI I like it It is a nice shoe as depicted in your in your picture.  I like it.  What else doe want me to say
B005BWB2QI Quality and nice ! Nice shoes. I really recommend it. I have just a problem that I order little large.. I couldn't be sure.. but It still fits nice.
B005BWB2QI Very nice. I am for the spring and autumn season wear to buy, this is a pair of good shoes.Very nice.I will buy again.
B005BWB2QI Yes, run a little large, follow the average adjustment posted in these reviews to have a good fit. Shoes are wonderful though. The leather is strong and the stitching is nice and even, looks quite clean. Like the heel fit and the walk is surprisingly comfortable.
B005ERZ6MQ Four Stars Very nice kickaround shoe. A little hard on the ankles but nice shoe overall
B005ERZ6MQ Satisfied customer Really nice shoe, more stylish than I had expected and fits perfectly. I Iike Timberland shoes and boots; really happy with these.
B005FHWT5C it's ok cute, mostly comfortable - the sewn in tag rubbed my son's foot almost raw in  small spot on the top. you cant cut the tag out as its sewn in. wish the edges were smoother on the tag and he'd like them better.i think its a nice looking good shoe that he can hike, wear to gym class, and all around but it's a not $40 nice.
B005FI1VE6 Nice! Great for our Disney World trip!  She never complained about her feet hurting.  She was pretty stylish too.  Love them!
B005FI1VE6 They are Durable This look nice and are comfortable. I bought them for my grand daughter and she loves wearing them. They are easy to slip on with Velcro closures and comfortable enough to run in. She has been wearing them for over 2 months and they still look great.
B005FI1VE6 Sturdy, attractive, with nice long straps for adjustability Fits well, looks nice and sturdy. I particularly like the long straps with Velcro as my grandson has a high instep that makes wearing most over-the-counter shoes and sandals challenging, to say the least.
B005FM5Q3O Nice The size is perfect and it looks great, and my kid liked it so much, the price is good. if you like it buy it.
B005GT0YDS Happy Customer Very nice shoe and very affordable, my husband has big feet so shoes like this are hard to find.  Good quality and comfortable.
B005GY98C6 Great shoes for casual wear I love these shoes, they feel great on my feet and they look really nice.  The quality is very nice and after 2 months of wearing them they still look new.  If you're looking for a nice slip on that can give you that dressed up look while being very comfortable then this is the shoe for you.
B005GYK514 Nice choice! Comfortable I never thought that this kind of shoes were to comfy. It's a nice choice in a reasonable price! Recommended for this summer!
B005I6Z1T6 nice They did take a bit to arrive  but I like them very nice boot get compliments on them a bit higher than I thought they would be but nice boot
B005I6Z4JI Very Nice buy Have been looking online for a good pair of boots and bingo. The search is over ,Thank You Amazon. I will be working safer and much more comfortably.  I will definitely be ordering from you in the future.
B005I6Z4JI Good Quality!!!!!!! Thanks for getting it here for Christmas. The boots were very nice but he wasn't crazy about the tips in them. They are working out for what he wanted them for.
B005I6Z4JI Durable, light weight. Still breaking them in but very light weight and nice rubber tip on toe area. Nice and warm boot for the money.
B005LCQYYS NICE SHOES It 's perfectly fit and very comfortable . Also very good looking .  Can't wait wearing them in summer time
B005MI875U Good boots These boots are nice, good looking, nice fit, and the model is the same than the picture, these boots work nice for trekking.
B005MI875U Nice boots Nice Hiker Boots, Good design, nice color and very comfortable, I'm very satisfied with the purchase. 100 percent recommended. Greetings....
B006F676IW not functional its very nice looking wallet good material but not functional it lose its color after 20 days or lees i don't recommend any one to by it, if you need you can buy it with leather material i think it will be nice and heavy working
B006T2Z940 nice boots just sorta big nice looking and comfy but a little loose would be better if they were a little more snug around the ancle
B006T307QE Great shoes Very comfortable boots. Durabillity is good. A good tough sole. Nice material. Overall great boots,nice colors and a great product
B006T307QE Very comfortable These shoes are very comfortable. I am on concrete throughout the day and climbing stairs. They have great cushioning and look nice also.
B006T307QE Nice These boots are very comfortable and I'm sure they will be what I need this winter.  The only thing that surprised me was how heavy they are.  Great sturdy construction.
B006T307QE Wish they were more breathable Fits great nice and light weight but i wish it was more breathable might be nice during winter but not for the summer.
B006T30U8E Nice boots Ingor a small seaming promblem It's a nice boots with high quality. I have a very comportable feeling with this boots.
B006T32HGC Bulky. Nice looking boot but was very bulky and somewhat heavy. I also thought they were a bit too high in my opinion.
B006T32HGC Great boot I love these boots. They fit great. The size was correct. The quality of the boot is very nice. They are lite which is nice when you do a lot of walking on job sites. I really like the aggressive sole. Will see how they hold up.
B006T32HGC Nice boots. Need some time to break them in ... Nice boots. Need some time to break them in before writing up a review.Store prices were $180 and we paid $100 on Amazon...sweet!
B006T92AFE I like it Nice cotton, colors and good fit. They have some extension at the back of the hip that looks cool :p
B006ZGV9LM It is ok. It looks great on the website.  When I received it, the leather is kind of hard and not too comfortable to wear.  Overall, it wasn't as nice as I was expecting but overall, it is okay to have.
B006ZGV9LM Very nice boots Very well made, nice leather.  Also very easy to walk in...the boots are quite high-heeled.  Very happy with my purchase.
B006ZGZ9RM Very nice and comfy Very nice and  comfortable . I would recommend to anyone. Very unique. I love it. Material is exactly how it I in the picture.
B006ZIGS34 Nice sturdy boots These boots are nice. I got them in tan. They run a bit big. They look like cowboy boots. They are heavy but offer good support.
B006ZIGSYS Very Nice! These boots are so attractive!  They also make your feet look very small!  I would not be able to wear them if I was going to be walking all day (I normally do not wear heals) but they are great to wear to work (I am at my desk half the time) or out to our local pub. The first time I wore them I got many compliments.  The craftsmanship is great and the leather is very nice.  I would definitely buy these again and highly reccomend them to anyone looking for a unique boot that looks great.
B006ZJ39IA Nice shoes Nice hiking shoes and high quality.Feels true to size.I like them very much!!!!!I give them 5 stars.
B006ZJ3RC8 Nice everyday shoes The fit is true, they are a soft shoe that still takes wear very well.  Nice appearing and feeling, they stay tied, and I am pleased to have them as I saw them on my daughter in the fall and liked them just for looks.  I'll buy more.
B006ZVT856 Nice Boots! These are my first pair of Timberlands, and I was happy to see that there was triple stitching on all the stressed areas.
B0070SHSGE NICE SHOES SHOES ARE VERY NICE AND CAN BE USED FOR CASUAL OR BUSINESS CASUAL. FIT WAS TRUE TO SIZE AND COMFORTABLE.
B0070SHSGE Nice shoes but... These are nice shoes that fit as expected, but there is definitely a break-in period, which I hope ends soon,  The back of my heels are getting cut into by the top edge of the shoe.  Other than that, they are very comfortable and look great.
B0070SU44C Looks nice but cheaply made. The picture looks very nice but at the same time is a bit deceiving, the point in the boots is more pronounced than pictured which unfortunately gives you the western feeling. The material is very thin and it does not feel as if it would last very long nor be very comfortable for the time it does last.I ended up returning these boots, they just weren't worth the trouble for me.
B0070ZBUES nice shoes Bought for my son 1.5 size up so that he can wear it longer. At first it is a bit difficult to slot his feet because the ankle area is stiff but after few times it is ok. Over all I am satisfy with the purchase. Realky nice model,  quality as expected.
B00711TQNS nice wifey loves her boots in which our 5 year daughter has a pair as well. I will be ordering a few more pairs in the near future.
B00713499W Best Show This shoes is more than i expected. It has cushioning all around plus it has a really nice look and looks very strong.
B0071BD33M Very nice Very nice shoes for little boy! True to size. I bought these boots for my 3 years old son. And I like it, good choice.
B0072AE45S They fit well The boots are nice.  They fit well.  Not  Timberland person, per se, but it is comfortable and fits well.  Would recommend to others.
B0072AE45S very nice and comfy I bought it when it was on the lighting deal for $70 and I love it. It's very nice and comfy. I wear them every day and it's warn and nice.
B0072AFBKK Nice Fit Comfortable and secure.  Good and recommended for walking, and I'd include hiking and whatever else. Looks nice enough to wear to go out on the town too. Definitely recommend!
B0072NQFGQ Very Nice Fits great. Very comfortable, but I still have a little more breaking in to do. I love them.. Hope they last through the war of work!!!
B0072NQIZ4 Very nice Very nice shoes. Glad I ordered the wide. Very comfy. Have not worn for a long period of time yet but are comfy just wearing around house.
B007782V1O nice boot, stylish not warm, very rugged but stylish would recommend for fall but not winter, it fit nice and not waterproof , water leaked in
B007782V1O Nice boot When I ordered it, I am not sure whether it is the exact one what I need. It proved that it is. It is very comfortable and looks nice.
B007784JI2 perfect Great finish, comfortable, nice design.As all Timberland boots with great finish and comfortable fit and the design is very nice
B007G4VE30 Nice but should have been bigger Nice, Just wish it was little bit bigger!  cketMy credit card and bank card barely fit inside the holder. other then that fits good in any pocket
B007G4VR82 inner fabric tares easy. It nice but inside material is torn easily. Leather is nice and money clip is strong. I would by another based on look alone.
B007M629M2 As expected Nice looking, good fit, confortable. Why i gave 4 of 5, because the leather is changing with the time, in a way I didn't expected.
B007RONPUE Nice trolley Looks very good, nice features and quality seems to be very good. Haven't been on a trip yet, so experience is still missing.
B007ROR77G Really nice luggage This is really nice luggage and is good quality.  We bought this mainly for a trip we were taking as a family and it performed superbly as expected.  My wife and I also travel on work every week and the smaller pieces get used almost daily.  I would definitely purchase this brand again although I would not pay MSRP.
B007ROSNUQ A rare combination of nice. This is a great price for a rugged, yet lightweight duffle, that also looks good.  It also packs a lot, so if you are snorkeling AND hiking AND need rain gear,  swimwear, and evening things,  it's perfect.  It has straps to hold things in place inside which are nice if not carrying as much.
B007TGA2JM Nice I was pleasantly surprised when I took these out of the box. Nice color and quality. Very comfortable as well. Definite keeper.
B007TGA2JM Nice These are very nice boots, but I wouldn't expect any less from Timberland. They're comfortable and good looking. Great with skinny leg jeans, leggings or a skirt or dress.
B007WTCB9U nice Great look and very durable for the price. Nice stitching keeps it together. Makes a great gift for the guys.
B00828VKFQ Very Comfortable Shoes had great reviews and worth trying. Nice looking shoe, comfortable and good fit. Well cushioned. Will def buy again.
B0083IUGO6 Nice, but have a problem The shoes are nice and they looks like the picture.  But the problem is it they hurt my husband's foot.
B008AH747M Timberland Boys 2-7 Straight Fit Jean, Medium Wash Indigo, 4 Wow! these jeans are really nice, good quality and they fit perfectly! Quality and price (10$). sure I'll buy again
B008AH7DC8 Nice Jacket Nice Jacket for the price but ran a little large for my son.  Would buy another in a size smaller next time.
B008J0PKIA Nice This is a very nice shoe; you can dress it up or down.  I love to wear it with my jeans.  Going to order this in black.
B008J0PKIA Nice shoe Fit great, look nice, and are comfortable.  Not really a fan of suede but we'll see how they hold up.
B008J0PKIA comfortable I bought this Timberland shoe for my wife and it fits her feet very well. It's very soft and nice looking.
B008M27754 better than expected I have been looking for a nice weekend shoes that is not flip flops nor that requires wearing socks; these Altamont's are comfortable & looks good, can wear either with shorts or khakis. I'm looking to buy the black for work.
B008M27F60 Very nice. Fit great Very nice. Fit great. More like a well ventilated shoe than a sandal. High quality all the way around. Glad I spent the extra $20 as they will last many years longer than the cheap ones.
B008M2OCP2 Nice comfy shoe They look great and they're light and comfortable, they are exactly what I wanted when I ordered them.  We'll see how they hold up to wear and tear but so far so good.
B008M2OCP2 Soft and Comfy nice slip-ons as expected with nice built.  stylish and contemporary. fits good and i really like them. good for causal wearing jeans and shots etc. recommended to everyone
B008M2YZKY nice and comfy, but... Nice style, comfortable shoe to wear but not as much padding/cushioning as I'd like to have had.  I have plantar fasciitis and was hoping for more heel padding.  very good otherwise, and i don't regret buying them.
B008M4UN0S Comfortable with good quality Very nice fit and very comfortable.  A bit concerned with the white/cream canvas since it might be difficult to keep clean.
B008MHR6D2 Nice shoes Nice pair of shoes for casual occasions. It fits me after I returned my initial order in which size is big. Shoe quality is good and I expect that it will be used for quite a time.
B008N6YJKA So comfy This shoe was comfortable right out of the box. It has a nice, spongy foot bed and the suede is very soft. I was very happy with it.
B008N6YJKA comfortable This shoes are so comfortable. You can walk every day with them. They look pretty nice with dress, skirt or trouser.
B008N7GT9I Nice shoe! Brought for my husband and he loves them! they are nice looking shoes and fit well on size. Nice buy!
B008N7GT9I Love them! They are very comfortable right out of the box. They look nice enough to wear every day, not just when I am hiking.
B008UQ6VPO They look so nice Very nice, quality product, it fits as expected. My  8 year-old daughter loves them, she says their so confortable and nice that she wants  to wear them all the time.
B008UQ6VPO Very Nice business My little boy needed a shoe and this one was the best price/quality I've found.Very nice business! I'll recommend to all my friends who will looking for the same item.
B008UQ6VPO Nice but large this one is very nice, but found it slighly larger than what we expected. Anyway - very good ones. I liked them.
B008VPU0GK Nice boots and great fit Really nice looking boots and fit great.  I can't wait to really break them in.  I would buy them again.
B008VPU0GK Great Boots Out of the Box. Great boots. Nice and light and comfortable out of the box. Fit was true to size. I have had several pairs of Timberlands and these are the among the most comfortable one's I have purchased. These will be replacing my White Ledge and my Euro-Hikers, both where nice boots but no where near nice to wear right out of the box. Highly recommended.
B008VPU0GK Nice boot. Great fit. Light weight boot, nice design. I'm overall happy with this boot. Keeps my feet nice and warm. Very nice.
B008VQJNPI Not winterish Very nice, but thin material makes them more suited for nice warm weather. I thought they would be good winter shoes. They are not.
B008VQRH4W NICE SUPPORT, AWESOME TRACTION NICE SUPPORT, AWESOME TRACTIONI NEEDED NICE NONSLIP SHOES THAT LOOKED NICE ENOUGH FOR OFFICENOT SO COFFORTABLE WITH THE BLUE LACES
B008VQRZFS super! very nice shoes, i bought them to my husband and they fit perfect and look very nice, very good quality.
B008VS521K nice!!! Very nice and comfortable s&aacute;ndals. They fit great, my daughter loves them! The color is just like the picture. Very Happy!!
B008ZBP2RC I like it,nice I bought it several days ago&#65292;When I got it&#65292;I founded that it&#8216;s very nice&#65292;fit me good&#12290;So I will buy another one&#12290;
B008ZBPGFU They are very nice slippers/shoes I like them. The have a wool lining and a really nice rubber out sole. I think they are incredibly comfortable.
B0090JZSMW Very nice! I bought these for my fianc&eacute;'s birthday. He is EXTREMELY picky about his shoes and how they look but he absolutely LOVES them and has been wearing them since the day he got them. Theyre very nice because u can wear them casually or formally. You can pull off just about anything in these shoes. What's also nice that they are a good mix between old school classic boat shoes with a little new school twist. Not to mention the shipping was supper fast and the product is of great quality! I have no complaints besides the fact I don't have a pair for myself!
B0090JZSMW Nice pair of Tims Nice pair of Tims, comfortable to wear w/o socks...great for summer. Wish I could buy a few more pairs in different colors. My kids like Sperry's but I've always been a Timberland man.
B0090LEFQK Buy these! Very comfortable. Nice style. I was also impressed by the materials used to make these. I would recommend these to anyone.
B0090X4EJQ great i work as a manager in a big construction company. i'm running around and shopping for stuff. i was looking around for nice  Extremely comfortable shoes that look nice I have a whole closet of shoes that I tried that one comfortable till I book these they are simply amazing i'm going in it through mud  snow rain all hard conditions and it keeps me warm and it looks nice!!
B0090X4EJQ Very comfortable I really like the shoes, they look very nice and are very comfortable to wear, also they fits perfect and the selling price was very good
B0090X4EJQ It is light but tight Still too early to give a final judgment. It looks nice, light, and modern. The only thing that maks me unhappy is that it is a little tight (small) I might needed an extra wide one.Overall experiance is nice
B0090X4EJQ It's a very nice shoe. It is a very nice, comfortable, soft to tread shoe. Looks great with jeans and a polo shirt. Highly recommend to all.
B0090X4EJQ Nice shoes Great work shoe.Comfortable and warm.Maybe a little on the heavy side but other than than that they certainly tick all the boxes.
B0090X4EJQ Love it! Nice quality and very comfortable shoes... would like to buy it another pairs.
B0090X4EJQ Nice looking but needs padding. I will buy it again it the manufacturer  makes an adjustment. The shoes is nice looking but after as couple of days wearing, I got scrape from my ankle on back side where this is no padding. I think any shoes, especially slip on should have paddings all around which includes the back side of the ankle.
B0092ZGS0K Nice solid shoe Very good quality and good fit.  They look nice too, casual but neat.  True to size.  My stepson wears a size 15, so shoes can be hard to find.  We are happy to find these online.
B00943LHJW Nice Color not black! Basic piece that will do nicely (I hope) for my one week trip. Nice interior mesh pockets, seems well-made.I can't give it 5 stars bec I have yet to use it.
B00943M2F0 nice nice bag, a lot of useful compartments and comes with a shoe bag.  the size is not too big to lift when fully packed and easy to maneuver.
B009K43TUA Heavy Very nice but a little heavy to work with it every day.  Nice look with jeans, very bad to use on bad weather.
B009OL2L94 Look bigger than it is Good quality. Looks nice. Feel comfortable. Much better than black one. But only for the beginning of the spring or for the end of winter. But looks on a fit very big.
B009OL2L94 Great boots Very comfortable and fits true to size. I wear that out in the woods and they are very durable and nice even when wearing them all day.
B009PNJW5C I like it! That's very nice,I realy like it! It looks so beautiful! My friends also like it too. Thank you very much!
B009PNJW5C So nice It's so nice to fit my husband with great quanity.He is very happy to get the boots.Made in China is the quality assurance.
B009PWFKY0 Nice sunglass, very good quality for the price. This is my second pair. These are very nice sunglasses, they have very good quality and fits very well. This model is specially fashionable. They look like very expensive ones.
B009R8KH18 Nice and comfortable nice and cushiony but they are better suited for boots than my boat shoes--they are a little too thick at the toe area
B009R8KH18 Insoles I don't know why they sell different sizes because they are not custom fit. You still have to cut them. Other then that, nice comfortable insoles.
B009R9EJ3E these are great I would recomend these very nice, very  comfortable, I have not had them very long, so, I don't know how long they will last
B009W9HGN4 nice it was more than i expected very nicely made even came with the real price tag wouldnt have paid that in the store
B009XEW70A Nice shoes, fit as expected These are a good quality, nice shoe that fit as expected. They are very neutral and will match everything for an everyday comfortable shoe.
B009XF0GJ8 Nice! Comfy!
B00A2WJ8CW These, like every other Timberland boot I buy, fits me perfectly. These, like every other Timberland boot I buy, fits me perfectly.  Nice fit, comfortable and nice styling.  They are not as heavy as some other Timberland's I own.
B00AAPHB2U not what i expected Nice looking no...sorry.  fitting well yes if you take half your size... and darker than the photo.. doesn t look like a one i bought a long before
B00AAPHB2U Very nice! I got these for my boyfriend and he loves them! They can be worn casually or somewhat dressed up and they are waterproof.
B00AL2OQ16 Very nice The look and the feel is very nice. Price is so great. I totally recommend it. I am pleased with the product.
B00AL2OQHA Three Stars It looks nice but in a few days start to fray.
B00AQMB9O8 Nice Boot Very nice boot. They fit my daughter perfectly. They are very comfortable and a great value for the price. Great buy
B00AR1VI30 Nice boots My husband and I bought these boots for our daughter and we love them. They are very nice warm boots and fashionable.
B00AR1VI30 nice boots they look great they and they came quick they just did not fit the person they where intended for. a size 7 child is really a 8.5 adult daughter didnt fit them but her mom loves them
B00AR3GB9O Good looking Just fit!The outlook is nice.But we just received it and need more time to see it's durability and other performance.
B00AR4HHNW Nice, warm and stylish My daughter has worn these boots religiously since she received them before Christmas.  they fit well and keep her feet nice and toasty.
B00AR58UIC so nice the boots fit very  very well and look so smart with a low price,i'm very glad to buy this item
B00AR58UIC nice boot. Nice product. No worries, the kid can climb the highest mountain with no problem.what else can I say?Nice product.
B00AW7M97S Just Right Nice, hefty, adjustable and waterproof without feeling too clunky.A little more narrow than it looked in the picture, but feels just right as boots like this usually stretch out after some wearing. They seem to be breaking in quickly, but the leather is nice and thick and seems like a good lasting pair (we'll see). I usually wear a 7.5, but sometimes a 7. I went with a 7 because I'd rather they start out on the snug side and mold to my feet than get bulky and unattractive looking. Very happy with them so far! ))))
B00AW7M97S Nice boot Its a nice boot, im happy with this shoe. I will recommend this to a friend and family.  I will buy this again
B00AW7M97S Nice for the price Some what small in the calf. The color has a bit more red in it that the picture depicts. Nice boots overall
B00AW7M97S Nice boots Very nice boots. Fit nicely and I was able to zip my jeans in with no problem. I have relatively large calves and that was a problem for some in the other reviews. Very nice construction. They really are not a high boot. Mid-calf or so. Wish they were higher.
B00AW7M97S Nice boot, good fit I am pleased with these boots. The fit was perfect. The leather is nice and the boots seem well made. I'm hoping to get lots of mileage from this pair.
B00AW7M97S Nice boot I really did like these boots, but for a wide...they were snug on the sides of my feet.  I usually don't have a problem with that.  The 8.5 fit, so I know the 9 would be too big.  This is the first time I have tried Timberland's boots.  They are nice looking boots though.
B00AW7RBGC Nice boots! These boots are really nice and seem well-made.  Some trial and error was involved with finding the correct size.  6M was too big (my heels slipped when I walked), 5.5M was too tight, and now 5.5W seems to work with the correct thickness socks.  I'm going to get a pair of insoles so my heels won't slip as much.  I like the style and look very much.  I haven't worn them much yet, but I think I will like the fit more after I get some insoles.
B00AW8HF9Y Nice boots Nice boots but I find the calf size is a bit too small and they are very tight  to zip. They are fine once I have them zipped up.
B00AW8HF9Y Nice value Nice boots and great deal.  As others have stated, you must have thin calves for these to be comfortable. I love them.
B00AW8HF9Y Nice Boots The boots look very nice and it's not uncomfortable like I've seen in the most reviews.I really liked it.
B00AW8HF9Y Boots nice........warm.......somewhat stiff but comfy. These boots are waterproof which is great.  If buyer has large calves I would hesitate as I do not and they work but with little room.  They look nice......maybe more casual than on the dressy side.  They are somewhat stiff......but to be expected.  Very comfy.......not a deep black so if u want a deep rich black leather not for u.  Overall pleased........price was awesome.
B00AW8JG9G Love the boots!! Very nice boots. Definitely worth the money. They run a little large in the ankles and I can slide my feet in and out without having to unzip the boots. Super nice leather!! Got lots of compliments. :)
B00AW8JG9G nice boots I have been looking a while for a dress boots, these came today, and they're beautiful, nice leather, nice distressed color, i have really skinny feet, so the heels slip a little, am sure a foot pad will take care of this, The price on these was unbeatable, I have priced Timberland boots,and haven't seen this price any where., Glad I bought them
B00AW8JG9G Nice Boot Comfortable. A great fit.  Exactly what I expected.  Like the wider width of foot bed.  Nice back detail, as well.
B00AW8JG9G Suuuuuper nice! Suuper nice boots! True to size. Good quality, the color is really nice.I'm glad I bought them. Timberland is Timberland!
B00AW8JG9G Great Boot I purchased this boot 1/2 size up in order to add orthotics to it. Thus, it feels a bit large, but, if I had ordered my normal size, I think the toe box may have been too small. The boots are high quality with a removable insole. I've gotten tons of complements on them. They are attractive and the leather is very very nice and comes ready to wear out of the box with some kind of nice water repellent cover, but they are still very supple. I hate wearing slippery-soled shoes and that is one of the reasons I purchased these. The sole is great - nice and grippy. The adjustable band at the top is also a nice touch. I'm sure I will enjoy these for many years.
B00AW8JG9G Nice leather boot. These boots are very comfortable right out of the box.  Nice looking leather. Will be wearing for a long time.
B00AW8JG9G Love! These boots were comfy the moment I put them on. Good sturdy leather, a little stiff but should loosen up after wearing. Nice, professional style.
B00AW8JG9G Love them! The price was amazing because of the black friday sale and these boots are very comfortable. Nice solid rubber heal and the black leather looks nice. I ordered the brown ones and the creases on top of the foot were pretty drastic, way too over-worn look. I returned those and kept the black ones. Very nice quality.
B00AW8JG9G A great boot! I have been looking for the right boots for 2 years, that fit well and that I can wear with most outfits while running around with 3 kids. There is nice traction at the bottoms that prevent slipping on cold winter days, and after wearing for a couple if days they were already broken in and formed nicely to my foot. These are comfortable enough to wear everyday and the quality is nice enough that it will last for a long time. I couldn't be more happy!
B00AW8JG9G nice details I've gotten a lot of compliments on these boots.  The picture doesn't really show the nice detailing on the back which gives the boots a feminine touch.  The leather is really beautiful and sure beats the fake leather, plastic looking boots out there.  I love them, I'm on my feet all day and feel great.  I would highly recommend.
B00AW8JG9G Wife loves the boots Wife had been looking to a long time for a nice style and fit. I ordered these in hopes they would be a hit. She love them, comfortable, nice style and fit.
B00AW8JG9G Very comfortable with great style Wanted a nice looking, comfortable pair of black boots. I had just ordered a different Timberland in brown, was very happy with them and decided to order these. I love them. I usually wear a 8 1/2 to 9, I ordered the 9 and have room for an insole. They are well made and have a nice detail in the back. Love the large buckle. Would recommend them.
B00AW8JGGE nice looking These fit as expected. The leather is stiff but nice. They look good and will work well with jeans and skirts.
B00AW8JL0A Nice boot. Nice boot with lots of pluses..waterproof, nice footbed, good zipper. When worn with a thin sock it was somewhat tight in the toe box area.  I would have reordered in the wide but they were out. Love that the sole was flexible.
B00AW8JL0A Nice boot The fit was a bit snug when I first put them on I wore them in the house for a few hours on two separate days. The boots loosened up to a very comfortable fit. I am able to wear a thick pair of socks with th now. I purchased the because of their claim of being water proof. My husband and I took a Sunday trike ride last week, got caught in the rain. My feet stayed nice and dry. They cleaned up nicely. Look good.
B00AZPO1BY Very nice shoes This product is right as I expected, just as all Timberland shoes. The quality is really good and the matte color gives a nice impression.
B00AZPO1BY Nice casual shoe I think this style will look nice with khakis.  They are pretty comfortable, seem a little long, but does notcome in half sizes.
B00AZPO1BY Nice looking loafer Fit a little tight maybe there's a break in period the don't slip and are very comfortable. Let's see what happens
B00AZPO90W Too large.  10.5 would fit better. Returned for refund.  Boot was nice and I would have love to have kept it, but too large of a fit.
B00AZPOIF8 Feet happy. Lighter than I thought and they have nice cushion. No shoe break in time.  At this price, I would buy another pair.
B00AZPOIF8 Nice shoes! Quality leather and other materials. It's really comfortable and light so about 3.5 lbs - 1.6 kg. Really soft sole
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice shoes careful with size Nice shoes just wish they had the sizing right. They run a full size.over.  It's hard to buy on line when size isn't close. But nice comfortable sturdy shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 good buy. nice shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice shoe, seems comfortable. Haven't had them long enough to speak about durability, they look nice and are comfortable so far (only had them on 2 days).
B00AZPPEQ0 Comfortable My boyfriend loved this boot! He said it is very comfy and nice looking with some jeans or even Khakis
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice chukka I had to exchange for the wide as the regulars were a bit snug side to side. I normally wear a 10.5 but ended with 9.5 on these. Nice looking chukkas!
B00AZPPL7C Excellent These Timbs are perfect for me. They fit nice, the leather is good, etc etc. and they are very comfortable.Nice product
B00AZPQV6C A nice all around boot. I like this pair of boots because they have a nice fit, they are light weight and the leather is of a decent quality. I would have gave it a 5 star but at the top, I needed to leave out from tying the shoe lace at the last grommet hole until they were broke in better. It seems there's no padding or cushion to soften the friction when walking long. I would recommend them for anything climate practical, casual wear and medium duty like utilization.
B00AZPS9W6 Very nice boots I could not believe it when I saw the price .Great deal nice boots win win for me thank you
B00B7FIZ2C Nice!!! Nice boot well done like my old timberland. It fit right and comfort for my job on 10 or 11hour stand.
B00B7FJV8O Nice According to the hubby they are pretty bulky and it's hard for him to drive his stick.. But they Fit well.
B00B7H74CC Love my new timberlands! These shoes fit prefect. They was very comfortable my whole 12 hour shift.they we're slip resistant and have a very nice look to them.
B00B823WE0 SUPER THIS SHOES ARE EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE YOU CAN WALK ALL DA Y FEELING SOFT . THE SOLE ARE VERY SOFT NICE FEELING............. I RECOMMEND THEM
B00B823WE0 Nice Appearance and Comfortable Walking The sole feels soft and gives nice support to my feet. The leather is as good as always. The light weight is beyond expectation.
B00B82674M Nice Shape but... Its a nice shape to wear, however the size is an issue usually other brands of the same size fit perfect.Hoping that with time it will loosen itself
B00B9PADWA Nice Boot A little break in needed, no front pull on loop, but find that I don't miss it. Nice quality boot
B00B9PADWA i live it i give it 5 stars beoucse it look so nice fite perfectand the quality is nice also i have been wearing it for a while now with no problem its conformable also but u need hi neck socks
B00B9PADZ2 Nice and comfortable. It looks very nice and it is really comfortable. The leather is very soft. I like it very much. But the sole seems not strong enough.
B00B9PADZ2 Very nice shoes Very nice soft leather. Size went perfectly. I think they are designed for cold weather from 0C to-10C. They look better than the photo.
B00B9PADZ2 Nice looking boots.Fit well. Nice leather. Nice dark brown color as well. Fit well. Nice leather. Nice dark brown color as well. Look great with jeans. Feels very warm. And very fashionista :-)
B00B9PIUS4 Nice boots, I had to buy a couple of pair as to not wear them out to quickly.  That is how much I enjoy them. They break in quick.
B00B9PJBDC Very nice boots Recommend.excelent boots nice to use for any purpose. The price was good . Very nice boots more than competitive boots
B00B9PM53U They are great Haven't soaked them in water yet, but they are sturdy and nice and light at the same time. They have a really nice look to them as well. I wear 10.5 and these fit exactly right being 10.5.
B00B9PM53U Ready for cold & snowy wearher Feels warm & comfortable. Good fit. Nice design. Looks great. Looks nice with jeans. No complaint so far.  Highly recommend to others.
B00B9PS9VC Nice stylish comfortable shoe It's a very comfortable and strong shoe. Looks very nice specially on jeans. The design is extremely good looking.very easy to wear.
B00B9TT2QO Good fit, nice design Fast delivery, great fit. Would have been fantastic had the tongue been stitched for waterproof like other boots, but still better than expected.
B00B9U33PY nice boots, but got the wrong size These boots looked pretty nice, a bit combatish. but i def got them a bit too small so had to return them. but nice looking.
B00BB7BX66 Nice quality I bought these for my teenage son.  He loves them, the fit well, the leather is extremely nice.  Excellent quality.
B00BB7BX66 Very nice pair of boots They're a good looking boot, well made, and comfortable, It was really worth buying them and it was at a great price.
B00BB7BX66 nice boot very nice. great material and good looks. and quite comfortable too. they do run a little big. i wear a 9.5 and i ordered a 9 and still have enough room. turned out to be a good fit. i am sure i will be wearing these quite often.
B00BB7BX66 Great...I like it Very nice pair of boots.Lighter than it looks and very comfortable.Just started using it for few days now.Will update once I've broken into it.
B00BB7BX66 Nice shoe Well made,good quality,nice look,it's very comfortable ,I like it really very much,recommended ,I love this brand ,will buy one again when this one wore out
B00BCJV7H8 Nice looking boots ;I get a lot of compliments. The boots fit nice, they came in handy over the harsh winter.  I know I will get good use out of them for many winters to come.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots! I wanted a nice looking winter boot that I could wear everyday if needed. These boots fit the bill. The boots are a little large. I usually wear a sz 10 but sized up to an 11, (no 10 1/2), based on other reviews. They are very warm, very comfortable, and, really cute winter boots. The color is sort of a green-grey, but it's a nice color that will look nice with many of the colors I wear them with.
B00BCJV7H8 nice They look great and are pretty comfortable. I usually wear a size 9, sometimes a 9W. I ordered the 9 and will be exchanging them for the 9.5 as they were a bit too snug.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice boot for the price These boots look great while providing warmth and comfort. They are a bit rigid across the top of my foot but hopefully they will get better with wear.
B00BCJX6TU Light boots that looks heavy This pair looks very nice, makes impression of heavy boots but in reality light-weighted. It is amazing , you even do not feel it on your foot. Nice bonus - second pair of laces of purple colour (not sure that my mum needs this laces, but I like to get bonuses)
B00BCJX6TU nice shoes but it was too large for me nice shoes but it was too large for me, I have 6.5  and it was about  7.5.  but they are very lovely boots.
B00BCJXLHW Good boot They are really nice boots, just didn't like them for me.....Looking for a little more height in the heel area...
B00BCJXLHW Look nice but a little small at the ankle part. Received earlier than expected. Shoes look nice, but when I tried to fit in, it was a little difficult to go through the ankle part. The feet part is a little bit big to me which is fine. Usually I have no problem with size 6 no matter I'm 5 pounds fatter or thinner. But in general, I like it (hope it can become ).
B00BF9PSUC nice shoes I love that timberland made this type of shoes it looks really good with wide leg  jeans or khakis. Nice
B00CEZA3I8 Nice Design Duffle A pretty duffle bag.. it's bigger than than expected but it's still nice and goods for few days travel. I haven't used it yet so can't say much about the quality.
B00CEZA3I8 Quality luggage A very nice looking and high quality luggage...I really love it and the price is right and fair . Good stuff
B00DYQP7NM Comfortable They fit well, look nice with jeans (am wearing them now). Am more used to leather so am still getting used to the somewhat shinier look.
B00DYQP7NM Great looking shoe Finally a perfect fit right out of the box . No heal inserts need. Being a guy it hard to find a great fit of a comfortable flat. This by far is my favorite pair I own. Go great with jeans. Comfortable on your feet with nice support. Nice classic looking  flat. Would buy again.
B00E41TKD4 Nice shoe, wrong size The shoe is very nice, good quality construction, I just erred on the sizing.  Sizing is true to size.. width is true M.Otherwise nice product.
B00E41UQBE so nice The boots are very good looking, fitting perfect and the finishing is on a high level. Looks like they are mend to last for a long, long time
B00E41UQBE A good value for money Very nice boots, that look as if they are gonna last for years! And the colour is great too! They are slightly bigger than expected, but again better bigger than smaller!
B00E41Y0E8 Nice Boots Fit well, Look sharp. I dont have a bad thing to say about them. very comfortable shoes. very very good.
B00E41YBO2 nice shoes A fine shoe. I wear them to the office with a nice pair of pants and shirt and it completed a nice look. Also wear them with jeans and it looks fine. Minimal support but that shouldnt surprise anyone considering the style.
B00E41YBO2 Very comfortable, nice colour I am happy of having found such beautiful and comfortable leather shoes in my size 13. That's what I needed.
B00E41Z6YQ nice and comfort The shoe is nice and comfort but the size was some what smallI wish I orded a bigger size
B00E8RAOI4 These are nice, stylish (available in a variety of nice colors) These are nice, stylish (available in a variety of nice colors), and well made for kids. They are adjustable, they dry quickly, and don't have any itchy seams around the adjustable parts and Velcro. Some colors look sporty, and the brown can look dressy enough to wear with dress shorts for church, dinner out, etc. Nice grips on the bottom. Flexible in the sense that they aren't stiff, but also not flimsy (perfect in that regard). Sporty enough for playground, hikes, and pool. Great product! Gave four stars only because they run a bit large.
B00EDN7AT4 nice fit and feels great This walking shoe took a couple of days to break in, but after that, it really fits me well.  I really like the way the mold to my feet.
B00EHIDWGA Timberland Pro nice to wear Thise boot is nice, comfortable, not heavie, and they look cool I really like them we'll see how I do next party
B00EOIRBPG Timberland Men's Watch Gift from wife, Very Nice looking watch. Nice size and great to wear with my classic Timberlands. Couldn't ask for more.
B00GNDV0LG Nice Bought for my son. He's happy with this selection. Nice shoe.
