B000073TM3 Quality boot. The boots were exactly what I was shopping for.  They fit as expected. I ordered a second pair for my other child.
B00009WM7J love my tims Its been a long time since I had a pair like this happy I got a pair for my daughter and I thank you
B0000DFAXV I LOVE THESE BOOTS I needed a boot to do some real work in, gardening, painting, walking the dogs in bad weather, these boots fit the bill, and they are comfortable, they beak in nicely, i might order another pair just to have them so once the first pair gets wore out , i will have another pair!
B0002RDYMC Great shoe but received two left feet I ordered these for my 8 year old son.  He was so excited he took them out of the box and tried to put them on only to discover that we were sent two left shoes.  Now I am stuck with two left feet.  Need to order a second pair, they say only one pair left in his size 4.5, must be two right shoes.
B0007T64VI Loving Timberland Eurohiker's for years! I LOVE these boots. I had a pair when I was in high school and loved those as well. I needed a pair of boots for work and new exactly what I wanted. Very comfortable and good looking pair of boots:)
B000AKVA6I So far, so good This is my first pair of Timberland wellingtons. I have owned a couple pair of Timberland pros before, but always bought my wellingtons from Red Wing or Justin. I've now worked in them for a full week and am very happy with them. I had been putting off purchasing a new pair because I hate the discomfort of breaking in new boots. This particular pair only took a full day before they were comfortable to wear. The fit is great and they feel very well made.
B000AKVA6I Fantastic purchase! This is my second pair. They look great and feel good. Go head and take the time  to break them in properly. I used mink oil to make them more weather resistant. I also use  Dr Schols insoles. The insoles that the boots come with are not the best or worst. I just need more cousin plus I have a wide foot. My foot is 4 and half inches wide at the largest part. M size was perfect for me. Remember the leather will stretch and relax. I bought my first pair for work in a locksmith shop and moving safes. They help up very well with daily use over a year plus riding a motorcycle and being in the weather. I changed jobs to installing industrial floors and the boots really took a beating. The leather stretched even more and I needed to put 2 pair of insoles in to keep the fit right. The toes a wore through to the composite shell and soles rounded on the sides. Still these boots are great for working in 2 years later. I liked the way they looked when they were a little ruffed up so much I purchased another pair for casual time. Oh and the price is a hell of a lot cheaper then I paid in the store. BUY NOW!
B000AKVA6I Second pair is tighter This is the second pair of this exact same boot that we have purchased for my husband. The first, we purchased in-store at Academy Sports, but he is rough on boots and needed a replacement pair. He really liked these, so I got the same ones for him for his birthday. They are the same model, size, etc, but for some reason these are tighter than his others, to the point he can't wear his thicker boot socks with this pair, even after wearing them a while to break them in. Not sure why they aren't consistent. He likes them still, but I would expect this brand to be a little more reliable with the size. My husband usually wears a 9.5 to 10.5 in shoes (mostly size 10), depending on the brand, cut, etc, but considering these are the EXACT same as ones he has, I expected a better fit.
B000AKVA6I Great pair of boots I have been looking for a sturdy, well-made pair of wellington styled work boots. They are very comfortable after breaking them in. My only regret is not having bought a 2nd pair.
B000AKVBFI Second Pair This is my second time buying this boot.  The first one lasted me almost one and a half years.  That is saying something for me considering i used to go through boots every 4 months.  My job requires me to be at a lot of construction sites, inside a shop on a concrete floor, inside fancy residential settings, getting greasy and dirty in commercial kitchens, working in mud and rain, the heat and the cold.  These boots protect me all year long and are very versatile and comfy.
B000AKVBFI First pair GREAT.  2nd pair running very small on fit. Order 1/2 larger!! Disappointed with fit now Just received my second pair.Loved first pair. GREAT product. I used them hard for 18 months and decided to order another pair. I got the same size AND THEY WERE TOO SMALL. Previously pair was 8.5 Ordered that size again. Had to return 8.5 for size 9. The size 9 are still a little more narrow than my original 8.5 from 18 months ago. So obviously Timberline had these run on a different factory in China. FIT IS RUNNING WAY SMALLER on this second pair I now have. I actually put the soles together , bottom to bottom from old pair and new pair. it was VERY OBVIOUS my new pair are much smaller.  So order at least a 1/2 bigger than you normally wear. You might also want to consider the wide size. The regular width seems narrow as well.Good luck
B000AKVBFI These boots are great! I love these boots for their comfort and they are long lasting. They breathe so your feet do not sweat and the protective toe is a huge plus! I like them so much that when I just ordered a pair to replace my old ones I ordered 2 pair just in case they stop making them.
B000AKVBFI Serious comfort for a Long time Timberland owner This is my first pair of Timberland Pro boots. Very good fit for my size 13. I might grab another pair.
B000AL1C6K 3rd Pair - Good Boots This is the third pair of these boots that I've owned and even though I've tried some others I keep coming back to these. The first pair I bought about 4 years ago, I actually still have as back-ups, my only complaint is that over a couple of years of wear the leather has stretched out a bit and they don't fit as well as when new. (The second pair I accidentally got a half size too big so they got loose on my feet sooner.)I keep coming back to these boots because they have virtually no break-in period and they actually hold up really well. The titanium toe is lighter than traditional steel toe boots yet it still offers the same protection. The mid-sole is super soft and I highly recommend them to anyone who spends a lot of time standing & walking on concrete floors like I do.
B000AYJX22 Best all around boot for active little boys I bought a pair of these for my son when he was 3 years old and I liked them so much that I bought another pair the following winter.  Now he is 5, and I'm planning to buy another pair again for this winter, because it is the best all around boot that I've found for toddler boys.
B000B2HQ5O Just like Grandpa's Love these hiking boots. We are on our second pair, buy them in the fall for a year of walking in the hills with Grandpa!
B000BB15ZC Wonderful pair of boots I bought this pair of boots for my boyfriend for Christmas last year and instead of wearing them just for hiking he wears them for everything he does.  He wears them for every day use, for working outside, while working on the cars, and even to his daily job.  He finds them very comfortable and sturdy.  He has worn them so much that he is thinking about buying another pair.  Not because they are breaking down, but to have one pair for kicking around and one pair as a nice pair.  He also bought me this boot in a woman's size for Christmas last year and it has served me great for all my adventures and hiking abroad.  It held up great for trekking in Costa Rica and Nepal.  My feet were comfortable and stayed warm after 8 hours hikes up and down rugged terrain and in cold temperatures.  I wore the appropriate hiking socks with them (med padded merino wool socks) and never got a blister. I would buy these boots again as well.
B000BB15ZC Not as good as they used to be Many years ago I had this same pair of boots that lasted me for a very long time, and when they finally started falling apart I didn't hesitate to order a new pair. Well I don't remember where the first pair I owned were made, but I'm certain now it wasn't China like the new ones seem to be. On the plus side, they still fit really well and are extremely comfortable (I need boots that are a bit larger than standard) but they fall apart like wet tissue paper now.The first pair I bought was in July of 2012. Within only 1 day of normal use the inner cloth lining of the boots started separating from the outer shell! After that started to happen, it made the boots feel very strange when you walked around, kinda tight now that the liner was pushing up against your foot. I don't know if this is just a problem with the larger pairs (I use a size 12) or what, but it's definitely not acceptable, especially after only 1 day of regular walking. Needless to say, I returned them a few days later and just thought I had a defective pair.After I returned them I ordered a pair of Timberland's White Ledge boots instead, which fit very nice just like the Chocoruas, but fell apart after only 6 months or so. So here we are in July of 2013 and I tried yet again to get these boots, as I really used to like them, hoping that they would have fixed their manufacturing issues. Nope. Same exact problems the ones I had bought previously, with the inner liner separating the very first day of use.I give up. I won't ever buy a pair of Timberlands again as they don't seem to care about quality control anymore.
B000BB15ZC i love my timberland boots It took about 15 to 20 min to break them in. the boots are very light and feel like a pair of sneakers. I wear them almost everyday and I just might buy another pair to use just for work
B000BB15ZC great pair of shoes. great pair of water proof timberlands. where them at work all the time. keep an extra pair in the house too. look good and strong.
B000BB15ZC Timberland boots These boots are made for walking..... did I really say that?. Lightweight and so so comfortable.The Gore Tex membrane has to be a plus with these boots . Good quality durable leather for that long life and good looks. These are my second pair as the first pair are never off my feet. Good boots well worth buying
B000BB15ZC Great all around hiker My wife and I do a lot of hiking in the Catskills in all kinds of weather. We are out there in the rain, snow and mud year round. She had a pair of Columbia's that were beat up and leaking so I bought her a pair of the Chocorua Hiker as a present.  She absolutely loves them!  She claims they are the most comfortable hiking boot she has ever had and her feet are always dry. She says they're like wearing slippers with great support and will definitely buy another pair when these wear out.
B000BB15ZC i keep buying them These shoes are comfortable right out of the box. this is the eighth pair I've bought. only minor flaw is that the sole cannot be replaced. if it could i would just get the first pair resoled forever.
B000BB15ZC Fits fine, had an issue and company sent a new pair These boots fit really nicely.  I wanted a pair to travel and work in so I purchased these.  I have had many pairs of Timberland boots in the past and really enjoy how rugged and long wearing they are.  The original pair I purchased started to come apart between the fabric and leather upper.  I contacted the company and sent them the boots.  They sent me a new pair.  Thank you Timberland.  Yes-I would recommend them to friends.
B000BB15ZC worth every penny no matter the cost My first year on the job (night security) I went through a pair of Bates duty boots and a second pair of another brand. For my 3rd pair I figured I'd try yet another kind. I have had these Timberland Chocorua Gore-Tex Hikers now for 2 years and they have seen 4 or 5 pairs of laces and 2 pair of insoles. The boots are still comfortable, waterproof and presentable... but the soles have gone bald like an old tire with 100,000 miles on it.They aren't ripped or "blown out" (where the side of your foot starts sticking out the side) Most importantly, they didn't develop a squeak in the heels while walking. As a night security guard it's not too handy to try to be stealthy while you walk around sounding like that one shopping cart at the grocery store with the bum wheel.Wrote this review while picking out a new pair, though the old pair are not getting tossed. They still make good yard boots. I may even buy 2 more pair to have one on reserve should they become unavailable at some point. Yeah, I think that highly of them.UPDATE** I just bought my new pair, in "Noir" because of the unavailability of the black and the price...but here's the thing, despite the slight shade difference in the pictures between the "noir" and "black", they are as black as the first pair I bought. I have no idea what this description of "noir" is supposed to mean but suffice it to say, they are black through and through. They don't get any blacker.
B000BB15ZC Second Pair This is my second pair of Chocorua boots.  The first I wore for 2 years hiking, in the snow, and around the yard.  They are incredibly comfortable and light.  I was happy with the first pair until one of the eyelets broke at the weld.  I can still use the boot, but if the lace gets too high, it pulls out of the eye.This pair is solid black and I plan to wear them while working in northern states in the presence of snow and ice.
B000BB15ZC Great Boot This is the first pair of Timberland's that I ever purchased.  They are extremely comfortable.  I will be considering Timberlands in the future.  Also a good deal on Amazon compared to the local shore stores.
B000BB15ZC Doesn't feel like the first time... The first pair I bought were the Washington Summit Mid Leathers that fit like a glove and lasted forever. Those were bought on Amazon also. Went looking for a new pair on Amazon and couldn't find them but did see these. Not even close. Fit tight, thought they would break in. Nope. Canvas popped stitching. Broke a lace on the sharp top eyelets. Worst part is I only wore these for a month. I'd try the  white ledge mid waterproof, but they look about the same as these. Maybe I can find the Summits somewhere.
B000BB15ZC Less knee pain! This is my second pair of these boots. I liked the first pair so much that I thought maybe I had better get another pair in case Timberland stops making them.I work as a seasonal Park Ranger, so I am out walking on all types of terrain. I was pleasantly surprised to find that when walking on asphalt I experienced less knee pain with these boots. Living here in rainy Oregon I also appreciate the waterproofing that the Gore-Tex provides.Fantastic boot! Good work Timberland! Now, if it came in a rich, dark brown leather I'd buy a third pair.
B000BB15ZC Great boots, good price I bought a pair of these a little over a year ago. They were comfortable right out of the box. Some people complain bout the eyelets breaking...for the life of me I don't know how they're doing it. You can't possibly tie them that tight. They are waterproof as advertised and durable. I like 'em so much that I bought another pair this year. I'm still wearing my old pair for work where they take a severe beating, and getting wet every day. WARNING!!! You must have testosterone to wear these boots...If you're a limp-wristed sissy type, give these boots a bad review and go buy some pink tennis shoes.
B000BB15ZC My favorite boots. Love them. This is the second pair I've bought. The others are in dark green. They just need a  little breaking in and your good to go.
B000BFIHVS Best boots for UPS man. I'm a UPS driver who has been looking for good foot wear for a long time. This is it! These were my second pair.
B000BFIHVS Sturdy comfortable walking and work boots My husband walks several miles each day in these and often stands for long periods, and they keep him comfortable while still looking good. This was his second pair, the first pair held up so well for so long that he simply wanted another pair just like them. The leather is good quality and lasts until he wears the treads completely off, which takes a while. Recommended.
B000BFIHVS great boot This is my second pair the first pair last 4 years very comfortable and rugged highly recomend.Also like to ad that the best deal come from Amazon
B000BFIHVS Love these boots X3! I just received my 3rd pair via UPS and they will go on my closet shelf until my 2nd pair wear out in about 2 years.  I geocache regularly and even wear them when I'm mowing.  I love these great boots and bought the 3rd pair because a person never knows when a product will be discontinued.
B000BFIHVS Very light. These are actually my second pair, I've worn the first ones out.  I would have to say that these are by far the best hikers I have owned.
B000BFIHVS Timberland hikers Great boots, already had a pair like these and wanted another. Shopped around locally and on-line. Found these at the best price. Packaging was super. Recieved in a expedious manner. They fit and are as comfortable as the original pair.
B000BFIHVS Much narrower than in the past I have owned two pairs of these boots in the past, and loved them.  I literally wore the soles off both pair.  I ordered this pair in a 13 2E - they fit much more narrowly than the previous boots.  It's a great boot, just  a bit too narrow.
B000BFIHVS This is my second pair, Love them I purchased a pair of these about a year and a half ago from a local retailer for over $100.00. I workout side every day and they are sooooo comfertable. They got a small hole in the top of the right boot. I ordered a new pair on amazon for about 50% of what i paid at the retail store and they are great. I will order these every time i wear out the old pair.
B000BFIHVS Another great pair of Timberlands This is my second pair and they are the same as the first pair..great. This pair made in China. The first pair was made in Viet Nam. No difference other than a bit narower for the size.
B000BFIHVS So good, we ordered the second pair. These seem to be perfect since he told me to order a second pair so he had a  reserve.  He teaches various classes for a wind energy tech course and is on his feet all day, most of the time.  If he climbs towers, he wears boots with steel toes, but wanted something lighter for other days.  These fill the bill.
B000BFIHVS Second pair and still love them. This is my second pair of these boots and cannot say enough positive things about them. Comfortable, well built, light weight, and long lasting. My first pair are about 3 years old and I still use them when camping or hiking. Wanted a new pair to have and for just in case purposes.
B000BFIHVS Great boots. This is my second pair. I am still using the first pair for hunting and working outdoors. They fit right the first time I put them on and have performed flawlessly for over two years (first pair). I had to replace the laces after nearly two years of use, but that is probably normal. They are warm, waterproof, and you can put them on and forget them. I highly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots This is my second pair of Timberlands in 4 years. The first pair has lived up to all the punishment I gave them. I wish I bought two pairs at the time, as I like the style better. This new pair is breaking in nicely. A very solid boot. In fact I'm buying another pair to store away when this pair is done.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot This is my 8th pair love these things,They feel like sneakers(or close)break in in is almost instant.My friends all have them now as well worth the money easy last year or better and use old pair for dirty jobs
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots are great These boots are waterproof and warm, perfect to have on for cleaning up a lawn of wet leaves. This is my second pair. The first pair lasted three years. After trying some other boots at twice the price, I came back to these, an outstanding value. Style can be worn on a hike or in church.
B000BFIHVS Great everyday work boots! This is the second pair of these boots that I have purchased.  The last pair lasted for about 5 years of daily use in construction; rain or shine, snow or summer heat.  They always kept my feet dry and provided comfortable support.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Great boots at a really good price.
B000BFIHVS As expected - Nice boots These were my second pair. I had bought my first pair at Dick's Sporting Center for about 90+ dollars and after having them for over a year and how the leather wore well after they were broken in - it was hard not to put them on everyday, so when I saw the 68 dollar price I was a bit concerned about whether there was something odd about them. When I tried them on - I do expect some wear in time but I can see them wearing in nicely so far.
B000BFIHVS Great boot! My daughter bought me a pair and I liked them so much that I bought a pair for my son.Found just what I was looking for on Amazon!Boots were here in three days!Great price too!
B000BFIHVS Great For Casual Wear I am on my second pair of these boots, and I absolutely love them.  The look great, and they are very comfortable for dialy wear.  That is why I gave them 5 stars.If you are looking for a pair of hiking boots, these are NOT what you want.  I give them zero stars for hiking.  I recently wore these with gel inserts on a 9 mile hike in the Shenandoah National Park and my feet hurt so bad I wanted to die.  Needless to say, I will be shopping for a pair of actual hiking shoes now, but when these wear out, I will definately buy another pair for casual wear.
B000BFIHVS Very Nice Boot! This is my (3) rd. pair. I have been very satisfied with them all. The first pair were from China, second pair from Viet-Nam, and now third pair back to China. Pot luck I guess, the fit has been perfect for me, 9.5M. That's my size. They are comfortable and look good with jeans. Have good tread for me out here in Idaho for an every-day boot. A real upgrade to these would be to replace the pad with Shock Doctor Platinum sole pad. This system is rugged. Very pleased!!!
B000BFIHVS Great for hikers. This is my second pair in 3 years. The first one is still alive and well, just scuffed a little, but I could not pass the deal. I paid over $90 for the first one. After I received my pair, I realized that the manufacturer made some improvements over the old model and corrected the only thing that annoyed me before: laces loops were too small and shredded my laces after every season. This is now corrected and I love them even more. This is very comfortable boot for hunting and hiking, I wore them for 12 hours straight without any discomfort. Just get them  size larger to allow for thick socks and/or extra insole. Otherwise they are true to size for every day wear. Great product!
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable waterproof hiker Replace my hi tec altitudes. Waterproof, lightweight. I would definitely buy another pair. I bought a pair for work, now I need a casual pair
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable I had a pair of these for years. This is my second pair and it they perform as the last pair did, I will get a third.
B000BFIHVS Great product! Very comfortable, broken in well after a couple of days.  This is the second pair I have owned.  !st lasted about a year of everyday hard wear and tear (service provider for a delivery company).  For the price I figured that was a pretty good result.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots These are like the 1st pair i had,very comfortable and very supportive of your foot,i would buy these again in a heartbeat
B000BFIHVS Great boots These are my second pair of timberlands hiker. My first pair are quite worn and are still serviceable, I just wanted comfort and good looking, I'm still breaking the new pair in but have no doubt they will be just as comfortable as my four year old pair. I recommend these to any one.
B000BFIHVS White Ledge Boot I have had these exact boots before.  This new pair seem much lighter - not as sturdy as my old pair.
B000BFIHVS The pitfalls of buying shoes online.... This was the second pair of these shoes for me...the first pair was great right out of the box, but these (identical) bind over the top of my left foot so badly, causing so much discomfort, that I am tempted to start giving up the names of people I know who might be in the French Resistance.  Will wear them around the house until they are broken in or I give up, whichever comes first.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots This pair of Timberland is my first pair of boots like this.  Don't know why I never bought boots before rather than shoes.They fit great and are very comfortable, light on my feet, and nice and warm.  I am very happy with them.Ken
B000BFIHVS GREAT HIKING BOOTSW I STARTED WEARING TIMBERLANDS AFTER A FRIEND SUGGESTED THEM TO ME AND I HAVE BOUGHT MY FOURTH PAIR THE MOST COMFORTABLE BOOT EVER
B000BFIHVS Good Boots This is a really nice pair of boots.  They fit well, look good and are comfortable.  My first pair of Timberlands, but not my last.
B000BFIHVS Light and comfortable Although made entirely of leather (upper) with rubber soles, these boots are as light as a pair of sneakers and just as comfortable.  I love these boots and ordered a second pair to keep for when these wear out.
B000BFIHVS great boots my second pair, the first pair haven't worn out yet but getting close. theseboots have been to hell and back. great boot for the price!!!
B000BFIHVS The Boots for me! This is my second pair of these Timberland boots. I wear them almost exclusively when I work in my hilly yard and garden. In short, they couldn't be more comfortable and protective including the waterproofing. Love them!
B000BFIHVS Great shoe This is second pair of these shoes I bought in the last month, this a different color.  They are extremely comfortable, warm and good looking.  Amazon delivered in two days.  Wholeheartedly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Very nice pair of boots This is my second pair of Timberland white ledge boots.  They are very durable and when broken in, they are also very comfortable.  The price on Amazon will save you about $5 vs local stores.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots I've been thinking of getting a good pair of waterproof boots for some time. Saw these Timberland White Ledge boots and decided to give them a try. I've owned Timberland Boots for quit a few years. My last pair kind of "bought the farm" and I needed a new pair. These look like just what I've been looking for. We'll have to see how well they work in the cold winters I have here. I'm sure they'll be fine.
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots I wore out a pair of boots like this and just had to have another pair as they were so comfortable and rugged.The best price I found for the Timberland Men's White Ledge Boots was on Amazon.I will continue to shop on Amazon.
B000BFIHVS Sweet sweet shoes o mine! I love them! Warm, comfortable, and the price was right! What more can you ask for? This is my first pair, so i do not know how long they'll last me, but I will most likely be buying another pair. Great all around shoe. Definitely recommend. If you like the looks, you will like the quality.//I've read some where that people are applying mink oil to them, right from the start. I personally have not tries this technique, but I've purchased some.
B000BFIHVS Christmas present for my son He really liked these shoes.  He had a pair before and wanted another pair so I got them for him as a Christmas present.  I have a pair too.  We think that for the price they provide comfort, durability and good value.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! This is the 2nd pair of these I bought, first pair is a year old, I wear them in a wet environment 5 days a week, and they are still holding up.  I got the new pair so when these actually do wear out, I will be prepared.  They are very comfortable also as I am on my feet almost my whole shift everyday with no problem.
B000BFIHVS Third pair This is the third pair of timberland's white ledge boots that I have bought . They last through snow and desert, and basically, keep their shape. The only reason I replace them is that after awhile they just start to look wore out. With some of my other shoe I have to use inserts. With the ledge boot I do not.
B000BFIHVS Perfect comfort Second pair of these, can't say enough, these are an amazing pair of timberlands. Comfort all day and stress free
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boot Boots ok! boot fited like a glove and so light. i don't remember any pair like this one. would like buy another one!!!
B000BFIHVS Fifth Pair This is my fourth pair of these boots.  They are comforatable.  The first pair needs to be tried on in order to get the size one needs.  The downside is:  I work in these boots, birdhunt on above freezing in these, mow the grass etc., I only get a year out of them, 6 mos waterproof out of them.
B000BFIHVS Review My fourth pair of this style of Timberlands.  Most comfortable shoe I have ever owned.  Probably won't be the last pair I own.
B000BFIHVS I am thoroughly disappointed with this pair of boots I am thoroughly disappointed with this pair of boots. My wife bought these for me, since I had been raving for some time how comfortable, durable and &#34;waterproof&#34; Timberland boots were, or so I thought. I'd owned a pair of Timberland boots some years ago. They were outstanding. Everything you would want in a rugged outdoor boot. This pair on the other hand, I'm stunned at the lack of quality. The first pair I'd received, the exact size I wear in boots, was like a vise on my feet. I returned them and received a new pair. These fit fine, I was happy with the purchase. I've had them about 3 weeks now. I recently walked through some snow, for a total of approximately 5 minutes. Not deep snow mind you. About an inch. The leather was wet and I could feel the wetness in the boot itself. Not to mention, they don't do a very good job of keeping your feet warm, even wearing heavy winter socks. Needless to say I was, and still am upset. I no loner have the box, so I guess I'm stuck with them. I wouldn't recommend these boots to anyone that asked.
B000BFIHVS Second Pair This is my second pair of these boots and after 6 years of hard wear they were still OK but was time to get some new ones.
B000BFIHVS My second pair My second pair . I was very happy with the first pair . I'm going to buy inserts again. That work great for me and make it more comfortable .
B000BFIHVS Great, comfortable boots I had a pair of these boots previously that gave me several years of comfortable wear.  They are very light for how they look. Very rugged, yet very comfortable also.  They weigh almost the same as a pair of men's sneakers. At least they seem to.  I love the feel and comfort they provide. They are darker than the picture shown. At least the toe section is darker.  I rate them a 5 for past experience and how this pair fits and feels. I don't think one would complain about them unless you ordered the wrong size.
B000BFIHVS Good boots This is the second pair of these boots I have owned. First pair lasted a little over a year. I still have them, but they are getting ratty. I've used them as work boots and on my motorcycle commute. They are good in the rain for shorts stints. I have a 20 minute ride to work and they've kept my feet dry. I wouldn't want to have them in the rain all day. They don't get a lot of abuse from me. They are still nice enough to wear around the office and on the shop floor. Good price too. I've had no problem with the laces as others have mentioned.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable and Solid This is the second time I have bought these exact Timberlands. I was very happy with the first pair. They were very comfortable and very solid. This is a well built pair of boots. I do a lot of traveling and these were a reliable companion. This is my second pair and I still have my first pair. Nothing has broken or ripped on those. Everything is still serviceable but now after several years of daily use they soles are wearing down. No rips, every eyelet is still perfect. Very durable boots.
B000FX9A5S AWESOME I have owned many pairs of Timberlands throughout my life and this might be the most comfortable pair I have ever purchased. This is my first pair of steel toes, I needed them for a site visit, and I may never go back! I wore them walking around for 10 hours the first day with no pain! They are a little heavier than my previous pairs but that is understandable. All in all GREAT PAIR OF BOOTS!
B000FX9A5S love em great boots, will keep buying Timbos. I buy a pair every year and they get through everything i put them through. Still have my old pairs for the dirty stuff, they all still have life in them.
B000FX9A5S Perfect for use as work boots! This is the second pair I've owned.  The first pair lasted almost five years of rugged use, making me a super loyal Timberland fan.  Super comfortable from day one, no break-in pain.
B000FX9A5S A little tight I bought these in a size 15 for my bf. He wore them the first day and he said it rubbed his little toe. He switched to his old pair for a day or two and is trying to "break the new pair in."
B000G1Z9XG Best pair of shoes This is the best pair of shoes I've purchased, so I had to buy a second pair.  I hope Timberland continues to make this product and style.  They fit perfect, true to my size 9.5 and very little breaking in.
B000G21BSC Love These Boots! This is the third pair of Timberland White Ledge boots I've bought.  I'm currently still wearing my second pair and only bought new ones for fear they'd disappear from the market.  The first Timberlands I wore for over four years and would still be wearing, but for my own ignorance.  I waded in knee deep water on a long hike, then hung them in the sun to dry. I only noticed my toes began to feel pinched and never realized what I'd done until after I bought new ones.  Of course, the sun shrunk and stiffened that first pair, but I believe with some saddle soap and a good wearing even they would probably feel fine again. (I kept them just in case.) This is a great waterproof boot, rugged and good looking.  But please, don't dry soaked leather in the sun!
B000G21BSC Durable, long-lasting boot I had a similar pair of these Timberland boots for eight + years.  I'm only buying new ones because the sole separated from the boot. This new style seems to be made differently - I don't think I'll have the same issue. I'm a size 7; my old pair and new pair are both size 6 1/2, though the new pair seems to fit more snuggly (just need to be worn-in, I hope). This size will work with single pair of socks but won't work for double sock layer.
B000G21BSC 1ST PAIR OF TIMBERLANDS i love these boots! First pair of Timberlands ever and they are WAY BETTER than I expected! I bought 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear to accommodate thicker socks for hiking. These are SO comfortable! my feet feel well protected and I am more sure-footed which feels great. I'd recommend these to anyone looking for good hiking boots. No problem breaking in, either, which was a pleasant surprise.
B000G21BSC my second pair. Great hiker Great boot. Used over muliple terraines and they have great traction. Strong, sturdy, with good  support. I have high arches and there is just enough room for inserts. This is my second pair, first pair lasted years
B000G21BSC I LOVE this shoe! I love this shoe! I found my first pair a few years ago on a clearance at a closing Timberland store.... when those wore out, I was so bummed as I was sure they were no longer in production.... But I went to the Timberland internet site and, lo and behold, they still existed!!!I bought the second pair through Amazon and they were an exact duplicate of my first pair. I just bought pairs 3 and 4 as I don't know if they will really keep this shoe model for much longer!They fit perfectly from the beginning and only took a day or so to break in. They are tough and durable and withstand being worn everyday at a dog kennel, out in the field, and around the house and yard.
B000G21BSC Love the boots, but... I love the boots.  They're sturdy, yet comfortable and everything I was looking for.The problem is that it took two pairs to get it right.  The first order I received 2 LEFT BOOTS!!!  Tried to get in touch with customer service and could not find a number.  All correspondence had to be via email and there were no categories to explain the problem with having 2 left boots!! I needed them, so I ordered a second pair and paid for express shipping.  Now I will deal with returning the first &#34;pair&#34;.  BUT, I'm out a lot of time and postage just to get what I would have thought was a reasonable expectation in the beginning -- to order a pair of boots and expect to receive 1 right and 1 left!!
B000G23DQK Fake- Do not buy If you're looking for a genuine pair of Timberland boots, this is not them. Were too small, insoles were not the same, came damaged/ creased, and overall had many differences than a genuine pair. Don't pay this much money for a fake pair of boots.
B000G23DQK Strong , tough durable boots This is the 2nd pair I bought for my son.  The pair last year are now work boots .  The pair this year are clean .  They are consistantly a great boot.  Comfortable and can take a beating.  For some reason they make a fashion statement.  A clean Timberland boot goes great with jeans and a button down relaxed shirt.
B000G23DQK I love these Boots... As an old school New Yorker, I stay with a fresh pair of clean Tims. At one point, I purchased two pair a year. These are the second pair of Scuff Proof Tims I've purchased in over three years.  Scuff proof Tims are extremely easy to clean and look great for a long time. I would pay easily pay over $200.00 for these Boots. Best boots ever!
B000G23DQK Timberland waterproof boots Prompt delivery.  Left boot is slightly larger than the right side.  Other than that they are comfortable to wear and got good looks.  Still have them and still using them today.  Reason I got a pair is I had a pair in the passed and knew how comfortable and waterproof the boots are to wear in my opinion.  Probably will get another pair after I wear these out!
B000G24LJS Timberland Men's Boat Shoes Great shoe,  This isthe second pair I have bought. The first pair last over 15 years. Very happy with the product, They are comfortable,& duable.
B000G24LJS Got it right the second time My first pair i had to return because there was something sticking up into my heel from beneath the heel cushion (which is cemented in and not removable). It was either a knot from a stitch, or a nail, or something, it was enough to cause a blister after walking around a mall for a couple hours. The second pair is better. I will say there is no arch, and no form for your foot. The time spent on the great exterior construction was not spent on the inside.  I love the shoes so much i decided to keep them and put inserts in for the heels and arches. Still testing which inserts will be best, but i like the shoes, the look, the construction is still good, even if they are made somewhere far less cheaply than before.
B000G24LJS A Classic style Nothing dress up a pair of jeans more than this Timberlands. A casual city look... this are my favorite pair of shoes EVER!
B000G24LJS I need to buy another pair I need to buy another pair.  Someone saw them and wanted a pair for themselves. I never reveal my secret places or prices but I give them ideas of where to find them.
B000HGZRUK Great boot second pair ive bought. great boot. last forever. great material. still have the first pair, just dirty. wanted a new pair for a nice clean boot to wear. very durable.
B000JOJYW2 Good Boots I was about to buy a second pair of these boots, I've had my current pair for about four years now.  They needed a little breaking in at first but were very comfortable after that.  They have seen a lot of hard wear and outdoor activities and weathered it well.  The water resistant coating didn't last long after a few walks around a very sulfurous hot spring, but the thick leather still keeps my feet dry.  The heavy sole is good for digging and other outdoor labor.  I recommend these boots to anyone that wants to settle in to a pair of work boots for the long haul.
B000KVA7YI Great Boot My second pair.. Still wearing my first pair of this style boot, but got another pair because first pair looking little worn when going out.  Yes they are very comfortable and wear all the time.
B000KVA7YI awesome !! This is my second pair that I ordered through Amazon. I love the fact they fit as expected. Most importantly, the price was lower the second time around.
B000KVA7YI Great boots! Have a $300 pair of Red Wings and I prefer these to them. Would definitely by another pair when needed.
B000KVA7YI Amazing pair of boots from TIMBERLAND!!! Better late than never!!!. This is the pair of boots to flaunt wherever you are, be it official, casual, trekking, biking......the list is endless. Robust pair of boots at a very good price.. 3 CHEERS TO TIMBERLAND & AMAZON!!!
B000KVA7YI 2nd pair I usually wouldnt take the time to write a review,but being able to read others helps me shop online. These are my second pair of Tims,of this style. I still have first pair after 7yrs. They are scuffed and dirty but are still structurally sound. I bought a new pair because they look very good when they are new and I wear them as casual boots for going around town. They seem to run a little smaller than my last pair. My last pair were size ten, and my new pair are 10.5.
B000NKIGNK Great Shoe This is my second pair of these.  I love them.  They are great brand new and even better worn in.
B000NKIGNK I liked them enough to get 2 pair I purchased my 1st pair of the Kia Wah Bay boat shoe while vacationing in the Finger Lakes of NY. At that time, I thought they were extremely comfortable, with just enough supporting arch to make wearing them all day enjoyable. I also was pleased to note that they were available in Wide - I was able to get the 9 1/2 W instead of the normal-width 10 that I usually have to deal with. There was no break-in period at all. I just started wearing them all day, every day on that vacation.The 1st pair lasted over 2 1/2 years of daily wear, and finally tore out along a seam. I liked them so much that I immediately ordered another pair - just a different color. They do come in tan, brown, dk brown (chocolate), and gray. For casual attire at work, I chose the brown.They're not water-proof - so don't expect to be dry when it's pouring outside. This wasn't a surprise to me and I don't consider it a negative but the info should be included in any review.I'll buy another pair unless they are discontinued before then!
B000QW02F0 Second pair. Somewhat larger. I bought the same model 7 months ago and it fit perfectly. This time around the boots were larger and uncomfortable.
B000QW02F0 Great boots, this is my second pair. These are very rugged due to the synthetic waterproof black colored material used on the lower portions of the boot. The last pair I had lasted over 2 years of daily use.
B000TK6IMA Great Shoe My boy had an old pair of these shoes he wore for two years.  I finally convinced him to let me buy a new, correct size pair.  He slipped the new pair on and exclaimed they felt just like the old pair!  No break- in period necessary. He wears them all the time, school and play. They are great and hold up so well.
B000UCCQEQ Solid Pair of Boots!! Looking now for some time to replace a very similar Timberland pair I've had for a few years now.  Perfect fit, Perfect pair!! Won't go wrong with this one if you're looking for a light duty work boot or day hiker!!
B000VI8VBG Highly recommend These are the second pair my 5 year old has owned. He wore the other pair until his outgrew them. They are rugged and really last and look good contantly. Plus they are easy for him to slip on an off on his own. These are terrific. Especially great for to go with uniforms
B000VQ9QKS A proven boot design I LOVE these boots. This is my second pair that I have bought. This pair is exactly the same as the as the previous one I bought 6 years ago. The first pair is now relegated to yard work after hiking in all weather and terrain, since they are no longer water tight. The fit on these shoes is great, they are roomy in the toe area, which I like. They are light weight and comfortable from the first minute of putting them on.
B000VQ9QKS Great Fit and Comfort Right Out of the Box! This is my second pair of Timberland Chocorua Trail boots. The first pair is still going strong, though a bit worn after three years.  I like them so much that I wanted to be sure I had another pair in case they were to be discontinued.  I truly  hope they are not, as Timberland really has created a fine all-around general-wear light-hiking boot.This boot has everything one needs in a light hiker; excellent true-to-size fit, rugged grippy sole, and waterproof well over your ankle.  For me, there is virtually NO break-in period with this boot.  They are unbelieveably comfortable from the first time you put them on.  The quality of their materials and construction is evident, as my old pair has not so much as one broken stitch.  Even the laces have lasted as long as the boots themselves.If you are looking for a wonderfully comfortable hiking boot to wear often, this is the boot you need.  They are made in a few colors and men's sizes also.  My husband feels the same about them, and also has two pairs, and he is picky about his boots!
B000VQ9QKS so-so boot I ordered a pair of brown Timberland Women's Chocorua Trail ankle boots from amazon. The first sign of crappiness shows as soon as I opened the box: Boots surface got scratch marks after lightly touching the box that came with them. After a 10 mile hike my boots look like it's been worn for 10 years. This pair is relatively comfortable, no break-in, good enough grip, no blister after 10 miles of walking/rock climbing, not waterproofed for sure. The shoe laces come off every 5 minutes as I walked, which was extremely annoying. For the price of $90, I'm not really impressed with what it is offering. A $30 pair from wal-mart seems to do the same job. Definitely not coming back for a 2nd pair again.
B000VQBPOS Everyone Should Own a Pair These Boots are so fabulous - I purchased 3 pair in different colors. Very supportive and sharp-looking worn with Levis.
B000VQBPOS Second Pair Had my first pair for almost 4 years, loved them so I bought a second pair and if they are still around in a few years will purchase them again. They are comfortable and I like the way they fit since the are for women I bought my size and had no problem with them.
B000VQBPOS Won't wear anything else I had a pair of these that lasted me about 3 years wearing them almost everyday. They were so comfortable I didn't want to wear anything else. Being a teacher I needed something that I could be comfortable in while on my feet all day. When my pair wore out, I immediately bought a new pair. These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I have found.
B000VW69IY Perfect Sandals Great shoes, super comfortable, long lasting.  This is my second pair, my first pair lasted almost 5 years before the support was not really good enough - upper was still great though.
B000VW69IY Outstanding Comfort & Quality I have been absolutely delighted with these shoes in every way.  I was going to get another pair to have in reserve when these wear out but Amazon is out of stock right now & price is much higher elsewhere.Timberland has gone to the top of my list for preferred brand of footwear!Updated 12/19/2012I've had the first pair for about 3 months now and they're the most comfortable shoes I've had in my entire life.  I just ordered a 2nd pair.
B000VW69IY Well made for the Price This is my 2nd. Pair, 1st. Pair I purchased one Month ago from a different Supplier, Much Cheaper, However when I tried to buy a 2nd.pair the price was $100. This was the cheapest I coud find them. Very well made.
B000VW69IY The best sandle This is my second pair of Timberland's Men's Altamont sandle and I will continue to get them as needed.  The last pair lasted about four seasons of heavy ware.  They are comfortable and stylish.  I would not consider any other sandle.
B000VW69IY My second pair! Yes, they are now the second pair that I have owned.  Liked the first pair so well that I wanted another.  Comfortable, easy to put on and they wear like a pigs snout!  Great find!
B000VW69IY GREAT product! This is the second pair of these sandles that I've purchased.  I wore the first pair almost everyday for close to five years.  From just normal wear around the house, to camping in the mountains.  I finally had to order a new pair because the sole finally wore through.
B000VW69IY It's my second pair!! I got my first pair a long time ago and I'm not even sure where. I only used them in the summer so they lasted many more years than any other shoe (of course their good craftsmanship and quality helps), but the soles were just about flat. I was so happy when I decided to do a search and found them on Amazon.  They are just as good quality and comfortable as the first ones, but with sole.  The sole gives them great traction and a nice comfy feeling when you walk.  I love these shoes! I was tempted to order two.The size I ordered (same size as before) fit the first time so I didn't have to try the return and reorder process, so everything was a snap for me.
B000VW69IY Second- pair Really like this style of shoe.. This is my second  pair I have bought.. Bought the frist pair at dillards,Saved a few dollars buying from amazon.. Thanks
B000VW69IY Great to find online! This is the second pair my husband has had, and he is delighted with them. They are supportive yet cool, and great for casual wear.
B000VW69IY replacement Love the shoe. Second pair. Replacing a pair my dog ate. Comfortable and durable, but will not stand up to the chew toy test.
B000VW69IY Fisherman shoes The best pair of sandals I have ever owned.  This makes my fourth pair, same style and color that I have ordered.  I believe I get a pair each year now.  Excellent quality and fit for me.
B000VW69IY Long Lasting and Comfortable This is my second pair of these sandles.  They are smart looking, extremely comfortable, and durable.  Wear barefooted with shorts or wear with socks for jeans or slacks.  Thank you, Timberland!
B000VW69IY Very comfortable I bought one pair and they were so comfortable and good looking that I immediately purchased a second pair which I got today.Don't know how well they will wear but I have never had a problem with Timberlands
B000VW69IY Great Fit/ Comfortable These Sandals fit great right from the box day one.  Have never had a shoe that was as comfortable.  Actually this is the second pair that I purchased in a weeks time.  The first pair fit so well and were so comfortable that I had a desire to get a backup pair.  Ones that I could use for other than everyday use.
B000VW69IY Love them The shoes arrived on time as promised. They are a perfect fit and of course they look very nice. I gave them 5 star for those very reasons. I might order another pair soon. I want a black pair
B000VW69IY My 2nd pair My second pair... I enjoyed the first pair for a few years and now time for new ones. Very comfortable, stylish and durable. I definitely recommend it.  Good price and timely shipping by amazon.
B000VW69IY Comfortable Comfortable.  This is my secong pair.  First pair lasted about 18 months of almost daily wear.  Very much recommended buy.
B000VW69IY Just As Comfortable Got this pair to replace another pair I've had for several years.  The soles on the old pair are pretty shot.  I'd forgotten the sort of cushioned feel of walking in the original pair.  These'll be my summer footwear now.
B000VW69IY Third pair he has owned Need I say more? He claims these are the most comfortable shoes he has ever had and is considering ordering another pair to have when they wear out.
B000VW9RFG Great pair of casual shoes I already owned a pair of these in Brown and loved them so much that I bought them in Black. Easy to wear and comfortable. They run about a size biger than marked. Many compliments from friends.
B000VWBAHO favorite pair of shoes looking for another similar pair! i had them for almost a year, they are confortable the best pair of shoes i ever had...iam looking for a new pair of insoles because the old ones are kind of nasty looking and they smell! probably because i wear the shoes more than what iam supposted too!
B000VWEHJW Very Good Shoe This is my second pair of Timberlands.  The first pair lasted two years.  The current pair is holding up great.  They are water proof and very sturdy, plus they are very comfortable.  I had purchased another brand in the same price range and they didn't last 3 months.  I'm on my feet a lot at work.  I will continue to purchase the Montgomery as long as they are available
B000VWEHJW Brown and just purchased a black pair I have owned a pair of these in brown for 2 years and they are fantastic for daily use at the office.  Dressy enough to be called a dress shoe, but comfortable enough to be considered casual.  I just purchase a pair in black and they are just as great.  I don't think these will ever wear out because they are built so well.
B000VWJHVU My second pair... great! These are great for all uses!  Casual or dress - all weather, can't be beat for comfort, reliability... this is my second pair, and the first pair lasted a LONG time.
B000VWJHVU love the boots this pair didn't fit I've owned a pair before and they have been great!! This pair was too tight and my size wasn't available - I was really bummed.
B000VX01V4 not as good as before this must be my 8th pair... this is the worst one. the insoles fell out the second day. too bad too, this was a great shoe.
B000VX01V4 The Classic Continues This is the second pair of Timberland boat shoes I've owned. The first pair lasted 15yrs. When I received these new shoes I was excited to find they are still made the same way, stitches through to the first layer of sole, all quality leather uppers, and quality materials and construction all around. They added some additional inside heel padding and a small pad at the top of the tongue, but all in all, it's the same pair of shoes. Considering how amazing the first pair lasted, these should fair as well. Definitely good looking shoes and feel great on the foot. Come with the same great soles as well.
B000VX03GC I love these boots! These are really nice. This is my second pair. I blew my first pair out but don't let that fool you. It's only because I wore them so much. Like any other boots you have to break them in but they are very comfortable even when new. They are leather you will need to look after them with oil or wax or something similar.Remember they are hiking boots not work boots. If you plan to dig holes and go on building sites and the likes they most likely wont last very long. If you plan on going up hills or even just want general every day boots they are great. I did do some cycling in my first pair too. They are not really cycling shoes either. It worked out fine but it probably didn't help their life span either.
B000VX03GC Love these boots My favorite pair of boots available in wide.  This is my third pair!  They are comfortable for everyday usage, hiking, offer support as well.
B000VX03GC A great boot I have had two pair for a year and wear one or the other every day.  They felt great right out of the box and have shown wear but no defects.  I love them.  I ordered this pair to hedge the future and this pair felt great right out of the box just like the others.
B000VX03GC My favorite boots This is the fourth pair of Timberland boots I have owned so needless to say I am happy with the quality and comfort.  This was the first pair I've had with the gortex.  They are truly water proof and very light.  I though about ordering some extra pairs just in case they discontinue this style for any reason.
B000VX03GC Rugged, comfortable boot I'm on my second pair now. They last a long time, are comfortable, and, well, they look pretty darn good, too.
B000VX03GC Best boots ever!!! Just bought my second pair had the first pair for 2 years. I do a lot of walking everyday and finally decided to get a new pair. I could definately get a few more months out of them if I needed too. The rubber on the toe is starting to come undone, and the laces wore fairly quickly from the top hooks. Will by another pair when my new ones wear down.
B000VX03GC I buy a new pair every year!! I have bought a pair of these every year for the past 5 years and they have never failed me! I do maintenance work for a resort and am on my feet all day!For me the first month is a bit of a breaking in period but after that it is all good, The Gortex keeps you feet cool and dry!!I would recommend some good wool socks to make them even better!!
B000VX03GC very comfortable shoe helps to relieve my husband's plantar faciatis symptoms. This is his third pair and surely won't be the last pair he buys.
B000VX03GC Great fit this is my second pair that I've owned. I just love the great fit and the long wear that I get from them.
B000VX03GC Best boot I've found This is my second pair of this style of Timberlands and third pair of TL in general. I have always been impressed with their quality and durable nature. I wear these to work everyday doing construction and just recently hiked 16 miles in the mountains with this pair just a week old. They break in easy and last a long time and I would say they hold up as well or better than $130 -$200 pair of competitor boots.
B000VX03GC Quality boot! Bought these boots for the second time. I hiked with the first pair in Colorado, New Mexico, and southern Illinois. I've worn them comfortably through several Illinois winters. They've held up perfectly, and I've only had to replace the strings. I'm keeping the first pair as work boots, and this new pair will be for hiking this summer in Yellowstone.
B000VX03GC my favorite lightweight, and great to wear. I will always try to have a pair of these on hand even after I wear these out
B000VX03GC Great boots I had these boots before and loved them.  This pair came quickly and are just as wonderful as my first pair! Highly recommend!
B000VX03GC Just bought my Third AND Fourth pair I got my first pair of these before going for some hikes in Zion national park.I loved these boots so much I got my second pair after wearing out my first pair (I started hiking A LOT after that trip - plus I live in the Chicago area and wear basically nothing else all through winter).After I wore out those two pairs, I decided to buy another two pairs so I would have one pair I could take on the trail and one pair I could wear to work and at social engagements.I am so glad that this perfect, lightweight, waterproof, and durable design has not changed.  I will keep buying them as long as Timberland keeps making them!
B000VX03GC great boots this is my third pair. great boots this is my third pair.
B000VX03GC My second pair but some things you should know... Finally got my 2nd pair of these.  Had my first pair for about 3+ years of heavy use.  When it came time to replace I wanted to try a higher end boot.  Got a pair of Merrils and had problems with the fit of the right boot, then they started to rub the top of my toes, again, in the right boot.  Was frustrated and decided to go with "tried and true" and ordered my 2nd pair of these.  So with HEAVY use I can say...Pros:-fit right out of the box, don't really need to break them in-waterproofing held up and still is on my original pair, I'm impressed-they're very light weight and VERY comfortable-they look good-they're great on downhills (not all hiking boots are)-not too badly priced; especially if you get them on saleCons:-The traction isn't as aggressive as I'd like-the tread wears a little quick and since there wasn't an aggressive tread to begin with it seems they wore down too soon.  I continue to wear my old pair for dirty jobs as work boots and they're fine but on slick surfaces or muddy slopes they got a little to slick a little too soon-the laces that come with these boots won't stay tied for anything; plan on replacing them immediately-The insoles are cheap; I used the originals for the life of my first pair but bought new insoles for my 2nd pair and it almost transforms the boot in a good way.  I LOVE my 2nd pair a 100% more with the new insoles.-They eyelets have never broken on mine as others have reported but they are a bit sharp so they wear thinner laces (the kind I prefer) rather quickly.-You can really feel rocks through the sole; these are better for smoother trails; for really rocky terrain they're a bit thin.When I wear out my 2nd pair I'll  try again to find my "ultimate" hikers but frankly for the money you'd be hard pressed to get much better than these.  I know I listed quite a few cons but don't shy away; just get them on sale and buy some better insoles and you'll have a great boot.  The fact that my 1st pair are still waterproof after such heavy use is really impressive to me and the old pair are still more than serviceable.
B000VX03GC Great boots This is my second pair, I wear them every day for work. Comfortable and durable. I buy a half size larger and use insoles for added comfort..
B000VX03GC Can't get enough! I am on my fourth pair of these all-around utility boots.  They fit me comfortably and are worn year round.  I will be ordering up a fifth pair soon!
B000VX03GC My 2nd Pair My first pair lasted me 4 years.  It felt great, was light, and resisted water well.  So I got this 2nd pair and am enjoying it as much as the last pair.I use it for treks into the woods for my hobby: bird photography.
B000VX03GC Quality boots These are what I work in at the hospital. They are durable, comfortable and are well made. These are my second pair
B000VX03GC This is the second pair I've purchased that have fallen apart almost immediately! Timberland has always been my husband's &#34;got to shoe&#34; for work.  This is the second pair he's had in the last 12 months that he's had to throw away almost immediately because something sticks out and rubs on the inside.  I purchased one at the Timberland store and the second from Amazon so I don't think it was a bad run.  VERY disappointed.
B000VX03GC LIKE WALKING ON AIR! I bought the first pair of these boots in the grey for my hubby, and from the first day he wore them, he would not change and wear another pair of shoes. I told him he was going to wear them out very quickly, and he said they were so comfortable that he wished he had them in other colors. I ordered a second pair in the only other color I found them in(brown).  Although my hubby likes to dress up, and has many dress shoes, he will not stop wearing these Timberlands, and doesn't stop commenting on how comfortable they are. He has now become a walk-about and can't stop; sleet, rain, snow or sun! The price at Amazon was much lower than they are sold for locally, and the shipment was super fast.  This is a wonderful, well made comfortable pair of boots, and the two colors I bought for him blends in well with many shades ... wish they had even more colors. I highly recommend these boots to anyone looking for a very well made, very comfortable, fashionable pair of waterproof hiking boots. Now all his buddies want to buy the same ones.P.S. They are all 60+ :~{!!!
B000VX03GC Great Boots This is my second pair of Timberland Chocorua Trail boots and I love them as much as the first pair!  I work in construction, but with a size 14 wide foot it's hard to find a pair of boots light enough and tough enough to handle what I put them through.  These boots are cool in summer, warm in winter and dry all the time.  I bought a pair for my son who wears a size 15 and he loves them as much as me.
B000VX03GC Great boot This is my third pair. Have loved each pair. Just got these to wear out as a casual shoe. These are all around boots. I've used them very hard and have pretty much wore out my pair that's six years old but hate to part with them.
B000VX03GC Great all-around boot! These boots are broke-in the first time you put them on.  They are very light and comfortable.  My last pair lasted a little over a year, and I wore them almost every day (working, hiking, fishing, and hunting).
B000VX03GC I bought a second pair before they change the style I like it so much. Usually by the time I wear a pair of boots they are no longer available. So I bought this pair to have a second set ready just in case. Lightweight and waterproof and fit my wider foot.I wore these for eight weeks in Colorado hiking 7 days a week for a field camp and they were great. I actually damaged the first pair on those volcanic rocks in CO. and they replaced them at no charge. Made me happy with my choice so I bought a second pair.I also have had surgery on my foot and a plate put in (turf toe) and these boots flex perfectly at the toe so there is no pain from the boot. Steel toed boots or stiff boots are agony after the surgery.Now my backpacking go to's.
B000VX03GC 2nd time purchase. 2nd pair I have owned.  Very comfortable and durable and only takes one or two wearing a to get them broke in.
B000VX03GC Great Boot This is my second pair.  I liked the first one so well, I ordered a second one.  They fit and wear good right out of the box, easy on and off.  The leather is very soft and with my old sore feet I put in a couple pairs of gel inner soles and they do the trick.  I love these and highly recommend them.
B000VX03GC Bad fit? This is my forth pair of boots from Timberland, the first three were I expect a now stopped type. The only complaint I (and it seems from others) is they wore out fast; but they were good boots.  This pair gave me blisters on my first walk (two miles).  I couldn't use them again for three days.  I'm wearing them now, with decreasing pain each walk.  I hope my experience is an exception.
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocura Trail Boot. I know my size and Timberlands fit perfect. They are very stylish, well made, extremely comfortable and light weight.Once I owned a pair of Timberland boots I have bought 3 more pair and I love all of them.Only problem is which pair to wear.
B000VX03GC If it aint broke My first pair I've had since '06, still as comfortable as ever. I've lived on two continents and my timberlands have been with me all the way.  Comfortable, durable (very durable), not bad looking either. Just bought my second pair after about 7 years of wearing the first. Will most likely not buy another type of boot again...ever. If it aint broke why fix it?
B000VX03GC Good boot This is the second pair of these boots I have owned.  They are very comfortable on my feet and waterproof.  I haven't had any problems with these boots. I wear them for daily were, hiking and some hunting.
B000VX03GC Nice boots at a good price I needed a new pair of hiking boots after my existing pair started to disintegrate. I found these at a local store but almost choked at the price. I checked the price on Amazon with my smartphone and immediately placed my order. I just ordered the same thing that I'd tried on in the shop, so there was not much to worry about as far as fit was concerned.
B000VX03GC Good All Around Fit I use these for work and I love the fit. I had a previous pair of these boots and they were worth a second buy!
B000VX03GC Still a great pair of boots On my 4th pair of these boots and hope Timberland doesn't quit making them.  They're comfortable and don't require a long or arduous break in period.  Though they are a little slick on wet surfaces at first.  I've worn them at work trudging through knee high snow, in downpours during the rainy seasons, and through the SC summers and they've kept my feet warm/cool and dry.  They've been dependable on the trails as well and are pretty much all I wear when I'm playing in the woods.As for complaints about their quality, or lack thereof, those people may not have realized that Timberland offers a lifetime warranty on their products.  I've had an eyelet break on a couple of pairs, but I called customer service and they provided me a RMA#.  I shipped them back and within 2 weeks had a brand new pair, even on a pair I had had for 8 months.  They've always honored their warranty.
B000VX03GC Not the same boot.... I ordered two pairs of these boots because the first pair were great BUT THEY WERE NOT THE SAME AS THE FIRST PAIR.  Both new pairs have blown out souls and are unrepairable.  We ordered them at the end of June this year and here it is October, both pairs are shot and we are being told we can not return.  So BEWARE of the Chocorua GTX hicking boot.  We are very upset and probably will not be reordering shoes from Amazon again!
B000VX03GC Not Comfortable I've owned several pairs of Timberland boots.  All have been very comfortable, but the soles often fall off after a few seasons.  So I was in need of a new pair, but this pair just isn't as comfortable as my previous pairs.  My ankles actually hurt after prolonged wear, I've never had that issues with shoes before.
B000VX03GC Amazing Boot This is the most comfortable shoe that I have EVER worn. I have purchased two pair (wear one for outdoors and the other for into town) and will buy more in the future.
B000VX03GC No other boots for me This is my second pair of these boots and I can't say enough good about them. I use them for hunting, hiking, and just hanging out. I will buy another pair when I wear these out!
B000VX03GC Nice general purpose hiker, but not fire boots This is my second pair and even though my first pair was a bit tight, I thought enough of them to buy again. My usual size is 10 D, so I got 10.5 EE this time for extra room in the toe box and wear with heavy socks. The fit is perfect, they are light weight and very comfortable right out of the box with no break-in needed. These boots wear well and I would still be wearing my first pair after 2 years if I hadn't worn them around a fire and melted the nylon side panels. The speed lace grommets work well and the laces hold up too. Laces had no noticeable wear after 2 years until the fire melted the outer shell. Keep them away from fire and they will give good service.
B000VX03GC Timberland men's chcourua boots Very satisfied. I matched the size of an old pair of timberland boots with a new pair. Decision was highly successful
B000VX03GC Comfortable Great fit and very comfortable. First pair of this type of shoe that I have owned and would recommend them to anyone.
B000VX03GC Great Boots!! Great Boots at a great price. I purchased my first pair of these boots a couple of years ago. I liked them so much that I just bought a 2nd pair on Amazon so that when my first pair wears out - I will have a back-up.
B000VX03GC second pair love these boots boots.bought the first pair 3 or 4 years ago for 135.00 at dicks this time they were allot cheaper at amazon. .work,hunt,hike and fish in all types of weather.keeps my feet dry and they work well with a heavy sock in colder weather
B000VX03GC Love these boots.  These are my 2nd pair. These are great boots.  The first pair lasted me about two year and finally wore some holes in the leather near the toes.  Not too waterproof with the holes so I got another pair.  Great for working, hiking or just wearing around town.
B000VX03GC Great Boots I was looking to replace a pair that the heels wore out on.  No longer being made so I ordered these.  Nice pair of boots.
B000VX03GC A Great Hiking Boot This is the second pair of these boots I have owned, and they're great. Day-to-day or hiking on the trails, they're sturdy and comfortable. I was glad when Timberland re-released this model for a third time this year, just an all around wonderful boot. And as usual buying through amazon was fast, effective, and pain free.
B000VX03GC Good boots for the price Not bad for the price and fits well. This is my second pair, the first one leaked a bit but the fit was fine. Fit is true to size.
B000VX03GC Second pair, still happy After the first pair finally wore down some of its treads after 4 years (2 years of daily wear plus hiking and snow for 2 years) the original pair had started loosing some of its original waterproof capabilities. This pair will probably get a bit less wear due to different clothing needed for work, but I know I can count on these to hold up when I use them.The only negative of the original pair was the design of the eye holes for the laces wore out about 6 pair of laces over the 4 year period.
B000VX03WQ Timberland boots I purchased a pair for Christmas 2005 for my husband that hikes at least 5 miles per day in the local woods near us.  They have weathered snow, water, and mud.  The only thing that we have replaced are shoe laces on these boots. It is now January 2008 and he finally decided that maybe we should replace the current pair with another pair exactly the same.  He said that these boots were comfortable from the first time he wore them and wouldn't have any other boot.
B000VX03WQ love timberland It's my second pair from timberland. Great for outdoor!Got them with discounts and you can't imagine how hapy i was! :)
B000X46MOQ I Love These Boots! This is my second pair of these. In between, I got a pair of Lehigh boots that were big @ clompy. These are awesome! I hope they make them forever.
B000X46MOQ Timberland PRO Womens boots Love, Love, Love these boots.  This is my second pair and needed to get a new pair and instead of going to the store I purchased the first pair.  I checked on Amazon and Saved $40.  Works for me and I didn't have to leave my house!
B000XEA5ZI comfortable & durable workboots. I am a carpenter and need a good pair of boots. These are. I am on my second pair. work great in the rain since they are waterproof. Thank you.
B000XEA5ZI New Boots This is my second pair of these boots. first pair lasted over 2 years and still had plenty of tread left. The sole of the R boot separated from the upper. I could not get any glue I had to hold it together for more than a day.
B000XEACHO Great Boots Second pair of these boots and they're great! My first pair had plenty of mileage on them! Very comfortable as I wear them daily for work.
B000XEACHO Great boots Talked to a co-woker that just bought a pair and loves them.I bought a pair and they fit perfect, very comfortable.
B000XEAJOK A little loose in the trunk on first pair ordered! I really like these boots.  Were recommended to me by a friend that is on his feet all day doing safety inspections in all types of environments.  He's had his current boots for about two years and they definitely look the wear however still do not leak, are as comfortable as a slipper (his words) and still plenty of sole to be safe.  This pretty much sold me so I purchased from Amazon.  I typically wear a size 9 boot but from other posts I noticed some recommended a half size smaller or even up to a full size.  I ordered the 8.5 and once I got them they definitely had some slop in them.  When walking around it made the same sound as a cheap flip-flop on concrete floor.  So immediately I ordered the size 8 and two days later (free shipping Prime) I was wearing my new and permanent pair of boots.  They fit like a glove and are as comfortable as a pair of high dollar crocs.  I returned the first pair of boots back to Amazon at no charge to me and very much a happy camper.
B000XEAJOK one was stretched out i thought i was ordering a new pair of boots but one was already stretched out.not so happy that i had to buy a 20.00 pair of inserts to make them fit.
B000XEAM10 comfortable boot This is my second pair of these boots.  Old pair lasted as long or longer than previous work boots for me.  These boots have very roomy toe (main reason for purchase).  I  will definately buy these boots again.
B000XEAM10 Are you serious? Waaaay cheaper than the boot stores around here! Great boots, lightweight, rugged, comfortable, this is my second pair, I haven't worn out the first yet, but the company buys me new ones every year, so now I have two great pairs of boots!
B000XEAM10 LIked it I rated this boot because I've owned a pair just like it before there some good working boots. I would recommend these to anyone, I've had my old pair for 2yrs and the only reason they didn't last longer because I walk on rocks all day. Great buy.
B000XEAM10 Great Boot!!!!!! By far this is the best work boot I have ever owned. I am a Industrial Electrician and on my feet all day, I bought my first pair in 2010 and I am still wearing them. the sole has worn down as expected but aside from that they are still in good condition. I recently bought a second pair to save until the first pair finally wear out, I only hope that when it is time to replace the new ones timberland is still offering them
B000XEAMXS second pair... I walk a few miles a day in a large warehouse , these boots are a must have! I will continue to buy the same boots as long as I have my current job.
B000XEAMXS great boots These are my fourth pair of Timberland pro series in about 11 years. My first pair with a composite toe so i was a little concerned but they can stand up to a 4x4 landing on them. Comfortable and light weight
B000XEAMXS Titan composite Great boots, this is my second pair. I usually wear a 12 with everything else but with my second pair I bought an 11.5 and they fit perfectly. Though the 12 had room and felt great, I felt like I slid a bit when i didn't want to.
B000XEAPDA Excellent boots I take an 11D size and these fit perfectly, I wouldn't change a thing.  I work outside around heavy equipment in a hot climate most of the year. The leather, while durable breaks in almost immediately with a comfortable fit in the safety toe area. If you need a good, light , well fitting, rugged work boot I would highly recommend these. This is my second pair and like the first, I am completely satisfied and plan on replacing them, when needed, with another pair of Titans.
B000XEAPDA Second pair This is the second pair of these that I have. My first pair lasted over a year of hard use and I would expect that this pair would last the same.
B000XEAPDA I have had better! This is the second set of these boots that I have owned. The first pair I bought from a large outdoor box store. That pair was great. They felt as if they were broken in from the time I bought them. They were very confortable and were a great buy. I wore them for almost a year before the soles and in soles showed signs of wear. I decided to replace them with another pair as I was extremely happy with them. I researched prices and found the best deal to be from Amazon. After a month and half of wearing them Monday thru Friday and spending most of my time on my feet, the insoles were wore completely through in two places in each boot. I am going to have to try and buy insoles to replace the damaged ones, so I am not happy at all with this purchase. If you spend most of your time on your feet and wear them daily, you may want to consider other brands.
B000XEAPDA Very good work boots This is the third pair of boot I've Oder and for the  price I will order the same pair again.
B000XEAPDA Great boot This is my second pair of timberland PRO's the first in wheat.  Great comfortable and light boots, I am hooked and hopefully they never discontinue the series.  The wheat was tough to keep clean because of the suede but these are nearly perfect!
B000XEAPDA Very Comfortable This is my third pair of Pro series, the first two were soft toe but basically the same. They are very comfortable right out of the box and lightweight to boot. I wear them every day. The second pair lasted about eight months, the sole split. I can't remember how long the first pair lasted but it was long enough to purchase a second pair.The best boots I have ever worn.
B000XEAPDA Great, comfortable work boot This is my second pair of Timberland Pro Titan work boots. My first pair was purchased for about $50 more than what I paid here on Amazon.Pros, Comfortable, very light weight, flexible, composite instead of steel toe (lighter and doesn't freeze), good traction on ground and on roofs. Saved $50 on Amazon vs my local shoe store, metal eyes for laces so they don't pull out.Cons, My first pair of these boots barely made it through year and that was wearing a different pair of boots for months with snow on the ground. The uppers of the boots, while worn and scratched from work were doing okay, however I had the split sole problem mentioned in other reviews of this boot. It split right across the ball of my foot. It was a small crack at first through which water would seem on rainy days making the foot instantly wet, and within a week or two of the small crack it straight broke.I may have been able to contact Timberland and gotten a new pair under warranty but after a year I didn't think to try. If this pair of boots does the same thing, I'll try that. And even if they don't replace I'll probably buy another pair. $100~ /year is not a bad price for comfortable work boots.
B000XEEQAI On my tenth pair I work carpentry and construction and these boots are worn year round.  I'm on my tenth pair, and I've worn the soles off every set.  No seam blowouts ever and even the laces last.
B000XEEQAI Most comfortable boot that doesn't last The Boot fits great and is very comfortable.  This is my second pair.  Unfortunately, the soles  break apart and crack very quickly.  I thought the first might had been a fluke with my first boot, but the second did the same thing. You can expect about 6 months of daily wear, before the sole start cracking.  It is too bad, because they are so comfortable.  I will not be buying another pair...  sad to say.
B000XEEQAI timberland work boots awesome boots, already have a pair of these liked them so much had to have another pair when my old pair got a little rugged, holds up to my hvac job. fast shipping with amazon and exactly as described.  saved me 50 dollars from buying in town. A+
B000XEEQAI Very comfortable boots Great boots, this is my second pair.  I gave 4 stare because the sole doesn't last long.
B000XEEW9S A.V Tech These are my second pair of timberland pro boots but the first soft toe. They are comfortable and stylish but they scuff up kind off easy.
B000XEEW9S Second pair just as good as the first These are the second pair my husband has bought of these, not as work boots but for riding (horses, not motorcycles). They stand up well to being at the barn and out in the fields, and the sole is stiff enough to provide support in the stirrups. These are a perfect alternative to pricier Ariats, plus they come in black.
B000XEEW9S THE MOST COMFORTABLE BOOTS I'VE EVER OWNED. This is the second pair of these boots I've purchased in the past six months. The first pair turned out to be defective and was replaced by Timberland. I'm a landscaper and am constantly on my feet but these boots are almost as comfortable as wearing a pair of quality sneakers all day. I got used to the daily foot pain in the past with other boots but this is a totally new and pleasant experience. I come home free of the daily pain and foot problems I've had for years. I even do wear the second pair while not working. That's how comfortable they are. Timberland really got the comfort issues solved and they have always made a very long lasting, durable product.
B000XEH2JA Might buy another pair Ordered these online (gotta love having a prime membership) and I like them so much I am seriously considering buying another pair.
B000XEH2JA Great work boots I got a pair of these in brown last year because it was all I could find in a size 15 at the time. I hadn't worn Timberlands before that and ended up being pleasantly surprised. I just bought a black pair so I can alternate. They run true to size, are light, comfortable, and very durable. Well worth the price and then some.
B000XEH2JA Most comfortable shoes I own I'm now on my third pair of these boots and they're still great. I wear them withGreen Superfeet, and they are not just the most comfortable boots I've ever worn, they're the most comfortable shoes of any style that I currently own. I don't remember how long I wore the first pair before downgrading them to yard work and painting duties and replaced them, but my second pair survived about 16 months (480 days), of which I wore them the majority of probably at least 350, possibly 400 days. Even now they're not completely dead, and a bit ofShoe Goomight keep them in good service for a while longer.I discovered my first pair in a brick and mortar store, and found that a wide size fit me best, which I might not have otherwise ordered. That "wide" (2E) is also nowhere near as wide as the Superfeet, which I had to trim way down. However, I haven't tried putting a normal width (D) Superfeet in them so I can't say whether that would fit well.Note that to get to the "most comfortable shoe" status they do require a break-in period of several wearings, and I need to carefully tighten the laces more in some parts than in others.They don't breathe particularly well - my feet come out pretty sweaty at the end of the day, even having spent most of the day sitting in an office. However, walking long periods in them has never bothered me. I haven't tried using them for sports, but I suspect they would be too big and too hot.
B000XEH2JA Mail order shoes- always a suprise I ordered this boot because I have a brown pair that I work in and sometime wear when motorcycling and decided a black pair would be better for that.  I ordered exactly the same size because my brown pair are super comfortable and allow me to walk miles without issue.  This pair is still a little tight in the width causing concern making them not quite as comfortable, but I am hoping they will stretch out with wear.  It is a shame my local store where I bought the brown pair does not carry black.
B000XEH2JA Comfortable Boots This is my second pair of these boots.  They are comfortable and ready to wear right out of the box, no break in required.
B000XEH2JA comfort + this is my second pair of Timberlands,the first died a slow quiet death,but, were still comfortable till the end.These boots are work horses, don't try and kill them, you can't,wear them in good health!!!
B000XEH2JA Buy smart. Timberland, shoes are the most comfortable, and safe shoes I have ever owned, this is my second pair. Other brands that I have owned do not live up to the, Oil resistant, and anti slip sole. These however deliver on what they promise, I had the previous pair about a year and a half, and the bottom of one shoe split through from side to side, even though this happend I still have ordered this same item number because of the comfort,I own my own automotive shop and are hard on shoes, even though the other pair split I still highly recommend this shoe, because its all about your feet. If your feet are not taken care of it transfers the pain and discomfort through your legs into your back and shoulders and soon you won't feel like working at all....
B000XEIZ7S Timberland Pro This is my third pair. No break in required.When these get worn I will get pair fourth.most comfortable boot I have ever owned.
B000XEIZ7S Best work boots I have ever owned This is my second pair and I hope they never stop making them. They are comfortable and soft right out of the box. They are comfortable and dry in cold or warmer weather. They are true to size and the titanium toe keeps them light also. They are good looking enough to wear as casual boots. These boots are very durable and I still use my first pair which I have had for two years, to do dirtier jobs. My only criticism and it is minor, is that the finish on the leather at the toes can scuff off fairly easy. Be careful of the toes when kneeling.
B000XEIZ7S Beware! This is not the same boot I bought locally 6 months ago. It is the same product number as the pair I bought at whistle w It is the same product number as the pair I bought at Whistle Work Wear but not the same boot. The pair I bought locally has two cushened in soles and was very comfortable. These have only one. Very disapointed and would like to return but am working out of town and need boots now! The boot is not big enough to add another insole. Too bad a company has to pull bullsh#t like this to save a couple dollars. I will not buy these boots again unless I have them in hand and know what I'm getting.
B000XEIZ7S Second Pair This is the second pair of Timberland Pro Boots that I have bought in 3 years. A well made boot and fits like a glove after a short break in period. I have very wide feet, 12- 3E and its hard to find wide boots that are comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot This is my 4th pair of these boots...Comfort fit and durability the best I have experienced...I'll buy them again when this pair wears out...nuff said.
B000XEIZ7S What I always expect from Timberland This is the 1st pair of boots I have ever purchased on-line.  I probably wouldn't have tried it with any other brand.  I love Timberland's consistency.  Thanks for another great pair of boots.
B000XEIZ7S Most comfortable boot made no break in period, wear immediately and 100 percent comfort. This is my second pair and both are 100 percent comfortable right out of the box
B000XEIZ7S Happy This is the second pair of these boots I have bought. I can only hope they last as well as the last pair, 10 months.
B000XEIZ7S Great all day work boots! This is the second pair of these pro series I have purchased. I did buy the waterproof option last time and since I needed a new pair I decided to purchase them. The boots come with an amazing insole that feel more like sneakers then boots. In my work environment steel toe is necessary and the timberland pro series don't bother your toes like other boots do. I will always purchase this boot when I feel I need a new pair.
B000XEIZ7S Great boot and long lasting. I  wore my first pair for two years. I just bought the Trekker pair but am sending them back and today received my second pair of Titans. My old pair lasted two years and I wore them plum out. These are very soft and comfortable. No wories about standing water either. The softness can be a bad thing around things that can pinch the sides of your feet because of the soft leather but there are trade offs to comfort. As long as they makes these I will buy them. These boots also look as comfortable as they feel. Have you ever seen a pair of wore out boots and thank, those must be comfortable? Well these are those kind. I love them.
B000XEIZ7S Nice bootys This is my second pair.  I don't love em as much as the first though, they seem to have less cushion, but they do hole true to what they say.  Waterproof, steel toe, comfortable, and a good looking pair of boots.  I wear them when i go out too.  Would I buy another pair.......most likly.
B000XEIZ7S Incredibly durable, light & comfortable I've owned this pair of boots for about two years now & I still love them. I wear them about 5 times a week doing construction type work inside and outside, year round. These are the most reliable, breathable pair of boots I own. I bought them after reading a few reviews & went with them. These boots very comfortable inside and as light as one of my older pair of basketball shoes. The color has worn down a bit over the time I've owned them, but I've put them through an incredible beating. They still are more breathable than a pair of hiking boots/shoes I own & they're still waterproof and keep the snow out through the New Hampshire storms.
B000XEIZ7S 2nd Pair This is my second pair. The first pair lasted 11/2 years. I am a mechanic and hard on boots. So comfortable don't mind replacing more often.
B000XEJ3HO Great boots! This is the 5th pair of timberland pro ,but my first waterproof pair. I love them, fit perfect right out of the box. I work 12 hour shift and they are great.
B000XEJ3HO comfortable My son just bought his third pair Pro Titan 53536- He likes them because they fit well and are comfortable. That said,each pair, after about 10-12 months, the sole has split in half-side to side! A sole might do that with one pair,  but 3 pair,means there is a quality problem.
B000XEJ9V4 sizes a little tight I had to send the first pair back because I bought mediums. Amazon sent me another pair of wides. They also were a little on the snug side. The boots are of excellent quality other wise. The next pair I buy I will order a half size larger,
B000XEKCRE SMaller than the last pair that I had The boot is awesome and this is my third pair there is no break in period and the boot is comfrortable.
B000XEKHOC Great pair of boots. These are a serious pair of boots. Sturdy, good weight, comfortable. Highly recommended. I also own a pair in tan.*Edit* I am not sure why but this pair in black seems to be more waterproof and durable than my tan Timberland Pros.Timberland PRO boots are great for the money.
B000XEKHOC Second Pair This is the second pair i've purchased. Good comfort.I do not like having to submitt a pre-required number of words, where is my abliity to state my opinion in the amout of words I choose!
B000XEKHOC bought 4 different pairs with my bonus check - kept these I bought these and tried them out along with a pair from Harley-Davidson, Cat, and Doc Martens. I've had these about 6 months now and wear them everyday for work (as a cable tech) and casual. They are the best made and most comfortable pair of boots I've ever worn. Before these, I'd been a fan of Carhartt boots for their durabiltiy, but couldn't find a pair in black that could also be worn with "business casual" attire, so I tried the best reviewed black work boots on Amazon. South Dakota weather is really tough on footwear, but these have held up admirably. All they require is sno-seal (or the like) to keep the leather in good shape, and they'll last until the soles wear out (and look good doing it). You'll need some thick wool socks if the temp drops below 0F, but otherwise are comfortable year-round. I was surprised that they were more comfortable than the Docs and as tough as the Cats (the HD's were a joke). I will be getting the same pair when these finally give up the ghost.
B000XEKHOC I bought a pair of these in 1994 I bought a pair of these in 1994 and they were great. The sole split finally last week and I thought about resoling them because the uppers were still great, but I ordered another pair instead. These boots are a little heavy but what a great boot they are. You can't go wrong with these.
B000XEKHOC Great Work Boots! My husband is an auto-mechanic and works on concrete floors all day. This is his second pair of Timberland PRO boots that he's owned. The first pair took a lot longer to wear out than any other boots he's worn. He says they're very comfortable.
B000XEKHOC good boot This is a very sturdy and comfortable boot. This is my second pair. My two year old pair are barely at their half life.
B000XEKIUK My Husband's favorite shoes! This is the second pair of Timberland PROs I've purchased for my husband.  He's very happy with the style, fit and durability.  His first pair is still in use (5 years and counting) for yardwork around the house and such.  He wanted a 2nd pair to keep "tidy" and unscuffed for work.
B000XEKIUK Try These On. The most comfortable work boots on the market in my opinion. This is my second pair. Very sturdy, and they look good on your feet too. Timely delivery from Amazon.
B000XEKIUK great boots This is our third pair -- first pair just got too dirty, second pair burned in a house fire, and now this one!  Great value for the price.  Waterproof too.
B000XEKIUK Second Pair of these Boots... Way better then Catipiller My first pair lasted over a year and a half... I have fallen arches so it's hard to find a good pair of steel toes that are comfortable. I used to wear caterpillar boots and they'd barely make it 6 months before they were worn on (Tread and all). I spend 8-12 hours a day on my feet at work and these boots have lasted very well. Feet stay warm in the winter as well.
B000XEKIUK timberland pro boots I've had 2 pair of these boots; and frankly they're just plain uncomfortable. I'm a tool and diemaker so I spend as much as 10 hours a day on my feet, at the end of the day I couldn't wait to get them off.I bought my second pair about 18 months ago and just tossed them out about 3 months ago. That pair was only worn for about 3 months, I just couldn't take it any more.The reason I bought a second pair was they were the best constructed boot for the price, they wear like iron, my first pair was worn for about 2 years, I,ve never had a pair of work boots last that long. Unfortunately they feel like iron too.I own pair of wolverines now, they look like something out of a Frankenstein movie buy they're much more comfortable.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots These are the first pair of Timberland Boots that I have, the only complaint is they are hard to keep clean plus when I did use soapy water the label on the heel wanted to wash off. Next pair I will probably upgrade though but I'm loving how these feel on my feet, so now I know why everyone has a pair or two.
B000XEKK94 Great boots! I've had a few pairs of regular Timberland Premium boots before and the first pair lasted a long time (17 yrs). I don't wear them every day but the first pair was used while riding dirt bikes, hiking, snow, etc. My last pair was sent in after only a couple of years due to a rip in the seams and leather, not from abuse. I bought these thinking they'll be a bit tougher. I've had them for a few weeks now and they're much more comfortable and feel like my first pair. I don't wear them daily but have worn them for 3 days straight just to break them in and they're really comfortable. Highly recommended.
B000XEKK94 Love these boots They fit nice, are comfortable, last long. Just a great boot. I buy two pair a year and will keep buying them.
B000XEKK94 Great boots! This is my second pair of Timberland Pro boots.  I wear them every day.  They feel like they are made for me and hold up well, I can't ask for more then that.
B000XEKK94 My 3rd Pair This is my third pair of Timberland Pro Men's 6&#34; Boots.  I have averaged 5 years of wear for each pair.  It is the only boot that I wear working outdoors.  Needless to say I would recommend them highly.
B000XEKK94 Second pair of these same boots Best pair of work boots I have ever worn (2nd pair).  Absolutely zero break in pain or discomfort.You cannot go wrong with these, you will go wrong IF you do not!!!!
B000XEKK94 Reliable Boots I've been a Timberland's fan for years, esoecially for their shoes. I purchased a pair of boots from Tim's a year ago, and they are excellent. Only one thing, remember to pick up some doctor sholes if you're at Walmart and happen to buy a boot like this. It's not a defect; all boots should be equipped with some comfort soles. Especially the good, reliable ones. In any case, my old boots were good, but I needed a second pair, so I got a timberland pro. I am not disappointed, nor did I expect to be. Excellent boots, only one complaint. The first time I wore them, I felt like my feet were suffocating under the leather. Now their broken in, but they're a bit uncomfortable the first go.
B000XEKK94 Great boots at the right price!!!! This is my second pair of work boots that I have bought in the last 19 years. last pair were Timberland also. these boots fit and feel so good, I'm thinking of getting another pair for casual wear. Excellent boot at the right price.
B000XEKK94 product ok, customer service excellent BareBones did a great job in accommodating me.  The first pair of shoes had a defect, which I discovered after wearing them.  Returned them for an exchange.  They even reimbursed me for return shipping.  However, upon receipt of the second pair, discovered the same defect.  They don't make the shoes so I blame Timberland for that, but Barebones could have more closely scrutinized the second pair.In any case, overall, everyone I talked to was very professional and accommodating.
B000XEKK94 Timberland boots. Second pair I have bought, and my last. I actually think they must be made for people who want to appear as if they work, but don't really. They are comfortable, but within a month of wearing them at work, the soles crack across the bottom, just like the previous pair. Junk.
B000XEKK94 Love em' These boots are great. Comfortable on the first day. Will definetly buy another pair when I wear these ones out.
B000XEKK94 Difficult to wear out This is my second purchase. My first pair are daily wear for work (inside and out). I also wear them at my small ranch on weekends. The sizing is correct and the comfort can't be beat on my 60 year old feet.
B000XEKK94 Tough comfortbale boot. The reason I chose Timberland Pro series is because they are durable and comfortable for everyday use. I am currently in Afghanistan so I am definitely putting them through the test, this is my second pair, the first pair lasted me 4 years and the only reason I bought a new pair was because irainy season is here they are no longer preventing water from penetrating the boot. Can't think of any cons at this time, they great and I definitely recommend them.
B000XEKK94 Comfortable boots This is my second pair of these boots and I highly recommend them. They fit great and look good too. I will buy them again when these wear out.
B000XELF3O Second pair I work with stainless, aluminum and steel and I can't feel a thing if I kick or drop something or lay it on my foot to get a better grip. I also cut trees alot and never have worry about rolling a log over my foot or chainsawing my toes off. I finally bought a second pair but these lasted the longest of any boots I've ever owned.
B000XELF3O Pitboss 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boot These boots are amazing and very comfortable!  This is my second pair of this brand of boots and the first pair have lasted me over 4 years and aren't even close to becoming thrashed.
B000XELF3O Great boots These are comfortable pair of boots. I see myself buying the same exact pair if they are still around. Lol. Shipping took a little longer than expected but amazon kept me informed about the situation.Overall best bang for your buck!
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro This is my fourth pair! price is good and they last me a about year or so wearing them full time.
B000XELF3O 2nd pair! I wear these daily and they are the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn! I liked the first pair which are over a year old but far from worn out, so much that I ordered a second pair!
B000XELF3O Fits well, true to size First time I've spent this much on a pair of work boots, but they're worth it in the long run. Took a week or two to break in, but after that they are very comfortable and seem to be well built.
B000XELF3O Bought for the hubby.... He is in love with these boots. Swears it's one of the most comfortable shoes ever. This is his second pair. He had brown ones first but riding the motorcycle really wore out the leather on the toes, so even though he still wears them, he wanted a pair that looks not so beat up when we go out somewhere. But he STILL wears the same brown ones he's had for years. The fit is right on too. Very well made and worth the money for sure!
B000XELF3O I really like these boots They seem solid and well made.  Perhaps a bit heavy, but Im not sure they are any heavier than any other WELL MADE boot---I was used to a pair of cheap boots with paper thin leather. I would suggest them to a friend and I will probably buy another pair in the near future.
B000XELF3O great boot Bought these boots in desperation, I was haveing severe heel issues,tried several other brands and styles,these boots took the pain out of walking for me,dont want to take them off after work!don't hesitate,little stiff first couple of days.going to get another pair soon,I also have a pair of the brown soft toe.killer.look great with jeans.
B000XELF3O The handle it all im a roofer and i go through boots fast, the soles mainly ware out before anything else and im not comfortable doing my job in them.  These are awesome. i highly recommend them im on my second pair, about to buy another pair for this season coming up. i go through 2 a year which aint bad, i just lose traction and want a new pair for safety... I can still use my old boots for other things...
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO are my work shoe of choice! I just purchased my third pair of Timberland PRO steel-toe work boots. I only recently wore out the first pair I bought a decade ago. I'd been wearing them for leisure because they're so comfortable. Now that I have a new pair, I'll be wearing the second pair for leisure. I've been wearing steel-toed shoes since 1985 and I never knew what I was missing until I tried Timberland PRO. They're lightweight, very comfortable and extremely durable. I highly recommend them!
B000XELF3O second pair I bought these exact boots 12 years ago, wore them straight out. This is my second pair and other than the insole problem, there a great boot.
B000XELF3O Second Pair - absolutely love them I wore out my first pair of Pit Boss, Steel Toes after 6+ years.  Mind you I don't wear them everyday, but when I do, it's normally for 12+ hours at a time.  So far, I am quite pleased with the replacements.  I was probably most pleased that the exact shoe was still being made...which made for an easy decision.
B000XELF3O love my boots but defective 9 months later, can't wear anymore. this is my second pair of these boots and they are terrific. fit great, last great.but lately i've had some stiching inside come loose and some surprisingly sharp plastic is starting to dig into my arch. i've got some inserts in there which are helping but it's getting worse.i'm wondering if there's a warranty on this and do i go straight to timberland about it?love all men's timberland shoes. good stuff.UPDATE: i can't wear my boots anymore, very upset. there is a plastic piece inside under the arch that is pointy and sticking right into my foot. bought in october 2013 and can't wear anymore. i got so much use out of my previous pair but now the quality seems to have really dropped. i love timberland products but don't know if i can ever buy them anymore. what am i to do with this pair of boots that are hardly worn?disaster for me.sad.
B000XELF3O We will keep buying this! My husband were these. These are his second pair and they're as great as the first one! Comfortable and secure!
B000XELF3O I am disappointed again Second pair of timberlands that I tried and the second pair that had defects. I'm disappointed in the lack of quality control that seems to plague their boots.
B000XELF3O Love the boots My husband love these work boots , he bought a pair 2 and half years ago it is now time for new boots so 2 months  ago he bought is second pair !
B000XELF3O Great pair Looks great fit perfect and does the job,may be looking for another pair. Would tell any one where to buy a pair
B000XELF3O Great fit Very comfortable, this is my second pair. It usually takes a while to break good work boots in but these were comfortable from the second I put them on.
B000XELF3O I'm a mechanic I bought one pair for work and another pair for home!  They are very comfortable boots, love the way they feel! Just for some back ground I'm a heavy duty truck and trailer mechanic I bought 2 pairs one for work and another for wearing when not at work. I've had these boots for about a month now, and I think these boots are one of the most comfortable pair of boots I've ever owned and I go through a pair of boots about every 6 months, plus have had some pretty expensive top of the line boots before these pair.  The only problem I see of these boots is the soles on mine squeak very loudly every time I move my feet or take a step, hence the reason I gave these A 3 star, mainly because it can get pretty annoying, and that started right out of box when I wore them for the first time.  One pair of boots I have aren't as bad as the other but they still are not quiet either.  I don't know if everyone has had the same issue or not with theirs but that's my experience.  I would probably buy again as they were a good investment for the money and the pain in my feet are nearly relieved if I can find a pair that don't squeak so bad when I walk.
B000XELF3O perfect pair of BOOTs. Good work man ship,color match,less than a day a friend GLAB it,can't imagine how ATTRATING this boot,so i got to buy a new pair of this "PITBOSS"boot again.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pitboss... second time around! This is my second pair of the Pitboss. This boot wears great! Like some of the other (bad) reviews say, it DOES take a while for the upper portions to break in. The secret is a second pair of socks for a week or two while the stiff portions around the ankle break in. Once that's done, these boots are all day comfortable. I actually choose to wear them over my tennis shoes when I have to walk a lot. The boots are rugged. I work in a metal fabrication shop and it's very hard on boots. Although the seams around the bottom of the laces started pulling away after about 2 years of daily wear/tear, that was the ONLY problem with my first pair. The soles still had a bit of tread on them and most of the leather had held up well. I will buy another pair in 2-3 years when the new pair finally wears out.
B000XELF3O Great boots They fit great and last a long time. This is the second pair of these boots I have purchased the first pair lasted over two years.
B000XELF3O Very nice pair of boots These boots are very heavy duty, but are comfortable to wear. They do take a couple of weeks to break in, but after that they fit like a glove. This is my second pair, the first pair lasted me for over a year, but the sole wore out to the point that they were uncomfortable to wear. They are somewhat heavy but so are all timberland boots, but for the added fact that they are steel toe, I didn't really feel a big difference. For the price you can't go wrong and if they last a year you got your money's worth and at the end of the year, throw them out and get a new pair. As for the color the brown is very nice. Has a kind of oil rubbed look to it, nice touch. A lot of guys at work buy red wings for over $200 a pair, they last just as long and all red wing boots are not made in the USA anymore. Don't get me wrong red wings is a more superior boot company, just to pricey for me for boots that I'm just going to beat up at work.
B000XETJU0 Hardest Working Boots onthe Planet Love these boots. 3rd pair now. I am always amazed at how durable and long lasting they are. Each pair last me approx 2.5 yrs. the only way I could be harder on them was if I worked around hot tar.
B000XETJU0 Poor Quality I have owned 2 pairs of these boots. The first pair became noisy after about 3 months. A local cobbler told me the plastic shank had become disconnected causing the book to produce a loud squeak every time I walked or flexed the boot. The second pair does the same. VERY annoying I would not buy these boots again.
B000XETJU0 Wish I Bought This Pair First Bought a pair of Caterpillar and the Pro Men's to start a new job.  Wish I had bought the Pro Men's first and sent the Caterpillar's back.  The Pro Men's just fit a whole lot better, the padding in them is great, and the contoured back makes them just all around  more comfortable.  I havn't put the Caterpillar's back on since I got these.
B000XETJU0 Sized much bigger than expected even with heavy socks This is my second pair. The first pair was somewhat too big, this pair exceptionally bigger. I had to buy the thickest insoles and wear the heaviest socks to make them fit snug. They are not waterproof despite silicone spray treatment, walking through heavy dew your feet will get wet. The first pair was worn and toe splitting apart after 4 months. They are fairly comfortable, but the ankle height takes some getting used to as these are a smaller high top than other boots claiming the same height.
B000XETJU0 Great boot I'm on my feet all day, on concrete, asphalt, mud and dirt they clean up with a water hose .this is my second pair, after 2 and a half years I had worn the soles off my old ones.mi ware 365 days a year all day 7 am to 11 pm and I love them buy u a pair and see what I'm talking about.
B000XETJU0 Love these boots This is my third pair in nearly 10 years.  It has changed design slightly from the first pair, but not so much as to run me off.  The last two pair wore well.  I walked the soles out of both until chunks came out.  Good boots.
B000XETJU0 LOVED IT!!!! :) It was exactly what I wanted and expected from a pair of boots! Will buy again form them. Thank You.
B000XETJU0 Third pair I've owned Comfortable, durable boots. The tread offers good traction in snow but it's pattern releases most of it, so I don't track up offices when doing service work. I did have a problem with one pair's midsole breaking down, but Timberland stood behind them and sent me a new pair, even though I had them a year & a half! Great value.
B000XETJU0 Work Boot Except for the collar, this boot is a great fit.  The v cut on the collar seems a little too severe.  Modify that and you willl have an almost perfect boot.  This is my second pair of Timberlands.  This pair will back up my original pair.
B000XETJU0 Love these boots These are the only pair of boots that I'll buy over the internet.  I've had several pair in both the tan and the brown and they're great boots.  I still have each pair, even though I've worn them through everything.  Each pair is still completely intact (no leather rips, sole worn through or waterproofing leaks) and has survived several years of work at a concrete plant and a dairy farm where steel toe boots weren't a great idea.  The "soft-toe" is actually supported quite well, and it won't chop your toes off if a concrete form or 2500lb cow steps on your feet.All in all, it's an extremely comfortable, well supported and very durable boot.
B000XEVJJO Second Pair of these They were a little stiff on the back of my ankle the first day, otherwise they were very comfortable right out of the box. In all my years of buying work boots, I have only repeat bought the same model once before with a different style of Timberlands. The first pair was so comfortable I had to get them again.
B000XEVJJO Thrid pair This is my third pair of Timberland Pros, they last me just over a year each.  They are very comfortable for my 10 to 12 hour work days.
B000XEVLF6 "Last" Forever This is my second pair of the shoes. The first pair still look great and are used for outside work. The new ones are for more casual wear.I did relace the liners with a smoother finish liner for about $10.00. These  are truly bulletproof.
B000XEVLF6 second purchase This is my second purchase of this exact pair, color, and size.  they wore out quicker than the leather boots would but maybe they get more wear and tear?  Either way, they were a hit and I need another pair.. They lasted about a year.
B000XEVLF6 LASTED OVER A YEAR WITH DAILY ABUSE I am about to order another pair for this year! Worked in these shoes five+ days a week includes many rainy days. I have always been BRUTAL to my shoes and these did great. I have a extra wide foot the first pair split on the side as most shoes do on me -BUT the company replaced FREE of charge and the second pair performed very well for over a year. Defiantly worth the cost and the and NEVER felt like I was wearing a Safety Toe Shoe. I have worn others and the toe cap always caused discomfort. These did not.
B000XEVLF6 Third pair I wear them until the toes wear out, buy a new pair and put KG Boot Guard on the old and new pair. Generally can work in wet conditions for the first 5-6 months of their life w/o leaks. But then again, I am hard on work shoes. Fit is close- a tad narrow possibly. These shoes look good, stay looking good. The black versions are less vented than the Blue/ Grey. both are fine.
B000XEVM50 Second pair I have worn these for work for many, many years.  I just bought my second pair.  My recollection is the first felt much better.  This second pair seems really stiff,  almost to the point of being uncomfortable.  I've worn them enough now that they feel much better but honestly if the first had felt this way I think I would have returned them.  They are good work shoes that have protected my feet and toes for years.
B000XEVM50 Timberland Rocks! People ask me how it is buying shoes online, whether they fit right and or comfortable, and I have to tell them that this is the fourth pair of Timberlands I have bought online (different styles each time) and I have never had a complaint! They always fit so comfortably and they last a long time! I have had this pair for over a year now. They are still in great shape with lots of tread and NONE of the stitching has frayed! I do wear them for work so there is some wear on the inside but thats to be expected walking about 8 hrs. a day!
B000XEVM50 Timberland pro mudsill Excellent work boots, extremely light and comfortable, first pair lasted two and a half years while in extreme work environments, I'm currently on my second pair which  already have meet great expectations.
B000XEVM50 Good working shoe This shoe is light and the aggressive tread works well. I bought a second pair recently. The only minus is that the leather over the toe scratches off easier than expected. I place it against the asphalt regularly so it gets beat-up a lot. I'll probably buy another pair.
B000XEVM50 Best shoe for me. I have to wear steel toe at work everyday and these make my feet feel good.  Some of the other guys I work with don't like them, but everybody has different feet.  I really like Timberline.  Most of the guys at work wear a different shoe from Timberline.  I bought 3 pair of these one year because I don't like to wear the same shoe everyday, and now 2 years later, I have 5 pair.  One for each day of the week.  They seem quite durable.  The sole is wearing off of my oldest pair, and the top is beat up a little, but in good shape.  Haven't broken any shoelaces either.  Tried Dr. Scholls inserts, and found the factory inserts to be more comfortable.  I will buy another pair next year too.
B000XEVM50 Perfect Shoe! This is my second pair. The first one's lasted 2.5 years and I wore them 40 hrs a week. I wouldn't buy anything else.
B000XEVM8W Awesome shoe my second purchase! Very durable, very comfortable, excellent work boot! And I would recommend this product to anyone! Going to see if I can make these last a little longer then my last pair ;) if not though ill be satisfied buying another of the exact same.
B000XEVM8W great this is the second set of shoes i have orderd from of these and they are great quality the last pair lasted me over 8 months
B000XEVM8W Great Shoes! This is my second pair of these shoes I've owned. The first pair was about 5 years ago and they lasted a couple years. Finally had to throw them out once I wore holes in them after working about 20 hours a day on my feet the second summer I had them. Finally decided to go ahead a get another pair, and they're just as great as I remember.I use them for every day wear, and they're extremely comfortable. A great bonus is the sole which gives great traction in slippery areas whether that be indoors or out.
B000XEVM8W wear out fast shoes are very comfortable i have had about 4 pair of these but the soles wear out fast due to i am a mechanic and stand on concrete all day .and the shoelaces dont last my new pair broke after 3 weeks
B000XEVM8W not sturdy The order arrived and I loved the shoes!  Light and attractive, they seemed my best shoes ever.  Day two when I wear them to work a plastic tab that holds the laces in place, broke while driving to work.  I returned them and thought  it was just a bad pair.  I got a second pair and on the second day worn, again, the tab did the same thing.  It seems a bad design.
B000XEW60K Comfortable for work boots! Never wore timberland pro before. My very first pair.  Very nice and comfortable. Will definitely buy again. Can't beat the price.
B000XEW60K Good work shoes As a Licensed Indiana Plumber, I seem to be very hard on work boots/shoes.  This is the second pair for me.  First pair lasted about a year and a half which is about 3 times longer than normal for me.
B000XEW60K My Second Pair I bought these shoes about a year ago and have been happy with using them as my hiking and work shoes.  I liked them so much  I bought a second pair this year because I didn't want them to become unavailable to me as happens with some.
B000XEW60K Best work shoes ever!! My husband says they are so comfy this is his second pair. He wore the first pair out! Lets face it he needs good comfortable work shoes!!!
B000XEX67M Great boots I had my first pair of these boots for 3 years and my second pair for 3 years as well. The second pair I spend 15 bucks at the shoe store to have some parts resewn after about 2 years. I work in all types of environments from industrial to medical. My boots get worn 5 days a week with out fail. These are great boots. I did have the problem with the shoe string breaking on one of the boots about 1.5 years into my second pair. I am going to purchase my 3rd pair now and have no worries about getting another three years from them. I do highly recommend getting some slip in comfort pads. Timberland should send me a free pair for being so loyal.
B000XEX67M second pair comfortable, long lasting sole, and a good value. This is my second pair. The first ones lasted 15 months in a manufacturing environment.The man of the house.
B000XF04LM What happened? This is my 3rd pair of Timberland PRO Men's Titan Safety boots. The first two pair fit well and were very comfortable. I went from a wide to medium because the leather stretched enough to make me comfortable with this choice.  There was little to no break-in time and I could wear them for hours. I do landscaping full time and am constantly walking, digging, kneeling, etc. Unfortunately, this last pair gave me blisters on the heal and there seems to be a nail or something sticking up on one side of the foot, which is very irritating. I wore them part of 2 days and will be sending them back. However, I will probably send for another pair. Loved the first 2 pair. I would recommend these to a friend.
B000XF04LM Great boot Titanium toe is extremely light, doesn't feel different from a standard work boot. I wear these everyday and do lots of walking/standing. Great traction even on somewhat slippery surfaces. Very comfortable, though after a while I opted to get insoles for them to better complement my foot's arch. Fit is right on the money.I'd highly consider purchasing a second pair of these once this pair wears out, though I don't foresee that happening any time soon.
B000XF04LM Great fit Timberland Pro The fit is perfect.  Love them.  Very comfortable.  This is the second pair of Timberland Pro I have worn for the past year.
B000XF04LM UNEXPECTED FIT I have owned 4 or 5 pairs of these shoes. This is the only pair that I did not like how they fit. Unlike the other pairs, this pair felt  a little loose and my feet would be a little sore after wearing them. It took about 3 weeks for my feet to feel comfortable in these shoes. I am hoping that these are an anomaly and not the new normal. I don't know if I will ever buy another pair of these shoes, but if I do I hope the next pair does not feel like this one.
B000XF04LM Good work boot This is the second pair of timberland boots, first pair was bought at retail store. Husband liked them so much, I bought second pair on Amazon, for $40.00 cheaper. They wear well and husband wears them every day at work, first pair were brown, second pair are black, don't show dirt as much as the brown pair. They hold up very well in a machine shop.
B000XF04LM shoe second pair. 1st pair cost $160. This pair cost $60.00.Three years between pairs. Walking on cement floors. Long and even wear.
B000XF04LM comfort and durability great for indoor safety shoe Only gave 4 stars because it is a purpase made shoe mainly indoors. This is my second pair and plan on buying another pair when these wear out. They are very comfortable and light weight. I work in an indoor enviroment on comcreate and low pile carpet that will normaly tear up the treads of other shoes in about 2-3 months. My first pair has lasted about a year and still has tread left. They are also very light for a safty toe boot. Even though I primaraly use indoors would be an ok out door shoe just not a very agresive tread so wouldn't recomend for all weather out constuction eviroment.
B000XF04LM Timberline Pro Titan Black I ordered a pair of these to replace a pair that I've had for 3 years that have wore out.i wore those shoes almost everyday and they felt like they were broke in from the very start.I looked around locally for a while before I came to Amazon.I'm hoping these last just as long as the 1st pair.
B000XF04LM This is my 2nd pair Iam on my feet 12hrs a daythe comfort and are very good  I believe my 1st pair lasted 2yrs igdfkg
B000XF04LM Second pair of same that I have bought - for good reason. I loved these shoes but just beat them up in my busy job. Totally good deal, worth it for the comfort and usefulness. I also wear them for my nearly daily walk of three miles and they are great. Yo, got my Tims!
B000XF4D1Y Good work shoe. This is the second pair I have owened . Great solid work shoe. They seem to last a long time. The last pair I had smelled like cat pee and now ONE of the shoes in new pair has the same stinky odor. I have heard thats for improper tanning of the leather. The strange thing is its only these shoes, none of my other work shoes or hiking boots smell like that. Because of that stink I probably wont order another pair.
B000XF4D1Y Second Pair For Me This is my second pair of Timberland PRO work shoes.  I looked a good while for a low cut work shoe that I could wear in my woodworking shop and in the garden.  My first pair lasted three years that even included a two week mission trip to Haiti.  The shoes are extremely comfortable and keep your feet from feeling fatigue.  The only downside of my first pair was about the second year the glue started breaking down that holds the rubber bottom sole on.  A large gap appeared between the sole and the layer of padding.  This caused my foot to get wet from early morning grass.  Hopefully this will not happen with my new pair.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland PRO #47015  (9W) These are perfect work shoes.  Lightweight, supportive and sturdy.'Purchased a second pair just in case they are not available later.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Pro Boots My husband is very picky on any of his shoes. Has arch problems, but he loves these boots. He said that he has NEVER put on a pair of boots that were comfortable right out of the box. He is probably going to be ordering another pair of them here really soon. Just so that he has an extra pair of them. Thank you very much!!!! A very Happy and satisfied customer!!
B000XF4D1Y Great This is my second pair from amazon.I work a 13hr day and need a good shoe.Comfortable right out of the box. These fit the bill.
B000XF4D1Y Awesome!! No doubt the best field work shoe I've ever used, I walk projects all day~zero issues, comfortable, supportive, this is my second pair~ the first pair lasted a year of daily usage~ rain, heat and the better part of two New England winters~ all for a hundred bucks, honestly if they were twice that I still buy them, total win!!
B000XF6L7I Boots Bought my timberland pro boots because i wanted waterproof no slip shock proof. Cheaper to buy at Amazon than to buy in Australia even with postage. Due to a mix up bought another pair am happy with both. I work in security day boots arrived it poured down rain good chance to try them out. Can only wear one pair off socks with them so not too big. will buy again if needed from you.Chris Australia
B000XR2GN4 Sixth pair , great as always New pair every year. Comfortable, good for hard floor surface. Not waterproof, but fairly good traction in the wet or slippery
B000XR2GN4 Second pair After three years, I just ordered my second pair of these for work/motorcycle riding.  I have been daily switching between these and a $200 pair of boots and except for these being just a bit heavier, I can't tell the difference.  I will continue to switch daily between new and old Timberland boots because I feel they last much longer than double.  Like I said, I've had my other boots for three years and still have a lot of wear left in them.  Then I'll buy my third pair.I work in a non-climate controlled warehouse with a concrete floor.  I bought a good gel type insert and feel like I'm walking on rubber carpet.
B000XR2GN4 Comfortable and durable Very comfortable....doesn't irritate the back of my ankle like many boots do. I work construction and the boots hold hope great. This is my second pair. Worth the money!
B000XR2GN4 BOOT REVIEW LIGHT,COMFORTABLE,DURABLE,FIT WELL AND RESONABLY PRICED.  I HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE SOLES CRACKING ON THE FIRST PAIR I BOUGHT, BUT THE COMPANY STOOD BY THIER PRODUCT AND REPLACED THEM, NO QUESTIONS ASKED.  I AM CURRENTLY WEARING THAT PAIR AND AM HAVING NO PROBLEMS.
B000XR2W1U 2nd pair of these This is the second pair of Timberland Safety-Toe boots I've owned.  The first pair, after getting them broke in, lasted for years.  I wore them for so long the soles split and I had to break down and buy another pair of satety shoes for my job.  I ordered the same exact boot. The Timberland Pro Titan. I've only worn my new boots a few times, and as expected they take a bit of time to get broken in. I also expect them to last for years as my other pair did.  Worth the money considering one pair of boots can be worn for so long. I don't like buying shoes so when I can find a pair that suits me for years, that's great.  My new boots are getting more comfortable every time I wear them and I know it won't be long til they are just as comfortable as my last pair, which means a lot to me considering I am usually wearing them 10 to 12 hours a day.
B000XR2W1U Great Boots Bought my second pair in 3 years! They wear like iron. They fit perfectly right out of the box, no breaking them in. Timberland is the best!
B000XR2W1U buying my third pair (over a 7 1/2 year period) I discovered these boots at Boot Barn...they are awesome. I wear them at work, whether I am unloading trucks with the forklift, working the product load to the shelf, or running a cash register....and always....ALWAYS, when riding my Harley. They are as comfortable as a pair of tennies/sneakers....and about as light. I have a wider foot, and most of the time I'm a 7, but the rare shoe ends up a 7.5. The size 7 is a perfect fit for me, and doesn't cramp in the width. I am a Veteran, and in the habit of shining my boots. I don't do the mirror shine I did back then, but these would do it if you know how. But, I good coat of Kiwi black shoe polish and a good brush to buff them out with, and they look good enough to wear if you need them to look nice, while keeping safety in mind.I am hard on my work boots, and these hold up. The soles tend to wear out (between work and my motorcycle riding) before anything else....I could probably get these re-soled for cheaper than a new pair, but I have beat mine up pretty good... ;-) These hold up to the abuse - trust me...I've had co-workers drop all kinds of heavy things (including pallets) on my feet when they weren't paying attention with the equipment...and they have come through every time.I went to buy a pair today at the store and was disappointed to see that their price had gone up to $120! Their website has them at $104 with free shipping. Amazon has them beat. Period. They are the same price, here on Amazon as the first pair I bought about 7 1/2 years ago. I have converted some of the other women I work with to these boots....I will keep buying these as long as the shoes are being made...you will NOT be disappointed...
B000XR2W1U Do NOT last. I loved how incredibly comfortable these boots were.  But.  If you are on your feet all day, they do NOT hold up.  The soles on these boots COMPLETELY disintegrated in less than 6mos, and the second pair of the exact same boot to do so.  Absolutely do NOT recommend if you're actually going to WORK in these.
B000XR30FM A pair for the second half of life. I bought thiese boots when I was 19 years old. I am now 58.  They served me faithuflly hiking out west, and working in the fields at our farm.Unfortunately, I left them in the shed and the mice enjoyed nibbling around the ankle cushioning.  So, I just purchased my second pair for the rest of my  life.  I wore them the first day 10 hours and they were as comfortable as my old worn in ones.
B000XR30FM My third pair I wear these boots everyday, and have for years - my third identical pair. Tough, but relatively light. Comfortable, right from the first day, with really soft collar padding. Good for construction, walking, hiking.
B000XR30FM Great Boots Second time I purchased a Timberland boot, wore the first ones till the sole was worn out, and hopefully these will last just as long.
B000XR4IXA Very comfortable This is my second pair of boots. The first pair lasted a year an a half . I like how good my feet feel in them. I'm on my feet all day working out in the barn.
B000XR4IXA I like it very much Just as my first and second timberland boots, this pair is quite strong for walking in storm, they are a little bit heavy, but it keeps my feet warm.
B000XXGMRO Fantastic boots - comfortable and stylish! I bought a pair of these a while back and loved them so much i just bought two more pair in different colors. I have gotten many compliments on the style but the main reason I bought them is that i had an ankle surgery and need comfort and strong support - I get both from these boots. I enthusiastically recommend them.
B000XXGMRO timberland earthkeepers these boots are unreal. i bought for the soul purpose of the way they look. i have work boots and snow boots but not really a pair to wear out for the night. these look unreal with a pair of jeans and a nice shirt. all my friends want a pair now because i have them. they are so light on the foot you almost forget your wearing boots. they are very comfortable and i'm addicted to them. i almost bought a pair for these upwards of 200$ at macy's right before christmas then i found them on here for much cheaper. i've had these boots for about half a year now and i have no complaints. all around excellent purchase.
B000XXGMRO quality has declined As has been mentioned before, buy small. I wear a size 12 normally. I originally bought 11.5, but it was much too big, so I exchanged that pair for another pair in 11, and there's still room for thick wool socks and then some.Which brings me to my main qualm with these boots. When I exchanged sizes, the second pair arrived before I shipped off the first, so I had both pairs of boots at home for a day. I bought my boots with the burnished oiled finish, and the first pair I received looked great, just like the product image here on site: you know, burnished and oiled. The second pair looked totally different. At first I wondered if maybe I'd been sent the wrong color; however, the label on the box was still correct, and the toes and heels of the boots were still lightly burnished, so I decided they did, in fact, send the right boots, but I must have received boots from two different production lines, if that makes sense, like the way cars of the same model change somewhat from year to year.Anyhow, being curious about the differences in appearance, I examined the two pairs of boots more closely. Beyond the cosmetic differences, the second pair I received seemed altogether more cheaply made than the first. The trim inside the cuff of the boot had changed from leather to some thin (and initially uncomfortable, though that has improved) synthetic stuff, as had the trim behind the eyelets. The insole, which in the first pair was thick and had different densities of foam for different parts of the foot, had become thin and light, in a bad way. The the finish, which I mentioned before, looked much cheaper on the second pair. The boots don't look bad, mind you, but the original pair was richly oiled all over with a nice burnish over the toe, whereas the second pair looked like someone threw some light wax over the toe and heel and then ran a buffing brush over the whole boot for about 5 seconds. Which is probably exactly what happens. &#34;Burnished and Oiled,&#34; right.Over all, the second boots look much different than the image, enough so that I think the image should probably be updated. The boots aren't dark brown at all, with the exception of the burnished toes. Also, the new boots have contrasting stitching. Actually, the first boots I received have the same color stitching, but I think the oil they use actually has a brown stain to it, so all the stitching, except in a couple creases, looks the same dark brown as the rest of the boot.As for the quality of the leather, the difference in finishes made it difficult to tell if one was better than the other, but i will say after a couple months of use, the leather on the second pair has not worn all that well; the leather around the ankle, especially, has begun to stretch out and sag. Speaking of wearing the boots for two months, this review was prompted by the arrival of my third pair of the boots. On one boot from the second pair, the sole began to noticeably separate from the midsole after less than two weeks. I've been wearing the boots for two months now, to the day, and now my left boot has a good two to three inches of loose rubber flapping away at the toe. Anyhow, Amazon did right by me (and they always do; I have had nothing but good experiences with Amazon. I would marry Amazon if I could) and now I have my third pair of boots, which are the same as the second pair. And, frankly, they're not bad boots. I'd probably have given them 3 or 4 stars if I hadn't been able to compare that first and second pair. But it irritates me that Timberland is increasing profit by reducing the quality of a product line and passing it off as the same old same old.I've read some reviews that mention resoling these boots, and how they'll last years ... I can't help but wonder if those days are over. I expect to good a couple seasons out of these, but I have a hard time imagining the leather and stitching on the pair I received standing up to much more than that. Which brings me to my last point, the whole Earthkeepers bit. I'm sure the box my boots came in is made of recycled cardboard, and it may even be that the cheaper finish on the second and thirds pairs of boots I received is a stab at reducing use of petroleum based oils or something like that (though I highly doubt it). Maybe Timberland even managed to reduce the carbon footprint of these boots' production by 30%. That's all great. But if these newer boots last half as long as the older version, that means I'll be buying twice as many boots, which means that Timberland Earthkeepers = sham.That said, I realize this review is based on the assumption that the second and third pairs of boots I received are the most current version of the model. I think that's a pretty reasonable assumption. But if I am wrong, I'd be happy to be corrected by Timberland (and happy to receive a pair of size 11s with the nicer finish and genuine leather trim).
B000XXGMRO Great boots These boots are fantastic. I normally wear a size 10, but based on other reviews I bumped that down to 9.5, and I was still swimming in them, so I returned the 9.5s and bought a size 8.5. They are still a bit big, but I prefer that so that I have lots of sock choices. These are certainly not insulated, so being able to put on a thicker sock is great. I had a pair of these before that I literally wore a hole in the sole, and threw them away not realizing I could have had them re-soled. This next pair will get re-soled when the time is right. I also added some waterproofing spray to them and would suggest you do the same as my previous pair got stained from winter salt water in Chicago.
B000XXGMRO fits like a glove? First pair of timberlands i've ever bought. Was expecting the normal boot break in process of sore feet and blisters. These boots fit like a well worn pair of gloves. Walked around downtown for over an hour and forgot i was even wearing new boots. Would recommend these to anyone.
B000XXGMRO Best boots ever worn These boots are without a doubt the best boots I have ever worn. They are comfortable and stylish. They are my second pair bought. The price is great considering they are $180 at timberland. When I originally bought my first pair they were $160 but have become instant classics since, thus hiking up the price. The only reason why I didn't give it five stars was because my first pair worn off very quickly from the soles (recycled) and the boot tongue stitch came off(same as pic) a few months after purchase and I had to get it stitch back. I reside in Chicago and they have been through storms and snow blizzards. I will repost a review for the second pair.
B000XXGMRO great pair of boots This boot is extremely comfortable. It's stylish and It can be worn for many occasions. I highly recommend this pair of boots.
B000XXGMRO A boot for all occassions I purchased this pair of Earthkeepers to replace an older pair that I've been wearing for the past two years, even though I still wear the older one too. My first pair was a size 12 because the store didn'y have an 11.5. They run a little big so if you like them with a little extra room, go for the bigger size. They are comfortable, durable and good looking. They are not heavy so you can wear them all day without getting that tired feet feeling. The darker pair goes great with jeans, khakis or most pants..even shorts. Buy them, you will like them.
B000XXGMRO Quality SUCKS Overall,it is great.BUT there's one inch unglued part on one side of the sole actually makes me a lil bit upset.Great boots. Very comfy and classy!!!I will buy another pair if a this pair worn out
B000XXGMRO Great boots I have worn these boots everyday for about three weeks now and I have to say that they are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  I will definitely purchase another pair in the future and I would highly recommend them to a friend.  I only hope that Timberland does not drop them from their line.  The only problem with this boot is that they run a size too large.  After reading other reviews, I purchased a pair 1/2 size too large and found them to still be too large so I returned them for a refund and then purchased another pair.  The return and refund was easy and I did not have to wait too long for the funds to appear in my bank account.  I am very impressed with the boots and I am pleased with the transaction.
B000YDBIJU Very satisfied They fit well, are comfortable, and help prevent athletes foot.  Shipping was prompt.  The first pair was so comfortable that I ordered a second pair in a different color.
B0014EE3N6 Beautiful boot! Purchased for my grandson.  This is his second pair and will probably purchased every year.  He really loves these boots!
B001704YR2 These are hip and comfortable Recommended for casual wear.  I didn't want to take them off.  I would buy another pair as a replacement any day.  Good value.
B001760K56 second pair of these! These are the best boots if you live in a true winter climate and like to still walk and be out in it.  Waterproof, insulated, stylish, etc.  I wear these for six months of the year and am on my second pair.  I'm considering buying a pair in brown too.
B001760K56 LOVES THEM! My wife loved these boots.  They fit her perfectly.  They are high quality and stylish.  They cling tightly to the leg, but not too tight to make it uncomfortable.  Definitely a high quality pair of boots.  I just wish I had gotten her the black pair in addition to the brown pair.
B001760K56 Second Pair, Fits Differently I bought these boots in brown last year.  I loved them so much I bought the black ones recently, in the exact same size.  I'm from the south so although it doesn't get that cold here, I do a lot of walking outdoors.  The brown ones are perfect even over very heavy socks.Since they're the same style, I thought there would be no issue.  Unfortunately, this pair is actually tighter, and painfully so on my right foot/ankle, even with thin dress-type boot stockings.  I've read reviews where this was the case, and I understand that they loosen up with wear, but I've only been able to wear them once due to the discomfort.  I'll keep them, but I'm really not as enthusiastic about this pair.
B001760K56 The best boots I own! My sister had a pair and I loved them so much I ordered my own.  The first time I wore them I got so many compliments.  They are water resistent and very very comfortable too!
B001760K56 Great Boots I think I must have tried every pair of boots on this season and couldn't find a pair that fit. When I ordered the Timberland Lexiss boots I was a bit concerned that they wouldn't fit but I love them. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. They look good with jeans or skirts. I love them so much I bought a second pair in brown.
B001760K56 have long loved these boots This is my third pair in black (bought these about a year ago). Every other time I've gotten a new pair, I've had to break them in, which I like--I like the snug fit. These were loose from the first time I put them on. I should have exchanged, but was too eager for the new pair. I can tuck jeans into these comfortably. For me, this is a negative point, as I like them best with tights and skirts; if I wear only tights, these look sloppy. My brown ones (to which I then compared them) are much more snug. I hope I just got an off pair, because these are otherwise perfect: neither too dressy nor casual; just the right heel height for comfort; enough room in the toes to wiggle comfortably; thick leather that holds up well.
B001760K56 Perfect comfort I bought a pair of these boots in brown about two months ago, & I've never looked back.  I wore them for the first time on Thanksgiving ~ twelve hours straight without a break, & I was so impressed that I decided to buy them in black as well.  Done & done ~ thanks to an Amazon gift card received for Christmas, I was able to put my plan into action, & today the black pair arrived.  No surprises, no foul... they are just as superb as the first pair, & I'm wearing them as I type.  I may wear them to bed.  I wear a 7.5 medium width, & these are dandy with light- to mid-weight socks.  And, they are warm & waterproof, but in my experience, they never get Hot. Kudos & further kudos to Timberland!
B0018ZYJWQ Easy-on Comfort They are easy-on and comfortable. The fit is exactly right. This is my second pair of the same brand / same shoe.
B0019IRVTU Good S**T Great jeans, get a pair before they run out.  Im hopin they restock in vintage wash so I can get a pair of those.
B0019ITT0E khakis, heavy duty I bought two pair previously but am buying three more so that I will have a week's worth. I have to wear khakis at work and have gone through several pair of lesser made ones. These are great. Happy shopping.
B001AQRYVQ Quality shoes Hi, these are the second pair of Timberlands I have and I will buy more, they are good quality and comfortable, what more can I say? thanks.
B001AXMAFO Good value This is the second time to purchase this pair. They are marvelous looking and comfortable. It worth the money paid.
B001EBJU82 Awesome boots!! These boots are awesome!! They are the most comfortable boot I've ever had. I'm on my third pair now and I still absolutely love them. I work on drilling rigs and I have to buy a new pair about every year or so otherwise they would last a lot longer. I had my first pair for 3 years with a non oilfield job only problem was the soles started to crack after about a year, but they were still completely water proof and slip resistant. These are the only boot I will ever buy.
B001EBJU82 I've had some boots... This is my second pair of Timberland 53522's.  That really says it all, no?  My first pair is still just broken in, I only got these because I got fatter and my feet grew.  The old ones are a size 10M and are for sale to the highest bidder.  Pisses me off.
B001EWFF30 Does not hold up. My husband only wore them a handful of times and the eyelet for the laces came off.  The tongue of the boot rubbed every time he wore them.  This was the second pair.  The first pair were molded incorrectly and he was unable to even wear.
B001EWFF30 third pair of these I have a working pair, a black and brown pair to wear with my jeans and even wear with my scrubs during the recent cold winter days. these are the most comfortable pair of boots and reasonably priced as well. Only complaint I have is that they would take a better shine to them as the leather appears dull.
B001EWFF30 Timberland are great! I bought these boots as working shoes and they are holding up great. First, they are very light and waterproof. I love the color and how easy they are to clean up after a hard day of work. I will buy another pair of these when I wear these out
B001EWFF30 Great for the outdoors I love these boots.  I have tried a few others, but these are really comfortable.  They are sized correctly, and fit well.  There are not very many companies making wide sizes.  Timberland is one of the good ones.  I purchased a second pair right away so I have a spare.
B001EWFF30 Best Boots Ever!! This is the second pair of Timberlands I have bought. I was not disappointed with this pair. The first pair lasted 4 years under heavy use. I even used them for downhill mountain biking due to the tremendous grip. They are waterproof, warm, comfortable and stylish with jeans and khakis. Highly recommended!!
B001FXZU92 wow Great product.I wear them 6 days a week for work.Never had a pair of boots this comfortable before.This was my second pair.
B001FXZU92 My 2nd Pair This is the second pair of this boot I have purchased. The first pair were incredibly resilient. I am pretty tough on boots & this is the first pair in years that I would rate this high & recommend to others. Not to mention these are extremely comfortable from the very first day I put them on.... never had a break in period. The only down side is they are NOT Made In USA!!! Not many USA Boot Manufacturers left here, bummer!
B001FXZU92 Love these boots. My husband wears these boots to work inspecting trains. These are the second pair of this specific model we have bought. The first pair lasted almost a year. Previous boots only lasted a couple of months. He is on his feet all day in sharp rocks so his boots need to be durable.
B001FXZU92 Good boots Just bought my third pair of these. First two pair lasted 10 months each. Very comfortable on my feet and fit true to size compared to other shoes I've been buying. Not a bad deal for the price in my opinion.
B001FXZU92 Poor Quality I bought a pair of these from Amazon to replace my old pair of Timberland Pro Endurance's that were over a year old. The sole was beginning to separate from the boot however were still comfortable after 14+ hours. The quality in my new pair are lacking though, they are almost 4 months old now and the sole is already beginning to separate. Never mind  my heel gets rubbed raw by the end of the work week and my previous pair were the same size/width. Even though I tie them up tight to prevent my heel lift they  tend to need re-tied several times throughout the day when my previous pair did not. I'm not sure what Timberland changed on these but I'm no longer impressed by their boots.
B001FXZU92 Timberland PRO Men's 52562 Endurance 6" PR Work Boot Second pair, excellent performance.  Wear them in a body shop, get wet a lot, held up well.  Same fit as first pair.
B001FXZU92 Great work boots My husband is a surveyor and works outside almost every day.  He goes through work boots quickly.  We bought his first pair of these Enddurance boots last year and they lasted over a year, which is impressive for him.  We just bought his replacement pair.  The boots are comfortable and durable.  Highly recommended.
B001FXZU92 Worth the money These are a great pair of boots. They for perfect and are very comfortable. I would recommend these boots to anyone looking for a good pair.
B001FXZU92 Timberland Pro Endurance Work Boot My husband loves these boots, he swears they are the most comfortable boots he has ever owned. He is on his second pair and already has another pair waiting to go!
B001FXZU92 Love Timberland Boots. Love Timberland Boots. have tried Wolverine and cheaper boots.  I like the Timberland the BEST.  Comfortable even after 10 hours of standing on hard concrete floors.  I usually have at least 2-3 pairs on hand.  I swap out wearing the same pair for no more than 2 days.  I have a pair that I have had for 6 years.  These were purchased to replace that pair, which is now used for around the house work.
B001FXZU92 Update as I go First pair right boot ripped at the pull tab putting my foot into the boot. I did return with no problems and decided to try another pair. The boots are very comfortable. This is the only reason I decided to try another pair. I have very bad feet due to 18 surgery's for club feet.  I do not trust just yet that the materials will hold up. I will update my review to determine how long they will last.  I am a machinist and walk on concert for 8 hour shifts 5 days a week. Just average work use.  I do stand on rubber mats but run constantly walk to edm machines located in another part of the building and this makes up most of my day.The look is awesome.Comfortable for sure.Broken in. Almost to a point that it feels like stitches wont hold because leather will rip first.I give three stars and will upgrade to 4 if the boots last a year or downgrade to a two star if they dont last a year.
B001FXZU92 Comfort like no other. These is my 4 th pair, I'm an industrial maintenance tech and use them for every day work, before I used these, bought Wolverine, Caterpillar, Converse, Red Wing and some other Timberland but none equals the confort of these, got between 8 to 12 months out of them each time. The only problem I see is the soles separate from the inside the shoe and make noise when steping, (reason why I repalce them) other than that no complains. Loking to buy a new pair of safety shoes but have not found nothing like it I guess will have to buy my 5 th pair.
B001FXZU92 Big, heavy, comfortable boots Bought these after trying 10 other pairs of boots. This is my second pair. If you work on your feet you know how important a good pair of boots are. These are very supportive. With their anti-fatigue insoles and because they're so heavy,  your feet land properly on the ground, critical if you work on your feet and have a tendency for pronation. Knee pain went away almost immediately after switching to these boots.With my last pair of these boots, the plastic ankle padding tore away from the stitching after about 8 months. But what did the boots in was the sole wearing out. But if you wear any pair pf boots on a daily basis, you should expect to replace them every 6 months to one year anyway.Also, these are the most waterproof non-waterproof boots I've ever owned.
B001G842T0 My Boots I love these boots. I would like to get another pair. These boots were made for me because this is the first pair I brought in a long time.
B001G8W6WA Comfy and Sexy It was a bit painful at a couple of spots on my feet the first day I wore them. After the first time, it is just fine.  I have it in Tan, 7.5 true to size. It is a good looking pair of sandal with high quality leather. Thick insole, and 3 inches heel is still comfy to walk around. Will get another pair of different color.
B001KOQ4EG I have a black pair and liked it so ordered a brown pair Be careful on slippery surfaces!  besides that I like these shoes.  Comfy, scuffs easier than the black pair but wipes off easily.  Good pair of shoes that will last a long time.  Great build quality.  Got tired of other shoes where the sole would start wearing down after a few weeks of normal use.
B001KOQ4EG I own three pair. I know, it sounds nuts, but I tried them on at a shoe store and loved them. They were the only ones that felt like they needed no break in. When I got home I decided to buy a second pair for work use and discovered Timberland quit making them. Instead of buying one extra pair, I bought 2. I'm giving it 4 out of five because the shoe doesn't handle slippery suffice very well. Otherwise, great shoe.
B001KOQ4EG Great Shoes I bought a pair of these in dark brown and like them so much I got a pair in black.  Very comfortable to wear and walk in.  I don't walk long distances but have walked as far as 3-4 miles over the course of a day.  Very comfortable and I would recommend them, and will be buying again........
B001KOQ4EG They hold up I walk a lot. Over the course of a year I was tearing through pairs of shoes about every 6-8 weeks. These are the only pair that lasted me over 6 months. This is the second pair of these I bought, and for good reason.
B001KOQ4EG long lasting and comfortable This is the 2nd pair of these shoes that I have worn. The first pair lasted twice as long as many other similar shoes by Skechers, Dexter, etc. that I have previously tried. I didn't even realize that they were waterproof until I got soaked by a hose the other day. I mainly use these for everyday wear. I originally bought them at a Nordstrom's when traveling out of town and the salesman recommended them. Since there isn't a Nordstrom near me, I was very happy to try ordering this second pair online. The online price was very good. One other nice feature is that the little elastic tab at the top of the heel makes putting them on even easier.
B001KOQ4EG A bit disappointed in changes to this shoe I purchased both a brown and black pair of these shoes to replace the black ones I wore out.  I loved the first pair of shoes.  The day I first put them on they felt like I had already broke them in.  So I was excited to order some brown ones to go with the black ones I was getting to replace the first pair.  For the most part the shoes are the same as they were with the first pair... with one very important exception... the insole.  the first pair had a form fitting comfort insole... these new ones have a cheap flat foam insole that is called a "sock liner".  The first pair had arch support and shock absorbing material under the heal and arch... not the new pair.  It makes a big difference.  I have purchased some insoles and we will see if that helps.. If not, they're going back...UPDATE 10-29-13well, they're going back.  i got the same size i had last time and found them to be longer than the last pair that the did not sit right.  i think it is partly also because the neoprene liner that they had in the first pair is gone.  it used to go over the arch and attach to the tongue and it's gone.  it does make a difference.  i have gone now to an 11 EE in this shoe and it fits much better but still disappointed with the lack of shock comfort insole.
B001L1DBQC Great A great boot, this is my second pair. They are very comfortable and last for a long time. At least mine has.
B001PBK87I great boots These are really very good boots for the price and I will be buying a second pair in the very near future.
B001PBK87I Second pair This is the second pair I have bought and they are warm, water resistant and hold up really well under my work conditions outside at the airport. The last pair lasted over a year. I highly recommend these boots.
B001S5X31E Very comfortable right out of box. This is my second pair of this same boot. Still wearing first pair for just over 2 years now. I wear boots 40 hours a week as a heavy equipment mechanic, boots still fit and feel great. Bought second pair for home use until first pair wear out at work.Soul is still in good shape. Leather is cracking but not split or worn through. Still water proof. On my third pair of laces, eyelets are getting worn and sharp. Only bad thing is boots are a little warm on the feet in summer time. Over all I think this is a great boot and will continue to wear them. This is my fourth pair of Timberland Pro boots.
B001S5X31E avid buyer of this boot I first bought a pair of these boots 3yrs ago before i met my fiancee at that time i worked for food lion i was always on my feet between stocking and bag boy after buying a new pair of boots from walmart like every 3 months i decided to hunt around i knew i needed a boot that coulod with stand everything i dont own a car so they would need to be comfy as i used to walk 2 miles to work and two miles home well this boot did just that after about a month of owning these i new they where perfect my first pair lasted me over a year since that pair i am on my second pair i have switched jobs i am now with home depot and they still stand up to the everyday challenge of hard work standing on my feet for 8+ hours and walking to and from wotk since the first pair even my fiancee has a pair of her own  and she absolutly loves them  i have a hard time getting her out of them and into anything else  as for me this pair has lasted me 9 almost ten months the only down fall with this boot is when you get to about month 10 the soul gets thin i wear mine til they split then i buy a new pair i just bought my third pair and they are on there way as we speak i will not wear them til the ones im wearing are completly GONE.
B001S5X31E great boot These are the best boots I have ever owned. This is the second pair I have owned, the first pair lasted nearly two years of hard use seven days a week. I highly recommend these boots. I wear them exclusively. So they get a lot of use.
B001SARJXC As Expected, Comfortable Show I bought this shoe for my dad for Christmas. He was looking for a casual pair of boots to wear that were comfortable. He said these boots are very comfortable and fit true to size. My boyfriend also has the same pair. I would recommend this product!
B001SARJXC Great pair of boots I expected great things from a pair of boots with made by this famous brand and I have not been disappointed. They feel solid and well made and have been quite comfortable from the beginning without a painful break in period. They were very hard to get on at first before the elastic loosened up a bit but are fine now.
B001SARJXC Bring on the snow, sleet & ice! I needed a new pair of boots as I just moved from the deep south to a more northern state with much more wintery weather.  I scrambled to buy a pair of boots and ran across these Timberlands.  As soon as I put them on I remembered my favorite shoes from my youth which happened to be Timberlands as well.  These are nice boots...stress the word BOOTS.  They are not shoes, nor should they fit & wear like shoes.  They are a great, comfortable pair of BOOTS!  I've worn them to work on several occassions and never took them off as they look great with a pair of dress pants or jeans.
B001SARJXC Cannot ask for anything better! This boots are some of the best Timberland has come up with, this is my second pair as the other ones I gave to my brother which look just as good and my brother even got me thinking if I was going to be able to get another pair.
B001SARJXC Love these shoes I bought my first pair of these 3 years ago, and they're still going strong.  I actually bought a second pair because I love them so.  They are comfortable and stylish.  I wear them almost everyday for work.  They're also great for going out as well.  I always use them whenever I travel.  No laces to bother with when going through TSA.  Also, I like to walk around a lot in the places I travel, and these are perfect for that.  So throw on your favorite pair of boot cut jeans, slip these on, and head out for a night on the town!
B001SARJXC BOOTS THAT FIT AND LOOK GREAT This is my second pair of Timberland Chelsea Boots...I have them in black and suede and will buy another pair, too. Highly recommended boots.
B001SARJXC Timberland boots I love these boots.  I got my first pair a number of years ago and finally abused them enough that they needed to be replaced.  This pair is slightly changed from my old pair but just as comfortable.
B001SARJXC Very comfortable I had a pair of brown one that lasted me about 7 years, thought I'd try a dressier black pair.They fit very well, I ordered my normal size and they were exactly right.  I have worn them 3 or 4 times now - I thought they were too tight and stiff the first time, but they have loosened up nicely and are now very comfortable.The sole and insert seems to have been redesigned from my last pair (they were what fell apart eventually) and they seem more robust than the old pair.  I would recommend these to anyone.
B001SARJXC great boots i love these boots so much i bought my second pair today. waterproof, comfortable, and good for both semi-formal and casual use.
B001SARJXC 4.5 of 5; Great boots. I love these boots!  I have a 4E size and the design of these boots allow me to fit my block foot into them with only a bit of snug-ness.  The elastic sides allow me to slip them on easily, even with my high arch.  After a few days of wearing the boots the leather is stretching nicely in all the right places.  This is my second pair; the first pair had good durability and lasted around 3 years.  Please don't change out this style Timberland!
B001SARJXC boots i love these boots.  they are the most comfortable boots i have ever worn and they hold up well.  i bought my first pair last year and they show little wear even as hard as i am on boots riding motorcycles.  i hope to never be without a pair of these boots.  i bought 2 extra pair just in case they become discontinued from the timberland line in the future.
B001VNCKJ4 Still my favorites These are the first nice pair of shoes/boots I purchased, and still my favorite.  I now have Wolverine 1k and AE fifth street, and still prefer these, though they are getting used up, ...being my first nice shoe I didn't take care of them.  I'll likely get another pair of these eventually.  They are a very unique boot and I cherish them.
B00261CDYW Quality control? Bought a pair. Made in China. After one day of wear just inside the house, the leather part of the insole started to peel away from the rest of the insole.Exchanged for an identical pair. The exchange pair are made in the Dominican Republic, the toe is much narrower, the tongue is much thicker, the laces much shorter. I doubt they were even made from the same last--the fit is very different. Tighter with a weird bulge in the arch of only the left foot. And the exchange pair have the identical quality control issue as the first pair---the leather part of the insole started peeling away the FIRST time I took these shoes off. Appaling lack of quality. I'm buying a pair of sperrys instead.
B00261CDYW Great balance between sharp and casual, great quality I originally got these for an event that I couldn't wear sneakers to, and ended up wearing them all the time. After over a year, they are still in great shape. The price has come down by about a third since then and I'm tempted to buy a second pair to save for later, but there's really no point because the first pair seems like it will last a long time.Just FYI to all the negative reviews about stiff or cracked leather, I strongly suggest you get some Obenauf's Leather Oil. All leather shoes require oil from time to time. New shoes typically are somewhat dry and need to be oiled and broken in a bit. To break mine in, I went for about a 3 mile walk. It worked fine.
B00295RJIU Second pair as good as the first... This is my second pair of these shoes. I am a nurse and am on my feet for long periods of time, so comfortable footwear is a must. These shoes are very comfortable with a roomy toe box. When these finally get ratty (my dog chewed my last pair), I will likely buy another pair. Only negative is that they leave black scuff marks...so don't drag your feet!
B00295RJIU Comfort first My first pair of the Renova Pro was a 7W and it was a 1/2 size big. This time I'm ordering the 6.5W. I work in a bakery and I stand 8-12 hours a day. I ordered a pair back in May and these shoes lasted me five months. They still look fine but the support isn't there anymore.I got a pair of Danskos, which I've worn for a week and I still haven't broken them in. So I'm getting my second pair of the Timberland Renova because these felt great from the very first day, no break in period at all. I love the roomy toe box, the Danskos wide sizes are not as roomy. I've tried clogs by Shoes For Crews but they dug into my ankles, the Renova has a better fit.
B00295RJIU almost the oerfect work shoe Love these shoes. Moderate arch support and cushioning. Roomy toe bax area. These are my second pair. My first pair lasted almost a year. Only problem is that they squeak when you walk. My first pair didn't do that. But I wi still buy the again.
B00295RJIU 1st pair was great but 2nd pair is not! I bought a pair of these shoes a year or so ago and thought that they were the greatest things since sliced bread!  I am on my feet all day long and had never found comfortable shoes until these.  Finally, when the toes came unstitched from the sole, I bought another pair.  They are supposed to be identical to the previous pair but they are not.  I can hardly get them on and they are not comfortable at all.  My feet are killing me after just a couple of hours.  I won't be buying anymore.  I expected more for my $120.
B002ASAJPG and like them. have had 2 pair of these,and like them.
B002ASAJPG Great boot Perfect boot from day one. No complaint. Going to get another pair. Exactly as advertised. Only one question, can I get a discount for second pair?
B002ASAJPG pro boots I like the boots a lot they are quite comfortable.  The only downside is that I had to send a pair back because the sole separated from the boot.  I had to ship them back for a new pair, hopefully they hold up.
B002ASAJPG I won't buy any other boot. Instant comfort.  My second pair of these boots.  The first pair hooked me.  They were the most comfortable boots I ever owned so I came back to Timberland when the others wore completely out.  Good arch support.  Quality construction and can take a lot of abuse.  Love them.
B002ASAJPG Comfort & safety This is my third pair and I like the way they feel on my feet they are very comfortable. Every year I buy a pair and they last about a year I work all year round and they are a safe boot. I am a Union Carpenter, I always tell people about them and how comfort and safe they are. Not much else I can ask of these boots. TIMB PRO FOR LIFE!
B002ASAJPG Get them This is my second pair of these boots. Worked construction all my life and these have been the most comfortable and still pass all the regulatory requirements in Ca. They are on the heavy side, but they are comfortable and last.
B002ASAJPG Good deal on great boots I purchased a pair of these boots last year from a local discount shoe barn. I work as a landscaper and am on my feet for 10-12 hour days in the summer. These were the most comfortable boots I have worn. When I went to purchase a pair for the upcoming season, they didn't have them in my size. So I came to Amazon to see if I could find them here. Not only did they have them, they were $10 cheaper than the discount store.Don't forget to sign up for Amazons shoe email alert for an addition discount on your first shoe purchase. with a 20% discount on the already low price I purchased 2 pairs to be sure I have a pair for next season as well.As others have said they do run small so I got them a size bigger.
B002ASAKN2 They are terrific! I bought these boots a few years back and finally decided to buy these again. They were the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn. The reason why I didnt buy another pair after they wore out was the price. I bought my first pair at a great discount and when amazon had a very good price plus the black friday discount, I couldnt resist! I highly recommend them to anyone who is willing to pay a hefty price for work boots.
B002ASAKN2 AMAZING COMFORT These are only my second pair of Timberland Pro's. Reason being the last pair lasted me nearly 5 years!!!!!!!!! These things are so well built,and so comfortable (even while working the 12 hour shifts I work) I will NEVER go back to the garbage I used to purchase. I have been diagnosed with Bilateral plantar fasciitis and these, as well as my last pair, have been heaven sent!
B002ASAKN2 Great boots Add a silicon gel insole and they provide all day comfort for working on your feet. Purchased the other pair at Sears and they lasted about a year. Stitching ripped out of the collar of the right boot, but can still wear them and they're just as comfortable as this pair.
B002ASAKN2 GREAT!!!! Love these boots second pair I've owned and you can't beat the price I will def buy another pair when I need another pair
B002ASAKN2 Comfortable and well built. This is my second pair of Timberland Pro's and I am very happy with them.They are fairly narrow though,compared with my last pair.My last pair lasted 2 years,very surprising considering I'm a mechanic and am on my feet a minimum of 9 hours a day.
B002ASAKN2 Timberland PRO Endurance This is hands down the best boot I've ever owned. Even better than the old Timberlands I've had in the past. The support and comfort (phenomenal for a boot) is amazing. I just missed a sale at Sears (they had the brown ones for $120) but I will own another pair as soon as he price is right. I bought them for riding my motorcycle but the second pair will be for everyday use. I would recommend these workboots to anyone looking for both quality and comfort.
B002ASAKN2 BEST BOOTS PERIOD The last pair of timberland boots i had lasted over a year and could have kept being used but i wore the soles out. ( I'm an Electrician ) This pair of boots are a little heaver b/c of the plates in the soles to protect against punctures but i don't feel the extra weight at all after a few days.  Overall a GREAT boot and VERY comfortable!!!!!  I WILL without a doubt be getting another pair of these when they wear out.  Most likely over a year from now.....
B002ASAKN2 Awesome workboot! I bought these for my husband for work, this is his second pair! The first pair lasted over a year! He works 12 hour days, 6-7 days a week on concrete which these boots he found were comfortable and durable for his line of work. Also he is flat footed so finding these has helped his aching feet standing all day.
B002ASAKN2 Great Work Boot After doing some searching for a new work boot, one of my co-workers got a pair of these for christmas.  He absolutly loved them, so I bit the bullet and shelled out the extra dough for a quality pair of boots.  I spend 8-12 hours a day on my feet, usually on cold concrete, and the anti-fatigue padding in these boots is awsome.  Only had em a couple of weeks, so time will tell how they wear.  They are a lil tight, as I did not heed the warnings from previous reviews on sizing.  If I order another pair it will be a half size larger. But over all they are great boots.  They are heavy, so if you want a light pair of boots these are not them.
B002ASANG6 Repeat Buyer. I bought a pair of these in late August of 2012. Except for three months out with a knee injury, I'm still wearing them in March of 2014! They are very comfortable. I have a wide foot but the medium width fits great. Very wide toe box. They are also very easy to lace up with only one pair of speed laces. I have now purchased a second pair. I loved Timberland boots back in the early '80's but as the company grew I saw prices go up as quality went down. I stopped buying them. These are the most comfortable work boots out there for my money. Well worth the price. Don't skimp on tires & shoes!
B002CVUSY8 return I have had other timberland shoes just like this and this pair was too narrow 8(M)or the last pair that fit better was too wide, also 8(M).I am returning this new pair.
B002CVUSY8 Replaces 4 year old heavily worn pair I've been looking for a new pair to replace a 4 year old pair I have worn heavily  - glad to finally find.Timberland - keep producing these!
B002CVUSY8 Great Boots One the most comfortable pair of boots that I have ever purchased. I was a little worried that they wouldn't fit, as I have a wide foot, not the case. I would buy another pair when these are worn out.
B002CVUSY8 Run a little large. I like these shoes allot, but had to send the first pair back because they were to large. I had bought a pair of Bates riding boots earlier that fit just right but had to go a half size down and get medium width it the Timberland pair. They are comfortable right out of the box and don't really need to be broken in. They look great with jeans which is why I wanted them! The inner sole is cushioned making them easy to walk in as well. Amazon credited my account quickly and had the exchange pair shipped out very fast. I would buy these again and may get a pair in  black. Thanks Amazon!
B002CVUSY8 hubby loves them This is actually the second pair I have purchased.  The first pair is still in pretty good condition for being worn daily for a year.  They are just looking a little used and scuffed up.  Well worth purchasing.
B002NEGCC6 So good I bought a second pair... Some people are shoe fanatics and have closets full of shoes. I am definately not one of those people. This is the first time in 50+ years I liked a shoe so much a bought a second pair in a different color. (Maybe I am getting senile :-) They do seem to be a half size large so take that into consideration when ordering.
B002NEGCC6 happy feet This is my second pair of Timberland Front Countries.  After three years of use, the original pair has been relegated to yard work and knocking about.  A great looking casual shoe for khakis or jeans!
B002NEGCC6 I've been wearing for years This is my 2nd pair of these Timberland shoes. The sole of my first pair started to peel away from the shoe after 3 years and I tried to get them fixed, but the repair shop did a bad job, so I just bought a new pair.  These are the most comfortable casual shoes I've owned and easily my favorite pair of shoes.
B002NEGCC6 Comfy, light, strong and good looking! Timberland knows how to make comfortable shoes and this slip-on is one of the few shoes I can wear all day without complaining. The footbed insets are firm with a wee bit of give and have just the right amount of arch support. I wore this pair for 6 months before writing this review and found them exceedingly well made: quality leather upper, durable materials and attractively finished in satin black. The finish is surprisingly scuff resistant. The lack of a steel shank makes them lightweight and wearable through TSA checkpoints (if Pre-TSA rated). I find them handsome, stylish and perfect for casual days with jeans or khakis. The rubber-like sole is grippy and sure-footed on most surfaces.I bought my first pair at Macy's and was able to try on multiple samples with socks I prefer (athletic socks). I have a slender foot and found they run a little short in length: big toe hits the front with my normal size (8). Size 8.5 gave me perfect wiggle room without being too loose in the heel.Price varies widely on these kicks so if you're not in a hurry, shop around. I bought my first pair at Macy's on sale for $49. I've seen them as high as $110. The $70 to $80 range is average for these shoes.I liked these shoes so much I bought a second pair a few months later but in oil tanned brown, something I rarely do. After my wife noticed I hoofed it all over Vegas comfortably--while she suffered--she begged me for a pair. So I bought her a black pair in size 7 and they fit her perfectly and, while not exactly feminine in appearance, they look nicer than sneakers or cross trainers. Highly recommended!
B002NEGCC6 great pair When I ordered this pair, I read the reviews before buying it. It does run a half size big. I had to send it back to get thr right size. Second point is thst if you have a wide foot do not get the regular fif, cuz ut might squeeze ur foot which is uncomfy. It will take three to four days for break in period. I had to remove the insole and wore it in the home to break it in. Once it became a bit lose then I worebit with insoles and it felt great.. I might get snother pair in different colour...
B002YOMJPY Great boot for the price Loved this pair of boots for a year and a half.  Applied black polish when they needed to be cleaned up however just recently, leather gave out on a long hike with multiple inclines and lateral stress.  The lether just streched out and now they don't fit at all.  My feet swim in them.  If I double up some winter socks, I can get a decent fit so I guess I will just keep them for a snowy day.  I guess $80 bucks / 1.5 year of wear is pretty good value.  I will buy another pair.
B002YOMJPY Awesome Boots!! The first time I bought a pair of Timberlands, I was hooked. They are very comfortable when you first put them on and that comfort lasts throughout the day. And they look good as well. Will be buying  another pair in a few years. Thanks.
B002YOMJPY Another Great Pair Of Timberlands! I have said it before and I CAN say it again! I buy Timberland shoes from Amazon! I am always ecstatic when I open the door and see this box! I tear it open like a Christmas present and put them on. I bought this pair because I live in Oregon! Need I say more? Well, just in case, Oregon can be very wet! I spend a good amount of time outside and I hate wet socks! These boots have been tested and approved (by Me)! Every pair of Timberlands I get always fit right, always comfortable, and always last a long time.
B002YOMJPY The best boots for the job! My husband originally bought a pair of these boots from a local shoe store for twice the price of what we paid through Amazon. He wore his first pair 5 nights a week for a couple of years. These boots are truly waterproof, and help keep his feet warm and protected through any weather. After the soles of his first pair wore out, we decided to purchase 2 pairs through Amazon since no other boot he's worn can match the quality of these. These are a great investment for a hard-working man!
B002YOMJPY Thanks Amazon As a mailman I need some reliable boots that are comfortable and waterproof. Tim's are a good choice for that. It's my second pair I bought from Amazon.com
B002YOMJPY Great boots! These are awesome boots. I've had a brown pair for about a year now that I wear casually. ..was looking for a pair of work boots also..so I bought another pair in black. Most comfortable boots I've worn. Good price and waterproof.Would definitely buy again.
B002YOMJPY GREAT FIT and LONG WEAR I bought a pair of these 4 years ago to replace a pair on Caterpillar boots, and I'm glad I did, they just feel great. I wear these every day walking on concrete and gravel with no foot fatigue. So I just bought another pair ( Feb. 2014 ) just to make sure I don't have to go without. I'll wear out the old pair first and wear the new pair out on the town, they're that comfortable. I pray Timberland makes these forever.....
B002YOMJPY Just what they are supposed to be This is my second set of these Timberland boots. The first pair lasted for several years for day-to-day use and for some backpacking in New England mountains. Though I've only had this pair for a couple of weeks, they have held up well during the recent snowstorms that we've had. They were a little tight for the first couple of days, but the leather loosened up and now they fit comfortably. If they last as long as the first pair, then the star rating will be a five.
B002YOMJPY Happy customer!!! He is very pleased with the second pair that were shipped....the first pair had wrinkled leather .....thank you so much for replacing them immediately with a new pair...they were perfect!!  your shipping was immediate as well....I will  ALWAYS recommend your sitefor everything....I may be new to this ordering on line, but I also know I can trust your company....thank you again....Sincerely,Ms. joel  5 star rating!!!
B002YOMJPY Timberlands Are Back I haven't owned a pair of Timberlands since the 90's, but I was drawn to this particular boot. I bought a size 10M, and it fits comfortably. I love the fact that they are waterproof, and it is the perfect boot with a nice pair of jeans. You can immediately tell these boots are quality upon opening the box. You can't go wrong with these.
B002YOMJPY Makes a good workshoe too. This is my second pair of these. I work in a bodyshop and am on my feet most of the day. These boots feel more like sneakers. My first pair lasted exactly a year. Considering my enviorment I think that's great. I have a narrow foot and these fit very well. Love them.
B002YOMJPY Love Timberland products but the first pair had to be ... Lite weight boot. Love Timberland products but the first pair had to be returned after a couple of weeks because the shell of the boot was becoming separated from the sole. The return and replacement was seamless. I will watch the new pair closely to see if this was a one time issue or if it is a quality issue. My Timberland Pros are bullet proof, so I have high expectations.
B002YOMJPY Fits like a charm When I ordered this pair of boots, I thoguht it would be a little loose on me.  I was surprised by how well it fitted and how comfortable it was.after a long day at work.  I brought this pair to replace my old broken one.  I would recommend purchasing this pair of boots.
B002YOMJPY Excellent Boots I bought my first pair about two months ago, last week I ordered my second pair. I have been buying Dunham and New Balance boots and shoes for the past thirty years because I have a short wide 4E foot, which makes finding comfortable shoe almost impossible.My wife and I are living in the Andes mountains in the north of Chile where the terrain is challenging to say the least. When my first pair arrived I went for a five mile hike right out of the box, it was as if the shoes were already broken in. I was really surprised for these shoes were 2E, they fit like a glove, they are light, they give great angle support, you can wear them all day long without realizing that you are wearing a pair of boots. I love them.
B002YOMJPY a plus!!!! love them it's my second pair I bought not from this dealer but I highly recommend both of them...will use them again
B002YOMJPY Comfortable These boots are comfortable and lightweight. I have always liked Timberlands. I have owned 3 or 4 pair of them and have never been disappointed.
B002YOMJPY Great boot I had 3 pairs of brown boots this style and bought these black ones. Most comfort pair of shoes I've worn and they are light weight.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable and great fit! This is a very comfortable boot. They are light weight and easy to wear all day. Will buy another pair.
B002YOMJPY like wearing sneakers My job requires a lot of walking and standing read the reviews of the white ledge and thought i would give them a try..very pleased...feet do not get tired and my back does not get sore..like with the old pair of boots i had..would recommend them..a good pair of socks and im good to go...
B002YOMJPY awsume  boot Great  boot  fits as expected  I now have  both brown and black  pair  great price  this is  my third pair of boots  my first pair  lasted  two  years  of everyday use
B0034G54BM Love theses boots These boots are so comfortable.  This was my second winter wearing them almost every day.  The heel height is perfect.  I wear them with dresses, skirts, leggings, etc.  I was not happy since it seems like Timberland may not be making them any longer.  I bought a second pair from Amazon on sale to put away for when my first pair can no longer to worn to work.
B0034G54BM OMG I already have a pair of Charles Street Lexxiss in an 11M and absolutely love those boots.  I was initally concerned about buying the Bethel Knee-High Boot based on some of the reviews I read hear.  After getting a pair of these in black, I loved them so much I purchased a pair in Burgandy and Taupe in an 11W and a pair in Burgandy 10W for my sister.  These boots are a must have in any color.  I hope they find a pair in Wheat because I also want that color too.
B0034G54BM my 2nd pair These boots are so comfortable. i previously ordered this boot in the plum, which I loved.  I have been looking for a black pair and decided the I really should stick with what I know. I am now happy with the black also.
B0034G54BM Dansko boots a bust! This is my second pair of Dansko boots I have purchased from Amazon. The first pair I bought last year and I absolutely love them and they fit true to size. This pair does not fit true to size and they run very small and they're not very comfortable
B0034G54BM Great, my second pair Love these boots, this is my second pair.  I also have them in the brown.  They are comfortable, stylish, and hard wearing.
B0034G558E My second pair.. I bought the brown pair several months ago and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE them. Most comfortable pair of shoes I own. I wear them every day. During the day they take me all over the city. Great for long walks! At night they function as my work shoe ware at a busy restaurant. Great support, good soles, adjustable through the laces with easy access through the side zipper. Happy to own them in black now too. If you are looking for comfort, support for your ankles, durability and beauty..fully recommend these! Also have space for insoles which make them even more comfortable.They are awesome!
B0034G5KAC My favorite boots, this is my second pair Love this boots, specially with skinny jeans... so comfortable....This is my second pair, I was dying to get the brown, I receive so many compliments every time I wear them...
B0034XS4OY Quality shoes This pair of Timberland oxfords is my seventh or eighth. They fit well and became comfortable. This pair took a little longer to break in than some of my previous ones. I like that they are waterproofed. This pair was lighter in color than I expected.
B0034XS4OY A pair of shoes everyone should own I have been wearing the Timberland Men's City Adventure shoes for many years now (although previous referred to by different names) and I am convinced that it is the best standard pair of shoes that a man can buy. Everyone should have a pair of black and brown in their closet.  The reason I like them so much is manifold-First of all the fit is super solid. I don't have hard feet to fit but have always found these to be super consistent from pair to pair.  It doesn't take a long time to break them in--perhaps just a few wearings. And they really do hold up through rainy weather--I live in Seattle and can attest to that.  So I strongly recommend going out and buying a pair and trying them out.  You won't be dissapointed.
B0035LD2II Great boots, weak rear strap I'll echo what another review on here states...that these are great boots, but the strap on the back isn't sufficiently secured from the factory. Definitely a weakness and oversight on the part of Timberland, but I otherwise love their products and love these boots. I guess I could have them repaired if I cared enough, but I don't. I did buy a second pair that I'll have on standby if/when the current pair (that I wear daily) go south on me. Timberland shoes seem to have really durable soles that last forever...but maybe that's just MY experience with them.
B0035LD2X8 Great pair of boots Just like all the other good reviews said. Very comfortable, very light and look great. Versatile too. Can be worn with a pair of jeans or with slacks for work. I am normally a 9 and bought the 8.5. Perfect fit.
B0035LD2X8 great such a good pair , great fid and as expected.  I can easily buy it again after this pair get old
B0038JCZ9Y best pair of boots i've ever owned i love boots.  but i've never had a pair that fit so perfect and that i could walk all night and day in. didn't know much about timberland brand . purchased most of mine through macys or nordstroms. and none of them where ever as comfortable as these. i bought a size 8.5 and was happy to see that they had them in wide width. usualy i have to buy a size 9 in boots and they always rub or pinchin the toes.  i decided to try these after buying a pair of designer brands and sending them back. i chose them because i've never found a stylish pair of wide width as nice looking or with this great quality leather.  i got them this morning and put them on and haven't taken them off all day. i think i might even buy a second pair because i know i will never find any as great fitting and comfortable for me anywhere else  so i better have a spair pair. qudos to timberland for a great product.
B003A4V78C I like these shoes. I have had 4 pair over the years.  I am on my feet all day 5 days a week.  I rotate them every other day and when I wear out a pair then new pair is rotated in so I have 2 pair in rotation at all times.  For my feet these are the best.
B003A4V78C Very comfortable This is my second pair. I bought my first pair of Timberland PRO Men's Five Star Ashford Oxford shoes last year. Since then, I have worn them every day to work. I stand at my workstation most of the day, and I also take a 45 minute walk at lunchtime. I used to wear tennis shoes for the walk, but the PROs are so comfortable I don't bother changing anymore. They are so comfortable, I have even taken to wearing them on my work trips (except when I return the USA, where travelers still have to remove shoes at security). The old pair is still holding up well, but since I live overseas I just wanted the insurance of having a second pair. Highly recommended for those who are on their feet most of the day.
B003A69RS2 perfect shoe for waiters/kitchen This is the second pair of these that I've owned and they are perfect for waitstaff. They look sharp,  they're lightweight, hold a shine and the non slip sole really does hold unlike some other brands of shoe. I'm working fulltiume as a server and I wore out the first pair becasue I really beat the hell out of them but they lasted for almost a year. I'll by one more pair and rotate them so they last longer. Definately my go to work shoe
B003A69RS2 Great Pair! Bought this shoes because i trust the timberland brand when it comes to durability, it didnt disappoint at all! Been grinding it for 7 months now and its still sturdy and very comfortable given my job requires a lot of movement, bending and sometimes running. Definitely gonna get a second pair sometime next year when i am bored with this one. lol
B003A69RS2 Best shoes I've had in a long time. These were very comfortable and fit perfectly.  The slip resistance is top notch.  I am going to buy a second pair to make them last even longer.
B003A69RS2 Favorite pair of shoes This is the second pair of these shoes that I have bought.  First pair lasted me over 2 years and I wear them every day.  Casual enough to wear with jeans but also can be worn with khakis and a sport coat.
B003A6FGFU timberland pro Bought these for my son who was replacing a pair of pro workboots soft toe that they no longer make.  He just loves them and asked me to go ahead and get him another pair.  He drives a truck and said they are so comfortable and he can wear them on his long days.  I had to inform him that they ran out of his size.  Will buy timberland Pro again.
B003AZZMRS Good Boots, Price Varies Got a pair of these for my son last year, in Burnished Wheat.  He wears them every day, and wore most of the tread off the bottom of the boots in a year's time, though the leather uppers have held out great. Got him a new pair for Christmas this year.  But Burnished Wheat wasn't listed as available, anywhere, so got him this pair in Burnished Brown, which was fine.  Was lucky enough to get one of Amazon's last pairs, and saved about $50.00 off the price the alternate seller next in line had, after Amazon's stock was sold out.  Will probably get another pair for next Christmas, so may start shopping earlier this year to get the best deal. Hope Burnished Wheat becomes available again.
B003EV5KB6 second pair Love this boot for my daughter.  They lasted all season.  Easy for her to put on.  Polish up like new.
B003EV5QDS Great product I had a pricy pair of booties before this pair, and I must say, this pair has been more enjoyable. They are very comfortable and sharp looking. I've gotten multiple compliments on their looks. The one reason I gave them four stars is probably inevitable. I didn't pay too much for these boots, and I guess there's a necessary trade off&#8212; that being the laces broke after 3 months of use and they let water in super easy. BUT, I just bought another pair of laces, and I occasionally applied some shoe water-resistant spray. I like my booties.
B003NUR4P8 on my 3rd pair love these boots! they break in well and are very comfortable.  Can't find them anymore in stores so I have had to order my last pair through amazon. I am going to order my 3rd pair right now.
B003OBZSZO Nice boots I purchaising the second pair of this boots.The first pair was yellow.It's really suitable and cosy boots for a bad weather.
B003TFEA5O My favorite boots These are my absolute favorite pair of boots that I own.  The fit as expected, and I am even able to wear thick socks if the weather permits.  I wore these every day last winter - literally.  I live in Alaska and found it very convenient that I did not have to wear one pair of boots just to get around town or to work, and then have to bring another pair of shoes to change in to.  Every day last winter there was either snow, rain, or a mixture of both.  These boots kept my feet warm (when paired with wool socks), helped me stay sure-footed on the ice, are comfortable, and they look darn cute!  Unfortunately, I did not treat them with a waterproofing agent before wearing them - I was too excited!  Therefore, the toe area started to turn a different color, but in my mind it has only added character.  I believe it you were to waterproof these boots they will last you for years without showing signs of wear and tear.  I have worn these with dresses this summer and still get compliments on how cute they are, even with the slight discoloration on the toes.I have seen the black pair in store and I did not find them as attractive as the brown/camel pair; the colors of the leather and suede were not as distinguished from one another as the camel color.  I highly recommend.
B003TFEA5O Second pair did not disappoint This is the second pair of the Bethel Buckle Boot (different color) that my wife has owned and she loves them just as much!  The boots tend to fit as expected for the respective size; however, the leather is of high-quality but not exactly broken in.  After a few wears the boots become even more comfortable.  The old pair (2+ years of outside wear) have held up extremely well and I expect the same from the new pair.  Purchase and you will not be disappointed!  And if you are, just use free return shipping from Amazon!!
B003TFEA5O Pretty if I could have two Pretty if I could have two pair of boot I would get these as a second, but my first choice was another.
B003V9ISSI Awesome Shoes-my favorite pair the best shoes i've ever owned- super comfy, super stylish, extremely durable as you would expect from Timberland. owned this pair for over 2yrs, wear them nearly everyday. Just ordered my second pair; i was very surprised you can still buy them and am glad i found another pair in my size, it was my understanding that these shoes were discontinued in 2011 and i have been periodically searching for another pair, i lucked out apparently, yay. Buy yourself a pair if u like'em, prob won't be available much longer (its mar.17.13)...brad b.
B003VN8K46 GREAT CHOICE Ok, I am a Timberland fan. Specially in their hiking boots. When I saw these I just had to get myself a pair. I have narrow feet and finding shoes that fit me are rather an adventure, well when I tried on the first pair I had bought, I immediately bought the two more. They are comfortable, did not need to be broken in, do not need socks and look cute with just about anything.
B003XHH0W8 Disappointment I had an older pair of these (previous version without the front loop) and they were my absolute favorite pair of shoes.  I literally wore the insoles out of them.  One of my cats decided to sharpen his claws on them so I decided to buy a new pair.  I bought the 13M since that is what my last pair was, but they seemed incredibly tight on the sides so I returned them and got the 13W(2E).  I almost felt no difference in the shoe at all, but decided to keep them.  Today is the first time I wore them.  I live in downtown Seattle and walk 15 minutes to work.  Before I even made it there my heels were hurting.  I have a desk job so barely moved all day and then walked the 15 minutes back home and I was almost in tears by the time I got there.  I take the shoes off to find my left heel with a quarter sized blister, and my right heel with a burst blister and a sock covered in blood.I am a Timberland brand junkie and own 2 jackets, 10 pairs of shoes, 2 belts, 3 jeans, 2 cargos, 2 pairs of gloves, 1 backpack, 1 duffel bag, and a ridiculously expensive satchel.  I bragged about how much I loved my first pair like these, but now I am terrified to wear this new pair again.  I am totally at a loss as to what I should do.  I usually don't even post reviews of the things I buy, but I am so disappointed that I needed to do this.  Should I contact Timberland?  I can't return the shoes because they have had contact with blood.  I wish I could upload a picture of my heels with this review.
B003YC48QS shoes bought 2 pair for my husband. a black pair and a  brown pair. the fit and colors are great. i like the discounts
B0043QGPKQ Another Pair These are my second pair of these shoes, very comfortable right out of the box.  Size is true....................word word word
B0049N0O1Y Awesome Boot! I work in rocky mountain terrain and these boots are up to the task. I am on my feet most of my shift and I am going on seven months with my first pair .They are not as durable as Danner, but they are a close 2nd. And the comfort outweighs the durability issue....by far. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever worked in. I did replace a zipper in one boot, so the next pair I order will be without the zipper. I went a half size up when I ordered.
B004FESCK2 GREAT BOOTS!....Lightweight, warmth and stylish!!! I have been on a search for boots that I could wear in the snow. I'm taking a ski trip soon and really wanted a pair of boots that were: functional (kept my feet and toes warm)....and also looked great. I bought 7 other pairs of boots from seven other vendors/companies/brands and had to return every single pair. They were all too hard, heavy or bulky...a couple of the boots seemed like they were for men...even though the descriptions say they were for women. One pair even had a steel toe!!!....OMG!.....well, I first bought a pair of these Timberland Mount Holly Tall Duck Boots in Solid Black and I LOVED LOVED LOVED them when they arrived. They were perfect!.... super warm inside, cute and feminine design, lightweight and just totally awesome. I loved the black pair so much that I ordered the Taupe color as well. I love my boots....way to go Timberland!!!  :-)
B004FHCKDE Charlie This is my second pair of Timberlands. I've had these shoes for about a year and love them.  They did take a little while to break in around the ankle but they are a pleasure to wear now.  I use them mostly on either rainy, snowy, or icy days. I wear them running errands, hiking, or walking the dog.  These shoes are well built and very comfortable. They look great with a pair of jeans or khakis.  I will definitely buy another pair when the time comes.
B004FHCKDE 2nd pair in a row This is 2nd pair I've owned.  Wear mostly in winter, occasionally rainy weather, so the first pair lasted around 9 or 10 years.  Glad they still make.  Waterproof, warm, stylish, not too clunky.  Looks like shoes, not boots.
B004J2HSIC Fit like a glove right out of the box.  No breaking in required and virtually indestructible! I've had a pair of the 6" Chocorua Gore Tex Boots for about 10 years now and use them quite a bit in the fall and winter months.  These were the first boots I've ever tried on that fit perfectly and were comfortable hiking for miles right out of the box.  So, when I recently recently bought a pair of snow shows and wanted a pair of taller boots to use with them, the 8" Chocorua was my first choice.I couldn't be certain that the sizing or quality hadn't changed since I bought the older pair, but having double checked my size at a Timberland retailers, who unfortunately didn't stock the Chocorua, I rolled the dice and ordered them from Amazon - at a substantial savings over Timberland's own website I might add! (Maybe I got lucky with year end clearance.  But I digress.)I slipped the new boots on and found they fit me exactly like the older pair.  I couldn't be happier.Now here's the one thing you need to be careful of.  Timberland offers different widths in their sizing.  Based on the label inside my older boot, I knew to order size 13M.  Go through the trouble to get your feet measured accurately somewhere before you order. Both the 6" and 8" Chocorua boots are absolutely true to size.Now, where to get spare laces?
B004J2HSLY Great, but for one issue... This is the second pair I have bought. They are dead convenient for slipping on and off (therefore good for airport security), comfortable in the house, rugged enough for outdoors. The only problem in my experience, as you slip them on and off, the material inside the heel isn't strong enough to take more than about one year's, say 300 times on and off (because I work from home and wear them almost every day) before it breaks and the stuffing comes out.That wore out long before anything else. But it didn't stop me buying another pair.
B004J2HSLY jerry's yesican I tried these on at a local store (Dicks Sports) I loved the way they felt and bought them. After a couple days I thought I should get a second pair because I do home repairs and I am hard on work shoes. They had 1 pair left and were not getting any more in, which I couldn t understand that. So after I got home with them I decided to go on line and try to find a third pair, which I did. Its been about 4 months and these shoes are so comfortable I decided not to take any chances on wearing these out in the years to come and not be able to find more. So tonight I decided to go on line and buy a 4th paid. Keeeping in mind the 1st pair show no wear and I wear them ever day. So I am about to place my order and decided what the heck I am buying 2 more pair. I am serious and I am not a employee or paid to say this. The other reviewer before me knows I am telling the truth, Don t you ! Try them you will love them. Then be sure to write your review.
B004JZPRWS Great shoes! it's the second pair of Timberland that we get and it's great.  Long lasting and very comfortable, minimum maintenance
B004K22QM4 12M TIM REALLY NICE PAIR OF BOOTS. WILL PURCHASE ANOTHER. HOPEFULLY THEY WILL STILL BE AVAILABLE. MUCH BETTER THAN MY FIRST PAIR.  THESE ARE WATERPROOF.
B004K66PAE The boots that have everything This pair of boots has everything you need' comfort, style, performance and heels!It is a perfect fit, along with the footbed, it provides coushion and comfort despite the height of the heel. I don't wear heels everyday, but these make me want to wear every second! Since I'm a size 6 and my feet are slim compared to most people, the fit might be smaller for some.I bought these in artisan gold since I want to replace an old pair of boots that have the same color. The gold is really bright, and I love it. And believe me, if I'm not on a budget, I would buy these in black, golden beige and brown! I did a little research before I bought these, and actually a lot of fashion bloggers have written about this one and they all like them. Believe it or not, you can own some style from a pair of Timberland boots.I haven't worn them in the rain, mostly because they are too precious. Anyway I believe that the waterproof function will work fine solely based on Timberland's reputation.And now it's $119 down from $195, every dollor spent on this pair will be worthwhile.
B004K66PAE Very comfortable. I can easily walk all day in it.  They are stylish.  The timberland quality is great.  In sole is very supportive.  The anti-fatigue system works!  I liked it so much I bought a second pair in rust color!
B004K66PAE ADORE these They're waterproof, comfortable, stylish and sexy. What more do you need to know?I wear them with skirts or jeans and they work. I'm trying to resist buying another pair. But at this price, I couldn't justify NOT buying a second! Most likely olive.
B004K66PAE Love them! This is the second pair I bought this year.....I got them on sale at a really good price and couldn't resist.  The first pair I bought was borwn, and they're beautiful.  These are called dark olive, but they are really more of a taupe color, and very neutral looking, also beautiful. I find these boots really comfortable and stylish.  The heel is a good height and very stable. I wore them shopping, and couldn't believe they didn't hurt my feet at all.  I'm very happy with this purchase!!
B004K66PAE This is my third pair of these boots First bought the black with white stiching, very comfortable and practical. Then I bought the beige suede, comfortable right out of the box, heel not to high. This Plum pair arrived when I got home from work and I wore them to the fair and concert that night, very long walk and very comfortable. Forget they were right out of the box. These have become my favorite work and everything boot.Highly recommend, I'm 60 and very picky about comfort and still want to look like I know how to have fun.
B004KJNO7I Great run around shoes This pair from Timberland was my first pair, I loved them so much I purchased another pair. So now I have this gray color and the brown, which are great with jeans. They are very comfortable, stylish, and very durable. I do a lot of walking at work and they are marvelous. I am very happy and please that I purchased these shoes. They are also perfectly sized.
B004KQ0OM4 more then expected These are just as comfortable as hiking boots, just a little more girly. I have bought 3 pairs and the first I got a sz 9, I thought it should have been a sz 9.5 so the 2nd pair I did, however when I got it I came to the consclusion it really would be a sz 9. I have worn a pair out already.
B004L36WD6 AWESOME boots This is my first pair of Timberlands ever and now I know why people like them.  They are incredibly comfortable and it feels like they will last for a very long time.  I loved this pair so much I bought a (different) pair a week later and you can't give a much better recommendation than that.  I have become a loyal customer!!
B004LLSV5U best boots ever! I bought my first pair of these boots in Germany after eyeing them for months. One of the best purchases I've made. I bought a second pair on Amazon just in case the first pair wears out, but I don't see that happening any time soon. I have worn my first pair almost every day for two winters and they are still in perfect condition. Great for walking in any conditions, and they keep my whole body warmer, allowing me to wear a lighter coat. I get tons of compliments on them too. Could not ask for better boots!I wear a 9 in shoes and I ordered the 9.5 to have room for thicker socks, but because of the lace-up design they work with lighter socks as well.
B004PNE720 Seem a bit smaller than last pair. For some reason they don't fit like the last pair of Timberlands I have bought or worn. They seem to be very tight but I'm giving them another week before I determine if they are to small or need to be broken in a bit more. But I still prefer Timberlands over other brands since they are so comfortable.
B004PNE720 great comfort! I've owned many pairs of Timberland Pro's and these are by far the most comfortable. I put on an old pair and can't believe the difference.
B004PNE720 Great boots This is my second pair of these boots. I'm a remodeling contractor and have worn my first pair almost every day for the last two and a half years. I wore these  to work the day after I got them and forgot I was wearing new boots. Very comfortable.
B004PZYM3C Timberland Men's Mr. Washington Boot I had a pair of these boots before and really liked them so I decided to buy another pair.  Good fit and like the fact that they are waterproof.  Would recommend these to anyone.
B004RQ1JH6 As expected good shoe Shoes came very quick. 3rd pair of these timberlands. First pair without laces. Fits a little larger than ones without laces
B004RQ38B6 Perfect for work This is my second pair of these shoes. I wear them every day for work, and my last pair lasted over a year before I finally wore them out.
B004RQ3GAE Timberland PRO I have a pair just like these. However, They are worn out. The fit on these is great. They are a good work boot. They have a carbon fiber toe and are waterproof. I bought the other pair over 1 year ago and when they wore out decided another pair would be great.
B004WO3BIS Perfect Fit! We bought these for our sons second birthday, and he loves them already! He wants to wear them every day, even though it's still summer and too hot for these boots. I plan on buying him another pair, as soon as he outgrows these.
B004ZD1A4S Great all weather, long lasting This is my second pair, I like better the old one made in Vietnam than the ones made in China. Interior fit and finish is better
B004ZD1A4S not nearly as good as they use to be I have been wearing these boots for years , They are light weight waterproof and don't need  to be broken in . Until this pair . This pair squeaks when you walk , The tongue seems to gather up  into a lump on the top of my foot making them very uncomfortable to  wear. I work on my feet all day so this is totally unacceptable .The quality of these boots has gone way down.You would think when you make a quality product at a reasonable price that you would leave well enough alone.No I would not waste my money on buying another pair.
B0052A7F2Y timberland pro I LOVE these shoes. These are my 3 pair. I also brought a pair for my sister and best friend. I recommend these to anyone wanting a comfortable show
B0052A7F2Y Timberland PRO Women's Renova Very comfortable. This is my second pair. They are squeaky shoes though. I still love them. I would recommend these to any nurse or medical professional on their feet most of the shift.
B0052A7F2Y Second purchase of this shoe; good value My first pair were solid black, and I wore them out at work. The strap finally broke off one of the shoes, but I still kept wearing them until I could get a replacement pair. Good lightweight comfortable clog; easy on/off easy to clean; inserts are replaceable.
B0054HM0Z2 Second Pair I have and still own two pairs of these shoes.  I walk a 1MM square foot facility on a regular basis and these things are stellar and keep my feet from hurting on even the toughest of days.  The stitching and soles are still in excellent shape after almost one year of usage.  Other than some minor wear, they look just as great as the day I bought them.That being said, my first pair was the brown version of these.  Absolutely no problems.  Then I bought this second pair in black (my wife says brown shoes, black pants is a no no...).  The &#34;flap&#34; with the eyelets in it somewhat curls (nothing crazy and almost un-noticable).  The problem is that it catches the hem of my slacks and has all but ruined several pairs of pants as it frays the hem.  The brown shoes have never done this but the black pair is costing me pants.  I don't think its a typical problem for the shoe style but this one pair is giving me fits.  It has taken me several months to come to this conclusion.
B0054HM2UU 2nd pair This is my second purchase of these boots. I am on my feet all day and they are great. Waterproof also is a plus. Love em!
B00552OA54 GREAT Comfortable all day, slip resistant and well built. Third pair I have owned and I beat them up in the oily automotive service environment I work in. I will buy another pair once I wear these out.
B0056QW98E The best shoe for 12 hour shifts... I bought 2 pair of Timberlands at a local uniform store, for somewhere near $120 a piece, but they werecomfortable from the time I put them on, I decided it was worth the cost. I wore them for over a year, switchingout between colors, 5 days a week, 8-12 hours at a time.When I saw these on Amazon for $45, I bought 2 pair, these grey and a red pair. They are slightly different thanmy original pairs- these are Maryjane style and my others aren't, but I was hoping for a similar fit. I got the same size asmy first 2 pair, and again, right out of the box, they worked out perfectly. I'm not a Maryjane style woman, but my scrub pants coverthe tops, and they look like regular clogs.I am heavier, and have had had plantar fasciitis, and 2 hip replacements. These shoes keep me moving pain-free for 12-14 hour shifts3x a week. When I'm off work, I don't have shoes that feel as good as these do. Guess I'll have to buy moreTimberlands, so I can shop, and travel pain free forever. That's ok by me; just hope I can keep finding them for the great price!!
B0056ROT7M Timberland ESD Slip-On I purchased these shoes to wear in our factory where ESD compliance is required.  I wanted something that looked a little dressy and was tired of all of the tennis shoe choices.  I went through two pair trying to get a pair that would pass the ESD test.  Neither pair would work.  Some days, one would pass, other days neither.  I contacted the company, they said that they should pass and that if not, I could return the defective pair.  At the end of a couple of weeks and two pair of shoes, I gave up and bought a pair of Nautilus sneakers.  They passed straight out of the box.  Amazon was super, no questions asked when twice I returned them.  Thank you Amazon.
B00590WN4C Excellent Shoe From Amazon This shoe is true to size and one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. I have it in two colors and I love it. I bought the first pair from a department store but the second pair I purchased from Amazon and saved $26 dollars.
B005973VB4 second pair for me!! i bought these boots in black -- when they arrived, i was in love.  i bought my second pair in this rich reddish brown.  you will not be disappointed... these retail for close to $400.
B005A7RYSO Good so far I am not an avid hiker,I use this mainly when I am paragliding. I needed a lightweight shoe with good traction for the slopes, and one that was comfortable to walk in while trekking up mountains with my gear.So far this pair of shoes has proven to be comfortable and precisely what I was looking for.I have owned Timberland's before and it was based on sizing from previous purchases that I was able to buy this pair online without worrying about the fit. They always fit true to size.I have not had them too long, but the first time I put them on they felt just right, like a pair of shoes that your feet had grown to know and like.I cannot speak to durability, but I hope that the Timberland reputation is consistent.At this point I would recommend this product.
B005APTZ4W Great pair of boots This is a pair of boots that I've owned for about a month now, and I have to say that I wear them almost every day.
B005BWB2QI The best boat shoes you'll own This is the second pair of timberlands I have owned. The first pair lasted 10 years with rugged use. The uppers were still in great shape when I threw them away.  They fit like and are the best boat shoes I have owned including the several pair of Top Siders.
B005BWB2QI comfortable I liked them so much I ordered a 2nd pair so I will not have to remember where I got them
B005BWB2QI Second pair These hold up like iron. The first pair lasted for ever, still are wearable.  But wanted new pair that looked better in public.  Will likely buy again.
B005BWB2QI Not quite as good as previous Timberland shoes I ordered the Timberland Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoes as a replacement for an identical pair that I have enjoyed and nearly worn out. I loved the first pair for their excellent fit and durability. The new pair are good . . . just not quite as good as the first pair. The fit is good but they look and feel somewhat boxier, particularly around the instep. The toe box is squared off more - the picture on Amazon more closely resembles my 2 year old boat shoes rather than the ones I just purchased. They don't look bad . . . just not as good as the earlier pair. Still, they fit well and the overall craftsmanship (stitching, eyelets, etc.) seems to be solid. As with most manufactured items, this new pair was made in China so perhaps that explains the changes. I would still recommend these shoes but with a bit less enthusiasm than with previous versions.
B005BWB2QI I Had another pair same size and they fit well this pair was cut different to me Well I like the product but I think SPERRY makes a better boat shoe . They are more money but seem to be made better to me
B005BWB2QI Satisfied. I have owned a pair of Earthkeepers and it came as no surprise that this pair that I ordered fit just as comfortably as I expected. I am quite pleased.
B005BWB2QI Fit Like a Glove I bought the first three pairs in Macy's so I knew what size to order online. This is the second pair I've purchased online.
B005BWB2QI Love them! A very well made and good looking casual shoe. This is my second pair in ten years. I hope to purchase another pair in 2024:).
B005BWB2QI Another good pair of boatshoes Wore out my first pair of Timberlands. The soles hold up extremely well. I wore them hard. The new ones have good color and seem as sturdy if not more so than the old pair. Very comfortable, and excellent price.
B005FI1VE6 Love them! Wonderful style and comfort for my active little girl. This is our second pair. I'll buy another pair next year, too!
B005FI1VE6 Great Shoes I ordered these shoes for my two year old son; they fit him perfectly and are very comfortable and durable.  This is his second pair (he out grew the first pair)
B005FI1VE6 Comfy, durable My daughter loves these shoes, durable and this is her second pair because she grew out if her first pair.
B005FI1VE6 Rugged, cute, easy to put on This is my third purchase of these sandals. I have a 10 year old boy and a 5 year old girl. After my first purchase for my daughter,tom boy with a capital T, I decided to get a pair for my son. She has since outgrown her pair, and has required a new pair only for that fact. Her brother is on his second year of daily wear during the summer with no signs of falling apart. These are easy to put on for either the kids or the parents struggling with the kids. They can be washed in the washing machine when they look dirty, but I have had no smelly feet issues.
B005FI1VE6 Holding up great Bought these for every day shoes for my daughter and they are holding up great!  The price was great for the product received.  The first pair wore so well I went back and ordered a pair for my other daughter.
B005FI1VE6 two pairs The first pair fit my daughter so well, I bought a second pair for her!!!!! They stay on her feet very well.
B005FM5Q3O Can't beat'em 4th pair so far your kid will out grow  them before they'll wear out .. They fit secure for running and they have great traction . and their toes are protected . Will be buying another pair when he out grows this pair
B005GY98C6 Most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. I've almost wore these out, and someone suggested I try another pair of Borns (they were nice, but no where near as comfortable.) I will definitely be buying more soon.
B005I6RZXG Great nursing shoes! Review on the white leather and brown leather This is my second pair of Timberland PRO Renova. My first pair I found in a Marshalls by chance and they turned out being the best shoes ever. They are the white leather with a bit of a wider appearance in the toe area. A year later I still wear the white leather pair, for which, they are still in excellent condition. These are extremely comfortable shoes. I feel they are a bit more comfortable than the brown but I have worn the white for a year and they are well broken in. I wore them all last year for 12 hr shifts and my feet never hurt. By the end of my shift (from a bit of swelling from standing) they were a bit snug across the band on the top of my foot. This is expected after a long day on my feet but nothing too terrible. After repeatedly putting them on and off over the last year the band around my ankle is still as snug as when I bought them; minimal stretching if any.You will not slip in these shoes. I don't think I could make myself slip if I wanted. They have excellent traction. The leather has held up well. I wipe them off after leaving the hospital with an alcohol wipe (which I am sure is not recommended but given the germ alternative) and they still look good. I touch them up with shoe polish if I scuff them too much.The brown pair is very nice and "dressy" looking. They feel like they have a higher arch than the white (but again I did wear the white for a long time) but still are extremely comfortable. All the same compliments as the white pair. I did get a drop of water on them and the "drop" spot is still there. Not terribly noticeable but it was my first day wearing them. As I said above, the toe area of the brown is more narrow than the white. It doesn't seem to feel different but it makes your foot look much smaller.Overall, these are wonderful shoes in every way. I purposely sought them out again and probably will continue to purchase them in the future. BTW, I purchased the brown on Amazon for around $78 I believe, which is significantly lower than the original price elsewhere.
B005I6RZXG Just what I wanted. Great price and great shoe. This is my 2nd pair. My first pair lasted almost 2 yrs. I hope these last that long.
B005I6RZXG My 2nd pair This is my second pair of Timberland PRO.  They are GREAT.  I walk on concrete all day and my legs and feet are fine at the end of the day.  I spent quite awhile and a lot of money trying to find a shoe to provide the comfort and support these do.  The only down fall of the brown leather is that they scratch easily.  I have a pair of the patent grey (also very cute) and they do not scratch.
B005I6RZXG uncomfortable This is the second pair of black shoes that I have purchased. I am very dissatisfied with this one also. They hurt my feet so much after my work shift and I can't wait to get them off my feet when I get home. I have worn the white ones for the past 2 yrs., replacing them about every 8 months. From the first day of wearing the white I had great comfort while at work. I have returned the first black pair and I am considering doing the same with this pair.Please advise
B005I6RZXG LOVE THESE SHOES! - my 2nd pair I originally came across these shoes in a nursing uniform store.  I walk a lot for my job and I walk REALLY HARD and am especially hard on my heels.  The shock absorbing heels not only provide a great cushion but even a little bounce - a little pep to my step.  The heel is a great height without being &#34;heels&#34;  I have a high arch and a fairly wide foot.  However, even with the M width my feet are not smashed.  My first pair of Renova's were black and I have worn them to work 90% of the time for over a year and they are still surviving.  This pair is the same but with the fun print in the leather ( But,  I thought hey - what about brown?  so you got it - I ordered a 3rd pair.  I was SO HAPPY to find these on AMAZON PRIME as although I had been looking around town I wasn't able to find them for under $100.  So, with free shipping - you got me.  Quick Delivery, Great Price, Great Shoe!  :)
B005I6RZXG Love these shoes! These shoes are super comfy, made well and I love them, this is my second pair.I've had my last pair for over a year and they are still in good shape.
B005I6YJW6 On my second pair... Good quality shoe, comfortable, my second pair. Only issue from the first pair was that the rubber on the soles started to separate on the edges around 6 months, but it didn't impact comfort or safety. I had the first pair for 15 months.
B005I6Z1T6 2nd Pair on my feet all the time up and down stairs in a 11 story building. My last pair were so good I went back to them again. Comfortable Boot I have to wear Steal toe boots at work and am on my feet just about all day. This is my second pair I recommend this boot.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland PRO 87568 Helix I ordered this pair of boots for my son and he really likes them. He has had serious ankle surgery and needed a boot with support but also comfortable. I will probably order another pair for him after he has worn this pair for a couple of weeks and know for sure they will work for him but so far--all is good.I will probably update the four star to a five star if the boots work out as good for my son as I think they are going to.
B005I6Z4JI Impressive boots Planning to get a second pair of these.Very solid boot,built like a tank but as comfortable as sneakers.My first pair of Timberlands,impressed with the quality.
B005LCQYYS Great shoe Wore these shoes on a three-week European trip with nary a problem. Comfortable on long walks or long drives. Should have bought a second pair!
B005MI875U Good boots! My second pair Good boots! My second pair! Soft as a tennis shoe and waterproof! Will buy them as long as they keep selling them!
B005Y7PQNU Great boots!!! Second pair of Timberland PRO boots, both pair have been great! They feel like I'm wearing tennis shoes. Highly reccomend PRO series.
B005Y7T62W excellent product! searched diligently to find in my size probably the best boot i've ever owned! this is my second pair.i haven't experienced any discomfort breaking them in...shoul hhave bought two pair while i could find them !
B006T2EJC8 A GREAT BOOT!! This is my second pair of this boot. My first pair got ruined in an asphalt liquid accident a few weeks ago and can not be cleaned. I work outside, inside and I'm on a concrete floor a lot. I have always had back problems and every time I buy a pair of boots it takes me months to break them in. If I don't my back will go out on me. So I would have to wear new boots a few hours a day then take them off till the next day......NOT WITH THIS BOOT! It felt like slipping on a pair of tennis shoe's the first time I slipped my foot in them!! You did not have to "Break Them In!!!" Within a few days my back quit hurting from working on a concrete floor all the time. It is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn!! I bought the composite toe for work and after a couple days I bought another pair that were soft toe just to wear outside of work. I let some friends and coworkers try mine on and 8 out of the 9 that tried them on bought a pair within the next week. They loved them!! The one thing I regret is I bought the first two pair from the Timberland website for $200 plus shipping!!! Amazon saved me a lot of money!! YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS BOOT!!! IT IS WELL WORTH YOUR MONEY FOR COMFORT AND DURABILITY!!
B006T2EJC8 Great boots My second pair.Most comfortable boot I have ever worn. Totally water proof, my first pair one and one half years old still no leaks! I work as a automobile dismantler at a salvage yard extremely hard on work boots!
B006T2Z940 Super comfortable. This pair I returned and kept the second pair I ordered a size higher. Love theses boots so much I recommended them to a co worker and already ordered him a pair as well.
B006T307QE Timberland pro men's Hyperion Great fitting boot!  The second pair I have bought in 2 years.  Boot will have some fraying on edges after wearing them for a few weeks.  Hands down most comfortable boot I have ever worn.  Also save money buy off amazon.  First pair I bought for $180 from local safety shoe store. Last pair off amazon with shipping $123 with tax.
B006T307QE Good price 2nd pair. Same style just need a pair of Gel Pads and they feel fine. Like the style and needed Steel Toes for work
B006T307QE Great boots They are as advertised. Breakin was easy and they are comfortable. The agressive tred is perfect for my business. Thinking about buying a second pair now in case they change the design.
B006ZIT6QA Knockoff? This is not the first pair of boots that I've purchased and returned to Amazon.  The other was a Frye.  The construction seems shoddy and it makes me wonder where Amazon is getting these items.  I have a pair in black that I got elsewhere that is much higher quality than this.* The stitching was poorly done and the back of one of the heels tented out with a weird corner.* The wooden heel itself was very rough wood, with a thin layer of stain, much lighter than the photo, and I was worried it might snag threads off clothing.* There were spots of glue in various places where there should not have been any glue, such as the top of the front of the boot.* The leather felt plasticky and of lower quality than my old pair.* I lined up the bottoms with the old pair and the wide is the same width as the regular width.
B006ZTTV1O Love these boots.  Bought two pairs. There is almost nothing not to like about these boots.  In fact, I liked them so much I bought a second pair in another color.I bought my first pair before a trip to Dublin in late fall, a city that can be both cold and wet.  They've also made a trip to Seattle, with a similar climate.  These shoes were the perfect travel companion.  The construction kept the cold and water out, and the anti-fatigue soles made walking all over town no problem.  They look pretty sharp, too; clean enough to not look dressed down, but casual enough to go great with jeans.  I love being able to look laced up while having the convenience of a pull on (that goes double in the airport).The fit is true to size.  I have a narrow heel and sometimes have problems with slipping, and these had no issue.  I've put quite a few miles on the first pair, and the sole shows practically no wear.  Hopefully these will last a long time.  Highly recommended.
B006ZVRS1C I purchased a second pair Nice looking shoes, comfort fit,  when my wife saw them she told me they made my feet look small. I subsequently, purchased a second pair lol.
B0072AE45S Only my second pair of Timberlands ever I purchased a pair of Timberlands work boots about a week before I saw these - the work boots were my first pair of Timberlands.  When I saw this pair on a Lightning Deal I had to try them out as well since I loved the first pair.These are even more comfortable than the first pair (and I loved them) and they look great.  My sixteen year old even noticed them (and he never notices anything) and said that he wants a pair as well - THAT is a great recommendation!!
B007784JI2 Great boots I have been wearing this pair of boots for over a year now. The comfort level is great and they still look almost as they didwhen I first got them. The tread has not worn out and the laces are still in perfect shape. Great boots for the money especially.I just bought a second pair in black and another in brown totaling 3 pairs of this model, because I know if and when the pair I amwearing now wears out, I definitely want to have these new ones set back waiting. They are that good. Enjoy.
B0077SY810 Great boots!  Still going strong after 6 months in Rome on cobble stone! Great boots, very durable, comfortable, and stylish.  I would definitely recommend these boots.  I bought them to take to Rome, Italy for a 6 month internship.  The style, comfort and support, did not disappoint.  This order was for a second pair.  I have been really hard on the first pair and they cleaned up really well even after snow and salt exposure, but it looks like they might be discontinuing them, so I went ahead and ordered the second pair.  I wear a size 14 in most shoes, but the 13 in these fit well.  That being said, they might run slightly big, but nothing a thick pair of socks wouldn't fix.
B007EFDGJQ Boots are great This is my second pair of this boot, the first pair lasted a year. They are a very light weight boot and are easy to zip on and off. I will be buying my third pair in a year from now.
B00828VKFQ Perfect! They were so comfortable that I bought another pair!  I may buy another pair to ensure I always have them to wear!
B00828VKFQ Good shoes Bought these for my mom n she loves them. Very comfortable for work. Will definitely buy another pair of timberlands.
B00828VKFQ Reliable, comfortable, supportive This is my second pair of Timberland PRO. I work in a high-volume, Manhattan restaurant, so it's mandatory to have a comfortable, supportive shoe to sustain the long hours on my feet. On the advice of a coworker, I replaced my first pair with Sanita clogs, but even after a month, they were still heavy and tight. I went back to this tried-and-true shoe.
B00828VKFQ Timberland PRO Women's Renova Slip-On,Black,8.5 W US Great Shoe, just have for lots of walking and issues with feet.  I bought a pair in town and bought a second pair because they fit great!  My sister also bought a pair and is in love with them.  She is a food server and said her body doesn't heart as much after a busy day at work... this shoe is a MUST HAVE!!!!!
B008B2J96K Timberland Onuma  Driving shoe Very soft, firm & comfortable.  This is the second pair I have owned.  Don't buy for warmth or water proofing; but casual walking.
B008M27754 Nice! Very comfortable and practical. They fit just right. This is my second pair of this style. I recommend them very highly!
B008M27754 My review of Timberlands I had two pairs already and a causual Pair that was brown. Do you have any more of those in stock and if not when will you all have another shoe that is confortable as those causual wear that I mentioned earlier to you. I may be interest in a pair of low cut Boots,which is just above the ankle and Slippers.
B008M27754 Love these sandals This was my second pair.  I already had a tan pair and then got these chocolate brown.  They are very comfortable, good looking and give to plenty off support.
B008M27754 Third pair...they're the best! More support than I would have ever expected for a sandal, by far.One of the most comfortable shoes I have.Closed toes with sturdy covering give you protection from dropping things on them/stubbing!No sweating in these, with all the air openings.Only thing that has caused me to buy 3 is the soles cracked on the first pair of tan ones, afterabout 3 summers of use.  Could have resoled them, I guess...but the new ones were only $70 or so.And I bought another pair in dark brown, which are also great for coordinating colors.Try 'em, you'll probably love them...
B008M27UHO Very nice Better than expected! Thinking about getting a second pair. Would recommend to anyone. They are the perfect dress/ casual pair of shoes.
B008M2MGSC Worth every penny Great boots, looks good and goes with everything. Fits as expected. Great buy for the money. Like them so much ordered a pair for my son and got me another pair in black.
B008M2MGSC Walk everywhere Very comfortable casual boots that can be worn all day.  Well made should get good wear.  Will buy another pair in black / gray.
B008M2MGSC Perfect This was the second pair I bought. Fit great and break in only took a couple days. Looks as pictured
B008M2MGSC A very stylish and comfortable pair of boots! This pair of boots is amazingly comfortable which is quite expected for a pair of Timberland's. It is really light in weight, a lot lighter than you would expect. The material is really nice and smooth and the insides are really comfortable.The only drawback would be the time taken to put this pair of boots on, people are very picky and lazy might not like that since it has no zip. The grey area acts like a cushion for your calf.
B008M2OCP2 the shoes to try or add to your collection They feel very good--would buy another pair one day--everyone should buy a pair--you'll love them--so why don't you give them a try
B008M4UN0S Timberland Sandals This is my second pair of Timberland Sandals.  I have worn the first pair out they were so comfortable and cute.  This pair is no different.  From the first time I put them on, I knew they would be as comfortable as my first pair.I'm not sure how the canvas base is going to hold up, time will tell.
B008M4UN1C Nice shoe These wear so comfortably I ordered a second pair. Considering I choose what to wear around the comfort of shoes these are a WIN!
B008M4UN2Q Super Comfortable! LOVE these sandals.  This is the second pair I have had and I will be ordering another pair in a different color.Super comfortable!
B008MHR6D2 Simply Perfect These shoes are really comfortable and the material very goodI also received lots of compliments about themPlanning on buying a second pair
B008N6Y9BO it fits great very confortable i love it need to get another pair soon and another pair for my daughter soon thank you
B008N6YJKA I love them. This is the second pair of these shoes that I've bought.  I love them.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that the leather is different across the toe than the first pair. The first pair was really too small, but I wore them all last summer anyway because I liked them so much.  The first pair had smooth leather. The second pair has a suede leather which is fine, but I did prefer the smooth.  This pair fits perfectly.
B008N7H654 Very comfortable! I bought these online, always scary for me.  But this is the second pair of shoes I've bought online and each pair has fit great!  Bought these based on the size of the last pair I bought online.  They fit better than a different pair of shoes I bought last week in the store... and I tried those on!I put these on for the first time today around noon and just took them off 11 hours later and they were comfortable the whole time. I'm very satisfied!
B008VPU0GK my favorite all-round This is my second pair. Wore the first pair every day including work around the ranch a number of times. Good support and thorns don't penetrate any part of them unlike most cheap box store hiking boots. Require a lot of water exposure for any penetration. Very comfortable.My go to daily work boot.
B008VPU0GK pretty good with adjustment By not lacing the first loop the boots are pretty comfortable. If they wear out I would consider another pair.
B008VPU0GK Bootiful!! This is my second pair of these boots. First pair lasted 5 years, soles are now a little thin and letting moisture through. Most comfortable boots I've ever worn.
B008VPU0GK Love the boots so much that I'm buying a second pair I bought this for my boyfriend before a hiking trip on the Big Island. He tried on a LOT of shoes at local sporting goods stores before we came across this gem (but we had to buy it online since his size was out of stock). These boots are perfect-- lightweight yet durable and with soles sturdy enough to block out even the rockiest terrains. What I liked best about the shoes was that you do NOT need to break them in! They were comfortable even after our first hike. Sadly, the boots got very muddy during our vacation, and my attempts to clean them completely failed. Thankfully these boots are way more affordable than what we came across in the stores, so buying a second pair won't break the bank.
B008ZBPGFU earthkeepers shoe fits as expected. they fit so well i bought another pair. buyer is A+. i buy another pair if some one stold it off on my feet.
B0090X4EJQ Great buy! Perfect shoes for working in a restaurant!  This is the second pair I have bought in 2 years. I have not ever had a pair of shoes last this long while standing and walking around in them 40-60 hours a week. Thanks!
B0090X4EJQ good shoes very comfortable and good quality. Needed almost no break in time this is my second pair of Timberline shoes  and will soon order another pair of the same brand probably the Boat shoe.
B0090X4EJQ FRAUD ALERT! Dunham Sold as Timberland!! I bought a pair of the actual timberland shoes last year, which was the basis tof my first review.I got a very rude shock when I opened the box and saw a piece of c**p imitation of the advertised product.WHAT A RIP-OFF! FRIGGIN CROOKS!!Review on Previous pair bought:Excellent pair of shoes. A bit tight for size 10 which I bought. However, it fit my dad perfectly, and the quality is really great. I'm actually a bit jealous of him, and plan to get a pair for myself. I plan to get the wide fit next time though.
B0090X4EJQ Very Comfortable Good looking and very comfortable - I highly recommend these!  First pair of Timberland's I've bought, but I'll surely be buying more.
B009DL0YD0 2nd pair! Very comfortable, true to size, easy to break-in, have worn out the 1st pair, hope Timberland doesn't change the style or stop making these, I rotate shoes daily, these are a favorite.
B009OL2L94 SO Comfy i never own a pair of Timberlands. So I want and research about them just had a baby a year ago so my feet grow. I needed a pair of boots that are extremely comfy. My brother works for Starbucks and were his happily. So why not myself since we're both on our feet all day. Bought the pair and received them on time. Why i didn't want a pair of Timberlands the heavy foot. These are light LIGHT like sneakers. I'm in love Thank YOU!
B009PNJW5C Awesome boots, ordered an extra pair! Rugged, durable, and stylish! I have had my pair for more than two weeks and I like them so much that I ordered another set of these in black. I will probably purchase the blue and green pairs as well. These boots are worth the money.
B009PNJW5C best boots Got one pair of these for work in the winter, there is water everywhere and I needed something tough enough to last the season and keep the elements out. I loved them so much I got another pair to wear everyday. runs half size large
B009PNJW5C helcor boots This boot fits about half a size to big but very satisfied. I am so satisfied I will be ordering a second pair less than a week that I received my 1st pair .
B009PNJW5C Love these boots Comfortable and easy. Wore them on a wet soccer field the first day and simply rinse them with a hose and they're clean and as good as new. I'll pick up a black pair at some point.
B009PWFKY0 Favorite Sunglasses in a long time!!! Bought a pair off Groupon & lost within 2 weeks!! Liked them so much I had to come to Amazon to find another pair.I like the pouch that comes with these.
B00AQMB9O8 Good quality at the right price The quality and comfort of this brand makes these boots a good choice .second pair of boots we buy for our daughter, first pair lasted her for 1 1/2 year until these didn't fit her anymore.
B00AW7M97S Cute boots This is my third pair of Timberland boots in the last month or so and I don't know why I hadn't bought a pair before now. I just happen to be looking for a cute pair of boots on Amazon and stumbled upon these first. I eyed them for a while but then found the Savin Hill Tall and bought those at a great price. I liked the fit and quality of those so much that when Amazon had 30% off shoes, I bought these. I haven't worn them yet but tried them on and they seem to fit true to size. I love the look and they're good quality. Oh, btw, the third pair were the Mt Hope Mid boots which I really like. I'm officially a Timberland fan.
B00AW7RBGC Perfect! I received these boots for Christmas from my Mom.  I love them!  I have never had a more comfortable pair of boots.  I have had so many compliments on them.  My boss loved them so much, she order her a pair exactly like them.  I hope to buy them in brown soon.
B00AW8HF9Y Beautiful, subtle boot I wanted a pair of riding boots that were stylish, but not overwhelming. I can dress them up or down without a problem. They're comfortable: I had broken them in in about a day. I'm normally a size 7.5, and after reading the reviews I got an 8 medium.They're also incredibly sturdy and as good as a pair of galoshes (but warm and comfortable). I've worn them puddle-jumping in NYC this winter for the alst two weeks and they've held up beautifully. What an awesome, comfortable, versatile pair of boots.
B00AW8J5RE I love these boots I was having foot problems from inappropraite footwear and finally ordered thses boots as I in the past wore the work boots .  These boots are narrower and run a tad bit small.  I ordered 1/2 size larger.  They are so comfortable that this is my second pair and currently searchining the holiday deals for another pair at a great price!
B00AW8JL0A good quality these boots look exactly like they do online.  they are a little snug in the width though but not too bad where I need to return. since they are waterproof that makes them even more versatile.  I would recommend these boots. I ordered a pair of earthkeepers last year that I was pleased with and decided to order another pair this year.
B00AZPO1BY These grew on me! At first wasn't sure I made the right choice when they got here, but so glad I got these. They have become my favorite pair. Most comfortable shoes I have owned, feels like walking on air. They look great with Khakis, corduroy and jeans! I wear this for the office everyday and love the fact there are no laces and can slip in and out with ease. This is a quality shoe and will buy it again once this pair is decommissioned but don't expect that to be soon. I'm thinking of buying a second pair just in case. These fit true to size for me.
B00AZPQV6C Great pair of dressier casual boots Very comfortable, proper width for a 2E foot, and can be worn all day without trouble.  They look good with dress pants or jeans and are rather light.  I liked them enough to order a second pair.
B00AZPQV6C inconsistent build and sizing These boots could easily fetch 4 stars. They are sturdy and felt nice when I tried them on...but.However they lack consistency in quality and size.First pair, the tongue on the left boot was sewn in crooked and would not lay flat or evenly, and not just by a little... by a lot.Amazon Prime happily sent me a second pair when I marked the first pair as defective (Thank you amazon!)Got the Second pair, well built...tongue not pulled completely to the side... then tried them on to check the fit. Not sure what clown supply store Timberland made these for, but that's the first thought that came to mind when I discovered they were at least two sizes too big. Not in width mind you, just length.  Timberland's 10.5 seem more like a 12-12.5 (see uploaded photo in product gallery)Needless to say Amazon will be getting two pair of boots back.Seems like the sizing is completely haywire with this batch of boot from Timberland, and may not be consistent through out out the size range. You may want to order a size smaller...
B00B7FGQDM Uncorfortable I bought timberland because the last pair was the most comfortable pair I have ever had. This pair really bindsat the top 2 rungs of the boot.
B00B7H74CC Great buy They are so comfortable. I really like them. I am thinking about getting a second pair. Money was well spent. Great buy!!!
B00B9PM56C First pair of Timberlands ever I've heard my co-workers talk and talk and talk about Timberland boots. But up until this brutal winter, i never thought about them. However, with the cold days unending, I felt I needed a back up pair of winter boots, since my job exposes me to all kinds of weather, much of it inclement. My wife, who has a knee problem, purchased a pair and sang their praises to the heavens. So I bit the bullet and purchased (after reading a lot of reviews), these. I can't be happier. These are comfortable right out of the box, warm (with the right pair of socks) and sturdy on the ice and snow I'm currently tromping through. Totally happy with these. I may have to think about Timberlands when my current normal weather work boots wear out.
B00B9Q34Y8 No breaking-in required Shoes fit perfectly from the first time on.  This is the third pair of Timberland's I bought that did that.  They are good quality material and perform as described.
B00B9U37LO I love these boots! I bought these because of the way the treads on the heel reminded me of shark teeth. I've slipped and fallen on ice twice in the month of February 2014 and I needed a boot that would help me overcome my fear of falling a third time. My knees can't take anymore punishment! Well, I haven't had the chance to wear these in heavy snow or ice conditions yet, but I'm writing this reveiw anyway because I want people to know how light weight and comfortable these boots are. Another nice surprise is that they came with two sets of laces. One was blue like the laces in the picture. The second pair of laces are black with nearly invisible blue threading. I opted for lacing up with the black set and the shoes are a little more subtle, which Iike. I'd buy a second pair in another color in a heart beat.
B00BCJV7H8 4 stars Because at first my shoes were two different colors but amazon sent a new pair the next day. So I choose 4 stars because I had to reship my packet for  a new pair, when I expected to get the right shipment the first time around.
B00BCJV7J6 Best boots ever! I've never purchased Timberland brand before but they have converted me. I am a diabetic with sensitive foot issues & walk with a cane. This is the first pair of leather boots that I've had that haven't leaked, despite numerous slushy puddles. I feel confident walking on slippery sidewalks with these on. In fact, with the horrendous winter we've had, I'm planning on ordering a 2nd pair to switch off. My husband is on his feet & works outdoors; he ordered his first pair of "Tims" & is so thrilled with their performance that he's planning on getting a 2nd pair as well.
B00E41TUI4 Great fit I have been looking for a comfortable hiker in black to wear to work.  I wear them pretty much all the time.  I was pleasantly surprised when I put them on for the first time.  They actually made my feet feel great.  I know that sounds like a commercial but they did.  I had been wearing a new pair of boots from another company that I usually like but they had pressure points from the seams which hurt my feet.  Also, the other day we had torrential down pours and my feet stayed dry as I walked through the deep and unavoidable puddles.  This isn't the first pair of Timberland hikers I have had, but they are a different style from my last ones.  With those, I was a repeat customer and still have the last pair since they are so comfortable so I still use them in the woods.
B00E41Y0E8 They're off the hook They fit as expected and really comfortable, i can wear them all day everydayI highly recommend them, i'm going to buy another pair
B00E5TU5AM NOT WHAT YOU WOULD EXPECT I DONOT LIKE TO WRITE REVIEWS OF PRODUCTS I BUY BUT THIS PURCHASE SCREAMED FOR ONE. THE FIRST PAIR OF THESE I WORE AT THE END OF THE DAY HAD A HOLE IN ONE SOCK. THE SECOND PAIR MADE THE DAY WITHOUT HOLES BUT DURING WASHING THEY CAME OUT AS BABY SIZE. SHRUNK. THAT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF
B00EHHKWMS So comfortable!! This is my second pair of Timberland work shoe. It is very comfortable which is why I gave it a five stars. I would buy another pair in a flash!!  My only complaint with the first pair is that the stitching had torn on the left shoe and the leather completely came apart from the sole. I had it for about two years.  I think I can take it to a shoe repair place and have it sewn back together.  Otherwise, it's the best deal thru Amazon. Zappos was about $20 more.
B00GNZFWA4 if you have foot pain buy timberland pro boots. The most comfortable boots I have ever had. I use to have foot pain after working all day on my feet. This is my third pair and all that I can hope is that they timberland continues to make the pro line of boots. I have actually never worn a pair out either. I usually just want a new pair every year and a half or so.
