B000073TM3 fit perfect This item fit perfect for my son little feet and he was happy with his new shoes so that made me happy
B000073TM3 Great Fit!! Great shoe!! Bought them for my 9th grader. She says they fit perfect and is getting another pair for her birthday.
B000073TM3 Great Love my boot, perfect fit great price. No crease. Yayy!!! I'm so excited because I always have problem buying feetware on-line.
B00009WM7J Perfect for women with little feet !!! I know these are sold for boys, but I wear a 8 (sometimes 8.5) in women's and these are great.  I bought a size 6.5 and they fit with plenty of room.  They are also extremely comfortable for boots.  I cannot wait to wear these through the Michigan winter and see how they hold up!
B00009WM7J Perfect It was what i expectorad ! Really good Job! Everything came out really gol just that is a lil bit bigger because I'm 7Y but I picked them 7M but it's perfect
B00009WM7J perfect I love it! Shoe can as expected. Shipping was fast. Will be buying more from this seller in the future
B00009WM7J Love Perfect! 7y fits my 9 ladies feet great. Cheaper than ladies size. Sucks that the weather is warming up :(I got mine from tip top shoes n they came brand new.
B00009WM7J perfect The product was brand new, everything was like described, they are really looking good and are warm as well, the perfect winter shoe
B00009WM7J perfect~ So comfortable and durable. Arrived in two days and I'm highly satisfied. I wear a size 7 in man's but got the 6.5 in kids.... You save lots of $$$$.
B00009WM7J Perfect Fit & Look These boots are great! My daughter loves them! She has always wanted Timbs like her Dad so now she has them!
B00009WM7J It is perfect. I am a Chinese girl, it's hard for me to buy a boot because of the size. I wear size 36(EU), but this size 3.5M(big boy) fit me perfect. I love this boot, and it's more cheaper than that in China(it should cost 1400RMB to buy this boot in China).
B00009WMIH perfect Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas...they were much cheaper than in the store and are legit and perfect. He loves them!
B0000AFSX4 Perfect and durable Item was shipped quickly and great packaging. It was in perfect condition and the product was received as described. It looks perfect and fits just right my son really enjoys protective shoe as he stomps around in them.  I would definitely use this seller again for any other items I might come across.
B0000AFSX4 timberlands It was jus what I expected even tho I wasn't sure on how they would run they fit perfect I'm very pleased!
B0000AFSX4 Love them They fit perfectly and look very nice... I like the colour and everything about those shoes. We live in Iceland so they are perfect for the weather here.
B0000AFSX4 Amazing I bought a size 7 and I wear a 9 in women's and they fit perfectly. I have searched for these for a while at a reasonable price and these were perfect! will definitely buy from them again!!
B0000AFSYY Great shoes Bought these for my wife.  She could nto be happier.  She can wear kid sizes so these were perfect for her.
B0000DFAXV They are the greatest Its hard to fine womens work boots.  These were perfect, great fit comfortable.  Hard to find elsewhere  I will be buying them again.
B0000DFAXV Perfect fit- exactly what I was looking for! Perfect fit-  exactly what I was looking for in this boot! I would recommend this to anyone considering purchasing this type of boot.
B0000DFAXV Timberland Women's I was somewhat surprised but delighted that my boots  fit perfect. I will definitely shop Amazon for the things always
B0000DFAXV perfect The size is perfect for me, and everything is the same that I expected. It is very comfortable. strong recommendation.
B0000DFAXV Perfect quality, fast delivery Shoes are perfectly fits. Usually it's quite hard for me to chooze the size correctly, but your saze chat helped me not to make a mistake. The quality appeared to be as expected perfect and I'm happy to have my new shoes)
B0000DFAXV Love these timbs! Gonna order another pair soon! Perfect timing on delivery! Boots look great! They were for my daughter she has been bugging me since last year now she has them thanks to amazon!
B0001CNJ9Q Perfect! Even though my baby hasn't worn these yet... They are very nice!! I got them to match ours!! Going to take a family pic in these!!
B000AKVBFI The perfect all purpose boot The perfect boot for the sporty look, giving you both strong support for your foot while able to perform in activities.
B000ANSG9Y Perfect Great, I loved this Slip-ons as soon as I tried them on, I would recommend them to any men that likes classic style. Perfect. By the way, it was true to size for me.
B000BB15ZC Loved it ! I love these boots! I bought them for my hubby and they look great, fit perfect and were true to size
B000BB15ZC Missing liner Love the boots and fit was perfect. Only problem was 1 of the boots was missing the bottom liner or insert.
B000BFIHVS Perfect snow shoe Very light weight and comfortable while walking. The toe movement is perfect with this current design which doesn't hurt leg.
B000BFIHVS Perfect! They are a bit to large, but that's fine since then I can wear thick socks!They are perfect for me!!!
B000BFIHVS Fit was perfect I bought these for my brother because he wanted Timberlands.  I did not realize when I ordered these that they were the exact same style as he already had in black (THESE ARE BROWN).  However, since he was with me when I ordered them, he should have known.  Anyway, he decided to keep them and just use his old ones for work boots and the new ones for everything else.  They did fit perfect and looked ;pretty good and all of the other styles were alot more money, so I think it's a great buy and a great boot for the money.
B000BFIHVS The Perfect Winter Boot Shipping was EXTREMELY fast, and these Timberland's are perfect. A lot of today's boots have too much mesh and not enough old school tough leather. These boots are tough,rugged,stylish and most importantly comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Perfect fit Fit my son perfect..As picky as he is, he had no complaints. Only positive comments. He said comfortable,  warm and just right.
B000BFIHVS Timberland white ledge Shoes size are never perfect. But it was good enough. Sometimes it just takes time until you settle in them.
B000BFIHVS Fit perfect and very light I bought this shoes for my 18 son and they were perfect and very light, and comfortable. He love them
B000BFIHVS Just recieved them Haven't had much of a chance to wear them yet but they fit perfect. This is my first pair of Timberland's so if they stand up I will be buying them again. They were recommended to me because they do last.
B000BFIHVS Perfect Best work boots I have owned. They are a perfect fit. I'm on my feet 16 hours a day a no pain.
B000BFIHVS Nice boot! These timberline boots are light weight and comfortable too. Fits a tad snug but did stretch in a few weeks...now fits perfect!....I ordered exact size and they are great!
B000BFIHVS Timberland Shoes fit nice but a little stiff compared to my old.  Size was perfect nothing like a good pair of Timberland boots.
B000BFIHVS Perfect Fit perfect and just in time for the snow. Everything as expected. Feet are warm and dry now. Look good too
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot The boots were all that I hoped for and more. The size was perfect and I will not hesitate to order similar products on line.
B000BFIHVS Great boots This is my 3rd pair and the fit / comfort is perfect. No break in period needed.  I highly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Great shoes They're not much different than my old ones, but they are incredibly comfortable.  I'm doing a hiking trip this summer, so they will be perfect.  Timberlands last forever.
B000BFIHVS just as expected I got them for my father who had had the same boots before so they were just perfect for work, which was the purpose.
B000BFIHVS great deal Boots were as expected, great quality, warm and size was perfect. very fast shipping too. the only thing missing as far as tags were care instructions.
B000BFIHVS My wonderful new Timberlands I was hisitant to buy shoes on line.  But with the free returns I thought iI's try it. Perfect fit.  Very happy with these work boots.  I wear them every day, no real break in period required.
B000BFIHVS Just as expected Perfect fit perfect shoes this is the second time I've baught these got work in a factory I will buy again
B000BFIHVS it is perfect to me, I hope the same to you it is perfect to me, I hope the same to you,and it is sell by Ama***,The guarantee of confidence .&#22909;&#30340;
B000BFIHVS Perfect Shoe for the Urban Hiker Comfortable right from the box, these are fantastic boots.  Good quality, lightweight, great fit and nicely priced.  I love these boots.  Thanks, Amazon.
B000BFIHVS perfect Perfect he loved them, they fit great and shipped quick . will go on this site again for more great buys
B000BGMMZ4 Perfect! These shoes are great. I bought them  because i needed something rugged that looked nice too. I am not disappointed at all.
B000G1Z9XG Great buy There really comfortable shoes , but I was expecting a little more cushion for the insoles just a little thicker would have made them the perfect buy
B000G21BSC Great hiking shoes Sturdy, light and comfy at the same time, perfect to fit my needs. Also seem adequately waterproof though not tested to the full at this point.
B000G21BSC LOVE These were a perfect fit. The service was fast and on time. I am really pleased that I bought them for a Christmas present.
B000G21BSC great boots I always loved timberland boots was looking for ones that I had before and wala their they were  was delivered on time , and fit perfect
B000G23DQK perfect came on time, within like 2 days, im satisfied and im happy with the order made, just buy a size up
B000G23DQK like These were perfect! Saved almost 80 dollars and was fast shipping they are confortable perfect for this winter.  These arnt arnt everyday shoe for me but they work.
B000G23DQK Perfect. These are the best. Hubby now has 3 pairs and LOVES them. He HIGHLY recommends these.
B000G23DQK One of my favorite pair of boots. I didn't know how it would fit but it's perfect. The outside is scuff proof with a little shine to it..I'm getting a lot of compliments too.
B000G23DQK Love the boots, perfect size. Perfect size, perfect color. Dream boots for a tourist to use just to for special occasions such as clubbing or raining day.
B000G23DQK perfect winter boots very smooth leather, nice looking and comfortable during all day. maybe the best match in this price category. recommend to all
B000G23DQK the perfect boot I wear nothing but timberland and the quality is still the same I recommend the boots they are top of the lline
B000G23DQK Perfect it's just 100% fit my foot, what a great boot! And I think I will buy one more next year.
B000G23DQK great theyre the perfect color and fit we love them.the soles are great for the ice during the cold winter months
B000G23DQK hell yeah I got Prime so it really came in 2 business days, ordered actual size and was perfect fit, Get Prime!!
B000G23DQK The best! Perfect fit, very comfortable, just as pictured!  They are perfect for any weather and look great with jeans! I would buy these again!
B000G23DQK Perfect shoes Perfect shoes, quality of workmanship is very good, looks very strong. Suitable for outdoor use.Warm and good, but unfortunately a little too heavy.
B000G23X74 great shoe shoes fit well. i like them. get compliments often. very comfortable. the 2e size is perfect because.. well it just is.
B000G24LJS Perfect My husband has wanted these shoes for years and he couldn't be happier with them. The fit is perfect and they look great!
B000G24LJS Perfect I have been looking for these shies for a long time and finally found them. I wore them the day after getting them in the mail. Loved them and got compliments on them.
B000G24LJS Perfect all around! Shoe Mart Inc and Amazon. Beyond amazing! Order place yesterday (7/8) and here they are (8/8). Free shipping and FEDEX no less. I am impressed, totally happy and pleased. Thanks. ****"Perfect product on top of the this. Fit well and are extremely well made. Thanks a lot, Shoe Mart Inc.
B000G24LJS Perfect It's Just what I wanted and it fit perfect only thing is that I can't where it with sock .
B000G24LJS I've always wanted a pair of these... I really love these shoes so far... They are a little long for me but the width is perfect.  I'm wearing them now and am very satisfied!
B000JOE9X6 Project53 These boots are beautiful. They are a perfect fit, and they are very comfortable. I can't wait to wear them, it' not cold enough yet. The top also unfolds, so you can wear them either folded down, or up.
B000MQL2TK My favorite sock to wear but I wouldn't mind if it was a few dollars cheaper What a terrific sock!  Perfect amount of "snugness" for my feet.  The thickness and the overall feel of the sock is just perfect.  I use them for lounging and for the gym/jogging.  I told my friend I was writing a review of a sock and she said:"A pair of awesome socks really does up one's quality of life"This is that sock.  If it was a few dollars cheaper it would be the perfect sock!
B000VI8UX0 perfect fit this timberland shoes are perfect for every thing, school, party, dinners. I buy them every year for my two boys
B000VI8UX0 Perfect for back to school I needed a pair a shoes for my son to go back to school and these are perfect.  They are durable, well designed, and comfortable. I would definitely recommend them.
B000VI8VBG love it perfect for my 6 year old, amazon always comes to the rescues  when local stores cant....thank you  From a happy mom ;)
B000VQ9QKS Great pick Love them.  Comfortable.  Fit perfect without even trying them on.  Waterproof!!!most important, and warm.  Perfect when I walk the dog.
B000VQ9QKS Perfect I bought these boots to go geocaching in. They were a perfect fit, they look great and I particularly like with waterproof aspect to them, since I often walk up and down creeks. They are also great on steep inclines.
B000VQ9QKS INLOVE I LOVE these boots. Its different for everyone but they came in perfect packaging, on time, they fit perfect and the over all quality is tip top. Extremely waterproof. I live in the Olympic Peninsula of Washington and its wet 99.9% of the time here so i needed the perfect boot to be wet all the time and not break me. If your contemplating getting these just stop and buy them their WELL WORTH THE MONEY :)
B000VQ9QKS Perfect for the price and light hikes. Perfect for the price and light hikes. I loved the details and the colors. The fit and comfort are fabulous.
B000VQBPOS perfect beautiful and very comfortable!nice to get these shoes for Christmas.I bought them for a holiday in Jerusalem.I am very pleased)
B000VQBPOS Perfect Work Boot I needed a tough yet casual looking work boot that's lightweight.  These boots are so versatile ... they can get away with a business casual look ... a sporty look ... and are perfect with denims.  They hug your feet snugly and have the support you need.  I love them so much that I don't mind owning one in every color available!
B000VW69IY I love em Just happen to be wearing them as I write this review.  They look great!  They are very comfortable, and the size I ordered were perfect!
B000VW69IY not a perfect fit i ordered an8 but i got an 8 w which fit loose n i dont intend to pay shipping to send it back. i will just have to let my husband wear it with socks duriing the summer . i am disappointed in the fit.
B000VW69IY Excellent Quality, Perfect Fit. I wear an 8.5M and the size was perfect. The quality is there and the shoe was comfortable right out of the box.Would recommend this product if you're looking a nice fit, comfort, and quality at a reasonable price.
B000VX01V4 Just What i needed Love them!!!!!Classic shoe, a must have in my wardrobe!!!!So comfortable, stylish, good looking and perfect sizing.Timberland quality in shoes is out of discussion
B000VX01V4 Classy I'm getting a lot of questions about it. Fits perfect! recommended it to anyone who wants to try. thank you
B000VX03GC GREAT! Shoes were exactly what he needed and they fit him perfect!! He walked for 4 days in New York City in the wet & cold without getting even one blister!! EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS!!
B000VX03GC perfect fit I was looking for Gore Tex insulated boots.  These are not they, but they are waterproof and the closest I could find.
B000VX03GC Great Boots the boots where everything i expected perfect fit comfortable well made they deserved the 5 star rating at a good price.
B000VX03GC Perfect fit Buying shoes online is always a gamble. These boot fit exactly as I hoped. They need to be broken in somewhat. I am sure they will last many years.
B000VX03GC boots Fast shipping, A+, identical to the old boots that were worn out.  Perfect replacement!
B000VX03GC Perfect!! very comfortable shoes!!I use them in Patagonia and are perfect, 100% waterproof.My next purchase will be the same ( maybe in 5 years)
B000VX03GC Very satisfied Very comfortable boot for hiking at a reasonable price. I hope they are as durable as they are comfortable. Fit was perfect.
B000VX04DO Great Shoe I really needed them for work. Finding these boots in my size wasn't easy, but these are perfect. Thanks alot.
B000X46MOQ Timberland PRO The Timberland PRO is the most comfortable,  light work boot I have ever owned.  I have a wide foot and the boxy toe is perfect.  I wear them every day. I wish the company made inner soul replacements for their boots.  I Prefer a liner that is perfect and is made for the boot.  I don't want to buy an inner soul and have to trim it down to size.  So if Timberland sold the inner souls that are made for their boots I would be in heaven.
B000XEAA0S Perfect fit from day one Was a bit worried about the fit but after day one, great fit.
B000XEAPDA Perfect work boot These boots are perfect to work in. They fit comfortably and are very lightweight. Likely the only boot I will every buy again.
B000XEAPDA TOUGH STUFF This boot is perfect for all forms of work. They are a lot lighter than I expected and really are what I needed. I am on my feet in an industrial environment and these really help me.
B000XEIZ7S Perfect My sons loves his new boots. Perfect size, sturdy and a good looking boot! You can't go wrong with Timberland!
B000XEJ9V4 Great present. Very nice. Got these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves them. Fits perfect and states they are extremely comfortable.
B000XEJ9V4 Perfect! Ordered these for my son. He does a lot of outdoor activities and he says these boots are perfect for him! They keep his feet warm and are very comfortable even after wearing them all day. Highly recommend!!
B000XEJ9V4 perfect boot I like it, perfect boot, warm and comfortable, but color is deeper than pic on amazon.it is well bargain at so low price. now the price is up.
B000XEKHOC Excellent Fit Most shoes takes a while to fit your foot this shoe came out of the box as a perfect fit!
B000XEKHOC FANTASTIC!! These are my first pair of Timberlands and I am very impressed. Look great and super comfortable. As soon as I put theses puppies on, they were the perfect fit - no wearing them in and no blisters.
B000XEKHOC Great work boot I couldn't find these anywhere local and Sears was out. I took a chance here and they were cheaper then Sears and fit perfect. The boots last but the laces need constant replacement.
B000XEKIUK Perfect Shoes I but it as a gift to my father. It is warm on his foot,he very like it and I feel perfect
B000XEKIUK great boot My daughter wanted with good tread and waterproof . She loves them . She says they are comfortable too.  I was worried about them not fitting right . Perfect fit .
B000XEKIUK Perfect!!! they are very good made last for ever i will buy it again.!!! i recommend it to everybody with confident .
B000XEKIUK Boots The boots were a perfect fit.  The price was great and it was nice to find the right size available.
B000XEKIUK A perfect gift!!! I bought this pair of timberland to my farther and He loves it.  Everything is just perfect. I would absolutely recommend this to my friends.
B000XEKIUK Perfect experience Delivered ahead of schedule and in the Timberland box.  Package not crushed or damaged.  Just like it was pulled right off the shelf.  Boots fit perfectly.
B000XEKIUK Great fit and comfortable We purchased these boots for our teenage son who will be using them for work this summer.  Fit was perfect and they are very comfortable and durable so far.  The only issue we had was that one of the shoe laces was missing an eglet when the boots arrived.  Amazon didn't have a replacement for the laces, so they generously credited us so that we could purchase a replacement set of laces.
B000XEKIUK Perfect work boots! The boots are perfect!Even at -15 degrees Celsius using a simple thin sock and do not feel the cold!Weight shoe certainly felt, but it's not critical.
B000XEKK94 Timberland norm. Fast break in, comfortable, tough and they look good. Would give a perfect ranking but I gotta wear em for a while to decide on that.
B000XEKK94 perfect boot, recommend It looks brilliant and fashionable, my friends and collegues all love them, but the price is a little bit high
B000XEKK94 Perfect! I bought these boots for serious hiking and as soon as I took them out of the box I could see that they were equal to the task.  These boots were a perfect fit and comfortable from the first time I put them on.  They are sturdy and durable; exactly what I need.
B000XEKK94 perfect They came in a timely manner perfect fit ,wear them to work everyday for about 8hrs and dont boyher me one bit ,love them gettin another pair soon :-) probably the pit boss ones this time
B000XEKK94 Perfect The shoe is perfect in all aspect. When I ordered I was worried about the size. It fits exactly. I'm very happy!
B000XEKK94 Perfect Husbands boots were terribly worn out so decided to get them for him.Great boot, well made, perfect for any kind of work.
B000XELF3O Perfect ! These boots are perfect, they always make a comfortable, arch supporting, durable boot. The brown color is nice for a long lasting finish.
B000XELF3O thank you The boots were a great buy at a wonderful price they arrive on the day that was est the fit was perfect very good work boots
B000XELF3O perfect! BOUGHT THEM FOR MY HUBBY N WERE PERFECT THANKS ! HE ABSOLUTELY LOVED THEM FOR WORK! VERY NICE LOOKING ALSO!
B000XELF3O perfect Perfect fit and quite comfortable. Also perfect for working on construction sights. I would recommend these boots to my friends.
B000XELF3O Excelent The first days were hard but now they are perfect, do not change the brand Timberland.  I have used several brands but Timberland boots is the best.
B000XELF3O Perfect Fit I chose the 5 star rating because of the whole experience.They came fast.They fit perfectly and they had extra wide sizes.I love them and where them everyday at work.I have always had to get wider shoes/boots because of my feet and have had problems in the past finding shoes/boots that fit.Not anymore.Great boot.
B000XELF3O Perfect My fiance usually buys these from Sears, I suggested he check Amazon, and he found the same boot for way less. These boots are perfect for a busy mechanic.
B000XELF3O perfect boot perfect service This is the third pair of these boots i have gotten.I work alot of hours on my feet everyday. Comfortable and rugged.
B000XELF3O Great mood This boot is rugged fits well very comfortable was delivered on time and professionally perfect for contractors who have a wider foot
B000XELF3O Great product! Recommended! The item came somewhat earlier than expected but it was totally ok with me. It came at the most perfect time. The boots look great and damn sleek, felt very comfy. The best thing was the wide fitting it had. It was perfect for me because i have wide feet. I really love it. Luckily i bought a half size bigger, usually i wear a size 9.5US. The size fits perfect with thick socks. Just the way i like it. Perfect for my job!
B000XELF3O boots perfect as usual.Fit well and very supportive. Love these boots.Will always purchase this exact boot for work.I recommend them.Thank you.
B000XELF3O Perfect work boot The fit is great. they are the perfect work boot. I can always trust that Timberlands are a great quality.
B000XELF3O Perfect shoe Got these boots for my nephew and they fit him perfect.  These are the best pair of work boots he has ever had
B000XETJU0 Love these boots Boots were great. Just as expected! Bought these for my sons and they were perfect. Fit and style are right on
B000XETJU0 perfect fit Perfect sizing and they are really nice boots. My son loves them. I did waterproof them when I received them and so far so good.
B000XETJU0 Every OK The boots arrived safely in perfect condition, the probe me, shod perfect.Even I do not use as it is summer here.
B000XETJU0 Awesome boots Bought these for my husband, he is a contractor and works outdoors a lot. He says the fit is perfect and they keep his feet plenty warm. I will update the review after more wear, but for now he says these are perfect.
B000XETJU0 For you women that want to buy your honey the right boot! Took a shot in the dark with these boots because of the reviews and PERFECT! He loved them and they fit perfect!!! Yay Me!
B000XETJU0 Great boot Normally wear a 12 ordered a 11.5 and were perfect. A little tough breaking in but getting the job done.
B000XETJU0 I like it  very much! so perfect!The price is good.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fit as expected!I will inturdus  to eathers, This shoes can wear a long time,you can fill comfortball1
B000XETU1I Less support than I was expecting. I have bought other Timberland shoes before that fit perfect, so I assumed that if I bought the same size, they would fit.  I had to buy a pair of inserts to put in them.
B000XETU1I awesome boots!! Very happy with the boots  fit perfect im usually a size 11 but got a size 10.5 n fit perfect
B000XEVLF6 Great safety sneakers. They arrived today, 2 day delivery on the nose, and look and fit perfect.  Very pleased.  First time buyer for shoes online, always had to try on to be sure, but ordered the same size as my regular sneaks and though they are by a different company, the sizes are the same, Good fit...
B000XEVLF6 3rd Time Around This is the 3rd pair (same size/same model) purchased for work The fit is perfect everytime and the shoe wears extremely well compared to other shoes purchased for other employees.
B000XEVM50 Perfect for me Very comfortable, good grip, i wear it in office setting.It's got more design than usual shoes but I like it.  Also very low key in black color.I wear 11 in Nike Shox and Keen boots.The boot runs a little large i would say.Order half size lower in wide, worked out fine for me.I ordered 10.5E fits perfect.
B000XEVM8W Perfect all weather work shoe! These are an amazing all weather work shoe. The leather upper is high and the tread is amazing.These fit perfect and came to Australia in great time and condition.I fully recommend this product and would purchase again as I have worn them nearly everyday since arrival as it has been a lil wet here of late.
B000XEVM8W Perfect These shoes are perfect I love them there not to big and they still protect my toes while working around driving trucks!
B000XEW60K Perfect comfort but........ This Pro 53534 is a perfect fit and as a matter of fact my knee hurts less by wearing these shoes. I don't wear them for construction , they are an every day shoe for me. The hard toe helps maintain the shape.....However, I was disappointed by the fact that they scuff so easily. The scuff is white.  I had to put a couple of layers of brown polish on the toes to dye the scratch. Other than that it is a great shoe.
B000XEW60K Great shoe I bought these shoes due to the fact that my job is requiring me to do more walking.  They are perfect in every way.  They are light enough not to cause fatigue but tough enough for my work.
B000XF04LM Perfect! As with all the Timberland PRO  I Have own the are just perfect. Great fit and ware can not say enough about this company. They are fantastic.
B000XF4D1Y great shoes Very comfortable, lightweight, sturdy, size is correct, description is accurate,  perfect for walking a job site all day and still dressy enough to wear to meetings
B000XR2W1U Great shoe Shoes fit perfect and very happy with the quick service.  I would recommend these to anyone. Price was better than our local store.
B000XR4IXA Perfect Is perfect for me, is very safe, i really love it, i dont have anything bad to say.I LOV IT
B000XXGMRO fit it is a perfect boot that my hus love it so much.size is perfect and the style is perfet. also reasonable price
B000XXGMRO Great boots, perfect size for wide feet I usually get size 13's because 12's in most shoes are too narrow.  The 12 W are perfect.  They fit great, perfectly roomy.  Love the style, very casual go with anything type of boot.  I've found that not tying up to the top two laces and using a over under lace style is best.  It gives room at the top of the boot when driving where ankle room is needed, and isn't as uncomfortable as lacing to the top.  Very secure and easier to take on and off without the top two.
B000XXGMRO The perfect boot. Absolutely perfect, they are exactly what I was looking for. A real basic boot. I wear them with wool socks and they keep my feet warm. I went one full size down from what I usually wear.
B000XXGMRO Good fit Perfect fit and it is light weight.Top purchase and I must say there should be more sales on Timberland boots and I bet more people will order it.
B000XXGMRO perfect great quality leather with a perfect fit; exactly as reviewed read; when soles wear, replacing because these are exceptional quality
B000XXGMRO Perfect boots The first on-line order .I like these pair very much,good appearing and quality, but unfortunately I've chose the wrong number, so it's too large for me~
B000XXGMRO Perfect These boots look really nice, I like them. I usually wear 11 in sneakers but I got these in 10.5 and they fit perfect and feel very comfortable to me! I would totally recommend these.
B000XXGMRO Great! Fit perfect , color is perfect. These are great I can't wait for nicer weather so I can wear them without ruining them
B000XXGMRO Perfect This boots are great! When the package came I was worried that it will not fit but tried on the boots and they are a perfect fit.
B000XXGMRO Great product! I received the package in a timely manner. The boots are comfortable and fit some what perfect (I have odd feet so nothing is really a perfect fit on my feet). A+
B000XXGMRO Perfect These boots were a gift for someone who normally wears a size 12; however after reading many reviews and seeing that this boot ran larger than normal, I ordered an 11.5 and they fit him perfect! They are very sharp boots and the fit (according to him) is very comfortable!
B000XXGMRO The perfect product Although the shoe is a little big, but other aspects are perfect, I love it. In the future, I will choose its other products.
B000XXGMRO Perfect Service My boots are perfect, the service was perfect. Thank You
B000ZK3X86 perfect little boat shoe Perfect little boat shoe.  Got the brown and it is a good color for all seasons.  The price was wonderful.  Brings back memories of high school.  Size is true to fit.
B0014EE3PE love the shoes! Came right away great brand new condition perfect size! Arrived on the first expected shipping date. Came with original box. Very proffesional. And a great deal as well. Thank u!
B0014EE3PE Loved them. I bought these boots for my granddaughter.  She loved them and said that they were perfect for the cold weather.
B0014EE3PE Good!! The boots are very confortables and fit ok in a child! Arrived on time. The size its perfect for a big kid. Thanks!
B001708FZE So beautiful I've just received them and they are so beautiful. perfect for WA weather. I'm normally a 7, but I ordered a 7,5.
B001760K56 Comfort from the start I read the reviews and decided to buy these boots - they were the style I was looking for.  From the first wearing, these are my favorite boots of all time.  I'm a 7.5/8 and from the reviews I decided to order a 7.5 -  PERFECT.  I have a very high arch and my feet never get tired.  No rubbing, shaft is adjustable, and the treads are perfect for Colorado winters.  A great all around boot.
B001760K56 THE Boots!!! This is the perfect pair of boots! Simple design, great quality (the leather is soft and rich). I ordered size 7.5 and it fits like a sock.
B001760K56 Perfect boots I looked for months to find the perfect boot that would go with leggings, jeans, and skirts. This is the boot! It's a little biker chick meets fashonista. I get compliments every time I wear them. The fit is true to size (perfect for a skinny leg) and it's so comfortable that I can wear them all day walking without any issues. The boots are definitely more casual because of the finish. I've tried dressing them up but it doesn't work, however I love these boots!
B001760K56 timberland women's lexiss street boot the boot is fab!!! color perfect,fits well, but i have the most juicy calfs from doing a lot of cardio be it at the gym or on the bike trail that it's impossible to get the perfect fit.this boot comes close enough that i am satisfied with the selection.the shaft could be wider but the fit is good enough.
B001760K56 perfect! I was nervous about ordering the right size for fear of paying big bucks to return them...I normally wear an 8.5 and that's what I ordered. They fit so perfect! They are exactly what I wanted and got them on sale-yeah!
B001760K56 These run large! Be aware of sizing... I initially ordered size 10, and they were way, way, WAY too long. Then I noticed that the tag said EU 42, which is actually US size 11. That made sense, because they fit like 11's. I considered the 9 wide but was worried that it would be sloppy around the heel and potentially too short in the toe box, so I ordered the 9-1/2 and it's a perfect 41. They are still a little long in the toe but I am happy with that as I usually have trouble with not enough toe room on the left. I have long narrow feet and long toes, and these are a perfect fit, and very very comfortable. Timberland seems to be one of the few bootmakers, along with El Naturalista, who does not assume that large feet means giant ankles. The leather is gorgeous and feels wonderful. These are a perfect match for my winter obsession with short sweater dresses and long leg-warmers!
B001760K56 Great boots These are perfect for my lifestyle when I travel to colder climates. They are also stylish, comfortable and easy to pack.
B001760K56 Absolutely Perfect. Oh ladies. I know we're all in search for the perfect Fall/Winter boot that can be dressed up or dressed down. Unfortunately we aren't all made the same way, BUUUT, if you are petite, chicken-leggy, or just a tad bit on the small side and are searching for well fitting boots that don't flop around at the top, these boots are for you. I'm 5'6", 130lbs, and these boots are perfect for my size. Order a half size down (I am usually a 7.5 but ordered a 7 and still have room for thick socks) and these go great with leggings or you can still fit your skinny jeans inside them. The foot IS a little long like some people say, but not anything ridiculous. They're soft and flexible and true to the color online.
B001760K56 Perfect Boot Bought this for my Girlfriend for Christmas. She looks great in them, they are warm and very well constructed. they fit a thinner calf very well.
B001760K56 the boots of the year perfect fit, the boots are very comfortable, once on they felt as I had walked in them for years already- Sturdy and fashionable. Wish they had my size in brown...... a total hit!
B001886UKM Perfect fit & ease These fit true to size.  the velcro strap is great for toddlers.  very durable too.
B00189QZBU Perfect Fits perfect. Classic shoe with good build quality. This is the 3rd pair of these that I've bought. Timberland makes good shoes.
B001ABTE7S Amazing price for Tims! My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price.  Amazon shipping was prompt as always, and the fit was perfect.
B001EWFEOK Perfect I shopped around a lot and I am completely happy with these. Light as a feather! Great support. Incredibly comfortable right out of the box. Kept my feet totally dry during a big rainstorm. Really well made. Perfect.
B001EWFF30 Perfect fit I was really worried about buying shoes online but these fit my boyfriend perfectly.  They came in really fast and they are very good looking. He has a really wide foot but the EE fit him great.
B001EWFF30 Just Perfect I'm a very difficult person when I'm buying shoes but these boots are amazing. Light, durable and comfortable. What else you can ask?
B001EWFF30 Perfect fit, rugged, well made Always very happy with this particular hiking boot, we buy them as gifts and extras to keep on hand while they are still available. All around great hiker.
B001FXZU92 Fast service... Perfect shoe The shoe is perfect... Fit just fine... Hoping it last long.. He goes through work boots so quickly and it gets expensive
B001FXZU92 Perfect working shoes Perfect shoes. You can't believe how comfortable is to work with these shoes. You don't afraid of walking anyware! Perfect, perfect.
B001GB379I perfect Perfect for my husband's work conditions. Packaging was adequate, comfortable for a steel toed work boot. Very good & durable material.
B001KOQ4EG Perfect fit Was worried that it wasn't a wide, but it is!!!!!  It is perfect.  Exactly what we were looking for. Thanks!
B001N6867E Great and I love them Fast and perfect what I was looking for and they had them. Will buy again. These are the best timberlands you can buy.
B001PBK87I perfect perfect. It's not my first time I order timberlend boots.  Really nice and feet good for work and all day wearing
B001RNOMQC Perfect! I ordered this pair of boots for my 3 years son. Perfect boots for a cold or even rainy day.In cold I mean autumn cold days, before you start wearing high boots. Perfect quality as it was expected. In a word it is TIMBERLAND!
B001S5X31E perfect These are the third pair I've had and I won't buy any other boot! They last long and are very comfortable
B001S5X31E Great deal Fit amazing they are so perfect exactly what I want out of a timberland they were cheaper than in tbe store but the quality was right on
B001SARJXC Perfect Just perfect as I expected.This is the third time I got Timberlands  boots and they are just perfect.Timberlands always fit my expectations.
B001SARJXC the perfect boots these boots are very comfortable and a perfect fit.  The order came quickly and it was exactly what I was looking for
B001SARJXC The Perfect Boot These boots fit like a glove and keep the cold and wet out.  They also look fancy, but tough enough to slosh through winter's worst.
B00261CDYW package delivered on perfect time, product was perfect package delivered on perfect time, product was perfect, the prize was exceptional, it has been a pity it fits somewhat large to me.
B00261CDYW Perfect fit! These shoes are a perfect fit to the size you would regularly wear.  I bought them for my husband and he lovessss them!!!!!! And they look just as wonderful as they do online!
B00295RJIU great business this is how i like to do business, professional reliable and truthful in delivering everything they said they would.  perfect
B00295RJIU Perfect I have a very high arch and these shoes still fit.  They are very comfortable and true to size.  I look forward to wearing them for a very long time.
B0029XG3OS Solid and Great Support The style is perfect, the fit is perfect.  the 8&#34; neck is necessary in this product line, because it prevents the fit becoming loose around the ankles where it is most needed.  i wear the boots daily and will follow up if they ever fail me
B002ASAJPG Perfect! Perfect fit. Had same pair before and best boots ever. We received when promised. Would definitely order again if needed
B002ASAKN2 Perfect Fit and No Break-In Needed Amazon facilitated a solution to a shipping challenge by setting up a conference call with UPS and it all worked out.  I will add that that I was on a tight headline, heading out to an overseas construction site in two days but Amazon customer support was outstanding.  Out of the box and day 1:  the boots are a perfect fit.  I am large framed 5'10&#34;, 250 lbs, fairly muscular build.  While I have body-built myself to this size, my feet have flattened in the process - meaning I have lost my arches.  That painful experience happened in 2010 and, during that year, my shoe size transformed from 10 Normal to 12 Wide.  The only shoes I could wear were Skechers Shape Ups.  Finding shoes of any kind has also been a challenge as I've had to figure out how to newly describe the size of my feet.  I purchased these Timberland Boots without trying them on and, repeating, the fit is perfect.  They are well padded, appropriately laced so you have good control of the fit, and they're not too heavy.  They also bend easily so they do not need to be broken in.  That's all I can say at the moment about these boots.  I think it would be good if Amazon enabled incremental follow-up product customer satisfaction surveys - meaning, check back with me about the boots in 6 months, 1 year, etc.  Regarding Timberland in general, I have owned several of their shoes and have found them to be well-made and reliable.
B002CVURR6 Perfect! Just what my husband wanted!!!  He has searched for the roll-top boots that fit his taste for awhile.  Glad to find the last pair was his size!
B002KLI1AI GOOD BRAND Its fit perfect , protect my foot , super strength ... very recomended , its a nice pair of boots belive me
B002MAS1O8 great boots they fit perfect and were the right size. i waterproofed them and they stay nice. i would always waterproof them to keep them looking new
B002NEGCC6 Very confortable! I just love it, it fit perfect on my husband feet! the color is great and it is very very confortable.
B002NEGCC6 Fit Perfect & Comfortable Timberland shoes have never failed me and these were no exception.  They fit perfect out of the box.  Soft leather and very comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Very nice Delivery was a bit late due to weather but other than that everything was perfect. The shoes fit as expected.
B002YOMJPY Perfect A perfect fit.  It came just time time, due to the cold weather we are having.  The cost was worth it.  I may even purchase another pair.
B002YOMJPY 1 more positive vote I can make a 8 fit after break in, size 9 never bothers me so I think I am probably a perfect 8.5 size. Having said that these fit perfect. I have been wearing them regularly about 2 weeks and they are as comfortable as any shoes I own. The first day or so was kind of an awkward feel but once they conformed they are great. I'll be back if the quality turns into an issue but that doesn't seem to be the case. I have no input at this time on whether or the waterproof is effective but for general everyday work boots they are fantastic.
B002YOMJPY good fit! great price! On my feet all day at work and these boots are perfect.For what ever reason you purchase them for, You can't go wrong with Timberland Boots.
B002YOMJPY Perfect This is perfect sizingg, unlike a lot of items I get online, it fit exactly as it stated!  Highly recommended!
B002YOMJPY Perfect Right to size, I use these boots for ATV-ing on normal dry days and they work out perfect. Light Weight, I have a WIDE foot and there confortable
B002YOMJPY perfect shoes to buy the shoes fit perfect I'm going to buy 2 more pair when I get paid love them love them ok
B002YOMJPY Great Fit, Easy Breakin Shoe fits true to size, comfortable and perfect for long days spent on your feet.  Ready for the trails or the city!
B002YOMJPY Perfect boots for anything. I'm wearing these boots to work in a with semi-business attire and they look great. I will now get a second pair to wear hiking outdoors since they would be perfect for that as well.
B002YOMJPY Good shoe They for perfect and Are very comfortable at work! I'm glad I found them on here thank you!! Hope we can do more soon
B002YOMJPY Great Fit and Value I bought these for my boyfriend for work. He loved them so much we are getting another pair for personal use. Great value as well as fit perfect.
B002YOMJPY A perfect fit. I ordered these boots for my husband who is very hard to fit.  He has a very wide foot and I was not sure they would fit him.  I ordered half a size larger to compensate for the width and they fit perfect and he loves them.
B002YOMJPY exactly what I ordered You can tell when they are going to fit by the sound that is made when you slip the boot on. Perfect fit.
B002YOMJPY great buy! like it so muach. light weight, comfortable and reliable, what more can i ask for? perfect buy, nice price !
B002YOMJPY love them I loved the boots, they were a perfect fit, and very comfortable, and a very good price. I will be making more purchases from this company in the future
B002YOMJPY Perfect fit!! He loves them. They fit perfect..true to size. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice boot that looks nice too!!
B002YOMJPY perfect for rough terrain Perfect fit and construction.  I wear them while delivering mail in the New England weather and they keep my feet 100% dry while providing great stability  in the foot and ankle.  All this and at a great price !
B002YOMJPY perfect fit Light weight, sturdy, comfortable, rugged, great boot for working in the hot sun while keeping protected. Nice looking and not so heavy as other boots tend to be
B002YOMJPY Perfect for a motorycle I have Shadow 750CA with custom dual exhaust and I wanted something which can protect my ankles from heat and burn. These boots covers my ankles just perfect. Not heavy and the best part is rubber sole makes it no skid on wet roads (I live in Florida so cant go away from rain). If you ride a bike or do outside job you must have it. Very comfortable and value for the money.
B002YOMJPY Nice My son love these boots they fit perfect they are true to size very stylish and goes with everything I recommend
B002YOMJPY Perfect fit Boots arrived in a few days after placing the order and fit was perfect 11(W). Wore them for a few hours in really cold northeast winter weather and they were really comfortable. Will look to buy more of this brand and from this distributor.
B002YOMJPY perfect work shoe on concert all day and this boot is perfect. I recommend this boot to anyone that works all day on there feet, my second pair and will buy again
B0031EJVU2 Shopping on Amazon.com They were not in perfect condition but they were good. I'm satisfied. You should get all the colors!!! I will b bak!
B0034G54BM love them ! these boots are everything they said they'd be: sturdy, comfy, good for long walks, warm. I have big calves and they fit!!!!and i walk in them every day, they're perfect. highly recommend them. Fit true to size (for me).
B0034G54BM Perfect I was very happy with my boots and order a pair for my sister to.. She loves hers also... Thanks
B0034G54BM Eas It has a good quality and is very stylish. I was worried about the size, but it fits perfectly. I am glad, these are perfect!
B0034G54BM Timberland earth keepers Super boot, perfect fit!  I could not be more pleased with these boots. I'm thinking about purchasing a brown pair, too.
B0034G54BM Classy, comfy, stylish! Perfect for any ocassion! Perfect black, so classy and stylish at the very same time. Very comfortable... Soooo Timberland!! Love this boots.
B0034G54BM Best fitting boot!  I love them!` I have a narrow foot and after reading some previous reviews it sounded like the perfect boot...and it is!  I can wear a thicker sock and still feel comfy!  The sole is amazing!  No slip!  Perfect for snow and ice!
B0034G54BM A must have I wasnt sure when i ordered but im happy i did ive been lookn for a blk flat knee boot forever and this fit just perfect for my calf
B0034G54BM Comfy as slippers! Perfect for a shopaholic! Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Bethel Knee-High BootI am not big on ordering shoes online, as I have flat feet, and my feet are very picky. I read many reviews, and despite the advice to go a 1/2 size bigger, I went with my normal 8.5 size hoping for the best. I got the boots in three days, have only had them for 2 weeks, and have worn them over 6 times! They are beautifully made, exceptionally comfortable, and give that perfect sexy biker kind of look yet very classy! I am so pleased with these boots. The quality is there, the look is timeless, and they will become your favorite go to's on those long days of shopping! Your wallet will give out before your feet do in these boots!
B0034G558E Great comfort and style... I usually wear a 7.5 or 8, but the 8.5 is perfect. My foot is wider and the 8's were just too narrow and short on my toes. They are so comfy and I have back problems! These and the other Timberlands that I purchased are great for all day comfort. Quality materials and easy to adjust for the perfect fit. Very cool.
B0034G558E Perfect black buckle boot Perfect as a fit with a medium thick sock. Love the boot and always get compliments when I wear them!!!!!!
B0034G558E Perfect I was worried Bout the size versus the width after I tried them in store, but the option I ordered turned out to be just perfect... Very comfy .
B0034G558E Perfect These shoes are amazing. They fit very well, and you just can't beat the minimal carbon footprint in making them.  They arrived on time, in perfect condition.
B0034G558E great boots Love these Timberland boots.  Perfect fit for me. I have small calves, and the boot fits perfect around my calves.
B0034G558E Perfect Fit! Boots are true to size and didn't even need to be broken in! They became my favorite shoes in a matter of minutes. Leather is soft and soles aren't stiff.
B0034G558E Love Them I took these boots out of the box and went trick or treating with my kids for 3 hours.  No problems at all.I'm between an 8.5 & 9 in shoes...I got these in 9 so I could wear thicker socks in the winter.  Perfect.  I have average sized calves and these zipped right up...again perfect.  This may seem obvious to you but don't forget to tighten the laces if they seem too loose...that makes a big difference.
B0034G558E Great boots!!! I'm absolutely in love with this boot! It is also water resist and looks fantastic! Ordered size 8 on my 24,5 sm foot lengh, and it is feets perfect!
B0034G5KAC perfect! The boots are perfect!  What an amazing quality!  They are the perfect gift, very stylish and well made.  The zipper on the side is very strong and the leather very thick and soft.  Thanks for the speed of getting the boots and all during Christmas time!  Great Job
B0034G5KAC Great purchase Wonderful comfortable boots that are also very stylish.  couldn't be happier.  the fit is perfect and the heels are nice too.
B0034G5KAC Amazing Boot I've never taken the time to review an item before, but these boots are amazing.  Perfect fit, soft leather, look stylish.  I've been looking for a dressy yet versatile brown boot for a while, and these were exactly what I wanted.
B0034G5KAC Love these boots! I searched high and low for the perfect pair of riding boots.  Ordered and returned several pairs.  But this pair is the one!  They are gorgeous... the color is a rich chocolate brown and the suede/leather combination is beautiful.  They are the perfect height, adjustable calf circumference, perfect foot shape, totally love them.  Great find!
B0034G5KAC Perfect boots This is a perfect pair of boots! They are beautiful and comfortable. I have gotten so many compliments on them. The comments about the toes being thight may be true, I wear an 8 and they feel more fitted than other shoes; luckily I have thin feet so I didn't need to change them (I can still wiggle my toes so they worked!)but if you have a wider foot you will need to go up a size. Love the adjustable top; they fit perfectly on my thin legs.
B0034G5KAC Excellent boot!!! Fits just right, I am a perfect 7 and it's perfect!!!The only thing is they are a bit loose in the ankle, which I think is not problem as it allows for a thicker sock and more, easier movement! I had a previous model of Timberland and like this one just as much!
B0034G5KAC Perfect 3 words: comfortable, fashionable, Timberland....doesn't get any better than this. Really stands up to the northeast weather where I am.
B0034XS4OY Perfect style and fit Right out of the box they are a perfect fit and run true to size. Very well built and on day one they are very comfortable. What a great purchase. I am very happy with these shoes!!Tim H
B0035LD2X8 chukka's The boots are what I have come to expect from Timberland products, high quality, durable, comfortable. Just a few things you should know before purchasing these boots, they do come with that "worn" look, a bit scratched up, with the leather not being a perfect singular shade of brown, you can pretty much tell from the photos, but, in case you are expecting a perfect looking new boot, you aren't getting one here. Another thing, the only thing that I find annoying about these boots is they dont stay tied very well, and I find myself redoing the laces several times a day. I am a little worried about how the lace holes are going to hold up in the long run, if they are going to become stressed and begin to stretch, or break the leather. Knowing most Timberland products though, I'm pretty sure they'll be ok. Overall just a great boot, perfect for dressing up a pair of jeans, and heading out for the night.
B0035LD2X8 Perfect!!! I like the Timberland brand, this shoe also provides very comfortable & light, it can be used on casual & biz time. therefore, recommend you to get it. haha
B0037CW26I Just the perfect size First time I buy shoes on-line; everything was perfect: the size, the color, just as expected.thanks Amazon.I reccommend it.
B0038JCZ9Y perfect boots!! These boots are very comfortable and are exactly as described! I am very satisfied with them. As someone with fairly muscular calves (15.2"), finding the rights boots isn't always easy; but this one is just perfect.I also LOVE the designs! I highly recommend buying this one!
B0038JCZ9Y beautiful Love these boots , dress them up or dress them down  makes the perfect to wear anytime. Very comfortable. As others had stated they run small so getting a size bigger was a perfect fit.
B0038JCZ9Y AMAZING BOOTS These boots are everything I hoped for! Perfect fit, perfect color.  Amazing details.  Quick delivery.  No complaints
B003EV5KB6 the rite fit I love these boots go rite with my 2 yr. Old daughter leather jacket. They fit perfect on her feet and they seem to be comfortable. I hope yall all enjoy
B003NUQWFG sizing perfect I have large wide feet and the sizing on these are perfect even with the steel toe my feet fit my shoe size.great boot, I'm used to red wing and other great boots but the price and quality of these boots are amazing.
B003NUQWY2 Love my Timbs These are everything you would expect from timberland. Perfect fit and a great look! I couldn't find anything wrong with them. And buying them on Amazon Prime is just the icing on the cake.
B003NUQYC2 Perfect work boots The size fit me unexpectedly as i own similar size boots.Fit me comfortably, light weight, comfortable sole and looks nice.
B003OBZSZO Very good shoes! I took exactly my size, it's a 7 regular, and fit perfect! they are really resistent, and comfortable! love it!
B003TFEA5O Perfect I purchased these boots without having tried them on beforehand and they were very true to size, very comfortable from the start, and exactly what I wanted. Timberland is one of my favorite brands and I can see these lasting a long time.
B003TFEA5O Lovin these boots!!! I ordered my usual size. Felt a Lil snug first putting them on. I wore them for about an hour and they are perfect. Love them!
B003TFEA5O just perfect same with these, those were chosen for me, and i don't think i could have done better elsewhere price wise
B003TFEA5O Love these boots The item was shipped in a timely manner.. This has become my new favorite boot. The fit is perfect and the level of comfort is great.
B003TFEA5O Great boots, perfect fit Bought actual size and they are perfect. Beautiful color and as pictured. No surprises. Comfy right off the bat. Great purchase. Recommend.
B003TFEA5O Perfect all-around boot Look great with everything; fit is perfect; quality is...well, Timberland-quality.  They're different enough in style to stand out from the 'typical' riding boot.
B003UFJCP6 Happy Shopper Rarely do I shop for shoes on-line. I'm always concerned about the fit: Do they run small? Do they gape or pinch?No issues with these boots.  The color is perfect, the fit is perfect.I LOVE these boots!!!
B003VIHLEG Thanks The shoes are very comfortable size is requesting, many thanks. They are perfect and very beautiful. Buy are original. happy day.
B003XYWUX0 Adorable Perfect for 8 month old not too bulky and comfy for his little soft feet.  And adorable style and look.
B003XYWUX0 It was perfect This I would definitely recommend to my friends. I was in love with it, this was perfect for my baby
B003YB9ZEE Perfect! These are the best ever. I got them in black and brown. I just love them. Perfect height, they hug my foot just right, and I love the inside leather lining and footbed. This is the first time I ever bought the same shoe in two different colours. They are perfect.
B00440CVWC Perfect There is nothing bad that can be said about these.  You get the 3 pairs displayed in the photo.  They are fantastic.
B0049N0O1Y i love it It fits just as i expected and it's ok. you might just wanna make it lighter... i believe that will make it perfect
B0049N3S58 Perfect work boots! These Boots Are Perfect For What I Needed Them for. They are stylish and I have dropped many things on my feet without hurting myself. These boots are perfect for people that handle things under 100 pounds. Steel toe isn't needed at all with these boots. They are also very comfortable. I am able to walk and sometimes run around a warehouse all day with no pain at the end of the day. These boots are well worth the money.
B0049N3S58 fit good work perfect for what purchased for great price fit good work perfect  for what purchased for great price
B0049N3S58 great quality and perfect fit purchased as a gift for husband and he says its perfect for his working environment . He works outside all day so he is always on his feet snow rain and hot summers. Timberland pro is what he prefer when it comes to tough but comfortable boots
B004C5QYLI beautiful This is so gorgeous!!! It's perfect, came in tact and everyone loves it. It's strong and certainly worth the buy!
B004EHXZ1Q these shoes are perfect!! I ordered these shoes for the ring bearer in my upcoming wedding, they are perfect!! looks even better in person
B004EWG3IS Perfect Thickness These have a great quality feeling to them. Surprisingly, they have held up really well after a year of washing.
B004FHCKDE Comfortable and beautiful The perfect pair of boots. Comfortable, durable, and very stylish. they can be used with both jeans or sport trousers. Definitely, I would recommend them.
B004J2HSIC Great Deal I recieved this boots 2 days ago and day look perfect.they look tough and worm.i ordered #10 and they are great.fit perfect.real winter boots .and the price is good.for that money u cant find nothing better.
B004J2HSLY 5 was perfect, 10 I have another pair of Timberland hiking boots and 10.5 was perfect, 10.5 with the slip-ons is gonna require a little stretching.
B004K66PAE Love! These boots are awesome....the color and the feel are fantastic...perfect pull on boots. They fit my calves perfect and are true to size..
B004K66PAE Perfect Last winter I got the same book in another colour. My regular shoe size is 7 but after reading many reviews I gave it a shot and tried half size bigger. It fits just perfect and it's very comfy. I can wear them the whole day. Being waterproof is a huge thing cause you can go in the water, go out in the snow and your feet really don't get wet!I highly recomment the product!
B004K66PAE PERFECT! I am totally in love with Timberland boots now that I have a pair (clearance pricing certainly doesn't hurt). Perfect fit, even for chicks with larger calves. Not only is the fit spot on, but the leather quality is awesome. Although they look like they've been handled before, it adds character. I LOVE this color and shaft height. Definitely worth getting a pair!
B004K6A5TG Good model that i like, perfect height, comfortable for work, don't hesitate to buy it.I am waiting to share your opinion and your feedback.
B004K6A758 I'm in love with my new clogs! So stylish and so comfy at the same time!!!Perfect pair for my wide feet, because they look narrower with no pain :-)
B004K6A758 perfect for fall I had been looking for a shoe that had a casual look and would be high enough to not have my jeans drag.  Of course, comfort is always a must as well.  These shoes definitely fit the bill.  Even though I haven't worn them out of the house, I can tell by the fit and supportive feel that they will be perfect for my needs.  They will look really nice with jeans or even a skirt/tights.  I bought a black pair at first and just ordered them in brown as well.  Can't beat a versatile/comfortable shoe!
B004K6C6ZW Thank you!!! I love it !!!Everyting is good.Perfect size, nice.Thank you so much.You are profesional!See you soon...
B004KQ0VXG Great Boots These boots are comfortable. I ordered a size 9 since that is what I wear in most boots and they fit perfect. They have a high heel yet are easy to walk in. The leather is very nice to look at and touch. Nothing negative to say about these boots. They come nicely boxed. Make sure you take out all the paper and cardboard they put in the toe part of the boot. I took out the tissue paper and tried to put my foot in and thought they were not going to fit. After taking a closer look saw they have a cardboard form fit into the toe part and after taking that out....perfect.
B004KQ4IWG Ankle boots These are a great pair of shoes.  The fit was perfect.  Have had a lot of compliments on these boot.Fast delivery
B004LG9YR4 Perfect fit My father loves his shoes so much he asked me to buy two pair!!! Timberland has out done themselves. Love them...
B004LQL3K0 LOVE IT! I can't believe I haven't reviewed this boot yet. I wore it all Fall and Winter. It's comfortable and the size is perfect. I wore this with skinny jeans and rolled up slim cargo pants. I also wore it out to the our ranch to do work. Perfect for everything!
B004P1A5YG Great Extra Travel Shoe A great idea for trips when you only want to take one pair of shoes. As a camp shoe, these are perfect. I've used them for their intended design - around a fire as my hiking boots dry. Just rugged enough for a short firewood search or a walk from the lodge down to the lake beach. They also make great canoe/boot shoes, since they dry fast and have good grip.They're serviceable for business travel - perfect for a jaunt down to the hotel pool or fitness center, (or bar, or breakfast buffet) without having to wear the same shoes you wore to the meeting. A bit more acceptable then flip-flops, and since they fold, a bit more packable.They're not light and flimsy - you could design them lighter and make their packed size smaller, but these seem the perfect balance between ruggedness, comfyness and portability.Two cons however -1. If you're going to use these outdoors, be aware that the zipper creates an area perfect for collecting and hiding seeds and maybe bugs and makes this shoe a carrier for possible invasive species in or out of susceptible areas. You should clean these thoroughly and throw these in the washing machine before and after outdoor trips. Some destinations have inspections for these kinds of things in the airport (many islands and some countries like New Zealand) and would seize a dirty pair of these shoes.2. The zipper tab jingles a little, so, these aren't for ninjas.
B004P1A5YG Very comfy! This shoe is extremely comfortable, however, I don't see how well they would hold up while hiking.  You feel almost everything through the soles.  It is a perfect travel shoe-easy on and off, and the zip-up for storage is nice.  It is perfect for airports, walking around the house and errands.  I've worn them all day for work, but still can't see myself hiking rocky mountains in them.
B004PNE720 Boots I bought these for my grandson living in Seattle.  They are just what he needed as it rains frequently and he is out in the weather.  He wanted a nice looking boot, not too industrial; these were perfect.
B004PZWHAM Perfect! Yes... perfect for me. Out of the box... slipped them on... wore them on a flight from Japan to Europe. Absolutely comfortable the whole time.
B004REL8TW perfect This boot is really perfect for cold weather and snow.Its run a size.Not difficult to wear as i read before in previous feedback.
B004RQ1GPG Timberland boots After getting the medium size and sending it back, we got the 2E and they fit perfect. Very warm, waterproof and comfortable, Just got them so can't say how they are in the long run but right now, they are perfect.
B004RQ38B6 Perfect as usual Love this company. Every shoe I order from here is great. This pair is no different. Perfect fit, color, and looks.
B004T0YVZ2 Timberland Translationis beautiful, works perfect. I like it. does not have any detail. works perfect. arrived in good condition. I recommend it.
B004ZCE19U swag... Love them!!!! They fit perfect, shipped on time..looking forward to getting another pair.  Would recommend to all to get the helcor timberlands...
B004ZCE19U perfect boots perfect timberland boots, keep my foot warm.  i usually wear size 9.5 and for this boots just size 8.5 is fine.
B004ZCE19U great shoe!! They're perfect. They Are So EASY to clean. I Just Love Them.  I Have gotten Several Compliment on the and I've only had them for a week..
B0054NLO12 Perfect for a little guy This is a wonderful size backpack for my 4th grader.  He's kinda a little guy and most backpacks are a little large!  This is the perfect in between size, because the little ones are too small to actually carry thier books home in.  Very sturdy construction, will last the year just fine and probably longer!
B0056QVSQ8 confortable and great for travel Love them, I wore them in the plane for a long long trip and they are wondefully confortable. The fit perfectly but are a little tight as they go in but once you have them on they're perfect.
B0056QW98E Perfect fit, most comfortable shoe in my closet=) These shoes are soooo darned pretty. This was my second purchase and attempt at ordering my right size. The first pair I went with the size I normally have to settle for, because other manufacturers don't make my shoes accurate. I wear a 7.5 wide. Although my first pair (8 M) were a little loose, but perfect with thick socks on, I was delighted with how good my feet felt after an 8 hour workday. When I saw these, my jaw dropped and I ordered them in my correct size. Never before have I been so pleased with a shoe, made in my perfect size. So, if you are going to order any Renova shoes, order in your perfect size, you will be amazed at how well these were constructed and how good they feel on the foot, even after many hours of work. I have to say, I have the best looking shoes at the nursing home.
B0058SHRO6 A Winner! Size is perfect! Shoe is soft and comfortable especially the sole. Value for money. After all Timberland is the best!
B00590KXH6 Very comfortable! With 3 surgeries on my left foot and 2 on my right, plus wearing a size 11W, I have a difficult time finding comfortable shoes.  The moment I slipped this pair on, it was a perfect fit.  Thank you!
B00590LGE0 Comfortable fit Size is perfect! Shoe is soft and comfortable. Value for money. Colour as indicated. After all Timberland is the best!
B00591N62Y Perfect There are the perfect shoes for spring and summer.  They go with almost anything and they are extremely comfortable - especially for my hard to fit feet.
B005APTZ4W Perfect Very comfortable and stylish boots!!!! Easy to dress up and removed. The ratio price / quality is almost perfect. Besides, were taken quickly, just in time to time, when it's time to wear them.
B005APXVVU The Perfect Shoe I love everything about this Timberland shoe...the size 15 fit is perfect...it's really comfortable...it's very stylish but also versatile and looks great dressed down with jeans or dressed up with nice casual slacks...they nailed it! This is how much I like it: I've got it in two colors!
B005BWB2QI Four Stars PERFECT FIT COULD NOT BE BETTER,VERY COMFORTABLETO WEAR,AN THEY LOOK GREAT
B005BWB2QI Exactly Perfect Nice, well made and most of all. Sizing was perfect! i always end up returning clothing/shoes due to inaccurate sizing when ordered online. This time dead on comfort.
B005BWB2QI EVERYDAY SHOE NOT EXACTLY THE COLOR THAT I THOUGHT THEY WERE BUT THE SHOE ITSELF IS PERFECT.  PERFECT FIT AND COMFORTABLE AND THEY ARRIVED QUICKLY.
B005BWB2QI Love these shoes Had a pair before which I lost.  Was really happy to find them again here and got them in perfect condition.  Excited to wear them again.
B005BWB2QI Couldn't be happier Fit was perfect. Comfortable right out of the box without any of that annoying new shoe discomfort.This is what I expected when I ordered Timberland and it is what I got!
B005BWB2QI PERFECT!!! PERFECT FIT!!!!!AFTER TRYING  3 PAIR OF SKECHERS (DIFFERENT STYLES) TO NO FIT.....I TRYED  THESE ....GREAT!!!! RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX.....GREAT FIT ....SOFT.....LOOKS GREAT& I HOPE LONG LASTING....FEELS LIKE I HAVE HAD THEM 4 EVER!!!!!!! I WILL BUY THESE AGAIN ....I BOUGHT TAUPE/TAUPE WITCH IS SWADE LIKE NOT TO BE CONFUSED TAUPE LETHER
B005BWB2QI Replaced with 7 1/2 - now fits perfect. Also ordered size 8 Timerland hiking boots - they fit perfect! I have had this same fit issue with other brands of shoes. I expect this on occassion.
B005BWB2QI perfect fit same color as seen, perfect fit, so comfortable, advise everbody who wants to buy. this time  I am lucky! thanks
B005BWB2QI Love These Shoes! Love These Shoes! They fit perfect, sturdy, comfortable and the price was just right. Perfect shoes for the summer. Will retire my boots till the fall!
B005BWB2QI Looks and fits great These boat shoes have a great look and fit perfect.  I've owned them in the past and they wear like iron.
B005BWB2QI Perfect Timberlands As I expected and more a great and extremely comfortable pair of shows and much to my wife's delight will keep my out of training shoes at least some of the time!
B005ERZ6MQ perfect just what I wanted. right size - right color - terrific style. will order more when these wear out. perfect
B005FI1VE6 Perfection The shoes are perfect! The colors are bright. The make of the shoe is durable and tough like my 6 year old.
B005FI1VE6 they are perfect are very comfortable and they fit very well, it is what I expected,  are perfect, thanks, the volvere to buy
B005FI1VE6 Perfect fit. Fits her feet perfect with a little room to grow.  Cushioned so they are comfy and she doesn't get blisters.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect fit My daughter's favorite color is purple and when she received these she was over joyed. They are perfect for every day wear!
B005FI1VE6 perfect fit Perfect for toddlers.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect for my 2 yr old I was a little hesitant to buy these bc there were no reviews yet, I usually like to read reviews first, but i'm glad I bought them. They are perfect in every way.
B005FI1VE6 Great Shoes were exactly what I wanted. Fit close to a little larger but doesn't impede her walking. She loves them and the adjustable straps make it possible to get a perfect fit. Arrived in perfect condition. A little smelly from the rubber/plastic being in a bag but fine after a day of airing out.
B005FI1VE6 Good Durable Sandle These are perfect for my 18 month old daughter.  I wanted something that had a durable rubber sole like a sneaker but wouldn't be so hot for the summer like sneakers.  These are perfect.
B005FM5Q3O Perfect for an active toddler. My 2 year old grandson seems to be very happy in his new shoes.  The price was right and the fit was good.
B005FM5Q3O GREAT SUMMER SHOES THESE ARE RUNNING PERFECT FOR MY SON,,HE HAVE WIDE FOOT.PERFECT FOR SUMMER SCHOOL ;0),LIGHT WEIGHT/VENTILATION. LOT OF VELCRO CLOSURE
B005FM5Q3O perfect for her little feet! Size was just what she needed -- good protection while still letting air in, and looking cool -- very important when you're 3...
B005FM5Q3O Perfect Love these.  Protected toe is a huge plus and he doesn't get blisters in them like crocs did.  He wears them everyday in the summer
B005FMBDD6 Just perfect Good quality, good price.  excellent product, Fit perfect the foot of my little girl, the color is like the photo no surprise.  The size is equal that they show.
B005I6RZXG perfect Comfortable for long hours, slip on easy and easy to clean, recommend for all health care workers to wear, love them
B005I6Z4JI Excellent as always perfect fit, unparalleled comfort, perfect replacement for my 3 year old Timberland Pro boots. went with water proof this time,lol
B005I6Z4JI Perfect Perfect work shoes for my boyfriend. Super comfortable and provides just the protection he needs for any work site. Will definitely order these again in the future.
B005L8K4NY A bit small and wide The look perfect, and had arrived in the a perfect condition. If i wear a thicker sock it start to hurt a bit but I am positive that with the use it ill stretch enough. The only feeling i have comparing with my previous pair is that it isa bit wider, so it looks a bit loose at the arch of the foot. By the moment is it more an esthetic issue than confort so it is ok!!!
B005LCQYYS sweeeeeet! perfect fit and look just as relaxed as the picture. bought from warehouse, came and look good as new, booyah
B005LCQYYS Perfect Soft and comfortable, it was exactly what I was looking for. The right color, and the perfect finish. The affordable  price and timely delivery. Recommended for people who enjoy walking.
B005LCQYYS PERFECT These were perfect slip on boat shoes for my 14year old son!  He actually picked them out and they are perfect - weathered, soft and comfortable.
B006F62ZUQ Perfect just as expected, perfect size, slim and fashionable. leather smells great and comes with a removable clear card holder. Thanks!
B006T307QE Perfect work boots! Have been using them for one week and they are as I expected; Perfect work boots! Even though I must check their durability.
B006T307QE Great Boots!!! Wow the boots are perfect. Lighter than my old pair of hiking boots and way more rugged too. The fit is perfect and got the right size first time. I have a wide feet and it's almost imposable to get the look and right size in the same shoe size. These are a great buy and the manufacture gives a 30 day refund if you don't like them for what ever reason they will refund your money!
B006T32HGC Perfect ! Been looking for a replacement Hiking boot since my Old favorites finally wore out....and these were PERFECT !Size correct,with 2 different choices of laces included.....Thinking of getting another pair as a back-up
B006T32HGC Great boots!! Highly recommend to anyone unsure about buying these, they are everything as described and more..fit is just perfect right out of the box and have worked 10-12 hour days in them and feels like you don't even have them on..light weight, very well constructed.
B006ZGV9LM Love 'em! Comfortable, stylish, and weatherproof - a great combination. Heel height is perfect. They don't come to the knee, but shaft height was clearly stated in the description so that's on me. I will be wearing these for a long time.
B006ZGZ9P4 The boots are perfect. I ride a cruiser motorcycle and they work ... The boots  are perfect.  I ride a cruiser motorcycle and they work perfect when shifting gears
B006ZGZ9RM LOVE these boots I highly recommend these boots.  I ordered my usual 8.5 size and they fit perfect.  They are high quality and very comfortable!!
B006ZGZ9RM Very happy with item. Quality great! Fits true size maybe a little snug. But perfect for me. Wanting another pair of Timberlands since quality was so good.
B006ZGZ9RM The perfect boots! The wedge heel makes these comfortable enough for walking and long-wear, but a bit dressier than the more equestrian-looking flat boots. The medium brown goes with all colors, and I love the accents--just the right amount. They're perfect!
B006ZIGRXA Perfect style The boots are very comfortable and durable. They are very stylish and perfect for wearing with parka. Timberland's high quality as usual.
B006ZIGRXA perfect The boots arrived a day earlier than expected. They fit perfectly even over my bigger legs.  The only problem I had was that the sole squeaked on hardwood floors, but once I wore them for a while, the squeak went away.
B006ZIGS34 Amazing boots I give 5 stars because these are the perfect boots. Very comfy, true to size, perfect boots. Quality and style in one.
B006ZIGS34 Perfect boot! So happy I bought these! Perfect boot fit, with enough room for winter socks. Feels stylish, matches with everything from jeans to dresses and are tough as nails!
B006ZIJ0PW PERFECT This brand is really good.  I can buy any timberland shoes and always are confortable, excellent color and the type of this boot are perfect
B006ZIJ0PW Beautiful and Comforable Boots Great boots, I usually order 8.5 to give my toes extra space. I ordered these in 8.5 and they are perfect.I'm 5'6&#34; 137 and they fit perfect around my calves with jeans and socks too.Nice stylish & classy boot that works great in the snow or walking around.
B006ZITF7U Great Booties Great pair of booties, very comfortable and the perfect hight to walk around all day.  Very nice quality and true to size.Would recommend it.
B006ZITF7U Perfect!  Exactly what I wanted! These boots fit perfect!  Very well made and stylish.Lots of comfort in the sole.I ordered wide and a half size bigger to keep my options open to wearing thicker socks.Heel height is great and just what I was looking for.I couldn't be happier with this boots.
B006ZIV6PY Boots These boots are absolutely beautiful! They are prettier than in the picture and perfect fit, and arrived very quickly too.
B006ZJ2ZUI perfect combination Love these ! Perfect combo of style, function, and comfort.The rubber is suprisingly soft , it feels like velvet. I've worn them all day and they stayed comfortable. Great buy great price!
B006ZJ2ZUI Love! Absolutely loved the boots, perfect for the rainy weather! I'm usually a 7.5 but I got a size 7 and they fit perfect!
B006ZTTV1O Great Perfect for $55 and what I wanted. They will be perfect for Wisconsin spring/fall, even good enough for winter right now if you're just bar hopping. A little weird that I have a different pair of Timberlands that are size 10 and I had to send these back for 9.5's. But the replacements were delivered at 9 the next morning.
B006ZVOLHQ Great boot! Love these. Got two pair. Perfect height. You don't have to be a 6' woman to look good in these.
B006ZVT856 Is to good This boot is perfect fit and love like the color and was a perfect present my nephew is good thank you
B0070SHSGE perfect Arrived and tried on and the size was perfect as the as well as the shoe.  Didn't have break in which is a pleasure
B0070SU44C Amazing I love my boots they ate even better  than they look in picture.They are perfect, comfortable and by the price I got them... Was an amazing shop.
B0071BD33M Great toddler shoe They're a perfect fit as I expected.  It's hard finding footwear for my nephew with his tiny but chubby little feet.
B0071BD33M absolute must have fantastic quality shoes, perfect fit!!! my child loves them! perfect fit according to sizing chart.dont think twice about buying this product!!
B0072AFBKK perfect fit Perfect fit and true to size, Timberland Speed hiking boots are very lightweight and comfortable only took a couple hours to break in.
B0072AFBKK So Nice The Timberland Hiking boots came in perfect condition..  First time buyer of Boots online so, i was a bit concerned but, all was well, perfect fit. Only thing was that the packaging seemed to have been tampered with, the seal was broken, corner of the box was ripped and the taping seemed to have been undone but, the Boots were fine.
B007782V1O Perfect fit Timberland's high quality as usual. They are very comfortable, light and warm. The fleece lining is only in upper part of the shoes.
B007782V1O Cool Boots I love them. Fit perfect. Just ordered the size I wear. Didn't need to "break in" I just put them on and went!
B007782V1O Love them Beautiful pair of boots.  Fits as expected, looks great,  perfect. My Timberland boots are even more beautiful than I thought once I got them, wore them the same day.
B007782V1O Perfect Perfect shoes, except it is a little difficult to wear it. The ties is not so easy to be tied and loosed.
B007782V1O Exactly what I wanted. These boots are wonderful.  They fit the way I was hoping and seem perfect for my city life.  Couldn't be happier.
B007782V1O Highly recommend Very nice shoes,good quality.My daughter is happy to have it.thanks a lot,everything is perfect and very fast delivery.thanks thanks thanks.
B007784WSO The boot fits as I expected it too, ordered my exact size 11.5 M and was a perfect match. The boot fits as I expected it too, ordered my exact size 11.5 M and was a perfect match.very comfortable, but only worn on rug at home; have not ventured out into the weather wearing them yet.Just snowed again, so I get to give them a real world tryout.
B0077853PU Perfect These boots are perfect for me especially during inclement weather at my job. My feet is dry and comfortable with these timberlands.
B007G4VCFU PERFECT I bought this to replace my older wallet that was falling apart. It's thin and classy. Perfect for people around my age (21). Pity it didn't come with a coin compartment though
B007G4VMZK Excellent quality & look Absolutely one of the best wallets I have ever had! Great quality & design. Size if perfect to be placed in the front pocket, and it eliminates the bump in the back pocket as in fatter wallets.If you only carry two or three credit cards + some money, this is for you. It comes in a nice cartoon box as well which makes it perfect as a gift.
B007G4VV4C Perfect size for those who don't like wallets It has plenty of room for cards and things with an elastic front to put your money. also well made
B007ROSMK2 High quality, nice-looking bag at a great price! Wow.  This is such a great bag for the price.  It arrived promptly and the quality was even better than I expected.  It is the perfect bag to send to camp or college.  The sides stand up nicely which will make it easier to keep things organized.  Looks masculine--perfect for my teenage son.
B007ROSMK2 Perfect travel luggage Perfect travel luggage if you want to maximum the size (for most airlines) and save as much weight as you can.  This can really hold a lot, so much so, you almost have to watch the weight limits.
B007TGA2JM fits perfect i ordered a medium in my size and was amazed by the way it felt. i have wide feet and timbs are usually narrow but this boot fit perfect. i wore them for 8 hours and it felt like i had on a pair of nikes. i love it and i get compliments on them every time.
B007TGA2JM Perfect!!! Exactly what I ordered at a reasonable price!!! Shoe fits well, leather material instead of suede is a plus. Thank you.
B007TGA2JM perfect! i  love these boots! they fit perfectly, are so comfortable and i can walk in the woods with my dog as well as wear them with dresses and they look great!!!  they are well made, rugged, and i know will last for years.just what i was looking for!
B007TGA2JM Love it! Just had to go to a shoe repair store to get them stretched out a bit. Other than that they are perfect.
B00828VKFQ Perfect shoes, I am working in fast food and ... Perfect shoes,  I am working in fast food and these shoes doing perfect work
B008B5XICS Great quality! Was looking for a good sturdy carry on bag that didn't have an overage of little compartments.  This carry on is perfect! It is great quality - the handles are very secure and perfect for using to lift it into the overhead compartment of a plane.  The telescoping handle and rolling feature are excellent quality. We bought 3 of these bags for our family. We took a 5 day trip and had enough room for everything we needed.
B008B5XICS wonderful, perfect size bag wonderful, perfect size bag.  Easy to handle and fits in the overhead compartment in the plane.  Well made and should take me on many trips!
B008M27754 Perfect as usual The shoes fit perfectly, and I like a lot the deign. The materials looks so durable ans is very very comfortable
B008M27754 Timberland, just the Best. Perfect!.- Size 10 M US , it feels so good. I dont have any words to describe, specially the Bottom of the Shoes.
B008M27754 Fast shipping ! Fast shipping, perfect fit!
B008M27UHO Perfect! it's more than i expeted. I walk all day with it.Good price, perfect fit and high quality product.recommended for a gift.
B008M2MGSC Shoe review The shoe was perfect. Exceeded expectations. Comfortable and fit perfect. They were a birthday gift to myHusband. He loved them
B008M2MGSC Perfect shoes Perfect very Good quality just as if I ad purchased item in the actual store, I love it vey much
B008M2MGSC fits perfect First time I wore this boots I was surprised as in reviews everyone is saying too big or 2 small...it fits perfect and its very comfortable once you break into it. Will definirely recommend and buy again
B008M2P490 Perfect fit, low raiders as wanted I wanted a confortable low shoes just for hanging out and relaxing.Perfect fit, just rigth size, like it, excellent choice.
B008M2YZKY A perfect summer shoe Very light weight with a nicely padded footed.This is my second pair.They breath and keep my feet nice and cool.
B008M2ZFQW great shoes Size is perfect as i expect them to be 10 M. In presence they look much like the image ad. Confortable, casual but can wear them to Work.
B008M2ZFQW Perfect Very style and confortable. I Reccomend itWorld wide delivery on timeSoft. Fit as expect ( running shoes my n is 10) and these style i wear 9,5
B008M2ZFQW A Perfect Fit A rare treat to find shoe sizes in  1/2  size.  Could not fit any better for a slip on.  Fit so well, later I bought a second pair from Timberland.  I am very,  very,  pleased
B008M2ZFQW The best pair of shoes They are perfectly built, too comfortable. With or without socks, the fit perfect.The colors are nice, everything came as I wanted it, and they're super comfortable
B008M2ZFQW Maybe one of the best pair of shoes I alwyas try to buy this brand and specially this product line (earthkeeping). They are perfectly built, too comfortable. With or without socks, the fit perfect.
B008MHR6D2 Great Shoe Purchased for my husband and he absolutely love them. He is a size 14 and they fit perfect. Highly recommend.
B008N6Y9BO Great shoe I always appreciate when I get exactly what I order. The fit is perfect and comfortable. I will reorder from this supplier.
B008N6YJKA timberland women maeslin sandal ankle strap the fit was just perfect and it is quiet comfortable I love it just perfect for what I need it to do
B008N6YJKA Gorgeous I loooove this shoes. True to size, i am a perfect 6,5 and that was what i expected. Nice leather and very high quality. Highly recommend it.
B008N6YRCK The best!!!! I Love them.  A great purchase.  So, so comfortable and nice looking too.  Perfect fit.  They hold beautifully.  My favorites.
B008N6YRCK Perfect Summer Sandal! These are the perfect Summer wedges! The height is perfect, not too tall, not too short, just perfect for comfort with a bit of height! I received the brown wedges and the color will go with soooo many things in my closet! The straps look perfect, kinda retro and very flattering! The padding in the footbed is nice as well and will allow me to walk in these all day long without feeling sore and tired!
B008N7GT9I Comfortable These boots are comfortable and light I could wear all day no problem.They fit perfect I wear a 9.5 sneaker but found a size 10 boot fits me perfect.
B008N7H654 Perfect fit at a decent price Really lightweight but sturdy shoes. I ordered them a half size smaller than I order boots and they were perfect. I think I am pretty sold on Timberland products and will likely replace my running shoes from Mizuno with these.
B008N7H654 Perfect fit these shoes mold to your foot so nice, they are light and do not get tired if you have to walk long distances
B008UQ6VPO Adorable and Perfect................ Perfect in every way. Timberland has never let me down yet. True to size, superior quality- material-craftsmanship. Keep up the good work Timberland!!!!!!
B008UTADGY adorable Shoes fit true to size. Great quality. Dressy/casual look with a rubber sole that is perfect for an active toddler.
B008VPU0GK great fit i think is a bit hot inside the boot, but it fits perfect it's relaxed to walk with this boots, i think is a good decision
B008VPU0GK Great Item Arrived on time and fits perfect. Only there has a little bit impacted impression on the front but it's not a problem for me. thanks
B008VPU0GK Great boots! Fit is perfect. They are waterproof and great for winter weather. Perfect for when my son walks around campus in the cold weather.
B0090JZSMW Perfect Exactly as described, perfect. Would definitely recommend. My sons size 15 foot is hard to fit so it's much appreciated when we can find exactly what we're looking for
B0090X4EJQ Perfect Shoe Timberland is just perfect.i have 2 operations on my knees. This shoe feels very comfortable. This is the Secret of Timberland.Thanks
B0090X4EJQ Stylish sturdy Perfect fit. Love these shoes they look great stand up to work. Stylish and sturdy professional looking value. Boo yah!
B0091HLQEC Dreamy These are wonderfully comfortable. Perfect fit.
B0098X5DAM Perfect Shoe Wife loves these shoes.  She measured & was cautious about the size.  Perfect fit when they arrived, she wears them every day.
B009OL2L94 Almost perfect Everything about the boots are great except that it causes a lot of friction behind the ankle so you get those painful blisters if you don't where extra padding.
B009OL2L94 Very Nice I bought this pair of boots for my mom and she liked them a lot. The size was perfect, exactly what she expected.
B009R8KH18 Perfect and super comfortable. Highly Recommended. After measuring against my previous insoles and trimming them accordingly, these fit my PRO boots perfectly and are much more comfortable than the stock ones. I would high recommend these to a friend.
B009R8KH18 Got Them To Fit Cut them down to the size using the current insoles as a mold.  Made a perfect fit.  They fell great.
B009R9EJ3E Perfect Bought these for my b/f's Timberland's b/c the originals started to wear pretty quick.  He loves them.  Till this day.....still good.
B009R9EJ3E perfect fit Didn't need to cut or anything. Fit a size 15 wide. After I broke them in they worked Like a charm and have extended my boot life.
B00ABN8YVS Almost perfect!! I chose this rating because the shoe fits perfect, but it came with 2 scuff marks on the front left corner of the shoe
B00AR58UIC Ordered For My Grandson... My Grandson is 9. He Loves The Boots And They Fit Perfect. Looks Like They Are Very Well Made.. Will Last A long Time!!
B00AR58UIC Perfect This came on time it fit perfect nothing was wrong with it it was scuff proof and water proof this is amazing
B00AR58UIC Yeeeees! These boots fit perfect. I love them. I've always a pair of timberlands and now I have them. But these now.
B00AR58UIC Timberland. I was worried about these not fitting but they fit perfect! :) They came brand new and on time with no problems.
B00AR58UIC Loved it Everything was as expected. Perfect fit and material handles like promised. Comfortable on my sons feet. Would recommend to everyone
B00ARIVHXO perfect for a boy and the weather I bought them for my great nephew, his birthday,  he is two and his parents love them and I do too
B00AW7M97S Perfect Boot A nice boot from day one.  I ordered a half size up as prior reviews suggested and the fit was perfect!
B00AW7M97S Perfect Comfortable from the first moment.  Perfect fit.  Perfectly true to size.  Unbuckle and adjust the laces the first time around and then easy-on/easy-off with zipper thereafter.  Money well spent.  Best boots I've ever had....and I am a serious shoe hound.
B00AW7M97S Love this boot, just not my style Everything is perfect for this pair. Although I loved and wanted to keep them, they were just not my style. If a combat type is yours, this boot should be perfect for.
B00AW7M97S Boots Perfect fit very nice and fast shipping love these boots great fit and comfortable and more affordable then another store I went to these we're half the priceThanks
B00AW7M97S Georgeous Love these boots! I wear a size 9, ordered the 9 and the fit is perfect. These are my new favorite boots.
B00AW7M97S Abolutely great!!! I ordered the size I normally wear in boots and it fits perfect everywhere, top and bottom. Amazing quality! Looks great both with jeans and skirts. Exactly what I wanted but could not find in our local stores.
B00AW7M97S No ordinary boot! These are amazing! These boots fit perfect! They are form fitting and very comfortable. I actually returned the black because I ordered the brown and I liked them more. They are very unique in style and the price was half of what I have seen online from other places. I love them!
B00AW7M97S Perfect for small calfs!!!!! Finally I have found the best boots I ever had they are so comfortable and they look nice with dresses, shorts and skinny jeans...If you have wide calfs don't buy them because they are very slim, oh they are perfect for me/
B00AW7RBGC I LOVE THIS BOOT! I've been on a HUNT for the perfect ankle boot and these fit the bill.  They are better looking in person, the leather is gorgeous, the sued insets are so cool, the sole is perfect... these boots are the best!  I wasn't actually looking for a boot like this, more of a fashion boot, but these will be worn for everything.  Amazon has an amazing price compared to other sites.  PERFECT!
B00AW7RBGC love these These boots fit great, easy on and off, nice classic look, comfy sole--very happy!  I highly recommend--especially perfect with skinny pants/jeans.
B00AW7RBGC I love these boots!!! On the bottom of the boot on the inside they are stamped anti-fatigue and they really are!!! Super comfortable and I wear an 8.5 and ordered an 8.5 and they fit great. They were a little snug but broke in and formed to my foot in one day and are perfect!! Knowing what I do I will still order an 8.5 in the future:)
B00AW8HF9Y love these boots! I'm so glad I bought these. They are perfect for rainy cold days and I don't have to worry about getting them ruined. The have a small shaft opening which is what I needed.
B00AW8J5RE Amazing! Another winner! Timberland does it again with a perfect fit,  feminine yet rugged styling and comfort all day long. Fit like they were custom made for me.
B00AW8J5RE fashionable Cool boots! But didn't wear them yet. Tried them on fits perfect.Can't wait till it gets colder so I can wear them!
B00AW8JG9G Pleasantly Surprised I have been looking all over for a pair of leather boots.  I decided to check on Amazon although I always worry about buying shoes on line.  The price was very reasonable and when they came the fit was perfect.  I also felt that they were very good looking boots, even better that I had expected.  They look great on!
B00AW8JG9G perfect boot! These are the perfect boot! They are real leather, first fit was a tad snug but I knew because they were real leather as I wore them they would stretch, and stretch they have. after 3 days of wearing them all day they fit almost perfect! if you have a wide foot at all definitely order a wide.Heal is a tad loose like people have said but it's not irritating to me.. it's very comfortable.The sides of the boots have little buttons so you can adjust the calves slightly. I have very small calves and on the middle setting I have just enough space around for movement which is perfect if I want to add boot cuffs or something.These are perfect for me, I couldn't be happier with these!
B00AW8JG9G Exactly what I wanted and expected So happy with these boots! They are comfortable, they fit perfect and I know they will last for years. I'm glad I bought Timberland's and would recommend these to anyone.
B00AW8JG9G love 'em! Timberland boots are perfect--you put them on and by the end of the day the leather has stretched just enough for them to fit perfectly. No blisters or rubbing points. Worth every dime!
B00AW8JG9G Love the boots - they are great! The boots fit just right and height perfect for petite person, nice soft leather and very comfortable, I would buy again
B00AW8JG9G Perfect boot I love these boots. They are very well made. The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable. I have no complaints at all. Beautiful and shipped fast.
B00AW8JG9G Perfect This boot is gorgeous. The quality of leather is perfect. I Like my boot very, very much!!!! Size fits perfect.
B00AW8JG9G VERY COMFORTABLE, COOL LOOKING BOOT THEY FIT PERFECT!  THE SOFT LEATHER WILL FORM TO MY FOOT AS WELL.  FIT WELL WITH SOCKS AND TIGHTS. LOVE THE COLOR
B00AW8JGGE Love these boots Love these boots, a little bigger in ankles then my other timberland boots but easier to tuck jeans into. Brown color is perfect. I'm only 5'1&#34; and the size 6 1/2 is the perfect height. Sole seems very comfy to walk in.
B00AW8JL0A Perfect fit I love the shoes! I've been wanting to get these. and when it went on sale, i got hold of it!
B00AW8JL0A Perfect This is one of the few companies that I can buy any one of their boots in my size and it will always fit. The most durable well made boots with style and practical tread.
B00AW8K0WI I love the boots! The color and fit are perfect.  They are fashionable and durable for the  winter conditions. I might have to check out the black pair!
B00AZPO1BY perfect Fit as expected.It's a perfect pair of shoes.I love them so much.Everyday I take them on my feet,i feel so nice.
B00AZPO90W Beautiful and comfy Great and comfy shoe. Pretty dressy. Not so much a boot if your wearing pants that cover the top you might think they are dress shoes but it's perfect for work in the winter.
B00AZPOIF8 Perfect shoes I have been using this shoes from past 11 years and they are very comfortable and last for long time.I used to purchase these from Macy's ,this is the first time i ordered online and they are perfect out of the box *****.
B00AZPOIF8 Perfect This pair of shoes was made for me! They fit perfectly, no breaking in necessary; I like lack of sheen appearance, and it's sturdy.
B00AZPPEQ0 Stylish, and comfortable Perfect fit, they look great, and are really comfortable.  Many compliments already.  My new favorite shoes. I would suggest them to anyone looking for a new boot.
B00AZPPEQ0 Gorgeous shoe My husband love Timberlands but needed a boot can wear that was not bulky but endure the rough weather conditions. These were perfect and they look so good on his feet
B00AZPQV6C Perfect boots for both casual and formal This is my first timberland and I love it, you can use on daily basis and for formal occasion. And it's waterproof. Perfect
B00AZPQV6C Perfect! Timberland always makes it perfect.
B00AZPQV6C Very happy customer Very comfortable boots the size was perfect 11w for my flat feet! They look great for different occasions at a good price
B00AZPQV6C Perfect. The best Timberland boot that tops boots that are double and even triple the price when it comes to quality. Fit is just right as well.
B00AZPSY1M perfect the size was perfect long and width, color very nice an quality of the surface, thank so much, soon I go to buy other colors
B00B02THKQ They are perfect Nice looking, comfortable beautiful boots. OMG I can not wait towear them when I go to Europe.I bought the Wide and i am so glad I did.No toes crunching.
B00B02THKQ Finally found the perfect boot I have been looking for two years for a boot like this. I wear a size 9M and have a 13-1/2 calve circumference. These boots fit true to size.  Not too tight or loose in the calve. The heel is perfect which from the rear measures 2-7/8 inches in height.  I wanted a wide heel for great ankle stability with a great look. These are perfect. Very comfortable as well with an impressive cushion insert. I wore them for the first time today for about 4 hours with a sweater and dress skirt and they looked and felt great. They are very well made with nice quality leather. I love the fact that they are also waterproof. I couldn't be happier. What a great buy! Finally, my search is over.
B00B02THKQ Get these boots. I love them. Wish I had them in multiple colors. The heal is so stable that you will not struggle with the height. Perfect for work, but Timberland rugged enough for snowy days.
B00B9PYALU Perfect!!!! I'm glad i bought these boots, they r perfect for me and it was just what i spect to get
B00B9U4R6S Perfect They are exactly what I expected, and he loves them. The size fit perfectly. Couldnt be more pleased with the outcome!
B00BB7BX66 I will always trust Timberland Just perfect, size and everything... and they look like the pic.
B00BB7BX66 Love em I checked reviews B4 buying it and it made sense buying 1 number lower! I'am usually a 10.5, and I got a 9.5! its perfect
B00BCJV7H8 Love my boots!!!  Order up a 1/2 size though :) I read a lot of reviews and took the advice from others to go up a 1/2 size.  They were right on!  I am always a 9 and did the 9.5 and they fit perfect!  Love that I can dress them up or down.  They've been perfect for this eternal Michigan winter :)  So thankful I had them!
B00BCJV7H8 Excellent Buy! Love these boots!!!  Not only do they fit well, they look it also.  The size was also a perfect fit.  This is a great buy.
B00BCJV7H8 Perfect Timberlands. You can't go wrong. My 12 yr old loves them. Fit great, and really cool looking. When they wear them to school, you know they are ok.
B00BCJV7H8 Comfy, perfect height, stylish and warm. I live in Alaska, they are perfect for what I wanted, something I could walk in around town AND go play in the snow.
B00BCJV7J6 Perfect boots for chilly weather. Beautifull, warm  waterproof boots. Perfect fit. Received as asked. I recommend this product for winter's chilli weather. Confortable for long walks.
B00BCJW35I Classic style boots that are never out of style I love these classic style boots. They fit true to size there waterproof and stylish.. A perfect fall boot with the name we trust for years.
B00BCJW35I Comfy I absolutely love these boots.. They are very comfortable. And perfect height for the heel. You can dress up or dress down in them. Great way to just be comfy.. :)
B00BCJWVSM Perfect Shoe! Timberland is known for high quality shoes and they did not disappoint me on these.  Perfect fit, comfortable, and exceptional craftsmanship.  My new go-to shoes for any slacks/jeans!
B00BCJWVSM Beautiful bootie. I bought these in both black and brown.  They are gorgeous and extremely comfortable.  They are perfect for the classroom.
B00BCJX6TU Perfect Its awesome! Everything is perfect! Iike this boots. Size 9 is ideal for me.Also its very comfortable, convenient and beautiful!
B00BCJXLHW Great!!! My shoe choice;) perfect, confertable, and stylish. Perfect for Winter. I wear them all year around. Love them! 100% sAtisfied&#128521;
B00BCJXLHW perfect for bad ankles I had sprained both ankles numerous times and was instructed to get good walking shoes. These are perfect! Would love other to get another
B00BCJXLHW Will Buy Another Pair The fit is perfect!  They are sturdy, warm, comfortable, and they have a good grip!I bought the brown ones.  I am now thinking about getting the black ones.
B00BCJXLHW Perfect winter boot I purchased this boot after looking for a warm, sturdy, not too bulky shoe and this is perfect! So happy!
B00BCJXLHW Perfect the style and size are perfect fit but I don't know what kind of level the boot would have about waterproof
B00DYQVVT6 Nice Boots! I bought these for my wife to ride horses, they are perfect! Great price and fast shipping.
B00DYQVWZ4 Absolutely love these These shoes are so comfortable, I'll never wear another wedge again! They have not rubbed at all from new, and fit perfect.
B00E41UGSC Timberland walking shoe I love these shoes. Great quality and comfortable, perfect for walking in. The came with prompt service and better quality that I was expecting.
B00E41UQBE Tim boots It was perfect size maybe just a bit bigger but I love im them. Like the red in the bottom also
B00EAKXW6K The best. Perfect.
B00H46N3TI Buy em--they're perfect. Perfect--they stay on! Best boat shoe liner out there.
