B000073TM3 I loved it This was perfect.. It was true to size brand New as suspected and I would recommend this product to anyone
B000073TM3 Have not yet received this product!!!! I have not yet received this product, the estimated date of arrival was on the 14th of this Month. And when I attempt to track I get no where, no one is available to answer my concerns..... so right now I don't know how I feel about this product! Would be nice if someone could give me a call so I could get an idea when to expect my merchandise I have already paid for.
B000073TM3 nice boots this is a great product.  i would buy this product again.  i have no regrets on making this purchase.  dj
B000073TM3 Very good I really like the Product! It was what I really expected! I recommend it completely! I am very happy! Thank You
B000073TM3 Good product my daughter loved her boots they fit true to size and she could not even more happy with them .
B00009WM7J Wonderful product Fit perfectly, grest for work and outdoors also look good with jeans and a blouse. I am extremely happy with my purchace.
B00009WM7J My feeling about your product I love the timberlands.  They are the shoes I needed to have this year and I'm glad I bought it from you.  Thank you very much for your good deals.  Have a great day.
B00009WM7J Too Big! This product fits way too big!  I was disappointed by the lack of information about fitting.  However, the product shipped fast.  Just keep in mind that you should buy this product a size smaller
B00009WM7J Overall Good Product I had shopped around alot trying to find this shoe and was able to locate it with this seller at a good price. The shoe does run a little larger than expected but I just double up on my socks to make it work. Overall Good Product!
B00009WM7J AMAZING PRODUCT Timberland is the quality boot on the market for pleasure and work. Great in the yard, and even better to wear out. Thanks Kanye
B0000AFSX4 Refund to change the size Good afternoon, I am writing in order to make the return of the product, as they are very small in size, I need to be changed by a women's size 8.thank you can send data to which I send the product to be changed.Thank you.Imanol Martinez
B0000AFSX4 Great boots I bought these boots for my toddler daughter this winter. We're very pleased with this product. It's very classic, stylish and well made.
B0000AFSX4 Excellent. Great product.  Great price.  Have recommended the boots to friends.  My child loves them.  The parents of  his friends have been asking where I got them.
B0000AFSYY LOVE Cheaper than in the stores, same product, came in about 1 week and a half, waterproof, get dirty a little easily but just have to clean them. Overall good stuff. I had no issues.
B0000AFSYY Product Review . . . . . . . . . . Terrific fit, great deal and they look good on tiny feet!
B0000AT8CK this is good product I like them and they fit my girl really great, she really wanted them so they were like the perfect gift for her they are a little bit heavy they are perfect because they last forever i really recommend this product for you or to another person. i doesn't matter if is a girl boy kid or men. they are really good and make whichever job possible and easier
B0000DFAXV too large i really love it the model. nice product and very efficent dealer.have no problems with the dealrecomended very nice product but too large
B0007T4IGG Quality problems Right foot waterproof layer serious quality problems, I do not know why such a product manufactured, and sold to customers, hurt my right foot
B000AKVBCQ Satisfied I am very satisfied with the product, I had already 3 other Timberlands but this model seems to be more resistant/robust and I hope it will last for a long time. So far, I recommend.
B000AL1F0S PapaShoes I have not received my product nor has the seller responded to my request for status of my order.  The seller sucks for not responding.
B000B2G1MI good the product was just like its description.  very durable and comfortable. would recommend this product for any one that has kids
B000B2HQ5O Comfortable Nice design and style...also very comfortable....bought it for my 20 months old boy, and it fits him very well...good material...I would definitely recommend this product
B000B2HQ5O Love it! I always buy Timberland boots for my son. It has a great quality. And a great price. I totally recommend this product.
B000BB15ZC good product  not packed properly 2nd time  in a row  2 different sizes in the same box.  Inspector #4 needs a talking to!  this is unexceptionable.
B000BB15ZC Fantastic, very confortable Great pair of boots. it is incredible how soft the feel is once onlook very good, feels great, price reasonable, delivery excellent and product quality superb.Highly recommended product
B000BB15ZC Nice product Beautiful, fit as expected, very nice product. Including the package and the box. I recommend the hiking boot for everyone.
B000BFIHVS Great product for any kind of storm Great product for any kind of storm. I fell in love with this boot since the very first day I picked it up at a local store. I have since had generations of it and I'm on my 5th or 6th pair since 2008
B000BFIHVS Hiker boots Great product- fit to a T- comfortable- just right- packaged well, came sooner than expected. Made a great present for my husbands birthday. Very comfortable he says. Thank you
B000BFIHVS Great Boots Great product-perfect for cold weather in VermontAs described-Quality looks to be high quality.Received by date promised and size is as described
B000BFIHVS Fit just right. Ordered these for my fianc&eacute; and he really loves them. Sturdy shoe that fits as sized. Great product for the price. Almost double in stores!
B000BFIHVS Good Product! I'm very happy with these boots! It wasn't pricey, and is very comfortable!However, I have it for just a week. Let's see if it is durable too.
B000BFIHVS Great product very pleased thanks Very pleased with product liked very much..cant wait to get some that is insulated as well..great deal as well..thanks alot
B000BFIHVS Great Boots These arrived exactly when they were supposed to.  Great price for a really good product.  Would defifitely make future purchases!
B000BFIHVS great boots warm and comfortable ,my firtst timeberland ,made in china ,good quality. They are an amazing product- high quality, great functionality
B000BFIHVS Timberland shoes I received the product in time, good shape and they are exactly as offered. Great quality.
B000BFIHVS TIMBERLAND ! the product fulfilled expectations. good quality, nice and good price. was worth doing this business, I recommend this product. thanks
B000BFIHVS Excellent product Very good product! I totally recommend this product, is perfect for day, night and all time that I need it.
B000BFIHVS ok Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations.Don't describe your seller or shipping experience (you can do that at amazon.com/feedback).Don't include promotional content of any kind or reviews written in exchange for compensation
B000BFIHVS great product for great price Comfortable, waterproof, and good grip as advertised. I would recommend them to anybody. They fit perfectly. I owned another pair of timberland, they were as good.
B000BFIHVS I like these boots would recommend i like the product, thought i dont like the lacing system.  Fits perfect. would recommend...why should i write more then i want to?
B000BFIHVS Comfortable Great hiking boot, Comfortable around the ankles, light, durablei recommend this product to anyone interested in shoes for all purposes outside.
B000BFIHVS Went over very well for my nephew. Went over very well for my nephew. He has a bit of room to grow. Good product!  He was ok with dark boots.
B000BFIHVS So good I got two more pairs. Great product! Bought from DSW last year. Loved them so much, I bought 2 more pairs for a better price here at Amazon. I do recommend a good dabbing of boot/leather waterproofing stuff for extra durability.
B000BFIHVS Love them Chosen from quality brand name Timberland. Great product , great fitPurchased for my son and husband ,No complaints.
B000BFIHVS rugged comfortable, great feel. only draw back is that the product was made in Vietnam. Has been great for on the job.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots Great product! Last a VERY long time. :) Durable. I drive a truck for a living and they are the most comfortable boots ever.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots! Great product.  Just purchased my 6th pair in the past 5 years.  Great that Amazon has this product with such a competitive price.
B000BFIHVS Great looking and comfortable Great looking, comfortable and also rough and resistant boots. Timberland stands for its own quality and I am highly satisfied with this product.
B000BFIHVS tight i like it but the left side is tight but it a great product i am wondering if i could stretch it
B000BFIHVS Good Very good product, but the sizes run a little bit bigger than the usual. In general, good product and confortable
B000BFIHVS Great Product Probably the most comfortable boot I've ever worn. If you wear heavy socks for hiking or in the winter, consider going up a size. Otherwise, it's a great product!
B000BFIHVS Great Love this product! Looks great and feels very comfortable! Would highly recommend this product! Go buy it now! Love it!!
B000BFIHVS Excellent product The item is an excellent product. I wera size 8.5, it felt small at first but after wearing it for a day the boot shaped to my feet.The stiching was very good. I would buy the product again.
B000BFIHVS Nice product but W means really wide! Overall the product is great. It looks nice and has good quality. I only only think I should have ordered normal shoe because it is really wide now. I have a flat foot, so I felt compelled to order the wider shoe, but it turned out to be somewhat loose for me.
B000BFIHVS very comfortable Excelent product from timberlandfull all my expectation and are very comfortable.they are very resistant protect ankles with security
B000BFIHVS Excellent The order was received on time, even though the original order was not in the stock , it is good standing and  it looks like it is appeared. I like it, and I recommend this product .The company' stuff are very helpful, and replied to all my emails.
B000BSHE46 Good for Walking, Way Too Fragile for Hiking I am usually very satisfied with Timberland products, especially for their durability, but this shoe is a real disappointment. The term "hiker" in the name couldn't be more wrong. Granted, this is a great product for regular walking, and if you do a lot of city walking, then I would highly recommend this shoe because it's fast, form fitting, and very comfortable. As an aside, this product is shipped with shoelaces that are way too long, and are made of a heavy and slippery material that causes them to untie very easily. That's not a true product defect, but prepare to buy new laces if you order these shoes. Otherwise, at first glance this appears to be a quality Timberland product.But that's for city walking only, or maybe light trails at best. I enjoyed this shoe for regular daily use for a couple of months, but then I went on an actual hike, on a real trail in the woods, and unknowingly inflicted catastrophic damage to this "hiking" shoe. At some point I scraped up against something with an edge, a rock or a stick, but this was such a minor occurrence that I didn't even notice when it happened. But later I looked down to find that with every step, large wads of down were squirting out of the side of one of the shoes. I had torn a hole in the fabric portion. Since this happened on a typical hike on a typical forest trail, in a very minor mishap that I didn't even notice, then that tells you that this shoe is way too fragile for the "hiking" that is implied in the product name. Meanwhile, the damaged shoe appears to be un-repairable unless I get it done by a professional seamstress, and probably at great cost. No adhesive-based repair that I can think of is working, because the fabric is a non-stick vinyl-like material. So I went on one extremely non-hazardous hike, and probably ruined this "hiking" shoe forever. For the folks at Timberland, I recommend that they change the name of this product and advertise how fragile it is. For the consumer, I would recommend this shoe only for pavement in town. [~doomsdayer520~]
B000C2EU2K Great product . Great fit ! Great product . Great fit !
B000E9ZPKC Problems with shipping The product presented delays to be given, due to an error in the delivery direction, on the part of Amazon
B000FX9A5S Excelent boot Second time, great product, nothing less, just but it. Timberland has a great boot in here and I love it, highly recomended.
B000FX9A5S Great !!! My boyfriend absolutely loved them. They ran true to size and fit perfect. I would recommend this product to others.
B000G1Z9XG Excelent product but please take care of the customer The product is excellent, the shipping time was perfect, but as an international customer I needed a receipt on the box for custom purposes. I was being overcharged for shipping just because of this issue. Please for future reference always, always put a receipt with the box. I would definitely buy from your company again but please place this as a very important suggestion.
B000G1Z9XG Authentic product The product is very good, and would indeed recommend it to others. I only need replacement as size is smaller.
B000G1Z9XG Rocks!! Great product... 100% Recommended.. Fits great and looks great!. The style is more like an police officer / Soldier (Authoritative). Very comfortable and shiny! just like any other product from Timberland, im in love with product!!
B000G21BSC Will buy from you again Not only do you offer a great product - but when I need some customer service you guys responded without question.Thanks for standing behind your products :)
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots this product was exactly what was described. The order came on time and was exactly the item and size that I ordered. I am very pleased!
B000G23DQK great this product arrived 2 days faster than expected right on time to put under the tree my son will love them !
B000G23DQK REAL TIMBS SOLD HERE I LOVE MY TIMBS FROM THIS COMPANY ... THEY WERE VERYFRESH AND LAST A LONG TIME ... THE BOX WAS A LITTLEBEAT UP ... BUT WILL BUT AGAIN .....GREAT PRICE ANDA GREAT PRODUCT
B000G23DQK great product Great boot for work or fashion I'm a size 10.5 and this boot runs a tad big but a 10 would be too small but overall great product
B000G23DQK Great product This is an excellent product,and the color is very appealing to the eye,Not to mention its waterproof!I ordered this almost a month ago and its still in great condition.Amazon addressed all my concerns and has the best costumer service.Thank You.
B000G23DQK disappointed I'm really disappointed of this product that was the second  stuff I bought from amazon with problem.I hope you guys has to pay attention this is a fake product from timberlandso much money with a one fake product sorry I'm really disappointed with this.
B000G23DQK Fake Timberland I bought this product assuming that it is real..But unfortunately it is made in China and fake..I would never believe if someone says amazon sells fake product..=(
B000G23DQK Great! Great product it fit as expected! My husband loved the fit and the price is great. Always a good product!
B000G23DQK Exactly as advertised I love the product that I received. It truly is up to my standards and sure makes me want to acquire more in the future.
B000G23DQK Great product Highly recommend! Sturdy, waterproof, comfy. The quality is very very good.Ihave discount when buying, very cost-effective.I think we can use several years.Great product
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots... ROCK!  There's a reason why they have been in business so long.  Great, Classic, Product that never goes out of style.
B000G23DQK High quality and good service I choose this boy to gift my boy friend , and felt very satisfy with the product whom match the specifications and the seller is very professional. Good price as wellI higher recommended!
B000G2419S High quality, great product A bit pricey, but well worth it.  Strong, high quality leather and a very nice look as well.  I would recommend.
B000G24LJS No Issues! Great service great product.
B000G24LJS Bargain Priced lower than elsewhere and traditional Timberland quality (leather interior) -- they retain their comfort and last longer. Store and product both recommended!
B000G24LJS Good Quality We received our order on time and they were the quality we expected of Timberland.  We would purchase this product again.
B000G24LJS Timberland Shoes Product looked great .. and very clean and well kept ... very reliable .. .really liked this ... I think buying on line is better at store ..
B000G24LJS very good product. unfortunately, they were too tight, but the product itself was intact and recommended.. i needed a 12.5. but highly recommended.
B000G24LJS TIMBERLAND THIS IS A CLASSIC, THIS IS THE SHOE, THIS IS THE BEST, THIS IS QUALITY, WHAT ELSE......?AMAZING PRODUCT, AMAZING BRAND
B000G24LJS Great Winter Shoe As always Timberland puts out a great product. A great balance between style and warmth, They are also built to last.
B000HGZRYQ Great product Always preferred Timberland.  Well made and would recommend to all.  Size is accurate as well.  They last a long time.
B000NCGJH8 Good Product Everything happened in the way it was advertised. I have received it in the time stated and I am happy with the product.
B000NKIGNK Great product This is a very comfortable shoe.It also looks very nice.  I like the Black and Brown style.Good for casual and church.
B000NKIGNK OUTSTANDING PRODUCT IS THE USUAL FROM TIMBERLAND. FITS PERFECT. VERY TRUE TO SIZE.OUTSTANDING VALUETHANK YOU
B000NKIGNK Pleased I was pleased with this product.  It arrived in a timely fashion and looked like it appeared on the Amazon web site.  It is a comfortable shoe with style.  Again, I am pleased.
B000NKIGNK timberland is the best and so are you amazon i am extremely pleased with the product it was exactly what i wanted for my husband.thank you amazon.
B000T8SVUE Great service and price Product was shipped and arrived earlier than expected. Great price saved $15 purchasing it on Amazon.
B000TK6IMA Extremely satisfied! Great product! Strong stylish shoe. Thank you! My son says they are very comfortable to wear. They arrived in a timely fashion.
B000UCCQEQ Excelent product. Comfortable, good price and excelente performance. Buy this product, the seller good. The product it doesn't have  comparation. Give something yourself to take care you feet.
B000VI8VBG Good product This is a good product, a little bit narrow taking into account that is 9M, but I hope it can stretch
B000VI8VBG LOVE IT! Great product - Grandson loves them....purchased as part of school uniform but great with dress outfits as well.  Would recommend to others and will purchase again.
B000VIAOMU this is a great product for kids!!!! very durable can hold up to whatever they dish out!!!! A++++++++ This is a great product for kids!!! it is very durable can withstand anything they can dish out!!! My husband and i bought these for out 3 almost 4 year old...he is constantly tripping over curbs and stuff and totally destroying the toes of his shoes...these boots have a rubberized cover over the toe portion of his boots and are water proof so all around i give this A++++++++++!!!!!!
B000VIAOMU Nice Product I'm very delighted anytime i see my son wearing it. It's nice, comfortable and of good quality. It's a great product and i'll recommend for all boys
B000VIAOMU EXCELENT The product arrived in good condition, has scratches and has not been used by others. WAS REQUESTED ON MY ACCOUNT AND THERE WAS NO PROBLEM IN DELIVERY. Good brand, has great performance and is what I want for my son
B000VQ9QKS Good  product Enjoy the product, except I didn't like the shoe laces.  They didn't match the shoes, in my opinion.
B000VQBPOS Great value! The product arrived promptly. The quality of item is outstanding and the pricing is reasonable (especially for this particular item - good old reliable Timberland shoes). It really is a great buy - so much so, that I will be purchasing the men's version of this Timberland classic for my son. We know that a Timberland shoes' quality can be counted on.Thank you very much.
B000VW69IY Sandals For Big Feet Product was as advertised in every way!  14-D is what I ordered and that is what I received.  Well constructed, very light, fits great.  I have received several very positive comments  from friends.I don't usually write reviews on anything but I had to about these.You can't go wrong.G. S. Grand Rapids, Mi.
B000VW69IY QUALITY DEFFICIENCY. THE PRODUCT QUALITY IS NOT CONSISTENT WITH THE QUALITY SHOWN AT AMAZON WEBSITE.THE PRODUCT SHOWN ON AMAZON IS MUCH MORE SUPERIOR TO THE ACTUAL QUALITY.
B000VW69IY Another Great Timberland Product The sandals seem slightly tight at first but very comfortable with some minor adjustment. The stitch and workmanship are just perfect. Though the price is slightly at high end with the international shipping, it's well packed by Amazon. Highly recommended!
B000VW69IY High quality product These have become my everyday shoe (sandal) in the roughest of conditions. Rocky, dirt, hot roads - they stand up to it all! Great product and extremely comfortable from the day I first put them on.
B000VW69IY Pure Bliss I highly recommend this product.It looks good and feels good. An extremely comfortable sandal. I normally do not bother doing reviews, however this product is really worth it.
B000VX01V4 Inferior Product The RH Shoe was made of a poorer quality leather than the Left Hand. Also there was a scratch in the leather on the heel.I am not happy with the quality.Regards
B000VX01V4 Great shoe at a great price. No matter what country the product is manufactured Timberland makes sure the product matches their good name. This was a great choice.
B000VX01V4 great price, colour and fits well. great shoes. fits perfect and the colour is the best. very unique. money well spent. thanks for such a great product
B000VX01V4 Simply Super It is very comfortable and extra class product, i am very very pleased that i have such a nice shoes, i trust this brand.....
B000VX01V4 5 I WOULD LIKE TO DO BEFORE I KNEW CONFIRMATION OF MY ORDER THE FINAL PRICE OF PRODUCT AND NOT HAVING ALREADY BEEN CHARGED MY CARD.!!The product received WITH DELAYTHE NUMBER WAS GOOD!THE PRODUCT AND VERY GOOD!THANK YOU
B000VX03GC Great product for deserts I used these boots in Atacama Desert and it really avoided sand and water. It's really light and comfortable. Highly recommend.
B000VX03GC Excellent product ... 10 stars .. Very lightweight and comfortable, much more than I expected for mountaineering boots for this price, They look strong and durable, just I have, for the first impression is of a high quality product 10 stars for Timberland
B000VX03GC boots size too big - product should specify country of origin. This item is made in China, I always thought Timberland products were made in USA
B000VX03GC TImberland 15130 good product for the price, last about 3 months on the heavy work job, will buy another pair very soon  Thanks
B000VX03GC Good service Good service. Was bought for my son and he doesn't live close But he was very pleased about the product and the service.
B000VX03GC Amazon needs to fix the product description! I work in single digit temperatures on a freight dock and I was disappointed to find out that these are not insulated in any way. These shoes did not fit my current needs, so I had to return them. Please look at Timberland's official website for an accurate product description.
B000VX03GC Durable I purchased this product for my husband who is a Journeyman in the HVAC trade.  He needed a product that would stand up to the brutal daily work of a Tradesman, and is also water proof.  This is a great product for everyday use in the field.
B000VX03GC great Great product, fit for me too good, the Tommy wallet is a good product too, I'll buy others timberland boots...thanks...
B000VX03WQ Like the Product Fast Shipping and a good product.
B000VX03WQ good product been a fan of timberland since the early '90s.....the package came as scheduled, delivery was a non issue.....comfortable and stylish....
B000VX03WQ great buy Great product always worth the cost. Highly recommend. Seem as though they get better every year. Perfect for working and hiking outside.
B000VX03WQ Smooth Delivery and New Product The delivery came right on time and the boots were new and untouched. Couldn't have been any better.
B000VX03WQ great product great product....does damn well in winters under massive abuse. But cannot handle a massive abuse in a tropical jungle. Did a 7 day track up a tropical jungle mountain. this boot was the only one that survive, but took a real beating. very comfortable. I like the wide fit for my somewhat flat foot. great cushion to absorb shocks
B000VX04MU Well made product! I have been wearing the timberland product for more than 15 years now, and I am just as pleased now as I was with my first purcahse of this product.
B000VX6ET2 Timberland Product Im very satisfied with this product. Amazon is a great online site to shop from an I continue to purchase more items from them.
B000X08XB0 Not Timeberland's best. Ran a full size smaller than purchased, so I had to return and pay the postage for the manufacturer error. Yes, I have bought several products from Timberland so this has not been a problem in the past. Timberland should note the size issue on the product. Found a better product from another manufacturer for a lower price.
B000XEAA0S They comfortable fit right slip Resistance the best work boats Ive seen thanks a lot wonderful product great price 50 dollars ch They comfortable fit right slip Resistance the best work boats Ive seen thanks a lot wonderful product great price 50 dollars cheaper than retail...
B000XEAA0S Very satisfied!!!! I just received this product today, two days before the promised delivery! I was so pleased with the quality of the product! They look great and are exactly as advertised! What makes this an awesome seller is I accidentally ordered the wrong size, when I realized my error I had already submitted the order! I sent an email to the seller and in no time they replied and guaranteed they would correct my mistake! And when I opened the package today, the product was perfect! I will order from them again in the future for any similar needs! Great seller!
B000XEAA0S Great price and quality! This is the second time that I've purchased this product.  It fits well and it lasts longer than many competitors.  I will be buying a new pair soon just so that I can alternate to extend the life even longer.  Great product.
B000XEACHO timberland pro 47001 I ma extremely please with this product. Timberland is truly a high end manufacturer of products. Very very good quality, comfortable, strong, great sole. I am in the construction industry and only wear Timberland.
B000XEAJOK great they fit great ,hardly no break in.would buy this product again and again and again and again and even again.
B000XEAMXS Great product and price Exactly what my husband wanted.  Great price too!!  I was able to get them very quickly as well.  Have nothing bad to say at all.
B000XEAPDA It is an excellent product that does what it has provided on the page, Congratulations on the quality of the product and its fe It is an excellent product that does what it has provided on the page, Congratulations on the quality of the product and its features
B000XEBX4K good product good product.except for the soles which are not vibram so i dont expect them to last that long. only about a quarter of an inch tread new. also not gore tex. But for 80 bucks its a great deal
B000XEEQAI Boots I am satisfied with this product.  The boots are light and warm.  I would recommend this product to other customers.
B000XEEQAI Great product These boots are the cats Meow!  I love them, I tried them on in the store to verify the fit and I ordered them from Amazon because they were $55 cheaper for the same boot.  The shipping was super fast and the product was exactly as decribed.
B000XEEW9S Great product As expected Timberland doesn't disappoint.  These boots are great.  They fit as expected, are very comfortable and take a good shine.
B000XEH2JA The product was what it said it would be. The product was what it said it would be. We have had this same boot ordered before from other places.
B000XEIZ7S Good looking. This boots look very nice and they are very comfortable.They are lite weight and very well made.I recommend this product.
B000XEIZ7S Very Confortable!! I have been using them for two weeks and are very cofortable and light weight.  They fit as expected. I think I they will need some product to care the leather because the field conditions are very hard. I will put five stars according their performance in the time.Very Good product!!
B000XEIZ7S Bad quality Took me very long  to do a review about this boot, because about 3 month ago i started using this product  for this winter, there soft and nice  what i expect for a company like Timberland, but the bad thing after three month  they cracked in the bottom, both boot left and right, that told me the bad quality  of this product. I was expected some good product for the value of this boot ,but i was wrong,  now i have to through those away.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland Pro They fit perfectly. Have only worn for two days, but very comfortable also. I would recommend these boots. Quality product.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable for the work day. Nice product!  I have worked on ships for years and never tried the Timberland product.  These boots actually have an insole that you don't have to remove right away and replace.  The leather is pre-softened and ready to use.
B000XEIZ7S TimPro's Great boots, my 4th pair. Very comfortable, without a breakin time. They come waterproofed, no need to bother with that. I highly recommend this product.
B000XEIZ7S Customer satisfaction of Timberland Products Good & perfect. Keep your best quality for ever to make your customer happy and satisfy with your product all over the world.
B000XEJ9V4 timberland pro is a great product and great value for money and a shoe that I recommend to all a good buy greeting to all this I recommend it
B000XEJ9V4 As usual, great product My boyfriend loves these boots.  I buy him a new pair every 2 years or so because it's all he wears.  Highly recommend!!
B000XEJ9V4 Great Product, Will definantly buy again Great product, and if you buy the toe protectors last twice as long depending on what field you work in.  This is the 2nd or 3rd pair we've bought from same vendor and quality is great, shipping speed even better.
B000XEKHOC Timberland PRO boots I have used Timberland boots for 25 years now so you can said I am very partial to this product. I have not found anything better for my flat feet.
B000XEKHOC Good product They are a little wide. This is typical in boots however so it was expected. Nice grip a nd durability.
B000XEKHOC Great fit and product This is a great product.  I'm always leary of ordering clothing on line, but this product is perfect.  I'm on my feet all day and this shoe has the best comfort of any product I have used in the past.  Great support and confort.
B000XEKHOC Timberland PRO I ordered these boots for motorcycle riding and I like them a lot,they fit well,they're comfortable and last but not least they're impervious to water.A very good product.
B000XEKIUK happy customer I've. Ordered this product for work, and I'm very pleased. They are very good looking and very comfortable. They are great for the price and shipping only took about a week so I'm very satisfied. Good job amazon!
B000XEKK94 quality boots Comfortable quality product at a good price, no complaints so far. Definately recommend and will probably do business with again
B000XEKK94 good product The shoes are very comfortable, not too heavy, as expected. Good finished and fit very well, I think is a very nice product
B000XEKK94 good product had a section of the tongue on one boot that caused some initial discomfort. otherwise I liked these boots from day one. been wearing them for about a month and no problems so far.
B000XEKK94 Great product I used to wear multi and dura shock wolverines, until I found these. This boot is so comfortable. Right out of the box they fit great. Only concern is that I work in alot of mud and water and the deep lugs on the bottom track a mess everywhere I walk.
B000XEKK94 So not fairly sized I have bought At least ten pairs and these are just wrong i strongly do not recommend this product sadly
B000XELF3O great product Great work boots!!! Just as expected. Will buy another set in a couple of months just to have an extra pair!
B000XELF3O Great work boots! Great product would highly advise to buy. I feel i got quality for my money.I would buy this product again.
B000XELF3O Good product Good product that last a good while Good value for the product As a comfortable with a great look look
B000XELF3O good quality excelent product product with excelent quality Its recommend by me to every use. camping, work, daily use, scaling all terrain. only you must included other cords.
B000XELF3O Very good product. Nice looking, totally made for hard work, soft skin and very comfortable.A 100% of my expectations I'd say better than any other boot for working purposes.
B000XELF3O Not a good product!!!! The pair I recieved had a bump by the arch. With them on it was like stepping on a rock!!!! Mine were size 13, maybe others would be better.
B000XELF3O The product is as I expected. This product is exactly as I thought. It's wonderful, the color is exactly as in the picture and I won a shoelace as a gift. I recomend it.
B000XELF3O great product this is exactly what i wanted to have.not only it fits comfortably,it is durable and is not that heavy as i thought.this product will last very long.
B000XELF3O Great Boot I've been working in the woods and wearing these boots to perform home improvement projects and they are terrific.  They are at home as much chopping wood as working on a ladder.  They provide a stable base and are tough as nails.  A great product.
B000XELF3O Good Timbs These are a nice product. Came as advertised. The fit is a little snug, I got the wide fit and only have had them for a few weeks now so they probably will stretch out a little. other than that they are great boots. Shipping was quick
B000XELF3O I LIKE IT I simply love this product, very comfortable and easy to work on, I recommend it to anyone, you don't feel you're wearing safer shoes.
B000XELF3O Excellant product I choose Timberland as its a product I know. Living in the UK, its hard to find a decent steel toe capped boot but I thought I would take the plunge and try these. I paid all taxes etc to get them to the UK and I have not been disappointed!. They were initially hard to wear in, but once worn in they fit like a dream. The most comfortable boots I've ever worn and will definitely buy again when needed. Thankyou for shipping to the UK!!!!
B000XELF3O Quick service!!! This came just I time for my return to work from a foot related injury. Great fit and good product !
B000XELF3O You won't be dissapointed great looking boot durable. I wore them all day long when I received them and they were very comfortable. They look great for work or play. I am very satisfied with this product
B000XELF3O good but the metal piece  is touching my foot fingers, the size feels ok the colors doesn't match with the product photos.
B000XETJU0 great product Fast delivery, great product, very warm and comfortable and good price, we checked around and it was the best price.  Thanks  We will recommend to friends.
B000XETJU0 Nice I'm very happy with my product, I received it ahead of schedule. Neat packing, as well as prefect product details, such as size and color. Thanks again for all the help! Ill be back!
B000XETJU0 Timberland pro These boots are a great product.  I read the reviews before I purchased them and they were right.  These boots were very comfortable from the beginning.  Thank you Amazon for carrying great products.
B000XETU1I It was comfortable and classics. I brought it as a casual boots. and i love this design. and it looks good and it was really damn comfortable. , the size was fit as expected. totally no problem at all with this product. expect for 1 problem. which is a minor one . or totally non-existence for me which is the picture is not true to the colour. in the image it was some what brown. but the real product is some what a lighter version something like red-orangish..
B000XEVJJO great product never have to break them in. they always fit just right. will keep buying in the future. pricing just right.
B000XEVJJO good hi! Goog morning, i like this product very much... all good. hi! Goog morning, i like this product very much... all good
B000XEVJJO They look good. I cannot say whether they're comfortable or not because I bought them for someone else, but by the way they reacted, they were really happy with the product.
B000XEVLF6 Great Product I bought these for my boyfriend.This product is sturdy fit very well very comfortable goes threw a lot of wear and tear but I expect them to last for a long time to come. I expect to be back for more in and year or two (probably longer if my boyfriend didn't eat threw shoes like no ones business!)
B000XEVLF6 Working Shoes good product, very comfortable, they look sharp as well.  Have used for only 2 weeks, will post again after 3 months.
B000XEVLF6 Excellent product This product is excellent, this is the second time i purchase this product, and my prior purchase was satisfactory as well, having to change it only because they worn off about 3 yrs after use. I'm an engineer and this is my footwear of choice, well designed, light on it's feel, and very rough on all sides! Complies with OSHA and all safety requirements my job demands. Will definetively purchase again once the are worn again.
B000XEVLF6 great product h/b wearing these boots for YEARS and I LOVE them!  my ONLY complaint-they're not waterproof!  during the winter I'm forced to wear another style of Timberland.  ALWAYS Timberland tho.
B000XEVM50 Great Service! Fast. Great Product The shoes are comfortable and long lasting. They hold up to my husbands large feet and long hours on concrete floor in machine shop. Shipping was fast and accurate. Thanks!!
B000XEW60K Good product It is perfect shose to wear. It good quality and confortable to wear, but has hard material which may need to be considered before to buy. The material is good quality.It is stylish and safety shose at the sams time. I am recommended to buy this product if can handel this kind of hard material.Thanks
B000XEW60K Does exactly what I expected Product as described.  Came in a timely manner.  They are a little stiff getting on, but that's to be expected on new shoes.  Once they're on they fit great.
B000XEX67M great i gave this product a five star because it is a great working boot and looks great i will recommend highly the product
B000XEXEYW Wrong Product This is not what i order, recieve another product, worst, the wrong size too, is impossible to return form anothe country too expensive. lost my money with thi purchase
B000XF04LM AMAZING This Product Is amazing I asked my son to drive a car over my foot with the shoe on and my foot was perfectly fine This is great for cops
B000XF4D1Y Great product Shoe fits well, the padding inside could be a bit thicker and the laces could be longer but overall very nice product.
B000XF4D1Y great shoes My husband purchased these shoes for work and he is very picky about how his shoes fit and he comfort. He says the more you wear them the better they feel and still look great! Great product and great price. Highly recommend this product for people working on cement floors for long hours.
B000XR2GN4 Great boot Great product. Have always had good luck with titans. Very comfortable and very durable. I work 12 hour shifts and have no com
B000XR2GN4 nice product very comfortable like the color the  fit is great would definitely buy again out of words but review makes you write twenty
B000XR2GN4 Boots As expected.  The product was perfect just as I knew it would be. Thanks go the great service. Good bye
B000XR2GN4 Lousy product Soles cracked within 2 months of light were, I mean indoor only use.  Lousy product Timberland used to be good but they have really gone downhill lately.  Won't buy another one of their foot wear.
B000XR2GN4 Great Boots! I have always been partial to Timberland shoe product and these boots are of the same high quality.  Quick to break-in and wear comfortably.  The vendor shipped/delivered them quickly as promised in perfect condition.  Great looking, sturdy boot.  Definate good buy.  Best price anywhere online.
B000XR2W1U Good shoes Once you break it in, it is comfortable. :) Product quality matched as per advertisement. Great pair to have for work.
B000XR2W1U great women's work boot very comfortable - lightweight -sturdywell worth the price - timberland is always a product that the consumer can depend on
B000XXGMRO How can you go wrong? Timberland always makes a quality product and this boot is no exception! And at the Amazon price......how can you go wrong?
B000XXGMRO real leather, real boots very fast service and nice product. looks like timberland has gone the extra mile to give you a great fit.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeeper boots So far the product seems great. I love the look and the comfort is nice. Time will tell if they hold up like they should, but to this point all is great.
B000XXGMRO Great product, mine was a dud within three weeks the front rubber sole started to peel off from the rest of the boot. It is a great looking shoe but I am disappointed in the quality
B000XXGMRO Great product I bought this product and i know i made a good decision because the product is good, fit me good and i like how to smell to lol.
B000XXGMRO this product looks and feels awesome i found the product very comfortable and it fits perfect. it looks better than the picture and does not hurt at all
B000XXGMRO are extremely comfortable Very good price. Easy comfortable shoes. Very comfortable and warm. Very soft leather. Size of the product as declared on the label I appreciate them very much
B000YD4KBS Pleased with product When I received the boots I thought they would not hold up and would not be comfortable. I was wrong and I'm extermley please with these boots.
B000YDBIJU Grate it Thank for this product!M foot feels well and very confortable.It looks pretty and useful. I'l tell to a friend.
B000YDBIJU Timberland Men's Altamont Fisherman Sandal, Black, 13W My sister gave me a pair for my birthday. Has a very comfortable fit, the color is perfect, and the workmanship is excellent. Loved it so much, I ordered this product for my son and it arrived in 3 business days. I highly recommend this product.
B0010L9KDQ Great Deal Boots arrived safe and timely.  Product was in great shape and clean!  Thanks!
B0016J8XBW great product Great product.  I would recommend it to anyone.  It is strong and sturdy and the lace holds when its tied.
B0016ZWIQW Timberland I received product and I can say that it is good, but to compare with other same size shoes it is little bit longer, but it's OK. so far I'm very satisfied.
B001701ZA6 timberland boots The boot is very nice and comfortable, after a person gets it on. The tops of the boots are a little too snug and maybe you could tell me how to stretch them out in order to avoid such a difficult time getting them on. Otherwise, a great product.
B001704YR2 This product not fit i had a problem with the width, it doesn't fit. I recommend to ask for the exact or half height it deals less
B001ABTE7S Good deal!  Love my boots! Timberland is a good product.  I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland.  Theses boots do have a solid fit, as one customer stated, but the fit is very comfortable!  Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather.  Highly recommended.  The price is extremely low for a Timberland product. This boot is a winner!
B001AQU9S6 Boots Hi, I'm from Colombia, it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents, I'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men's Euro Hiker Boot,Grey/Grey,7 M US
B001AQU9S6 Good Product Nice color comfortable boot and its sexy, can wear casually or with a suit in nasty weather, pricey but Timberland boots are. This is my 5th pair of Tims but the most comfortable
B001BFD3PC boots The quality of this product is superior and the delivery time was optimal Advertiserbuscar
B001EBJU82 Great product The most comfortable and longest lasting steel toe boot I've had on a drilling rig. You'll be glad you bought this product.
B001EWFF30 Good working shoes Find this product of good quality, confortable and looks great.I would recomended to anyone.It is just as described on the pictures and it arrived on time as promised.
B001EWFF30 Very comfortable and durable. These are very well made hiking boots that are well constructed and uses strong materials.  I was surprised how well they fit even on the first wear.  They have become more comfortable with each week.  Very good product for the price.
B001EWFF30 Timberland Men's Boot This ia GOOD PRODUCT and it lived up to its reputation.  I was so happy to see we can finally get a good product for a fair price, with a good seller.  Good service, fast delivery.  Yes, I would buy from this seller again.I bought this for my husband's birthday and he is very happy with the product too.  So I would recommend the boot to anyone asking............
B001EWFF30 NICE Great product for  a good price, color, size fit, everything as expected, I wolud recomend it to my best friends.
B001EWFF30 Great product In my country these boots will be arround U$200.The are worm and dry.Very confortable.Little large for me, but nothing to de dissapointed.Greatly recommended.
B001EWFF30 great product great boot for the price, good support, very satisfied.would recommend to all outdoors people who do a lot of walking over heavy terrain
B001FXZU92 Timberland Pro Men's 52562 The boots are comfortable and are what I expected.Would recommend for any maintenance ware.It is my first time order with the PRO product, so I'll have to see howthey compare to prior boots.
B001FXZU92 Poor Quality When you open the box and an eyelet pops off the boot before you even put them on how would you rate a product like this?
B001FXZU92 Terrible product!!! Hello, I have always purchased Timberland work boots, but I am not quite sure what happened with this product! I can feel on my toes the boots thread and its making me have blisters! I have never suffer from blisters on my toes, these are not comfortable at all, I am very surprised at the quality of these boots, I honestly think that I got defective boots.I do not recommend this item at all!
B001FXZU92 Great Product!! Timberland Boots are the best. Very Durable, yet they are comfortable and look good.I would highly recommend to anyone.
B001JAHPCG this product is of poor quality this product is of poor quality is the same day that I broke resivi, the material is of poor quality and is resistant, in fact when you buy these glasses was very emcionado and resive but when not...
B001JAHQI4 Just as Ordered and Early Too! Very pleased with the product. It came just as described and arrived a full day earlier than expected.
B001JEP4F2 Timberland Men's Earthkeepers I am very satisfied with this product! These are very comfortable shoes. Color is great and style is nice. I recommend it
B001L1DBQC Great Boots These boots are very comfortable. As long as this style of boot is available I will continue to buy...Awsome product Timberland. I can't say enough. I was very pleased with my first set so I had to buy another.
B001L1DBQC nice beautiful product , confort and fiability ...i dont even want anymore to work with it ...i definitvly gonna stay an adept of timberland
B001L1DBQC very comfortable Very comfortable boot. This is my second pair and intend on buying the same again when the time comes. I would recommend this product.
B001PBK87I satisified Very satisified with the price and quality of the product. The delivery time was as promised. Thank you.
B001PBK87I The boots fit okay They fit nicely and look durable, but the side of the right boot came pre-scratched. I was disappointed with the quality of the product.
B001SARJXC Thank you very much for this product!!! Easy to put on, comfortable to wear. I really like it. I wanted to buy it long time ago but they were pricey.
B001SARJXC Great boots! As always provided by the Timberland brand, this is just one more amazing product that I look forward to wearing.
B001SARJXC Loved the Product BUT... I'm normally not one to complain. Things happen, especially when we are talking about shipment and delivery of any type of product. That being said, I am incredibly disappointed with the delivery time of this product. I paid for the prime membership for one specific reason, impatience. I order a product, I would like it as soon as possible, for the lowest price possible. I ordered these boots on the 5th of January. I received them on the 13th of January. I find this unacceptable and I am very disappointed. I will certainly think twice about renewing my Prime membership if this happens with any regularity.
B001SARJXC As described... Good product. Comfortable as described. Fit as expected. Very water resilient. I would purchase these boots again. Cost was $85.  5-stars.
B001U89NK4 Comfy, Stylish & Rugged I was looking for something stylish but with the ability to withstand long hours of walking or standing if necessary.  Turns out this product is perfect for my needs.  The product fits well and can stand up to punishing conditions including rain, snow and dirty loading docks.  With these boots I can do my job effectively while retaining my femininity and style.  While the delivery took a while, I am glad to have made this purchase.
B001UE701C Perfect product! These boots came in just in time for a week of hiking, atv riding, and plenty of outdoor fun, the boots got wet...but my sons feet stayed comfortable and dry! Great great product!
B001VNCKJ4 Nice service but no shipping feedback at all The product is perfect and it was delivered in advance.However, the seller didn't give me any feedback till the product was already delivered.
B002ASAJPG They work for me! I have worn these boots on construction sites for a couple weeks now and have no real complaints about them. They are a tad heavier than my old ones but seem very well constructed. Seems like a good product!
B002ASAKN2 great service this time.. Need to get a size 9 it fits too small other than that I am happy for the service and the product that was offered.
B002ASAKN2 Bad quality Bad quality for the pricetoo heavythey started ripping off after 2 1/2 monthsdisappointed.if you want to hurt your knees and your wallet, just buy these product
B002ASAKN2 OK I feel this product is so so , so I choose three star.this is my friend's shoes, not me, My friend like.I search this product by my self.
B002ASAKN2 Great Product! Great comfort from day one!!Will always purchase Timberland Pro!!I highly recommend these boots to all!!Can't go wrong!
B002QVGQQS Yes Arrived quickly and a very good boot, I am a fan of timberlands, and will continue to purchase this product
B002XKJXD0 Pleather I was happy to find boots for my 2.5 year old that didn't cost and arm and a leg.  After reading the product description and the reviews I decided to order a pair for him.  However, the boots I recieved are not the product that is advertised.  I thought I was buying a pair of Timberland leather boots, the boots I recieved felt and looked like plastic.  They are supposed to be a sueded leather, and these are shiney and have a slight sparkle to them.  It is illegal to sell knock off products.  If I don't recieve a return/full refund I will be contacting AmEx to dispute the charge.
B002XKJXD0 too cheap to be true The price is what made me buy this product but when I got them they do not look original , this are some synthetic man made material boots .
B002YOMJPY Great product. Timberline hiking type boots is a great product. I have had two pairs of brown boots and decided to get the black ones. They are comfortable right out of the box and get better with age. I highly recommend this product.
B002YOMJPY LOVE THIS BOOT THIS PRODUCT WAS BETTER THAN EXPECTED THE FIT IS BETTER THAN I'VE EVER GOTTEN WHEN I HAVE GONE INTO STORES
B002YOMJPY nice boot I bought this item because im new to an colder climate then im use to,great price,fit,an quailaty I recommend this product
B002YOMJPY Trust these guys perfect deal!! Amazing comfort and fit ready to wear upon arrival felt perfectly broken in already. What a great product.
B002YOMJPY Product perfomance Working in a car wash environment this product showed signs of moisture in the right boot during the first 35 days of use.  Unfortunately I am not able to exchange this product I missed the window for returns by one day.
B002YOMJPY Prices I like better prices and I like more offer and sales. Keep improving. We will appreciate it. Good quality of product.
B002YOMJPY Great product Great service thank you, great deals and fast.  Would recommend to anyone. Good timing and fit perfectly very happy with it
B002YOMJPY Great boots! They arrived very quickly and fit just fine. So far I've found them quite comfortable and light. Thanks for a great product.
B002YOMJPY I always trust Timberland. Good fit, great looking shoe.  Always a great product from Timberland. I will always order Timbeland in the future. yeah
B002YOMJPY Love them They are a perfect fit and I'm very satisfied. I highly recommend this product and would not hesitate in purchasing a second pair.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot. I rated a four star, because it fit the right size shoe for me.I required is product to my family and friends as well.
B002YOMJPY Very nice boots! Simple but stylish design. Product quality is great. They are also very comfortable.I think next time I'll buy them again.
B002YOMJPY Great product. These shoes I bought mainly because they're waterproof while still got some style to them. They fit comfortably and keep the water out 100% of the time. Couldn't be happier
B0034G558E Great product The timberland earth keeper buckle boots are beautiful just to tight I guess they tryn small! They are very well made and well worth every dollar!
B0034G558E Good This product is good. And the color is just what I expect. I like this product and want to buy the similar product here.
B0034G5KAC Great product.. This boots is very comfortable to wear. And this is a real leather and real size. I definitely recommend this product.
B0034XRXDC Great stuff! It's definitely another great product from Timberland. It's the first time I'm buying shoes on-line and  I'm happy to receive always the top quality product I'm used to from Timberland. Size 10 is always fitting me perfect; found them very soft and deal well with rain. I'm staying with Timberland.
B0034XRZEE Exelent product the best up to date Exelent product the best Timberland shoe's I've owned to date. Almost Every person has to be with these shoes, I bought it 12 but my size is 11.5 nevertheless i think 11.5 would have been well. Thanks Timberland.
B0034XS2WS Excellent Nice and comfortable shoes. Good product. Keep working nice and good. Dont change for nothing. this product are amazing and beautiful
B0035LD2II Great Boot Overall Great experience with the seller and the product. the boot looks and feels great. only had them for3 days and i have worn them for two of those three days. Very comfortable to ware all day long. also good look for work as well as going out on the town. The only very minor complaint i would have is the little bit of rubbing i get on my shin but only a bother after 8-10hrs of waring and this is most likely due to the fact i haven't worn any type of boot in 2 years. Overall great product i would recommend buying a 1/2 size smaller.
B0035LD78S Timberland The item was received before the date stated.  I was pleased with the product and it fitted well.  Great Buy....Thanks
B0037CW26I Bad Fit Not satisfied.  Returned product.  Though having worn Timberland's before, the cut of this moccasin in not consistent with their other stuff.  Sent it back,
B0037CW26I product good but too small for my liking The product is very cute and nice that some of my friends promise to get it but just too small for me.
B003A4V78C Great Shoes! I did not have any problem with the fit and the material used for this shoe. I am satisfied with this product as footwear.
B003A4V78C Another great product by Timberland Timberland is a very comfortable kitchen shoe - non-slip and skidding, long lasting and wearing, comfortable for very long days on your feet...the list is long. Great product.
B003A4V78C Yet another great Timberland product I have been long time Timberland user. This is another product which is tough over time yet it looks great.
B003A67X5G Love them! These Timbs fit perfectly and they look great with a pair of jeans.  They are very stylish for a night out on the town, but I caution you if you plan on wearing them to work.  These boots are more suitable for leisure, which is why I give this product 5 stars!
B003A67X5G Very nice product Love this product works for all occasions..........can wear them with any thing.....best shoes I've had in a long long time.
B003A67X5G Just what I expected I had been a customer of the Timberland product for some time So, I was quite familiar with the shoes. I have for the most part looked forward to purchasing a NEW product and this case, the Timberland Pro Five Star Regent Pant Boots. The most important part, they felt great when I tried them on and walked around which was a relief because it was more than good-looks that made my choice in this product, by the way,first wore these to work and clearing up a myth, men do ask about shoes and where you brought them, thanks!
B003A67X5G Good Boots This is my first experience with a product like this, and I'm pleased with them.  They do run large, cause I normally wear a 12 and I got a 11.5 which is right at perfect.  There was a little bit of a break-in period (about a week), other than that they're great.
B003A6J1NS great boots these are really unique and they fit really well and are very comfortable, I would highly recomened this product anyone.
B003ARR3YQ nice product...price? that's a nice product, but it's a little bit to expensive.You get a similarly product for a better price.Qualitative is it ok, but you gain cold feet in winter season, becausethe shoes no lined and not so water resist.
B003AZZLCO Nice product ! like often with Timberland The shoes were like it was expected !Original model !I recommend even if it is necessary to be carefull with the white sole which are messy a little !
B003ELP35Y good shoes i think this product is up to the standard it calaims. i wuld ike to get more product from timberland from amazon.com
B003ESL7YS i love it excellent product, very good finish and brand, my son is happy to use it, I recommend this product es muy bello
B003EYW9TY Great Product This product looks great and is very durable. My son is rough on shoes and this shoe passed the test. Versatile, stylish and durable. I definitely recommend this product
B003LBWOCM Love Timberland! Timberland looks very earthy and cool. I chose this rate not because of the product size, but because it is really difficult to find suitable shoes for myself, since my feet is fat.
B003NUQWY2 Received and used this afternoon.  Already, just ok. These boots arrived this afternoon and the size 12D I ordered were a little snug, but comfortable.  Shortly after unwrapping it my neighbor called and asked me to help  cut up a tree that had fallen in his yard this winter.  I was a little surprised at how easily the finish of the leather scuffed.  I would classify this as a casual work boot, offering better protection then a pair of cross trainers just not as much as serious work or combat boot.  Exactly what I ordered them for providing they last.  My combat boots held up for over a decade.  Also these boots are made in China.  Not a biggie, but I did look for 'imported' in the product description and didn't see it. I'd have paid extra for a domestic product.
B003OBZSZO Great! Great quality of product. The product arrived quick considering the fact that there was heavy snow in all Europe. I'am satisfied with the product.
B003OBZUHU Timberland shoe did not fail! I love Timberland products and I've owned timberland shoes in the past as they are long lasting  and comfortable. .. A great product!
B003TFEA5O 100% satisfaction for this product Happy, nice boots. Made very well. I did think they might be a bit taller but they are accurate to measurements given on line.
B003VIHHHM great product its' a light, durable shoe and with fashionable design. it looks nice with most pant styles. recommended!! a little flaw maybe the laces, which loosens pretty often.
B003VJUMEQ SATISFIED high quality product, quality material is the thing I'm looking for, satisfied with this product, recommend, very comfortable, light wait and easy to keep clear and tide
B003VMXSJ4 Amazing Good brand, good shoe and I recommend this product. I love timberland products. According the previous reviews I bought 0.5 plus my original number and fit great.
B003XHH0W8 Great product. I love these shoes and have three pairs.  Two black and one brown.Very comfortable and provide good support.I never thought that I would purchase shoes online but with Amazon it is easy.I have greater selection that I could not find in local stores.Great product and I hope they keep this product available.  Highly recommended.
B003XHH0W8 Ok The product was ok and it was that I was looking for my necesities, I hope to buy another in the future
B003XHH0W8 Very fast I enjoyed buying this store.the product is exactly the same as described.It is pity I needed to pay VAT here.
B004089UXG Good Product I bought it for my child, and this sandals is excellent, high quality and comfortable. I highly recommend to buy this product!!!
B0040MVRWO Horribly packaged. The product I have no issue with. I think these sunglasses are sleek and stylish. I am also a big fan of the brown lenses. However, whoever thought it was a good idea to ship sunglasses, or any glasses for that matter, in a cloth pouch inside a paper envelope is either naive or apathetic of what a package goes through during the shipping process. You send anything with glass in a box with protection. Needless to say I received my product with two broken lenses and a bent frame.
B00440CVQ8 new that looks old The unfortunate thing about these socks is that where the grey and white stitching comes together there are billions of loose threads.  The socks arrived looking old and taddered.  The threads where all coming apart.  I was VERY disappointed in this product and for the price...it is astonsihing---I thought Timberland would produce a much better product.
B0049F84JQ Rated as new product but received with wear on them This product was listed as new, however, when I received them they had significant wear on the tongue and top of shoe as if rubbed down. The back of shoe had scuff marks as well. The bottom of shoes looked fine so not sure if a floor model etc. I did not return them as my son wanted these and didn't care. I just feel that the seller should not have listed them as new considering I paid a good price for them and they clearly were not in brand new shape.
B0049N0O1Y Exellent Very good, product. Very convenient reflects the characteristics described, good finish. Highly recommended for any use even trekking and outdoor..
B004H9381I Great product and price! This was a great buy! It was a present and was very appreciated. I will buy PRO again.....I have recommended this to family and friends.
B004J2HSLY Excelent! Very good shoes! Amazing! And the price was perfect! The quality is amazing! Id like another similar product if I can!
B004J2PCHG Awesomeness! great product, was a lil iffy about the size but fits great feels awesome quick delivery!! I Cant be more happy rite now hmmm unless it was free lmao 4 stars!!
B004J8UQ9Y excelent first of all want to be thankful for the delivery times have been very good about the product, I'd say it has surpassed my expectations, is a very good article that walking does not feel the weight of the boots comparison of other brands, I recommend.
B004J9216Y good product It is a good product. Eventhough I hate buying shoes from an online retailer I did take the risk and fairly happy with my choice. You can wear this with pretty much anything.
B004JZTNU0 tracking Hello I would like to send me the tracking, date and recipient of this product because I have not even come
B004K22QM4 Poor Quality The boots were nice for a while, but wore out way too quickly. No abuse, just daily walking about and the soles were shot after 2 or 3 months.Simply not a quality product when the price is considered, I would not recommend these boots to anyone other than those that have money to waste on an over priced product that will not last.
B004K66PAE Nice product for the price My daughter liked the tall style and leather materials.  The order process went well and it was delivered in a reasonable timeframe.  It should also be good for winter usage.  Looking forward to it.
B004KQ4IWG beautiful! they are comfortable, the color is perfet. I like and love them. I recommend this product for its high quality...
B004L32PFU Great Product, 100% Recommend The shoes are truly a necessary staple in everyone's wardrobe. The leather is high quality, they are extremely comfortable and support the green initiative. Great in the snow and fall season, I would however recommend sizing down 1/2 size for an optimal fit.
B004L32PFU Great Boots! Exactly as ordered, Timberland makes a great product, arrived in a timely manner right before the holidays. Comfortable fit, should last for years to come...
B004LLSV5U They fit like gloves. Is perfect, the quality, the looks, my sister sow it and she will get one.I will recommend this product 100%.
B004MPRHGY Timberland boots Bought this from amazon,it came quick,product is very good ,he is going to be wearing them this winter, this will be his third pair,these are very durable,would advise any parent to invest in these shoes grandson is 21/2 and very active.
B004MPRQ1A excellent Love the product! Most importantly I cannot believe the fast delivery. My son love his boot, especially when its cold. Not only is it, trendy and stylish but its very small. I would recommend the product and the website
B004RQ38B6 Good product; great price This is a quality product at a great price. The boots are exactly what I needed for work and meet the safety standards required by my job. The only thing is that they can be a little hard on the soles of your feet after a long day of standing, so if you're like me and stand a lot, get a rubber insole for a bit more support.
B004T0YVZ2 Precious! Very nice quality boot, just like all Timberland products. I am extremely pleased with this purchase. The product was exactly as described.
B004T0YVZ2 Great Boots I bought this product for my child - They are comfortable and so far - have held up great. Like the side zipper - makes it easier to get off and on
B004X4IH86 Great Cargo Pants These pants are good looking, fit well and are practical. The fabric is great (sturdy and washes well) and the cargo pockets look stylish.  I'm very pleased this product and highly recommend these pants.  Thank you.
B004ZCE19U High Quality I would recommend this product for anyone in need of a quality boot. This boot is a unique color blue that can be worn with jeans or casual dress pants.
B004ZCE19U Product came perfectly as expected. The boots look beautiful and have a very high quality.  They are comfortable and keep my feet warm like shoes made out kittens.
B004ZCEVP4 Love Timberland! Timberland. Trustworthy. Beautiful. Loved! You make a good product and it shows :) Thank you for helping make his Christmas AWEsome :)
B004ZD1A4S This is *not* the Gore-Tex Chocorua you may be looking for... It appears that Timberland has now two distinct models of their excellent Chocorua Boots: The "original" one, with Gore-Tex lining, and this particular model (with "p2i" coating), which costs less, but is an inferior product.I've used Chocoruas for a number of years now. They're lightweight, waterproof, comfortable and require no break-in period.As my current pair is about to give, I searched for "Chocorua" on Amazon and ordered this product (not paying a lot of attention to the picture -- the price difference should have been a warning sign.) I can tell you, this is a completely different product and should have another name. These boots are not nearly as comfortable as the original model. They look more like hiking shoes/sneakers than hiking boots. They fit poorly compared to the original Chocoruas, and the waterproofing, apparently, not as good.It appears to me that the original ones went up sharply in price (they used to sell for $78 and now is difficult to find one for less than $100) and they came up with a cheaper version (this product.)
B0052D2WRE Really good product and fast shipping! Really good product and fast shipping!My little son wear it for snowboarding.It's so cute!!I recommand this product.
B0054HM2UU Pro work boot Product was not the quality I expected in a Sears product. The insole was very flat and offered very little cushion.
B0054HM2UU Fantastic! It was a great product. Shipment was fast and product was in excellent quality! Would highly recommend it to all :)
B0054HM3YA Poor Quality One set of eye loops are made out of plastic and broke after less than 10 wears.  I would not recommend this product...a metal eye loop replacement would make this a great boot...but its durability is poor!!
B0056QVSQ8 no comfort I returned this product due to painful experience while wearing the shoe at work. I have purchased another style with hopes that it will be better. It's not.
B00591ZHXK Nice boot These boots are very comfortable & great quality. This brand usually produces a great product. I'm not surprised. I would recommend.
B005A5YQ2S execelent...... I received the boots is as it appears in advertising ..... is a high quality product ... very nice .... and cheaply ..... I received in the allotted time .... . thanks
B005A5YQ2S Nice but a bit expensive. Good product but a bit more costly than I thought after looking around a bit more.I sent them back.
B005A7RO3Y very good fine 100% positiveClient satisfaction with the product The product arrived in a timely fashion. 100% satisfied and will recommend. . . . . . . . Thanks you
B005A7SR8U Great pair of hikers This is a high value product and is as advertised. Timberland products are expected to be very good, ad this is no exception. No break-in required; pull them out of the box, and take a hike!
B005BWB2QI A little long, but beautiful shoe Bought this for my boyfriend, he loved them as they are super comfortable an beautifully made. He was actually surprised how nice they looked, he expected them to be a bit more casual for the type of show it was! He is a 13 typically, but in this brand a 12.5 probably would have been a little better. Regardless, he didn't even want me to switch them out for a better size since he liked them so much! Overall great purchase and great product. Definitely would recommend.
B005BWB2QI Good Product Product mostly as described. Laces provided are leather not nylon and are too long, they look untidy when laced up.
B005BWB2QI Very good quality. These shoes are great, comfortable and can be used with many ways to dress. The price is right and the product quality is noticeable.
B005BWB2QI just great! The was exactly as described.Love the Timberland brand.The experience was excellent.I would highly recommend to anyone looking for theTimberland product
B005BWB2QI Picture not very similar to the real product The real product has laces and it is not like the pictureColor also, not very similar to the product i chooseProduct is not bad, but distant to the one in the picture
B005BWB2QI LOVE EM PRODUCT WAS DELIVERED ON TIME AND THESE SHOES ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AS WELL AS LOOKIN GOOD!I CANT GET OVER THE WAY THEY LOOK,I CAN WEAR THEM AS CASUAL FOOTWEAR AS WELL AS A NIGHT OUT.
B005FHWT5C Great Product Great Price Wonderful Product , my kid absolutely adores them. Good airflow and seems a comfortable walk (as he always prefers to have them on).
B005FI1VE6 Great quality with the right price My little one loves this sandal. I am always skeptical about buying shoes/sandals online since you don't get the essence of feel of the product you get when you buy directly from stores. This one came as a surprise. Good quality product at a great price
B005FI1VE6 Daughter loves them Product fits well and Velcro is great considering how squirmy she is. They seem comfortable and we've had no blisters.
B005FI1VE6 Best part is the odor-resistant sole Great product, I love the odor-resistant sole.  Getting this product for that reason alone. The sole seems springy and comfortable, and it's water resistant.
B005FI1VE6 great product very good product the size fit exactly as expected.love to buy this product again and recommended to friends also
B005FM5Q3O good product. This product came on time and just as I expected . They are good quality sandles and my kids liked them.
B005FM5Q3O Sturdy product This product is strong.  I didn't really find a problem with it, only that it little too big for my son.  He likes it and enjoys the comfort.
B005GY98C6 well put together Somewhat larger than expected but I can live with that, outher than that, it meets my expectation, very good product.
B005GYK514 After a week of waiting, now you don't have the product? It took over a week to find out that this product was out of stock, so my order was cancelled.  If the shoe is not available, it should not be listed at all.  It is bad experiences like this that will prevent me from using this retailer again.
B005GYL2JI Excellent product Excellent product. Good quality, fit exactly as expected. The exact colors offered, very good quality material. 100% recommended product at a good price.
B005I6RZXG Something worth reviewing finally!!! Excellent product! Shoes fit perfectly and sooooo damn comfortable ! This is the first product from Amazon I've ever reviewed because it REALLY deserves the time to review. I wear it to work everyday. Comfy! Love it!
B005I6RZXG MADE MY FEET STAY TOO HOT GOOD PRODUCT.  SHOE WAS WELL MADE, HOWEVER A BIT BIGGER THAN i THOUGHT,  PLENTY WIDE FOR THOSE FOLKS WITH THAT ISSUE.
B005I6RZXG Shoes Great product. Had one pair and this is my second. Will get more colors in the future. Wear them everyday.
B005I6RZXG Love it Very comfortable, fits well, will likely purchase this product again. I would recommend this product to people who work on concrete floors and any floor.
B005I6YJW6 exellent product excellent product, very good quality and durability, and is very comfortable and goes with everything, I love it because it is a perfect shoe to wear on any occasion
B005LCQYYS Good Everything was fine with delivery and product OK. Tough they look fine, I would suggest wearing socks in hot weather, the material is like denim and it's too rough for bare feet.
B005MI875U Excelent product the fit to the foot was great, the color very nice, the shoes looks like high cuality. Isn't heavy at all
B005MI8CPK Great I like this product. It does what it's advertised to do. Amazon says I have to type more. This makes me not want to do any more reviews! I got a lot of cpmpliments on these boots.
B005ZQT8FM Hmmm.... I was looking for a nice luggage set... and after some research in Amazon, we decided to get these ones from Timberland. Somewhere I  read that this product will be or maybe already was discontinued.  I did not care, as I thought Timberland would never offer a non reliable product... The color combination, is not the most beautiful I have seen;  the bags are heavy, so this  goes against your need to comply with airline weight requirements.  In addition, zips do not close as they should....and the overall quality is just average....
B006F62ZUQ Just right Perfect for my husband. He said its not too thick even with all the cards and cash. The stitching is nice and solid you could put change in it and it not move. Great product.
B006F62ZUQ Great product It is what it says on the product specs, good leather. Just the right size for the any pants backpocket. Recommended!
B006F62ZUQ finally its been so long waiting this is a good product ive recommended  it to sevreal people thank you for carrying this is brand it works great
B006OB62PQ great! good product for the price paid. fits well. nice color and comfortable. easy to use. totally worth it. will buy it again.
B006T2EJC8 Excellent product I really like this boots, they looks awesome, however the size could be a bit small, so I had to cut off the insole to fit better, because I have my own insole. The leather could be a little delicate. Overall a good product
B006T2YLPS wicked nice boot this boot is pretty impressive.  i wear a 10.5 and ordered the 11W for compensation of sock and style of boot - fits perfect.  the styling is outstanding and the workmanship appears even better.  if you can't tell from the title i am originally from maine and as a result have been a committed timberland and llbean owner of many products.  this is far the best timberland product i have owned and unfortunately llbean does not offer a similar product line so go ahead and order it - you won't be disappointed.
B006T307QE Perfect Just what I expect from the product Fast delivery. Sizing was right. just what was advertised I like that there were extra laces with the boots that will be helpful
B006T307QE Great boot This product is worth every penny.  Very comfortable and great to wear 5 days a week for 8 hours straight.
B006T32TKG satisfied with product The product exceeded expectations for comfort and design; arrived on time and without delay.  Quality workmanship and design; above average for workboots.
B006ZGV9LM Excelent product It is a great product, very confortable, hight quality, very nice look ang great color. It is a very good and beautifull boot
B006ZIGRXA as good as expected High quality, really water and wind proof, stylish and perfect. Cleaning a bit tricky for this kind of leather, but when ypu get needed product and rubber brush, it`s enough for a long time.
B006ZITOOY Product was to small Return item was not what my wife thought it would be only treason it was returned,  product seemed to be well made.
B006ZJ2ZUI Product as discribed I purchased these due to the mud season I have at home. They fit like they should with no leaks.
B006ZJ3SS6 Timberland Women's Earthkeepers BareStep Boot I love these shoes, it is so comfortable. i would be buying more in the future of different colours. Thank you for a well marketed product
B006ZSAEUW i like I'm satisfied with the product, arrived on time and in the conditions of the order, recominedo for future purchases good customer
B006ZVM90M boots Very happy with the product and the delivery of the product. These boots are very comfortable, I didn't have to break them in. I haven't been able to wear them in the snow yet since I purchased them later in the year. But so far extremely happy.
B006ZVM90M timberland warmest boots ever, Very happy with product at a great price.I recommend these boots. I'm very likely to buy another pair.
B0070SJK60 Wonderful boots! don't slip in the snow and very comfy. This is a really good product, they look real nice too. Would recommend to a friend. Timberland knows what they're doing. Eco conscious boot helps.
B0070ZBUES Great quality product They are good. My girl likes them a lot. I'd recommend this product to parents who want to keep their kids' feet worm
B00711TQNS Timberland Maple Candy I give this product 4 stars because my daughter hasn't worn them yet so I can't talk about the overall quality; but, I absolutely love the look of the boot. It was exactly what I ordered and came in a timely manner. I was thoroughly please with the seller. Will definitely purchase from them again!
B00713499W very unhappy I do not recommend this product. The shoes opened up in the back and in the front after about two three months of wear.
B0071BD33M Just like you see in pictures First time I saw these boots I loved them, so I ordered them. When the package arrived to my home and I saw the boots I couldn't be happier, they are exactly like they appear in the pictures. I totally recommend this product.
B0071DQTAO Very Durable Great quality product! Stands up to aggressive outdoor play as well as all around weather conditions. I would definatley recommend these to a friend.
B0072AE45S Timberland Men's Newmarket Camp Chukka Boot,Wheat,9.5 M US I choose this rating in other for the seller to know how I feel about the product that I purchase from their company and to let others know my point of view. what I like was about the product was it fit to and comfortable. I will recommend this product to people out there who choose to try Timberland and experience the best of the product its real not imitation.
B0072AE45S My dream Great quality boots! I was very happy to get it from amazon.com. I recommended this product for people who is finding very quality boots. I have 10 M but order the 11 M and it was too large. Need to have 9,5 M in my mind.
B0072CPTK0 Ok product It is Okish winter boot but the ties are poor quality. it does not work well at all. and my boy does not like the shoes now. I do not think it is very comfortable either.
B007597TP8 good product This wallet meets Timberland's traditional reputation for products with high quality materials and superior aesthetics. I would recommend to anyone and definitely buy again.
B007782V1O i am very happy with this product Thank you! They fit me very well and are comfy I loves them a lot and will wear them alot
B007784JI2 Great Product This is a product that if you can purchase more than one do so. It is very comfortable , very lite and keeps my feet dry, finally a better product from Timberland! It even looks classy on your feet!
B007784JI2 Bad product They are already broken from the sole (7 days of use)... you really expect more from a Timberland product. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
B0077SY810 Great Product. Was looking for boots with wide width and fashionable for quite sometime now and this product fits the bill perfect. really comfortable shoes.
B007G4VCFU Well Good product but you have dropped the original color shortly after starting it to use. thought it was a better product.
B007G4VCSW Great product! Perfect size and very classy looking!  My boyfriend was a fan and it was worth the money.  I think it was reasonably priced.
B007G4VE30 Excellent Product Excellent product, great price. It may seem tight on space at first, but once you review what you really need to carry, it fits the task. Love the heavy &#34;metal&#34; zipper, and the super stitching. I have shown this to several of my friends, and I recommend it highly.  We all ride motorcycles, ans it is the most secure, comfortable and, functional product I have found.  Highly recommend.
B007G4VKI4 Good Product Arrived on time, in original packaging. Very nice leather and enough pockets to hold all your cards and IDs and everything.
B007G4VR82 Poor Quality Not what I am accustomed too from a Timerland product.  Lining ripped within a few weeks of receiving it. Disappointing.
B007ROSMK2 Great design and quality The small details and long-lasting features are outstanding. It's great for traveling with style.Delivery was on time and I would really recommend this product if you want to travel light (due to it's weight) without giving up capacity.
B007TGA2JM Great product! Great product for great price. I would recommend this to everyobe. Looks great on the foot and very comfortable! Thanks
B007TGA2JM Original Bought these for my wife and we were both happy with the quality unlike some reviews here. Great original product!
B0080CACCG Timberland Crew Great product, price was more then I paid at Marshalls last time I bought them, but overall a good product, quality crew, and great fit.I realize Marshalls is a discount store so that does explain the price difference. I also realize Marshalls did not have any more. So I paid more but still a fair price for a quality crew.DRAMufreesboro TN
B00828VKFQ LOVE  THIS SHOE! I  would recommend this  product to all my nurses  or anyone else who is on thier feet for a  long time. A  great investment!
B008KLGHL2 For hot looking people! If ur size 9 order 9.5....fits better. they are very comfortable, timberland uses good quality materials on shoes so i totally recommend this product. Bye xo
B008M27754 Casual and dress comfort This is my 3rd pair  over the years very comfortable they look great with jeans and dress pantsget a lot of good comments, well made product have them in different colors
B008M27UHO Excelent Product recomended for its price and timberland good jobs on their shoes, they fits perfect and can use them for a long time
B008N6YJKA I love this product I am very happy with this product, design and weight is perfect, I bought it I loved it, I enjoy it
B008N7H654 shoe problems, both are the same left foot good morning,I am very upset with the product, as the pair of shoes are the same foot, left foot, wait for this product for a long time in Venezuela and was until the day yesterday November 13, 2013 that I was given, when I opened the box my biggest surprise is that both shoes were the same foot, left foot, I demand that I send the product correctly as this represents a lack of respect for me.
B008UQR1G2 Timberland Women's Montvale Ankle-Strap Sandal,Tan,8 M US Excellent product, the fit is right also in Europe. I think that I will continue out to buy this type of product. Also good for the customs fees, and delivery within a reasonable time (10-12 days).
B008UTADGY Excelent Its a excelent product. Very cute, muy son love it, he is very small but with a great taste in fashion!!
B008VPU0GK Very good Excellent buyer recommend the product came on the date indicated and according to the required characteristics, all queries were answered
B008YAW3BM Great for distressed leather. I bought this product for my $129 messenger bag (Visconti Harvard 16054), which according to the bag manufacture Visconti, is made of "distressed" leather. The manufacture recommended this product, so even though I've never use it before, I bought it with full confidence that it would work. The company recommended treatment once a week while the bag is still new, after a month, it's once a month.The wax did not disappoint!  When applied, it seems to rejuvenate dried wrinkled areas. You might find it helpful to use a sponge to rub on the wax... however, don't use the ones made of towel like cotton on the outside, it didn't work for me as I come to find that the wax sticks more to the cotton than on the leather. So when that didn't work out, I found it easier and more effective to just apply the wax with my bare hands.  Don't worry, the wax comes off easy with soap and water.The wax, although looks and seems like it would come on colorless does slightly darken your leather just a little right after use. At the time of this review, I've just finished applying the wax. I think in a couple of days, the darken (but natural looking) color would lighten up a little.My recommendation is to first check with your leather product's manufacture to see exactly what type of leather you're about to treat. Make sure it is not one of the types listed as NOT recommended on the back of this product. Also ask them first what leather treatment product they'd recommend for their leather products.Hope this helps.
B0090JZSMW One Star is bad I do not get this product do not buy it
B0090NROH0 Dose not worth it!!! I don't think that Timberland knows anything about this product. It's made of cheap materials, and the lenses aren't clear.
B0090NRP2E These aren`t polarized I buy them because they said misled be polarized, and are not. I do not like, it is a good product, is of poor quality
B0090X4EJQ Ver y foros product and Seller. I have chosen this rate because the product is excellent and I have received the package perfectly and the day It was expected.
B00910UVGS great product this is a great quality product and I will continue to purchase this brand every time I need to replace for new ones...thank you
B0091QISZS The product is quality and orginal Recommend purchase because leather shoes are good quality, though a little hard, I hope to soften the skin over time. Package delivery is made &#8203;&#8203;on time according to the scheduled date
B00943M2F0 Very good product Very satisfied with the product for the money. Have not had a chance to use it yet; but purchased it to comply with carry-on requirements.
B0098X61EO great product Great product very comfortable and.stylish. never new timbwrland made theses kind of shoes i am a chef abduction its always good to find cool disable non slip shoe
B009DL2P6Y Timberland 5 star clog Most comfortable clog I've ever worn! Working a 70 hour work week with these is great, another fantastic Timberland pro product
B009PNJW5C Product Information Lies, Made in China, Not the Dominican Republic. I chose this product because in the product description, it says the country of origin is the Dominican Republic. Anyone who's had any long term experience with Timberland knows that the Dominican Republic stuff is the best, and that the Chinese crap falls apart quickly.I got the package and the first thing I checked on the tags were the country they were made in. China. Boy was I disappointed.Next time, please don't lie about your product information. People actually do care about the quality of their products sometimes. I also don't want my money going to a country which is rapidly building its military up in an attempt to counter ours, and regularly attempts to provoke us by trying to take over Japanese islands in the Pacific.
B009R8KH18 right packaging, wrong product The package I received had previously been opened and a larger insole returned to the retailer. I sent them back and order replacements from Timberland.
B009R9EJ3E Great product My feet actually quit hurting after long hours working on concrete in an industrial setting. Wonderful product in my personal opinion.
B009R9EJ3E Industrial strength and comfort, but with a strong industrial smell, too The product came in a shoe box and wrapped in a nice clamshell blister pack that is easy to open and would not cause you any blisters.It fits comfortably after I cut it to the size of my shoes' original sole insert. It is flat and is not contoured to the shape of the old insert so it does not hug the heel and the arch out of the box, but it is flexible enough to follow the shape of the inside of the shoe so it still feels comfortable.I have plantar fasciitis and this product seems to be helping me not hurt anymore. Of course, I still need to stretch my ankles, my hamstrings, and my hips before I run otherwise my foot would still hurt. But it is a nice and bouncy run afterwards with the soft cushioning and arch support that this product greatly provides.As I said in the title, this product could perform well in an industrial setting, but the insert also smells industrial. I could not tell if it's the rubber or the fabric that covers the sole where the foot rests. It must be the anti-microbial odor control feature, since the strong smell could really beat the natural smell of an active athlete's feet.
B009R9EJ3E Timberland Pro Inserts This is a top notch product, as I work on a hard concrete floor for 8 hours a day and these really help to keep my feet comfortable! Highly recommend this too anyone who wants a high quality product
B009TAVOHK Great product Great product, as described. Fits just the way I like, with a little extra space, no flaws, thank you, affordable
B00A4EPQF6 Solid product Nice. I didn't like the extra I'd window thing. But overall good and the color is awesome and even looks cool when distressed.
B00A4EPTYO Timberland trifold wallet Men (or at least me) tend to become attached to objects they carry or use on a daily basis.  After my dog chewed up and totally destroyed my old wallet of many years, I wanted an exact replacement.  Of course after &#34;many years&#34;, the exact product was not available.  I was looking at wallets with the same brand name as my old one, but not seeing what I wanted, I expanded my search to other brands and found this one.  To the naked eye it looks almost identical, so I gave it a shot.  I've been carrying  it for about a week now and can now say that I am very pleased with it.  It is 90% like my old one.  I feel I can adjust to the 10% difference.  I am very pleased with the product and recommend it to anyone who enjoys this product's features.  Thank you Timberland and Amazon.
B00AAPHB2U As expected Product arrived on time, and what I wanted. I had the same type of shoe before so I expected it would fit.
B00AL2OQ16 awesome product i have been looking for a canvas wallet for some time now and im very glad I found this  one, very well made product, one note though, the brown one looks more like a olive drab color, which I prefer to a brown color, so I am vary pleased with this product
B00AQL36YK just what we needed! it was all as described! timberland make a product that stands by their name and has the experience to back it
B00AR4HHNW So Kiut Beautiful. I love when I buy a product and this is just or better than I was expecting. That's happend what this
B00AR4HHNW great fit and look I gave this product a high rating cause the boots were just what we needed for our daughter. mainly she loved them. they came on time and fit great.
B00AW7M97S Great buy! Very comfortable and stylish boot! You can wear them all day without discomfort.A great product for a good price.
B00AW7RBGC Too Bulky I bought these thinking they would be a great everyday boot. They are a well-constructed and good quality product however the sizing and style was just too large and bulky.
B00AW8J5RE Excellent product, perfect fit and comfort I think it is an excellent product, with perfect fit and comfort. good quality leather . ideal product for winter. Recommended
B00AW8JG9G Good Product Description I depended upon the description of the boot. It was complete enough to give me the confidence to order the boots. Honestly, I almost never order footwear online.
B00AZPPEQ0 I am confortable with this purchase Cos i've used some shoes with this size and it isn't somewhat large. However, i'm comfortable with this product. 4 stars for that.
B00AZPPEQ0 Amazing! Great Seller!Great Product!They fit large but I knew this prior to purchase so take that into consideration.  I wear a 11.5 US and I ordered 11 US and they are still roomy...  But I love them so much!!
B00AZPPEQ0 GREAT SHOE GREAT PRODUCT JUST WHAT I WANTED. FIT WAS JUST AS EXPECTED. TIMBERLAND ALWAYSHAS SOLID LONG WEARING PRODUCTS THAT SUIT MY NEEDS AND BUDGET.
B00AZPS9W6 Good product Well! I've been a longtime fan of timberland, I love the boots and shoes and regular stuff. But when I saw this boot looking sneakers I decided to try something new, at first when it was delivered I thought it look good, but when I wore it out, I was admired. So I'll say this product is gr8. Size difference ain't much, still rocking mine tho.
B00AZPUCBM Just as expected! i like this product, looks greats and feel so confortable, may i will to buy more ones, in other colors.
B00B02THKQ Timberland's at Their Best I can always count on Timberland boots being fabulous....sometimes they are on the small size, so try to keep that in mind when ordering.Thanks Amazon for the great product.
B00B7GRUKY great deal great product, on sale
B00B7H5M4O Very good so far Fit is perfect, as I sometimes have difficulty finding an exact fit for footwear. The boots appear to be well constructed, as I would expect from a Timberland product. I have had many over the years, and have been satisfied with their performance.I haven't put these 'to the test' as yet, but will add to my review once I do.
B00B82ZHB6 perfect shoes I like it...the product fits me well and it is very confortable..big up to you guyz..I like been your customer
B00B83WVR8 meu Put on the website the numbers of shoes also from Brazil. Product according to purchased. Recommend it met my expectations.Delivered on time or even earlier. Well I recommend, met my expectations.
B00B9PADZ2 Returned product It was a good comfortable boot but just too large for me. I did reorder another size. thank you Ed
B00B9PADZM Timberland's I wear Timberland work boots and they are very comfortable.  These boots are another great product from Timberland.  Look good, very comfortable, waterproof, & fit well..
B00B9PM53U Exactly as described Good fit, good product.  Waterproof, great grip pattern on the sole and heel.  Just as expected.  I would definitely buy again.
B00B9Q5M16 Another Great Product by Timberland Another great product by Timberland! Another smooth purchase through Amazon.The show looks great and is comfortable and durable. Good looking shoe.
B00BCJV7H8 Very good quality I used to have a pair of boots from this brand and they last a long time so my expectations were high in regards to is product. They were for a present and it was a hit.
B00BCJV7H8 I like The boots is super comfortable.It is beautiful. I recommend  this product to my friends and anlso my relatives .It's  cool .
B00BCJV7H8 great boots Great boots, super nice color, very good for the winter. The quality is as expected on any timberland product. I totally recommend them
B00BCJW35I Great product! Timberland Women's Trenton Ankle Boot,Tobacco , I love this brand, convenient and practical good price, Iam Happy to buy ,Thank you
B00BCJX6TU Timberland I'm a big fan of Timberland and I wasn't disappointed when I received my shipment. I will definitely tell others about the product.
B00BCJX6TU good product but somewhat large Boots are beautiful, quality, 100% original. I am satisfied with the product. However the size that is larger than pedi that said the information in the table Size 10 is not 40-41 is 41.5.
B00C54FEG4 Great product Slightly pricier than I would like to pay for socks. However, they fit great, breath well and are styled nicely.
B00E41TUI4 Quality made Real quality product at a great price.  I've had the shoes for a week and they fit perfectly and seem durable so far.  Have yet to hike with them, so I'll update later.  The stitching is very well done and the sole is flexible but tough, making me think they'll hold u pretty well.
B00E41UQBE its ok product is oknothing special, if you will ask me a little bit overpricedbut it is really ok so its up to you
B00E41UQBE Yeah its real!!! I hope no one else listens to someone that hasn't purchased the product. These are classic Tims grab them while they are on sale!!!
B00E41VH4Y great item was what i expected.great product
B00E41Y0E8 You will enjoy this product and get plenty of compliments Great shoeLooks and feels GREAT with casual wear. I'm getting a other pair. The comfort is amazing. I recommend this product
B00EDJ2SWC Awesome Product is great. You definitely should go a size smaller than you usually get. Postage great and price was fantastic.
B00ENZSK3M Great product! Hi, this  timberland earth keepers, are  very  beautiful and 90% comfortable, they are pricey  but i  think i made a  good decision of  buying it! And fit as expected, only  choose the your size and thats  it.
B00EUOZFUC Great product The set looks amazing on my 4 month old son ... Only issue was I didnt know what size to get it was confusing .. Seller needs to list the size that matches the infants month ... Otherwise great quality and product will buy again
B00F2JDO02 love it product was as describe and fitted amazing!
B00FJ1TT66 Great quality product. My husband loved it and it is a quality product. The additional case that came with it is also great.
B00G74WR9K AMAZING I really like this product .I went into a puddle about 3 inches and it was not letting water in .I would really recommend this product for anyone .Very great boots !!!
B00GVDXHTG desiccation this product has tricked me I'm 9.5 us and select 9.5 us in uk is 9 and the product reaches me like a 4 us but brings marked 9.5 I do not understand because expesifican with inches also to provide better details and VAT to return but my wife told me to avoid problems with shipping and other costs as shipments better keep it for our baby on the way and when you use like 2 years
B00H46N3TI Great fit These really stay on your feet and is comfortable. Unlike some products that slide off your feet. Great product for boat shoes. I love them.
B00J2HAA2U ... product is very worth to buy and it looks like it will last for awhile This product is very worth to buy and it looks like it will last for awhile.
