B000073TM3 Tim's This boot is priced right!  Most stores sell it for a lot more. I'm happy that I made the purchase.
B00009WM7J timberland boots she loves her boots..came in excellant conditions and on time..cheaper than buying them in a store..will purchase more in the near future
B00009WM7J LOVE THESE I wear a 8/8.5 in women's boots and ordered these in the big kid 6.5, and they fit perfectly! They are so comfortable and even arrived sooner than expected (: If you are questioning getting them, get them! VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE!
B00009WM7J Great Price! Great Fit! Great Customer Service! These boots are at least $80 in the stores and I got them here for $71. The fit was perfect and they are a good quality. I usually get one pair of Timberland boots for my son every year because his feet grow so fast. I am very pleased with this purchase, and I would highly recommend that anyone looking for these boots for boys purchase this item.
B00009WM7J :) Just what i was looking for. the product is in perfect condtion.i have been looking for these shoes for WEEKS and no one had my size.im really happy with my purchase
B00009WM7J Pleased Easy ordering process.. Received within expected time frame. Item is as I expected. No complaints. Very pleased with my purchase.
B00009WM7J Happy Customer The boots fit great and I love that they are just what I was looking for...They were brand new and looked as if I purchased out of local store...
B0000AFSX4 Timberland Boots The girls timberland boots were shipped real fast, really good quality, good price as well. Really happy with the purchase. The wait was worth it.
B0000AFSX4 gud These boots were sold out everwhere I was happy that I found them online at a cheaper price, and they arrived on time
B0000AFSX4 I've always loved these boots! When it was time to get my 2 year old some boots for the winter weather, I knew I wanted to purchase these. They look and fit as I expected and they were priced just right! Love them!!
B0000AFSYY Fantastic purchase The pinky color is so so so cute. Like it very much. Very happy and fantastic purchase. Will come again.
B0000AFSYY CHRISTMAS PRESENT JUST WHAT I WANTED. THIS MADE MY GRANDSON SO HAPPY.WILL BE LOOKING FOR A TABLET FOR MYSELF TO PURCHASE.
B0000DFAXV Timberlands They fit but returned them for personal reasons.  Would purchase them again in the near future if my child acts right!!
B0000DFAXV git these Great find great buy happy purchase slight marks on left side of one shoe but overall great purchase they look exactly as expected also
B0000DFAXV very comfortable fit I was very please with the fit and it was comfortable. the tongue part was a little short. I'm happy.
B000AKVBCQ no complaints I'm on my feet 10 plus hrs a day, so I'm really happy with this purchase. Its only been a week that I've had them, but I've bought several different steel sneakers and boots in the past, and I see me having no problem with them.
B000B2G1MI Good purchase Solid construction as expected.  The fit was also right on with size.  Color was mostly what was expected.  Good purchase for the price.
B000BB15ZC Nice Boots! Comfortable right out of the box, very stylish (I got the noir) and could be worn at work as well as on the hiking trail.Great purchase. Highly recommended.
B000BB15ZC Great Show 2nd pair of Timerland shoes I have owned. Very satisified with performance and durability.Purchase on AMAZON found a better price than the retail stores and delivery was within a week
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots Thanks for the fast service. Those boots are very comfortable I didn't expected any less from timberland. Very happy with the purchase. I'll recommend them to everyone.
B000BFIHVS Very pleased with purchase Fits well, waterproof as advertised, still happy with purchase after wearing every day for a week. I highly recommend this boot.
B000BFIHVS Worth the money Excellent quality, fits as expected and you get the feel of durability. Extremely happy with this purchase, perfect for hiking and off-road walking. Water-proof confirmed.
B000BFIHVS HAPPY I am very pleased with my new Timberland boots.They fit as expected and now my sons want me to buy same boots for the three of them.Thank you
B000BFIHVS Quality boot, great tread. shoveled snow on Friday and my toes were warm dry and stayed firmly planted on my steep driveway,  Very happy with my new purchase.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots These Timberland Men's White Ledge WP Boots  fit true to size.  I would recommend them to anyone wanting to purchase them.
B000BFIHVS Wonderful Fabulous! Durable and strong looks like photo and will last a long time. Nicely packaged as well. Good value -do not hesitate to purchase.
B000BFIHVS excellent article happy happy happy I gave them a gift to my father and became fascinated with these boots, it tells me they are very comfortable and will not weigh you have to walk my dad for 70 years, in my particular use timberland and have always liked deserve five star
B000BFIHVS nice hiking boots Purchased these for my 14 yr old son tohike the Appalachian trail this summer with his boy scout troop.  He has been wearing them to break them in before a practice hike next weekend and he is very happy with them so far.  I was happy with the reasonable price.  Much better than $200+ boots at the mall!
B000BFIHVS Absolutely Satified with my purchase. Very comfortable!!! Perfect cushioning and great traction! I am completely satisfied. I can't believe how light weight they are also. Very sharp looking too I must say.
B000BFIHVS Very happy with a purchase My husband wanted something light In weight as he walks a lot but sturdy enough and these shoes are both.
B000BFIHVS great fit very happy with these, fit like a glove....er well like a great boot....very good feel and i am happy that i got them.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boots My husband loved them! They looked good and fit great. He is happy with the quality and style. That makes me happy.
B000BGMMZ4 Easy to wear The boots are amazingly comfortable don't regret my purchase what so ever. They require some care if you are care free none the less worth it.
B000FDPXW2 Sturdy work boots Very sturdy work boots yet fashionable enough to wear with a pair of jeans in lieu of a casual shoe. I purchased mine about a month ago and remain very happy with the purchase.
B000FDPXW2 Loved Got them a good $40 cheaper then anywhere else. Perfect condition and wrapping. Very happy about this purchase and the person it was for loves them.
B000G1Z9XG its a very nice boot A little too big but shoe sizes do vary.  I am happy with the purchase. Timberland quality is great and the price was right.
B000G1Z9XG great purchase Fits like a glove! They are all around comfortable! Happy with my purchase! And it is of good quality. Thank  you
B000G21BSC Amazon Verified Purchase - Timberland White Ledge Waterproof Hiking Boot Amazon Verified Purchase--This is the only kind of hiking boot that I wear.  Have worn them for at least the past ten years, and find them very comfortable.  I am in the landscape construction business and need boots that will perform in mud as well as dry situations.  These fit the criteria!!  Found them at Amazon.com and received very good service with prompt shipping.
B000G23DQK a good buy Same quality as footlocker and $64.00 cheaper.shipped on time. I'm happy with my purchase and even bought a pair for my little nephew.
B000G23DQK Boots were a hit! My husband loves these boots!  So comfy and totally fit to a tee!!!!!  Best purchase online, especially for shoes, as normally you need to try these types of shoes on before purchasing.  Great purchase!!!
B000G23DQK Great boot! Bought these for my son for Christmas.  He already opened them & they're  a hit.  He found the fit true to size and very comfortable.  Toes bed is roomy enough for thicker winter socks.  Very happy with this purchase!
B000G23DQK Been looking everywhere! My husband has been look everywhere for this boots. Every store he looked in never had his size and in store they were so much more expensive. Im glad he happy with these boots and I happy I saved a few extra dollars.
B000G23DQK these boots are made for walking Very happy with this purchase they arrived a few days after they were ordered.  They were exactly what we were expecting and some. Shoe size was great and they're very comfortable and fashionable.
B000G23DQK men's boots Very happy with this purchase. Appropriate both for office and casual attire in cold or snowy weather. Waterproof, sturdy and warm. Great price at the time of my purchase!--couldn't find anything comparable at this cost--although price seems to have gone up since.
B000G23DQK comfort and quality Havent had a pair of tims as comfortable in several years. I am very pleased with this purchase. would reccomend to anyone that asks
B000G23DQK Nice and comfortable I've just got it and I feel happy wearing it. It's nice and comfortable and I expect it last for a long time. I think I've made a great purchase. Haven't I?
B000G23X74 very comfortable shoe Been looking for a pair of boat shoes for a while and came across the Timberline model. I have been wearing Timberline shoes for work and have been happy with them so I ordered these. They fit good and are very comfortable. Color is very nice and I am happy with my purchase. My wife did comment they are heavy, but I didn't notice that.
B000G2419S timberland boots review Just ordered these and got them in the mail SUPER fast.  They look exactly like the picture, and fit totally comfortably!  I really really love them.  They're so perfect for looking decent but also being functional in bad weather too-  i only put 4 stars because it hasn't rained or snowed yet so I'm not sure how they'll end up holding up in the elements, which is the whole reason I got them.  Aesthetic and material quality-wise though, I love them and I'm really happy with my purchase!
B000G24LJS Return purchase after 5years This is my 2nd purchase on this same model/ color coz I love it since my first purchase 5years ago.
B000KVA7YI Great Boot Great fit; sturdy; comfortable right from the first time they are worn.  They were delivered quickly; this is the 2nd pair I purchased and will purchase again.
B000MQHHB2 Good Quality The Timberland Men's Crew Sock.  Fits well, does not stretch out after continued wear and washings.  Top quality.  I highly recommend you purchase satisfaction guaranteed.
B000NKIGNK Amazon Shopping I am very happy with my purchase of Timberland Boat Shoes. The price was attractive, the brand very familiar, and the service quick.  No long lines or crowds, no parking problems, and no hassle.  This is a great way to avoid all that is unpleasant when shopping in normal stores.
B000VI8VBG Extremely happy with the purchase!! These are really cool shoes - they look very nice and are comfortable to wear. My boy is very happy
B000VIDXE6 happy hiking for me I was extremly happy with the way these boots fit.  The first time I wore them hiking I wore them in snow.  My feet stayed dry and warm.  I would recomend these to anyone.  I am a 40 year old women but have the luxury to be able to fit in boys sizes.  Also I recieved them in a very timely matter and was happy with the packaging.
B000VQ9QKS Just okay These boots don't live up to the other reviews I read prior to purchasing these. They ARE the reason I did purchase them. They are DEFINITELY NOT worth the price & NOT very comfortable either.
B000VQ9QKS Great Hiking Boots These boots were a perfect fit and comfortable right out of the box. I did not have time to break them in before going hiking and climbing rocks at Enchanted Rock.  It did not matter, they were so comfortable and supportive that the four mile hike around and up severe elevation was easy.  I wear them working in the yard and garage as well and am very happy with the purchase.
B000VQBPOS Great boot! I had previously owned a pair of these bots and they were so comfortable!  Nothing fancy but does the job.  So happy to have found them again.
B000VQBPOS Well made boots. I love these boots.  They are well made and I can tell they will last me a long time. They are a bit narrow, but being leather they will eventually break in. Very happy with my purchase!
B000VQBPOS Daughter Loves Them! I ordered these for my daughter who's going to college in the north (snow).  She would only wear Timb's.  Daughters happy = I'm happy!
B000VQBPOS Timberland boots I am very pleased with my purchase.  My boots were costly, but worth the price.  I have nothing but positive things to say about my online shopping.
B000VW69IY Happy feet. No break-in  time required. Fit like old friends right out of the box.
B000VW69IY easy step My father seemed so happy after first few steps in his new shoes that I bought on amazon and it made me happy also.
B000VW69IY Nice, Comfortable Sandal This is one well made shoe. I personally think that it is a bit overpriced but I couldn't find a better shoe anywhere else.Since the first shoe size was too large, I had to return that pair. The process was very easy.I am happy with this purchase and will continue to consider this site for future purchases.A good purchase.A good experience.
B000VW69IY Very pleased with purchase, quailty and price. These shoes are true to size, great quality and comfortable.  A lot of other reviewers gave this high praise and now I understand why.
B000VW69IY I would recommend to all ! I bought them for my papa and he liked them a lot. So a good purchase. More over available in wide options...
B000VW69IY Comfortable from Day 1 comfortable from Day 1.  Fit perfectly in difficult to find wide size.  We are very, very happy with this purchase.
B000VW69IY Excellent quality. Happy with purchase.  Runs true to size.  Quality product that is very well made and comfortable.  Sole is double stitched and has good traction.
B000VW69IY very good sandle for the price. This one is very comfortable and the service was very fast.bottom sole is very strong and non slippery.very much satisfied with this purchase
B000VX01V4 Faulty insoles the insoles started to lift very soon after wear. So be careful of this purchase. I am not sure if it is a general problem or it was just this pair. They are very comfortable though and fits well.
B000VX01V4 Timberland Men's Classic Boat Shoe absolutely pleased and satisfied with these shoes....just love them.  Would purchase this brand again in a heartbeat. Will watch out for additional buys this good....
B000VX01V4 Good shoes Great looking and comfortable slip-ons.  I like the sold slip proof  soles.  Over all very pleased with the purchase  Ed.
B000VX01V4 Happy Got these for a steal and my grandson loves them  He is 14 and at the styling age. very happy with the product. Able to get a high dollar pair of shoes from warehouse deals at amazon for a song. Thanks
B000VX01V4 Great purchase Great purchase! Love timberlands.. They were a gift for my BF because he loves boat shoes and he was sooo happy
B000VX03GC very comfortable boot So comfortable. Have been used for hiking up mt. Baldy in S. California and every day walking around.The fit was better than expected, i'm very satisfied with this purchase.
B000VX03GC Great Pair of Shoe The boots fit a little larger than what we expected from a wide size shoe.  However, they fit comfortably and we are happy about the purchase and the quality of the boots.
B000VX03GC Used for hiking and happy Started using these for 3-5 mile hikes in a nearby reservation. It's handles ice, snow, mud, water, dogshit, and pavement with no troubles. As the weather has warmed to 60s the boot have become a little too warm for me so i'm thinking of getting a pair of summer boots. Overall very happy with purchase and would recommend for 3 seasons of hiking.
B000VX03GC Great boot for the money - weekend adventurer I looked around a while before making this purchase, but was very pleased with how they handled on my last camping trip to the Chihuahuan desert in Texas.  I normally wear a 10 or 10.5 and purchased their 10.5 sized boot.  There is a little break-in that you will need to go through, but they fit really well and functioned well too.  I still throw them on when I'm working outside around the house and don't want to mess up my other shoes. Glad I made the purchase, I think they will last a long time for the recreation use that I am throwing at them.
B000VX03GC These boots are worth every penny! Boots feelExtremely comfortable. Lightweight and breathable. Very satisfied w my purchase, I'll buy thus brand of boot again. Timberland
B000VX03GC Great boots! They fit as expected and are very comfortable.  They are also very light weight and I like the style.  I am very happy with this purchase.
B000VX03GC good hiking boots It took a couple of 1.5m walks to break them in, but they are now very comfortable.  I added dr. schol's cushions to give me more cushy walk.  Very pleased with purchase.
B000VX03GC Good boots The brand can see many places, I choose to purchase at amazon, can let me rest assured. Choice of appearance is for the sake of my father, because the older, very afraid of the cold so I choose both comfortable and warm shoes, HE is very like, I am very happy
B000VX03GC Lite, comfortable, water resistant hikers. These boots were comfortable out of the box.  They fit true to the size listed which for me is 10.5 wide.  The boots weight is less than expected for the amount of support they provide.  I am very happy with the purchase.  Now excuse me, as I am going to take a walk.
B000VX03WQ Great boot. Will recommend these boots to anyone.  I have found that they last a long time and will continue to purchase when needed.
B000VX03WQ Satisfied customer Another purchase from Amazon, and more to come but I just wanted to give some honest feed back on my experience with Amazon. You never know how real they are til you read your own. This place is like crack, love them and the overall level of service I get each and every purchase this just happens to be one I have been wanting for some time now and now I'm wearing them like crazy. Thanks  Amazon!
B000VX03WQ smooth transaction & fast delivery. love these boots, very comfortable & rugged for outdoors. will purchase another pair, will recommand to customers who like timberlands
B000VX03WQ highly recomended The quality was excellent! I will sure to purchase again in the  future. My husband was happy to wear it
B000VX03WQ well built this was a very well built boot. the shipper was very fast and easy to work with. will purchase from this person again.
B000VX04PC Excellent Very pleased with my purchase.  I read other reviews and was a little worried. I am happy to say amazon came through for me once again....thank!
B000VX061O Shoe Purchase These pair  shoes are as rugged and attractive as advertised and would gladly recommend them to anyone who might be interested in making a purchase  -  Paul B
B000XEAA0S Hubby is pleased! Comfortable, sturdy!  So far so good! Arrived as promised, prompt and brand new!  The boots are as described and he is happy!
B000XEAA0S comfort and durability Just what we needed. Perfect fit and shipped quickly. Very happy and will purchase again. They are a bit heavier than others but sizing is true.
B000XEACHO great price My miscalculation. But otherwise perfect choice. Would purchase these exact boys over and over again. This is now my second
B000XEACHO Happy with my boots Great boots! The reviews on this product are what helped me finalize my purchase. I'm glad I went for it. Good grip on slick surfaces and worked well in water. Also easy to clean after going into mud. Go for it!
B000XEACHO Generally a good product The boots look great and fit good.The negatives are that they are a little expensive and they don't last as long as they use to. I've been buying Timberland boots for about 8 years. I would purchase a new pair once a year. Now I purchase a pair every 6 to 8 months.
B000XEAM10 well made, comfortable shoe, These boots are lightweight, durable, and comfortable right out of the box, no break in time required.  Will purchase these boots again.
B000XEAPDA eyelet issues Wore this shoe less than two hours and the eylets came apart. The fit was great and, really comfortable. Would not purchase a boot with top eyelets.
B000XEAPDA Only worn twice since purchase I am very happy with my Timberland boots. I haven't had a pair from them for years, but am sure glad that they are back on my feet.It has only been two days that I have had them on (due to rainy weather) and they feel great. If you have ever had a pair of boots from Timberland, then you can expect the same quality as before. They arrived a few days after being ordered. Thanks for checking out the review and happy wearing when you purchase yours.
B000XEEQAI Happy with boots I was very pleased at how fast the boots came. They were what I expected and fit ptoperly. They are a good work boot.
B000XEH2P4 Very Happy These boots were great and fit perfectly.  I was nervous about buying boots on line, but was very happy with the experience.
B000XEIZ7S boots i am very happy with my purchase the fit is good and i am happy with  my purchase thank you
B000XEIZ7S Happy feet Hi!  I am an electrician for almost 20 years an this is my 5 pair of timberland PRO boots waterproof I like them because their very comfortable and they make my feet happy, I used to buy other brands and my feet used to be  tired and painful! seen my first pair of timberland boots I continue purchase them.
B000XEIZ7S Very Good Purchase Bought these for my husband. He is very happy with them so far; said they are the most comfortable work boots he's ever had.
B000XEJ9V4 Purchase it... &#304;ts perfect thanks timberland thanks amazon... &#304;'m happy because i think timberlands durable and long life... So buy it, wear it, and be happy with it...Thanks
B000XEJ9V4 Good Boots Happy with the boots, ordered and shipped to me promptly, I always keep an extra pair on hand. Very happy with product.
B000XEJ9V4 For those who work hard! These boots are for my husband who works construction. I am so happy that he is very content and comfortable with these boots. He has been using the PRO for a long time now. Every year we purchase a new pair when before with other brands, he would purchase boots at least 3 times a year.
B000XEJ9V4 Last pair lasted me over 2years I've been a fan of timberland for at least 2 decades....I've very satisfied with my purchase...I'll be shopping with u soon
B000XEKHOC good boot will buy again I bought this boot from amazon and it fits perfect. I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend them
B000XEKHOC Great work boot Quality, well made and fair price. Gift for son. Less expensive than sporting good store and fit perfectly. Very happy with purchase.
B000XEKHOC Great purchase. Highly recommend. Very comfortable boots. They feel like they're already broken in. I received my order in only 2 days. Great purchase!
B000XEKHOC Great boot Very warm, and comfy right out the box, have used for several months now, and they are holding up really well. Very pleased with this purchase.
B000XEKIUK great but Very happy with my purchase ,everything about these boots are wonderful. I will be buying more when these wear out but I'm sure that may take awhile.
B000XEKK94 Poor material This came in with a lot of worn out marks on the surface and any friction scratches the material very easily. The look, therefore, is not similar to what is shown in the picture. Not happy with the purchase.
B000XELF3O Timbos I chose this rating because the timbs I got off your amazon web site fit just as they should have and I'm happy happy happy
B000XELF3O Good quality You can tell these boots are well made and that they'll protect your toes/feet.  The only problem I had was with the heavier weight of this boot along with the large toebox. It took time getting used to these things but overall I'm glad I made the purchase.
B000XELF3O Timberland work boot Very comfortable, and quick to break in. I have been wearing this brand of boots for several years now, and am very happy with their durability as well. Price is much better on Amazon than a local purchase as well.
B000XELF3O Nice Boot I have a lot of trouble finding boots i like that are in my size, because I'm kind of a small guy. I usually end up settling for something I don't completely want.I was happy to find a pair online AND at a 40% discount. Timberland Pitboss' are great boots that usually last me long enough.  happy
B000XELF3O Exactly as shown, my employee was very happy great working boot for one of the guys here, very happy with the product and wearing them daily. Good job
B000XELF3O Great Came fast and as expected.  Got for my husband for work.  Awesome price.  We are happy with the purchase.  Ok.
B000XELF3O Good Purchase! This is the type of boot I have been looking for.  It is well made and sturdy.  It was a challenge to break in, but it fits well now.
B000XELF3O Pleased a Hard to Please Teenager My 16 year old son is hard to please to say the least. I knew I needed to buy boots for him and was not to happy about it because he is so picky. When I found these, I thought they would be great and the price was really good. He liked the picture so he asked me to go ahead and order them. When he came home he opened the box and smiled (this is a moody teenager we're talking about). He wore them the same day even though it was 60 degrees outside! So pleased with this purchase!
B000XELF3O Happy Overall Not a bad boot for the price. They break in pretty fast and are comfortable. I'll order them again sometime.
B000XELF3O LOVE THESE BOOTS My husband is very happy with this purchase.  Timberland did it again - exceeded his expectations - not too heavy - will be great motorcycle boots.  Thank you.
B000XETJU0 I like these boots It took a day to break them in. They feel and look good. I'm really happy with this purchase. Oh yea!!
B000XETJU0 Great boot right out of the box. Soft and ready to wear, I am very happy with these boots. Been wearing them for 2 weeks with no issues whatsoever.
B000XEVJJO Comfortable and heavy These are very comfortable boots and breathe well. I bought them for riding my motorcycle. The only drawback is, as would be expected, the steel toes make them very heavy. Very happy with the fit and happy with the purchase.
B000XEVJJO Very happy. I feel very happy with my timberlands, Thanks, I think that I'll get 2 more pairs very soon. So thanks again.
B000XEVJJO Timberland shoes Perfect fit and feels great. Very comfortable shoe. Will purchase more like these in the future. Well worth the money and was a very reasonable price
B000XEVLF6 Super very comfortable Super very comfortable, high-quality sturdy boots and looks good! I am very pleased with this purchase!)) A bit harsh, but they are also for the mountains!
B000XEVLF6 Great choice These shoes fit perfectly and they look good too. Exactly what I wanted and expected. Very happy with the purchase.
B000XEVLF6 very happy with the shoe This shoe is exactly what I wanted and I am very happy with the purchase.  My first steel toe sneaker, took a little getting used to but once I got used to the weight I was pleased.
B000XEVM50 Good fit and comfort More comfortable and roomy than I'd have expected. Very happy with them in the short time since my order. If they hold up I would order again.
B000XEVM50 nice shoes i work 12 hour shifts these are good shoes for the money. I only used them for a week but I am more than happy with the purchase. I would purchase wide width if you don't like the feeling of the protective toe.
B000XEVM8W Comfortable, but... These shoes were comfortable to wear, but instead of an eyelet for the laces, they used a hook which broke within 2 weeks of purchase and wearing them on the job.
B000XEVM8W Happy Chappy Very happy with the shoes also the packaging and time for delivery to Australia. Overall I would have no problems ordering these boot again as they are extremely comfy.
B000XF04LM Great Work Shoe These are good quality shoes for the price and are reasonably lightweight. I did a fair amount of research and very happy with purchase.
B000XF4D1Y great comfort, but a tad lose for size 12! All in all, amazing purchase - sleek, solid, rugged, yet light and comfortable - a difficult combination to get right!
B000XR2GN4 very pleased with purchase I received these boots in the time frame promised. They fit just as expected. I am a left leg amputee and it's hard to find boots that fit well for both feet. Thank you for your product. I'm sure they will last a long, long time.
B000XR2GN4 My feet like em I was pleased with this purchase in that they needed no break in period and they fit well.  The insoles are comfortable and they lace well.
B000XXGMRO great very cool boots, liked them a lot and very useful in the rain and cold. I think it was a good purchase i recommend to everyopne
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeeper Boots Great looking boots, but they run very large! I normaly wear a 10.5 however these boots were huge. I returned for a size 10 they fit better but still require heavy socks. I am happy with my purchase and would recommend these to a friend.
B000XXGMRO Very Happy They arrived as promised and are very comfortable.  The construction is very sturdy yet they are not bulky.  I am very happy with them.
B000XXGMRO Great looking and Comfy! Very Comfortable. No break-in time required.  Looks great with jeans.  Would purchase again.  Shipped and arribed on-time.  I would recommemd for casual wear only.
B000XXGMRO Excellent buy Boots fit perfect as expected and look great. They are super comfortable to wear. Very happy with my purchase. I recommend them!
B000XXGMRO Feels really well made Completely happy with this purchase.  I bought them as a snow boot for the Colorado winter and they do the job pretty well.
B000YDBIJU A good purchase I just got the shoes for my husband, he tried them on - they fit perfectly and are very light and comfortable. He's wearing them right now in the house but can't wait to wear them to work. Good purchase!
B000YDBIJU ... bought this for my Dad and he was so happy he told me its comfortable very Good n he ... I bought this for my Dad and he was so happy he told me its comfortable very Good n he kissed me :)
B000YT5X5O Stylish, yet comfortable I was pleasantly surprised when I tried on this shoe.  It is extremely comfortable and very well constructed.  It looks great with jeans as well as dress pants.  I am very pleased with this purchase.
B001704YR2 Heavy duty casuals These shoes look good and feel like they are made of high quality materials. I think they will be rugged enough to last several years while remaining presentable enough to wear out. My only knock on them is that the Achilles support is very stiff and rubs a little. I'm hoping this goes away once they're broken in.  All in all, I'm very happy with this purchase.
B001704YR2 Earthkeeper Oxfords What isn't there to like... The shoes arrived promptly, within a few days. They were sized right, and are very comfortable.My only concern was a 2" scuff along the left side toe box on my right shoe. It came out with some leather conditioner though so not a big issue.Overall I am very happy with this purchase. I have only had them a few days so durability is yet to be seen.
B001760K56 Another Great Amazon Purchase These boots are exactly what I was looking for! They are leather, well-made, and comfortable. I was expecting high-quality and these boots delivered. The fit is spot-on and the heavy lug sole will serve me well for Ohio winters. Very happy with my boots.
B001760K56 Just arrived I'm sure these will fit my personality a whole lot better.  I will let you know.  four more words I don't have any more to say yet.  I do not have them yet.I am very happy with this pair of boots.  They fit well and seem to be very comfortable.  I will still be looking out for a light brown boot.
B001760K56 Love these boots! A lot of people complained about the calf sizing, so I was worried, but they fit perfectly, not snug at all. I am not petite and actually am pregnant at the moment and they are fine.  I am very happy with this purchase.  Timberland always makes great products.  Them and Columbia are my favorite!
B001760K56 Great boots! Very Happy with my purchase.  They are extremely comfortable.  I wore them all day with no blisters or rubbing.  I'm thinking about purchasing in black.
B0019IVD0S very pleased with my purchase I am very pleased with the quality of this Tee. The product arrived promptly and I'm very pleased with this purchase.
B001AW4BGG It corresponded my expectations I am very happy with the purchase. I recommend.The only thing that I didn't like is that in the detectors of metal of the airports, he " whistles ". There the way is to remove it.
B001EWFF30 I would have given the boots a 4.5, but it won't allow me I've worn them since they arrived last week.  The fit and finish were just as others have described - It's as if you have worn them for yrs.  I have not been able to ck out the water resistance of the boots nor the durability on a trail.  If all the other reviews reported that they'd hold up, I don't forsee them doing the contrary.  Overall, I'm happy w/ the purchase thus far.
B001EWFF30 Lightweight boot that's very comfortable I'm Very happy with this purchase. These boots are so light weight & very comfortable. I would recommend these to buyers.
B001EWFF30 Comfortable right outta the box Great boot!!! Comfortable right outta the box! First online purchase of boots and am very satisfied with this item. Quality is superb!
B001EWFF30 Good buy. This is a very comfortable boot. Not to tight or to loose. Happy with the purchase. I would certainly recommend.
B001EWFFNK Best purchase. Very fast shipping, exact size, good looking, very comfortable and reliable Hikers. I would recommend to anyone.
B001FXZU92 Great boots Super comfortable work boots! Would recommend to anyone in the construction trade. Very happy with the purchase. Will buy more when they ware out.
B001J9EQOW Great Quality Great Fit! These shoes are amazing. They are great quality, and they fit perfectly. I am very happy with my purchase and I would buy these again...maybe in a different colour. Love them!
B001KOQ4EG Timberlandad Men's Madison Summit Casual Shoes Very happy with this purchase. Very comfortable and good looking shoes. I use them every day.Good finish.Fast shipping.Price is affordable.
B001SARJXC Shoes On-Line? I was very hesitant on it, but was pleasantly surprised how well this worked out.  Very happy with the purchase.
B001SARJXC Good purchase Good quality. I'm satisfied with the purchase. The product result like i've espected.. I recommend this shoe. Thanks a lot!!!
B001SARJXC I've liked these shoes alot in the past but not this pair! I've ordered this particular boot online several times in the past and have been happy with the results.  This time, there was something wrong with the insole of the right boot.  Had to ship them back, and Amazon won't replace.  Not happy.
B001SARJXC extremely happy this fits perfectly and is very comfortable compared to similar others brands that I have.I am a satisfied customer!
B001U0OTCY Great pair of boots! These boots are very comfortable and warm. They're very easy to lace up and easy to put on and take off. They look real cool too. I'm very happy with my purchase because this was a great bargain at that price. I'm considering getting the same in the tan color as well.
B001U0OTCY great fit and look I purchase this shoe to match the new buck and brown pair that I purchased form some where else and they have a high fit on the leg but it is a good fit
B001VNCKJ4 Great Boots are very comfortable boots, which adapt to the shape of the foot, fantastic loved! I am very happy with this purchase
B001W6QFQY Great purchase! I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas. The color is more beautiful than it appeared omn my computer screen and the material is flawless. Washes beautifully and holds its shape. I am very pleased with this purchase! Thank you!
B002618DBE Love these! These are just what I was looking for. Very happy with this purchase and will continue to buy the Timberland brand for my daughter as she grows.
B002ASAKN2 good fit I am  very pleased with my purchase and would  buy it again. This is the first pair of work boots that hasn't been a problem for me.
B002ASAMCG Nice boots These boots usually do well for me but who carries the warranty for this purchase is my question. How do I replace them if they're faulty?
B002ASAOUG So far so good Haven't even broken them in just yet but as far as arrival time and getting what I expected 100% satisfaction. I've never gone wrong with any Timberland purchase so I'm sure these will stand the test of time as well. Perfect fit and very lightweight even though the Titan Safety Toes could pass for steel toed boots very durable and like I said only had them for a week or so but, I'll go ahead and give the overall transaction and product a 5 star rating and have already received another Timberland purchase from Amazon as well which was delivered very quickly.
B002CVUQZ4 Great fit Perfect fit couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Great work boot and very comfortable. I recommend to anyone. Thanks
B002CVUSEI Slick, sturdy shoe These boots look really nice with jeans and are comfortable. If you have slim feet you may want to get an insole as they're a bit roomy inside. I'm happy with my purchase, I get a lot of compliments on these shoes.  Would get 5 stars if they were waterproof.
B002KLI1AI Love them They live up to the Timberland name. They are very warm and fit my foot well. I will purchase again in the future.
B002MAS1O8 Accurate sizing My son loves the boot..fits right in the arch and toes where he usually has a tight feeling..very happy with the purchase
B002NEGCC6 Looks nice and is comfortable Very happy with this purchase. The shoes are durable, comfortable and look good with jeans or pants. Would recommend to others looking for sporty looking slip-on shoe.
B002NEGCC6 good purchase Nice shape , reasonable price and comfortable feelingThis is my 5th timberland footwear and they have never let me down
B002QVGQQS Nice boot! This boot is exactly what I expected and more! Fit is perfect and it arrived quickly! Very happy with this purchase!
B002YOMJPY good purchase Purchased for my brother and he loved it!  No complaints about size or fit and wears well. Would buy again.
B002YOMJPY very happy I really like the comfort of these boots. I bought them to wear because they are water proof but have yet to try them in wet weather. Also seemed good to wear while riding atvs. But so  far I am very happy with purchase.
B002YOMJPY Nice boots for that price Good quality boots with low weight and reasonable price.9.5 US size fits as expected to my 42EU. I'm really satisfied with this purchase.
B002YOMJPY Bang for your buck! Paid less than $70 and I'm extremely happy with my purchase. The boots are lightweight and feel comfortable.Highly recommended if your budget is less than $80.
B002YOMJPY Perfect Looking for a winter boot, that's it.Comfortable, beautiful and strong.I loved it and I recommend the purchase for everyone
B002YOMJPY High quality, but too small Would purchase again, but larger sizes are required. Be sure to order a size larger if you purchase these boots
B002YOMJPY Most comfortable timbs I've ever had Most comfortable timbs I've ever had. They fit perfect when I bought the 2E, I'm very satisfied with my purchase. SO HAPPY!
B002YOMJPY AS advertise My husband was very Happy with this purchase..kept his feet warm ln below freezing weather .,very comfortable And fits perfectly
B002YOMJPY Very satisfied with the quality and fit of my purchase. Very happy with the fit and comfort of this boot. Has exceeded my expectations of this product. Would recommend this boot to my friends.
B0034G54BM Found Them! I had been looking for a pair of black boots for a while...saw these saw the price and got them! Very happy with this purchase, the fit is very comfortable. I love Timberland boots!
B0034G54BM Just got these and I love them! I have been looking for boots on Amazon for quite some time, debating between fashion and comfort as my main factor for choosing. I decided to buy the Timberlands because the price was just too good to pass up at just over $100 dollars for leather boots.They came today and I am extremely happy with this purchase. I normally wear an 8.5 but I bought a 9 to wear a warmer sock in them. They feel great and look really good. I love how the top is adjustable and can be tightened or loosened giving approximately a 1.5 in difference.... So great for tights or jeans.  I have 14in calves and with jeans on they wear well with the adjustment on the middle setting.Looking forward to wearing these boots.... They look good, feel good, with prompt delivery, and an awesome price!I would definitely endorse this Amazon boot purchase.
B0034G54BM Best boots on the market They are like buying Michelin's for your feet!  Durable and quite the look.  You won't regret this purchase at all.
B0034G54BM Nice Tim's I saw these boots on timberland website, but they were almost twice the price that I paid for from this site, they are very nice boots, I will purchase from this site again. They are a little tight, but you just have to break them in, I tried leather strech spray and wore them  it really worked. They were delivered fast. Very satisified with the purchase.
B0034G558E Looooooovvvee I am never disappointed with Timberland. I am extremely happy with my purchase. They're comfortable and the look really great on my feet!!.
B0034G558E Great boots They are so comfy. Just what I needed. Will be getting Will purchase the colors that I'm missing ;$ very soon
B0034G558E Perfect I wear boots a lot and these are my favorite.  I will definitely by Timberland brand again.  And, Amazon made the purchase easy.
B0034G558E Very comfortable boot I just purchased these boots and absolutely love them!!!  They fit true to size and made very well.  Very happy that I made this purchase!
B0034G558E AWESOME SHOES I'm so glad i bought these! i went on a hunt for combat boots and then found these tims.  they are perfect and cozy and sturdy.  these are my first pair of tims and im glad i bought them.  they come up right in the middle of my shins and they zip on the side.  the grip is good since i live in Upstate NY where the weather varies from rainy to snowy and these are perfect, no leaking, no wearing and tearing of the shoes exterior. im happy with my purchase and they are worth the price!
B0034G558E HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY !!!! Searched or years and finally found the right ones. Went a 1/2 size bigger, fit perfect, feel great when riding bike, have the Savin hill also. Definitely buy again... :)
B0034G558E I love these boots These boots are great!!!!!!!!!!  They have help up in this difficult NYC winter,  I recommend them and I hope I can continue to purchase them.
B0034G5KAC Really nice boots Was worried that these would run narrow.  I usually need an 11m, and the 11m in these boots fit perfect. These boots do slouch a bit.  The top was pretty snug at first, but loosened with wear.  Overall, I am very happy with this purchase.
B0037CW26I Great shoe It's the same as seen in the picture. Arrived early and love it. I'm very happy I had it at this price.
B003A4V78C SOOO COMFORTABLE! The shoes were so comfortable and look very stylish. I highly recommend to people who suffer from back problems and don't want to have to purchase insoles. These are comfortable right out of the box.
B003A6J1NS very happy hubby Purchased this for my husband, and he is a very happy with his boots. Good quality and the price was not bad either.
B003ELOZSU Love these boots I'm really happy with this purchase, especially with the pricing purchased through Amazon.  They're warm, comfortable, waterproof and stylish.  No complaints.
B003ELOZSU great shoe! Good for the heavy winter storms. It runs I love this shoe. I trudged through many winter storms through 2010-2011 in NY. I don't regret this purchase. You won't regret this purchase.
B003EV5IGI Very pleased with these boots! Very durable and not too heavy! I am an officer and I needed and wanted good work boots. These boots are very comfortable considering that I am in my feet all day long. I wanted combat style boots but without all the weight. This was a perfect purchase. Seller shipped fast and I am very pleased with the purchase.
B003EV5KB6 beauty i asked these boots for my daughter, and I am very happy with them is just what I expected and are very strong in this way I'm sure it will last much
B003TFEA5O Another Great Amazon Purchase These boots are wonderful! Timberland makes a great product. Theses boots fit well, are made well, and will last many seasons. I love the leather and the heavy lug soles will get me through the cold Ohio winters. Very pleased with my purchase.
B003TFEA5O Great boots for a great price! I love these boots.  The rich color looks great in person.  I usually wear an 8.5 and these were somewhat small, but after ordering and trying on a size 9 I decided the 8.5 would work best.  I have been wearing my boots for a few days now and they are breaking in nicely.  Very happy with my purchase and will purchase Timberland's again.
B003TFEA5O Complimentary They receive compliments when I wear them.  Very comfortable.  Good traction for a dressy ish boot.  Happy with my purchase
B003UFJCP6 Great boot I really loved the style, fit and price of the Timberland boots I purchased.  I am so very happy with them.  They are even better than I hoped!
B003XTEGPU I love them! I am completely satisfied with my purchase. They go great with all of my denim and are surprisingly comfortable. I was able to walk in them for hours without an inch of ache!
B0043QGPKQ The shoe is of very good quality The shoe is of very good quality, fits well with the body, is very cool and comfortable and very safe, I am very happy with this purchase recommended sizes are standard
B004E92CWW My Earthheepers The Timberland Earthkeeper was a great buy for the price! They're very comfortable.I wear them all the time. I will definitely purchase another pair.
B004EBTNYU a great choice love this tricot set, it fit perfectly well to my 3 year old nephew, a really good deal excellent quality, I'm very happy with this purchase,it was a great choice.
B004FHCKDE First experience of timberland It's my first purchase of timberland shoes. When I received the shoe,I think it just as the the same as my expect. the lether is good ,the profile is cool....As for the durability and core-tex membrane , may be it need some time to  feel..Above all, a satisfied purchase!
B004H4WR2Y Love these shorts! Love these shorts. Couldn't find them anywhere to replace a pair I had torn. Found them here online and have been very happy with them. The order came in on time, as described.I am very please with this purchase!
B004JZPRWS Very nice shoes Clean uncluttered style, very comfortable. Very satisfactory fit; pleased with the purchase especially at this price point.Laces delivered are longer than needed, potential 'trippers'.
B004K22QM4 timberland great shoes i m very proud of my purchase look forward to make the same deal on this site i will recommand  it .
B004K66PAE SOOOOOO COMFORTABLE!!!! These boots are perfect and so comfortable and the color goes with so many outfits.  Great Buy!!! Shipped super fast an overall I am so pleased with this purchase.  Also, can't find any boot like it in any store.
B004K66PAE Comfortable! I think this is a good quality boot AND they are comfortable. Very happy with this purchase. I would recommend them.
B004K66PAE Beautiful These boots were priced well below normal so I was not sure about the quality. They are comfortable, look great and they are warm. They are also true to size, I take a medium width and I have enough room to add a pair of cotton socks if I need to. I am very happy with this purchase.
B004K66PAE LOVE!!!! The boots fit perfectly and they are soooo comfortable!!!! I am very happy with my purchase!!!!! And I got them at a great price.  I want to buy a couple more!!!
B004K66PAE Awesome boots I was so happy to see these boots at the discounted price I had to get them. I love the quality and fit of the Timberland boots. So comfortable and well made. I wanted them last year but couldn't afford to pay full price, I had a very happy holiday!
B004K66PAE MUST HAVE for the WINTER! I've had my eyes on these boots when they were in the 200 dollar price range and when I saw the price slash over 50%, I ordered them without further hesitation.  I was in Kuwait and was pleasantly surprised at how fast they shipped to an APO address, especially during the holidays.  I ordered the copper ones and wish that I could have ordered other colors because they are really comfortable.  Timberland makes quality products (I have some boots that are going on 6 years, still in good shape); so I expect these boots will last a while.  I haven't tried these out in rough weather yet, so I'm not sure how they'll hold up in rain/snow but I am happy with my purchase.
B004K66PAE Amazing boots These boots are amazing quality and fit. I was surprised by how comfortable they are taking into account the heel that really makes you look higher and slimmer. I am extremely happy with the purchase, I've been looking for a pair of boots for quite a while and these exceeded my expectations!
B004K6C6ZW What a value! A Timberland boot for this price that is so cool and fits so well is amazing!  Beautiful leather/suede.  Am thrilled with this purchase that was delivered so quickly.
B004KQ4IWG love it! shoes fits very nice and comfy, like the color too and its very light on the feet...always happy with everything i purchase from amazon...i am one satisfied customer!
B004KQ4IWG Can't complain As other reviews claim, these boots are narrow but luckily they take very little time to stretch out. By my second time wearing them they fit like a glove and I barely noticed they were tight. They really are an attractive boot and 100% resistant to water and snow. Overall a purchase I'm happy with.
B004KQ4IWG Stratham This ankle boot is very comfy.  The color is great and I am very happy with this purchase. Highly recommended.
B004NRUZQ0 Love them ...got it fast ....happy camper am I We are happy with the boots ....they are really nice and would recommend them.  Shipping was fast and furious.  Did not have to contact vendor.
B004P35ERM slipper comfort easy-on comfort. These shoes are comfortable to wear around the house or to the mountains for camp side. I am happy with this purchase
B004PNE720 Light & Comfortable Only a few days of wear at the time of this review.  Great boots, virtually no break-in period and I am never in hurry to take them off at the end of the day.  Only remotely negative item is that the leather scuffs easily and looks worn pretty quick, will have to see if that is just cosmetic as time passes.  Overall, happy with my purchase
B004REL8TW excellent Purchased these boots for my 6 years old daughter. She is happy that means we all are happy. Fits great and keeps y little goat's foot warmer. I recommend all people here to buy and the sizes are fit. No need to think 1/2 size biggers.
B004REL8TW Timberland nor'easter Snow Boot good .Purchased these boots for my 10 years old daughter.She is happy that means we alI recommend all people here to buy and the sizes are fit.l are happy.
B004T0YVZ2 love this boot I bought this boot for my daughter and she love it. Very comfortable and sturdy, met all my expectations. Bought size 6.5 and it fit her perfectly. I am very happy with the purchase.
B004TDWITU Very Satisfied purchased these Timberlands for my 3yr Granddaughter and she absolutely loves them. they are very well made and they look exactly like the picture. I will purchase from this company again.
B004ZCE19U Nice so happy I can  buy more .this was a good buy my son happy merry Xmas save money go on line ok
B004ZCE19U exactly what I expected Perfect fit. Good quality merchandise. Great price. I ended uo getting the wheat pair as well. I'm very satisfied with my purchase
B0054HM2UU Very Comfortable I owned another pair of Timberlands before these pair and I was happy with those because they made my feet feel amazing at the end of the day.  It rained when I first used them and they worked great, non-slip advertisement works as expected.  very happy with the purchase of these.
B0056QW98E Great, so much better than dansko I wore these on an unexpected forest hike and they were fantastic.  So pleased with purchase, and they don't make you roll your ankle.
B005A5YQ2S Great fit Size is perfect. Husband wears a 13 gym shoe, got 13 in these and they fit great and still had room for winter socks. Waterproof and lightweight is really impressive. They look great and don't really look like the conventional hiking boot. Very happy with the purchase, only took him 1 week to break it but never got blisters or anything.
B005B7S1AI Good Value for the Brand Good quality Timberland Boots. My tee son is very happy with this purchase. I will probably buy another pair soon.
B005BWB2QI Well made great looking shoes I'm very happy with my purchase. Great looking and well made boat shoes. Although, they are actually a little darker than they appear in the picture. The fit was perfect.
B005BWB2QI Very good deal This is my first time and Shoe was nicely packed and it's exactly what we see on pictures ... Very happy with this purchase
B005BWB2QI Nice Shoes Great shoes. Very durable and comfortable. Had them for several months and they have broken in nicely. Happy with this purchase.
B005BWB2QI lightweight shoes I'm happy with this purchase, comfortable walking besides being very light, color it was great, very good finish, I recommend these shoes
B005BWB7EU good fit and wear I'm happy with my purchase
B005FI1VE6 Very happy with my purchase! Great shoes and great quality! The shoes were just a tad bit too big but that just means room for her to grow!
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes These shoes are perfect for a toddler - they fit well, wash well and look nice. I  am very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend it.
B005FM5Q3O Good quality I like these on my son. They are closed toe for some protection and can fit his foot perfect due to the three straps. They are a kid of plastic material that is super light and water proof. Happy with the purchase.
B005GYECXQ Great Fit They fit perfectly. I am very happy with them and more then likely will order another pair in the future
B005GYK9V0 Sleek Fits properly and classic with jeans and casual outings.... am pleased with the purchase.. good buy for the price............. I recommend it anytime
B005I6RZXG Dansko look out there is a new shoe in town (closet). Fit is perfect.  Comfortable. Better than all the others I have tried. ;)  Happy feet.  Happy gal.  Happy everyone who is around me.
B005I6RZXG Love them! I'm very happy with this purchase. Their comfort and support is just what I need for working twelve hour shifts as a floor nurse. I ordered my usual size and they fit perfectly.
B005I6RZXG Pleased Very pleased with my purchase. This is my first pair and so far I love them. They fit true to size also
B005I6YJW6 Great shoes for long work days. I am very happy with this purchase.Shoes are light and comfortable.I have only worn them two weeks, but they are built solid and seem durable.
B006OB62PQ great purchase I really like sweet dressing. Excellent quality and easy to use. I'm happy! Convenient pockets. All my credit cards have found their place. Well expanded in trouser pocket. I suggest you purchase this product.
B006T307QE Comfortable workboots I tried these on at a local store but they were half the price on amazon with free shipping so I purchased them here instead. The boots are heavy yet comfortable, and true to size. At the time of this review I have only worn them for a few months, but so far I am very satisfied with them would not hesitate to recommend them or purchase another pair. Only time will tell how well they hold up.
B006T32WNK Nice Boots are comfortable but loose around the ankle otherwise very happy with my purchase. Material near the alloy steel somewhat loose but was able to get fixed.
B006T92A7C Comfortable and stylish Lightweight, comfortable, stylish, soft touch, goes wonderfull with jeans, thin enough to fit in every shoe, breathable...Everything you want in a sock. I would definetly buy again, really pleased by this purchase
B006ZIJ0PW Love The Boots I am so happy with these boots they are exactly what I wanted. You can use them with skinny pants as well as with skirts and dresses. Very comfy true to size and my best purchase in a while.
B006ZIV6PY So comforable I was so happy with the fit of boots, and there very well made, I can`t wait for cold weather!!!!
B006ZJ2ZUI love them 5 star,most comfortable boots out the box. I seen them had to have them and i am very satisfied with my purchase
B006ZVOJXM ADORE THESE COMPLETELY! Well-made, fabulous boots. Comfy from the first wearing. Great-looking. Fit great. LOVE THESE! What's not to love? My absolute new favorites. Happy, happy camper here. Thanks, TImberlands! And Amazon, of course.
B006ZVOLHQ Worth every penny!! They're comfortable, warm and stylish.  They came right on time, it's like it's Christmas all over.  My first pair of Timberland boots.  I will look for them more often.  So, happy with this purchase.
B0070SHSGE Not a durable design I've purchased a series of the timberland shoes and generally been happy. However just four months after purchase the seperated from the soles of the shoe.
B0070SI95I Great! Good what I was described is what I have received and I am happy with my purchase good gift or etc
B0070SJK60 Great purchase I wanted waterproof motorcycle boots that were sort of low key (not a huge heel, big lugs, buckles). These are light, comfortable, and reasonably priced.Highly recommend.
B0070SJK60 Nice boots The color of these boots have a lot of character.  Stiff and needs a break in period. Seems a tad bit narrower than the premium 6 inch boots. i'm happy with the purchase
B00713499W Great purchase! Love them.  Great fit.  Well made.  My four year old great nephew loves them.Would definitely purchase again and highly recommend.
B007782V1O great boots bought for my daughter - she is very happy for them - would recommend - true to size - arrived on time
B007784JI2 Happy with purchase Great work boot, sad to see such a nice pair of boots get messed up on the job.  Will purchase again.
B007EFDTSY Great Fit Just plain and simple, it fits, confortable and really nice packaged!A good purchase must i admit!Recommended for everyone!
B007G4VV74 Well finished Well finished. Looks like a nice quality product. Comfortable and usefull wallet. The price is reasonable. I'm happy with the purchase.
B007G4VW4G I'm liking this purchase I really like this wallet. I've had it for a few days, and I can report so far that I'm happy with the quality and utility. It's sharp-looking and feels good in the hand. The currency section has a divider -- useful to separate my receipts from my bills. I'm happy so far.
B00828VKFQ I LIKE IT SO MUCH. I like it every thing . color , leather and style.it make my  wife so happy. and she happy  make I happy
B00828VKFQ Very Comfy I'm glad I got them to replace my old Ariat.  Will purchase another pair.  Worth the money!  You will be happy with them.
B008AH77XS Great purchase This purchase met my expectations in all ways. The sizing is correct and I love the weight of the jacket. Good investment for New Jersey's wintry weather.
B008B5XICS Great carry-on!! I am very happy with this purchase. It seems to be quite durable although time will tell, but the zippers and fabric seem to be durable. I travel once a week and this fits the bill. It is light, rolls easily, and is easy to put in and take out of the overhead bin.I am tall, 6'7&#34;, and the handle is long enough for me...no complaints. i wouldn't hesitate to buy another for a loved one.
B008KLEYLM Super comfy I am really happy with these shoes. They are really comfortable and go so well with jeans, shorts, and skirts.
B008M27754 one very happy customer Very good. Happy I bought it. I am thinking  of buying another one. It is  comfortable  and fit very well
B008M2MGSC great purchase very satisfied with this purchase, the quality is excellent, fits fine and the color is beautiful. I recomend it to everyone
B008M4UN1C fits well and really comfortable fits well and really comfortable. came on time, color is what was expected. well designed and not flimsy. good purchase.
B008M4UN2Q i like Its still cold outside so I haven't worn them yet but they are both good fits and I am happy with my purchase
B008MHR6D2 Good purchase Comfy and casual. Sometimes the laces become untied but after time I'm sure they will loosen up and stay tied longer.
B008N6YRCK Absolutely Awesome! I am 100% happy with my purchase! These sandals are so adorable, trendy and what is very important for me lightweight. Their anti-fatigue design make me walk comfortably all day long. I recommend them to everyone!
B008N7GT9I inconformidad con la compra realizada. GOOD NIGHT, GREETINGS FROM VENEZUELA. THESE LINES IS TO INFORM THAT THE DAY WEDNESDAY 07/17/13 RECEIVED THE PACKAGE FOR THE PURCHASE OF TIMBERLAND BOOTS MEN `S INTERVALE MID BOOT. SAME CONDITIONS IN PERFECT CONDITION, BUT WITH SOME DETAILS THAT DESCRIBE THEM BELOW: TO OPEN THE PACKAGE FOUND BOOTS MODEL TO PURCHASE THROUGH YOUR PORTAL TO REVIEW CAREFULLY BUT I REALIZE THAT THE NUMBER OF SHOES TO CHOOSE THE DAY PURCHASE WAS NOT THE ONE THAT WAS INSIDE THE BOX, THIS BOX EVEN MARKED WITH THE NUMBER YOU SELECT THE DAY OF PURCHASE BUT NOT THE SHOE WITH WHICH IS VERY SELECTED ABOVE. THROUGH THIS EMAIL You have my NONCONFORMITY BECAUSE BELIEVE NOT FULFILL MY EXPECTATIONS OF PURCHASE, I WOULD LIKE TO THINK THAT COMMITTED AN ERROR WHEN SENDING THE PACKAGE. SEND THEM PICTURES OF THE NUMBER LISTED ON THE BOX MATCHES WHICH WAS MY SIZE AND WHEN YOU SELECT BUY AND FOOTWEAR TO TAKE THE NECESSARY CORRECTIONS AND NOT GO AGAIN WITH OTHER CUSTOMERS.GRATEFUL RESPONSE TO THIS MAIL ME CAREFULLY BLADIMIR DISMISSAL.[...]
B008VPU0GK Lightweight and comfortable Rigid, yet lightweight and comfortable ... perfect for hikes with rocky areas.  Haven't tested the waterproofing quality however I expect these boots to perform great.  Very pleased with this purchase.
B0090K0UK6 shoes they fit well and are very well made and i am so happy with them as they are so easy to get on and off
B0091HJFRM Very happy with this purchase These have great support, they're very comfortable and they keep you warm without turning you into a sweaty bog monster. I'm very happy with these&#8212;much better than my Keens or Merrells (the latter I paid dearly for). Seem to run a bit long, but not problematically so.
B0091HJFRM Great Boot Shipped as advertised. Only took one day to break in. Sheds water extremely well. Soft comfortable sole. Looks as good as the picture. Very happy with the purchase.
B00943LHJW better than I expected I love this luggage. It looks so much better than the website, and it's lightweight. very happy with this purchase.
B00943M2F0 Timberland gets it right I did a lot of research on maximum-sized carry-ons, and ended up buying this. I'm really happy with that decision. They've made the most of the space available for a carry on. The handle seems like it will last, as will the rollers. It looks great too. I ended up buying the matching backpack so now I have a set... I'm happy with this purchase.
B009GIRFAU Excellent Luggage High quality luggage and I highly recommend it.  Light weight and perfect size.  I bought it for a 10 day trip; packing for myself and my daughter.  Very happy with this purchase!
B009R8KH18 Works well I had to cut these down to fit my shoes, but they made an instant difference in comfort. I would purchase them again and recommend them to others.
B009RPNCMM Very Nice Product well made I had been looking at these shoes for weeks until my size came in.  They look even nicer in person that they do online.  The shoe fits great and is well made.  Would recommend them to anyone and suggest Amazon as the place to purchase them from.  I paid $79.99 for these shoes and if you could find them in a retail store, which you cant, it would easily cost $120.  I've purchased three Timberland boots on Amazon in the past 4 months and got excellent deals on all of them.  I will never purchase shoes in the store again, unless absolutely necessary.
B00A27DADU Cool! They fit great, I was happy they arrived 2 days later, I would love to get another pair soon. Thank you!
B00AQL08YG As expected My First purchase on amazon.  bought 2 pairs of timberland shoes, one for my son and the other one for my husband. Fit is as expected, quality is as expected happy with purchase.
B00AR4HHNW Highly recommend These boots are extremely comfortable. I bought them for my 9 year old and I will borrow them when she isn't looking (I have a very small foot). They keep water out and warmth in. The style of the boot make them easy for walking and the colors go with everything. Perfect purchase will definitely purchase again this winter!!! Company was fast and had it shipped in time for Christmas.
B00AW7M97S Love my boots My boots have been very comfortable, and I was really happy to see they looked as good as the picture.  I have received several compliments while wearing them.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
B00AW7M97S Love I was thoroughly pleased with purchase.  Comfortable, fits true to size, excellent materials, and attractive to look at.  I don't know how well it wears, but if first impressions are anything I can assume/expect to receive many years of wear.  Glad to have made this purchase.  To tell the truth this is my fifth timberland pair of boots....and I have NO COMPLAINTS.
B00AW7RBGC Comfy! These are actually a 2nd purchase. Got the tobacco color this time, and have black already. Very comfortable. Work in the city and always walking ...had to have another pair because they have become my go to boots this winter season for the office, alongside my knee high boots.Added extra insoles and even more comfy on my long walks to and from the train station going to the office.Sturdy craftsmanship. Though, wish there was more traction on the bottom soles. Otherwise, very happy with these boots.
B00AW7RBGC very pleased Some stuff are like investments- this boots is one of those- great style, much better than the picture, Timberland quality, comfort. very happy with purchase.
B00AW7RBGC Very Comfortable and Excellent Quality These boots fit true to size and are very well made. They are, as others have said here, very comfortable right out of the box.Not a lot of breaking in for the first wear. These are certainly my favorite boots and I am very pleased with this purchase.Shipping was right on target as .Don't think anyone could go wrong with a Timberland boot.
B00AW8HF9Y Timberland Putnam boots Beautiful soft leather, beautiful fit and comfortable.I would recommend for dress or play..very happy and would buy Timerland again. thanks.
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable! These boots are very comfortable.  I am very happy with my purchase.  I could walk in these boots all day long!  I will definitely purchase another style from Timberland.  Fits like a glove, true to size.
B00AW8JG9G Riding High In My RIding Boots! I have wanted riding boots for a very long time, and finally Santa got it through his cap and brought these to me this year! I am so very happy, first because they are Tims, and I knew I have quality, and second, they look so darn good! Actually, there is a third reason for me to be happy, and that's because they are really comfortable as well! :) I would recommend these to anyone.
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots Traveling to Europe and was planning on much walking on cobblestone so I purchased these boots.  They were wonderful.  They look great with a skirt or jeans.  Sole is well cushioned and my feet never hurt!  Very pleased with this purchase.
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable The boots were received quickly. I waffled for a long time between these and Fryes. I am happy with my choice, the have a more grippy bottom sole and the price is not so high and the quality is quite good.
B00AW8JG9G Boots for my daughter! My daughter loved them.  Wore them the day they arrived.  She wears a size 9 and they fit perfectly.  So far very happy:)
B00AW8JL0A Love them I have been looking for the look and style of a boot like this for under $100. The first time I put them on, I did feel he 'hardness' in the ankles but they softened up very quickly.  I have received 10 compliments in the week I've owned them.  Very happy with my purchase
B00AW8KD8E Great Purchase What are you going to say, you pay for what you get and as always you can't go wrong with Timberland,  Everything came as expected and fitted perfectly.  THank you Amazon.
B00AZPPEQ0 TOTALLY HAPPY TO BUY THIS THEY ARE SOFT, VERY CONFORTABLE, TOTALLY HAPPY TO BUY THIS!
B00AZPQV6C Fantastic Boots. Got these boots in the mail a few days before a trip to Utah. Put them on and was instantly aware of two things. How well they fit and how comfortable they were. Have been wearing them occasionally through the wet New England late winter/spring seasons and they have reliable kept my feet dry. This is a high quality pair of boots and I am extremely happy with my purchase and I especially look forward to breaking them in for years to come.
B00AZPRQ66 Awesome Very cool boot.  At first it is a bit stiff but breaks in quickly.  Both casual and trendy.  Beyond durable - I will have the forever.  Very happy with purchase.  I wish they made black.
B00B7GRUKY Timberland PRO Men's Byson Really comfortable right out of the box.....including soles. I hope they last! No issues wearing these in public. Good purchase.
B00B9PADZ2 Beautiful boots... I could not be more happy with this purchase.  I have purchased Timberland boots in the past and I know to order a half-size down.  They fit perfectly upon arrival.  The boots are crafted well.  They look great.
B00B9PJBDC The perfect pair of boot!! Love them!!!!  If they came in black I would purchase those as well.  They are very comfortable and look great.
B00BB7BX66 Comfortable boots made for walking. The boots fit really good.  Comfortable when sitting or walking. A little bit less comfortable and driving a stick shift car. Overall I'm happy with purchase.
B00BCJV7H8 I Love these boots They not only look great, they are comfortable, waterproof and keep your feet warm!! Very happy with my purchase would even consider buying in another color!
B00BCJXLHW Happy wife! As a longtime wearer of Timberland shoes and boots - I surprised my wife with a pair of Timberland's Women's Teddy Fleece Fold Down Ankle Boots - and she loves them!  Happy wife = Happy Husband!
B00BCJXLHW Favorite Shoes SO happy with these boots! Favorite shoe purchase I have ever made and only one I have ever done online. They take a while to get use to but they are perfect for snow and rain and just cold days in general! Super cute and seem to be made out of very durable material.
B00BCJXLHW Happy New Year Needed new boots & these are a great color & fit. Highly recommend this waterproof pair, very happy & comfortable!
B00DYRPX9O quality shoes! I am happy  with the purchase! The delivery was fast. The shoes are of perfect quality and just feel great on your feet.Very comfortable and nice looking. Would highly recommend to anyone one who is looking for comfort and style.
B00EAL3KLQ Very happy. Shoes are sturdy.  They look like they will last a long time.Extremely comfortable.  I am very happy with my choice.
B00EALTP4M Happy buy Shoes fit great and are comfortable. I was unsure of sizing and am happy I went with wide. Shoes squeak.
B00G7SBDP0 Comfort These are comfortable working shoes for me and I think they are reasonably priced, I would recommend these as a good purchase.
B00H46N3TI Great quality and fit... High quality, no show hose sockw. They are not visible when wearing top sider or low cut shoes. Very happy with the purchase.
B00I2UXDQI Terrific Boots! These boots look good, are comfortable, and are easy to care for.  Quality product.  Very happy with my purchase of these boots.
