B000073TM3 Nice boots however need one left and one right shoe to make a pair Recieved two right boots. My son was never able to wear these booots since I didn't have time to return them. I was very dissapointed in the fact that I was sent two right boots instead of a pair.
B00009WM7J Perfect! I am a 7.5 women, and ordered a 5.5 big kids.  The shoe is in mint condition and fits just as I hoped.  They even included a return order form in case I wasn't satisfied.  Furthermore, my Timberland's were not expected until March 10th, I received them March 4th.  Score.  Don't hesitate, this company is reliable and honest.
B00009WM7J It's okay I like the boot but I need a bigger size. Return was to hard to understand so I kept them I probably sale them but the boots are cute though.
B00009WM7J i hate it the description should have been better.  the timbs were not true to size.  they fit big.  would have been good to know b/4 purchase.  when i tried to exchange, i had to return and reorder. but the next size down was a good $20 more.  that makes little to no sense.  as a result, i opted to not rebuy the item
B0000AFSX4 Need to return I got the wrong size I need a size 6 for guys not toddlers ! But it's my fualt I didn't read correctly !
B0000AFSX4 Very good I choise the size wrong , even was so small for me.The service was amazing. Was easy fir return and I will buy my right suze now!Good job
B0000AFSYY Prepare to break them in! Totally worth every penny spent here on Amazon! I've kept my eye on these for awhile (price can fluctuate!) I read the reviews about them running large so I purchased a 1.5 size down. Typically I wear a size 3 youth (& 5.5 in women's) so I purchased a 2 but it was away too small so I exchanged it for a 2.5 W & It was perfect! It took me awhile to break it in, I've had it for a month and it's still a bit tough getting my foot into the shoe but once it's in there... it's heaven! I love amazon's exchange policy! They'll start our order as soon as you want to exchange it and before you even send it back to them. This is great for anxious shoppers!! Just gotta make sure you return it within 30 days or they'll charge you twice!! Timberland's are so sturdy, feels like it'll last a long time, it's super versatile & I'm glad it's back in style!
B0000DFAXV my review so far I'm very satisfied with my products , and if i return any item it's because it was to small
B0000DFAXV REALLY GOOD BOOTS AND GOOD SERVICE At first i thought boots in general normally run big so i ordered a size down from what she normally wore, but it was then actually a bit smaller than her other shoes, so i was contemplating whether or not to return it thinking it will take about a week to get back to them and another few days to send me the right one cause her birthday was in a week. But i just gave it a shot and mehn they sent off the right one right away and gave me 30 day to send back the wrong one i had, it was totally problem solved. thank amazon
B0002RDYMC imcompleto order I found very bad because I do not get my order completely and had to request the return of my money.
B0007T4IGG Not bad This was a a little too big but couldn't return it because my son wore it out too soon.  Not bad
B000AKVBFI Slightly disappointed at first, but they are exactly what I wanted These are a little skinnier than my other pairs. Love these boots normally, I might return this pair. Maybe they were from a different Chinese factory.  After wearing them a few times they are exactly the same, I guess I forgot how they felt new.
B000BB15ZC Awesome boot I originally ordered extra wide, but sent them back and got medium width. The new ones that came fit great, and they are so comfortable right out of the box. Both pairs came a bit scuffed, but I was able to buff out the marks. I polished the new pair with mink oil, so they really look great now and should be even more waterproof. Really great boots for the money, and the Amazon return process to send back the first pair could not have been easier.
B000BB15ZC Disappointed -stitches broke quickly My husband took them on a trip abroad and after wearing the shoes for one day, the stitches broke. Since we were on the trip I was not able to return them and instead we got them fixed.  To my surprise, after another week of wearing, more stitches broke. I'm very disappointed with the quality for the price paid.
B000BFIHVS Great fit, bad worksmanship. Having owned Timberland boots in the past, always had great fit and finish. These boots fit perfectly, however, the left tongue had a slight ripple which looked okay after I laced them up. But after wearing them for 8 hours, it felt like something digging in along the top of my foot parallel with the tongue. Turned out it was the tongue, apparently it wasn't laying flat on the top of my foot, causing discomfort. Much to my dismay, I discovered Amazons return policy stated the shoes must be unworn for exchange. The problem wasnt evident though until after I had worn them. So, a caveat to all, return shoes if there is even the SLIGHTEST visual problem before you wear them.  Update- after 2nd wear tongue flattened out a bit, and after carefully lacing them, was able to minimize the discomfort. May get better with wear, but still have to use extra time lacing to prevent the problem, which I shouldnt need to do.
B000BFIHVS Eyelet snapped off second time I laced. I bought these to take on a hiking trip to Scotland. The first time I wore them after I arrived was the trip over from the US, two days ago. The second day when I went to lace them up, the forth eyelet up snapped right out of the grommet, so they are now unusable. Now I am shopping for boots here and will have the haul them back to the US with me to try to return them when I get home in a few weeks. I did not expect such terrible workmanship from a brand like timberland.
B000BFIHVS SIZING ISSUE I had to return the boots because they were too small. I found the sizing chart confusing since it differs from the last 5 sets of these boots I have purchased. International sizing has its challenges.
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable Had to return the first pair as one of the shoelaces was cut in half but Amazon (as they always do) replaced it without a problem and I'm enjoying them as I type this review.
B000BFIHVS shoddy boot ive had these boots for 2 weeks and the toes are already getting holes in them. not very well constructed. sorry to say that i will be not buying anymore tims in the futrue. just waiting for a response from them to return/replace.
B000BFIHVS Perfect fit - print out a foot chart though I was trying to replace an old pair of Timberland boots that I loved but they are no longer made. These fit perfectly and are lighter and even more comfortable. They feel as though they were made especially for my feet! I was concerned at first about ordering online, but the return policy seemed excellent so I gave it a shot and I'm glad I did. However, I STRONGLY RECOMMEND PRINTING OUT A FOOT CHART. You can find these on the web with a simple search. They are exact copies of the layout of those devices that shoe stores use. The chart showed I needed 10 EE (standard wide). The only downside I have found with the boots so far is that the welt on the tongue does not quite go high enough so that I have to be sure it is positioned exactly or I can see my socks through a small gap where the upper lacing begins. An extra 1/2 inch would have been better. Hence the 4 stars rather than 5.
B000BFIHVS Not sized correctly Let  me preface this by saying I always buy Timberland. I always buy 10w, put them on and go to work, always fit right and lasted a long time.Not only could I just barely get these on my feet, they were so tight I had to take them off after about 15 minutes.And to add insult to injury, I had to pay $6.00 to return boots that are company flawed. I am very disappointed in both Timberland and Amazon since I have been a good customer of both for many years.Ebay is starting to look better to me....
B000BFIHVS Great fitting boot, and well made First I want to say that Amazon's free return policy is great.  I have owned a pair of TImberland hiking boots for several years, and they lasted a great while but were in need of replacement.  Naturally, I ordered the same size in this boot but found that it did not fit quite the same.  The White Ledge boot was slightly smaller, with my toes touching the front and requiring a return/replacement with a half size larger.  I am not blaming Timberland for this as my previous pair was a 9 1/2 and I replaced it with a 10, which fit well.This boot is lightweight, well constructed, and seems to be durable for the short time I have been wearing it.  It was well worth the price and was a significant savings with Amazon offering a 20% discount promotion.I am 100% satisfied with this purchase and Amazon's customer service and free return policy.
B000BFIHVS Excellent product but shoe sizing is always difficult. Many reviews said shoe sizing was on the small side.  They were right and I had to order the next size up BUT it was well worth it.  Amazon's return policies and procedures make online shopping worthwhile.
B000BFIHVS so comfy These boots look and feel great. I had to return first pair for 1/2 size larger. I love the warmth.
B000BFIHVS Very pleased overall Great boot -- just seemed to run a little smaller than normal.  Kudos to Amazon.com for having the best return/exchange process available in the industry.  Had my new (1/2 size larger) boots within a few days.  The boots themselves are very comfortable and appear to be super durable.
B000FDPXW2 Good buy Bought them for my husband and they can faster than expected. He loved them they were brand new as the description says. Right after ordering, I thought I had gotten the wrong size. I contacted the seller and they were very willing to exchange or return. This was definitely a great but. I highly recommend!
B000FX9A5S Not sure if AMazon or TL issue... Got this pair, as an upsize.  The right boot (my bigger foot) fit well, and was comfortable after a bit.  The left one, nope.  It was small, felt like a 13 D (it was squeezing and the top of the steel toe was digging a little into my foot.  SO, after wearing them a few hours around the house, I gave up.  Also...  I noticed the left boot was a different material, or at the least a boot from a different pair.  The leather did not match.  It was smooth while the right was rough.Also, the pair was packaged in a generic box, not a Timberland box.  So this was fairly obviously a return.All in all, I'm kind of losing faith in Amazon's shoe dept.
B000FX9A5S Had to return them I needed a good sturdy pair of boots for around the house and these seem to look good and be a sure thing.  I had them for 2 mos and have basically only worn them to and from work, not at work, and I got home and went to take them off and when I grabbed the heel to pull the boot off the whole sole tore off.  Maybe it was just this one pair but it happened to me.  Amazon was great and let me return them for no cost.  Good job amazon
B000FX9A5S Initial size a liitle off.....fixed it easily! I have always had quality experiences with the Timberland I have worn. I decided to try ordering online, but was wary, since I have very wide feet. Normally, I wear a 4E width, and these were only available in 2E. The 10.5 2E were a little too narrow, so I followed the Amazon return process, and got the size 11 2E, and they not only fit very well, but arrived exactly on schedule, and the return pick-up process via UPS was quite painless! (Be sure you can print the verification paper, so you can give it to the UPS driver/put it in the box when they come to pick up the return.)Additionally, I called Timberland about a worn pair of boots similar to these, and not only were they very quick to provide the warranty process (it is almost certainly a warranty repair), the staff were super friendly and professional. I will buy Timberlands whenever possible in the future!
B000G21BSC Broke first time she tried them on The boots fit my wife very well. Unfortunately, the first time she tried them on, one of the lace eyelets pulled free of the boot. We had to return them.
B000G23DQK Fake/Counterfeit? Just got around to wearing my Timberland boots ordered from Amazon two weeks back.  On closer inspection, the built quality seems to be poorer than those I saw in the retail store. At first I thought it could be due to the different factory it comes from (Those in retail stores in Singapore are made in Vietnam while the one I ordered from Amazon was made in Dominican Republic)After wearing it for just 10 days, the heel of my left boot had split open.  I cannot believe Timberland would make such a poor quality product under their brand name. Worse of all, the window for return has closed and I cannot get a refund or exchange!
B000G23DQK NOT fake, Timberland company has changed. Bring back the quality! Instead of repeating the same experience, I'm going to borrow from other reviewers.Exert from Amazon Review for Timberland Men's 6" Premium Scuffproof Boot by Spain:Wrong Style - Wrong Leather"The boot that was sent to me by Amazon is a different leather, and different style #. The different version on Amazon feels like sandpaper, whereas the Timberland style 10061 feels more like suede. Style 10061 has better padding inside and is made in the Dominican Republic. The Amazon version is made in China."Exert from Amazon Review for Timberland Men's 6" Premium Boot by Alvin Lee:Fake/Counterfeit?"Just got around to wearing my Timberland boots ordered from Amazon two weeks back. On closer inspection, the built quality seems to be poorer than those I saw in the retail store. At first I thought it could be due to the different factory it comes from (Those in retail stores in Singapore are made in Vietnam while the one I ordered from Amazon was made in Dominican Republic)."Exert from Amazon Review for Timberland Men's 6" Premium Boot by "drakenX":not like they used to be made"I love timberland boots, I've been wearing them for the past 5 years and overall I was very satisfied with them. However this last pair that I bought disappointed me a bit though. I've had to send them back after a few months because I was getting a very annoying sound from each one on every step I took. The return was easy, and I got my refund. I bought a new pair at a store, and have been wearing them for about 6 months now, but I a starting to get the same sound of one of the pairs. This issue needs solving fast."Add in all of Timberland one-star reviews given from 2012 to present (November 2013), which make up almost all of Timberland's one-star reviews. The most frequently ranked Timberland boots have many of these bad reviews, which are easily found as they appear among the top reviews for being marked "helpful." So, is Amazon selling counterfeit Timberlands or are we seeing a down turn in the quality of these awesome boots? Timberland and Amazon representatives have stated that the Timberland brand sold on Amazon is a verified Timberland product. If you are in doubt, call Timberland with your product in hand and they can help you check.On the other hand, the New York Times published an article on June 13, 2011 entitled "VF Corporation to buy Timberland." ([...] Apparently Timberland slipped into tough times around 2006 ([...] then recently, due largely to rising material costs, it took a sharper turn downhill, suffering losses until VF Corporation bought the company in June 2011.This merger added Timberland to VF Corp's amalgamation of outdoorsy-type brands such as Vans, Lee, Jansport and The North Face. And this big change for Timberland brought other changes by VF Corp, a company driven to make big brands even bigger. The NY Times article reported that "VF [Corp] executives appeared confident that it could wring profits by improving Timberland's business performance, primarily by folding it into the apparel giant's global platform and cutting costs." By the end of 2011, VF Corp "expect[ed] to reap benefits from the Timberland deal."It appears that Amazon sells the same Timberlands that are sold in retail stores, but that either overall quality or quality control (or both) have suffered in the merger. Based on recent reviews and my recent experience, VF Corp is not sustaining the classic American, well-built, all-day-everyday-boot reputation that the Timberland name earned. Bring back the high standard that the Timberland working boot deserves!
B000G23DQK Tend to run large and the Marketplace vendor is a crook Buying shoes online is always chancy. You can't tell if they fit or not until you try them on. For that reason, Amazon and many other merchants allow free returns. As it turned out the boots were too large for me. I was surprised since I have two other new pairs of Timberland shoes that fit perfectly.So, I requested a return. The vendor, Frankels of Brooklyn NY sent me an email with return instructions. I was very surprised to find that they charge $10 for a return. Add the $20 UPS charge to ship it back to them and you are looking at a big penalty for online shopping.But that's not all. Frankels notified Amazon that they shipped my boots (which triggers my credit card being charged) but failed to ship for nearly a week after that. Pretty dishonest.If you want these boots, check to see if the vendor is Frankels. If it is, go elsewhere.
B000G23DQK Amazon ruined my xmas The style I selected was a charcoal colored nubuck shoe with white soles and white stitching, however, what I received was an all black smooth leather shoe.  I specifically ordered these shoes for a trip and I have no way to even be available for a return pickup...I don't drive...I don't even have a doorbell for UPS to ring when they come to pick up the return. Amazon completely failed me on this order.BUYER BEWARE, AMAZON will bait and switch and you can't call anyone to fix it.Last time I order ANYTHING from amazon.com
B000G23DQK Very Poor Quality Every time I buy Timberland the quality gets worse. Cheap materials, the premium boots are not the same premium boots I bought two years ago! One on the boots was made wrong and would not lace up properly - yet they were inspected and passed by the inspector. I returned them for my money. Now, Im looking for better quality(CAT), something that will last. My recommendation. Don't buy - you'll return them.
B000G23DQK Poor quality of the insoles The shoes look like great and well designed, but the insoles are of very poor quality. There're two layers adhered together using glue. Only few days, it's detached. As a result, very uncomfortable to wear. Have to return.
B000G23DQK DO NOT PURCHASE FOR QUALITY I order these boots for my boyfriend birthday which is on December 22,2013. The shoes arrived before the due date which was awesome! I opened the package and the shoes appeared to look GREAT! I unlaced the shoe laces to see if the boots were the correct size, and to my surprise the INSIDE SOLE FELL OUT THE BOOTS! I'm highly upset now I have to pay extra money to find someone to fix this problem. When I tried to return the shoes, his size was out of stock. I guess that's what I get for thinking I was getting a deal!
B000G23DQK Be Careful You guys have to be very careful when buying shoe's online. When my Tim's came in they had a huge mark on them and they were creased. The only reason why I didn't return the shoe's back was because I didn't feel like going through the long  process of the return policy. But I definitely won't be buying more shoe's from this company again.
B000G23DQK TIMBERLAND MEN'S BOOTS Great Looking boots, but the leather is very stiff and and was uncomfortable for my husband. We did return them.
B000G23DQK Do not buy without reading return policy The boots didn't fit as expected and I decided to return. However, return policy is awful because you have to pay 20% of total price you paid plus shipping price. I changed my mind and I will use them with thick socks. This is not fair. DO NOT BUY !!!!!
B000G23DQK Knock offs/ not real timberlands I ordered the boots VIA internet to aviod having to shop while home on R&R.; When I got home and opened the box I was highly disappointed. I have worn Tims since the early 90's and have never purchased a pair of this caliber. The picture on amazon shows the correct boot, what I received was nothing like the photo, the sole is the opposite of what you see online, (gummy sole on top) the labeling on the inside of the boot is not the official markings of timberland. I will return these boots and never take this chance again.Regretfully,Robert.
B000G23DQK Wrong Style - Wrong Leather I purchased this item, but had to return it.  The classic Timberland Mens 6 inch premium boot in wheat/nubuck leather is style # 10061.  You can also see it on Timberland's website.  The boot that was sent to me by Amazon is a different leather, and different style #.  The different version on Amazon feels like sandpaper, whereas the Timberland style 10061 feels more like suede.  Style 10061 has better padding inside and is made in the Dominican Republic.  The Amazon version is made in China.  Amazon's website shows a photo of the #10061/suede style on its website, but that is not what you get.  I called Timberland, and Timberland said they don't sell the sandpaper style I received from Amazon, although it is made by Timberland.
B000HGZRUK Awesomenesss! The shoes are very durable and well made but I had to return the item because the size was too small and the size needed was no longer available or I would have rated 5 stars. Great customer service for the return.
B000KVA7YI Had to return shoes due to being too short. My husband wears out a pair of these boots a year. This yea they rubbed blisters on his feet. Awaiting return autorization.
B000NKIGNK Customer Service Sucks This was my first time buying shoes online.  I got the shoes + they were too big, I wore them about a day to see if I could get used to them, but I couldn't because they were slipping off too much.  I emailed Footsmart about this, informing them that I have wore them.  They emailed me back saying go ahead and return them.  So I paid for the postage + everything, but I didn't get the money back and they had the shoes for about a week now.  So I contacted them again, now they are saying they can't give me a refund, because the shoes have been wored, but I stated that in the email.  I ask for a supervisor to give me a call back (because the rep said she wasn't able to help me with, that a supervisor would have to get involved).  That never happen, after me calling back four times, I demanded to speak to a supervisor, without having to wait.  The supervisor pretty much told me that the email I had from them, saying that I could go a head and return them, was useless.  That the rep that sent the email back to me, probably misunderstood me.  I have it in writing that I can  return them, so up the ladder we go.  Be very careful ordering these shoes through.
B000NKIGNK Awesome shoes, amazing customer service. I was silly, and didn't listen to the reviews about this shoe running large.  I always wear size 11, and that's what I ordered. Of course, the shoe was too large, and for the first time ever I had to return shoes that I purchased online.  Fortunately, Footwear Headquarters knows what it takes to make happy customers, and they did everything they could to help the exchange process.  They were quick to reply, super friendly, and seemed to actually care about their customers.  I love that.  Oh, and the shoes look and feel amazing.
B000QDL7J4 return I returned the watch because it was a  man's watch.I have not yet received my refund
B000QW02F0 Disappointed This will my third pair of Timberland Pro Series.  To be fair, I did not wear them more than five minutes.  The pair i received were very cheap construction, uncomfortable from the start, and the quality of what I have come to expect was way below average.  I did purchase some of these from a retail outlet on Saturday and the difference was night and day.  They even looked different.  the ones I received via Amazon did not have the Timberland tag, nor the Timberland insole.  The ones from retail, were just like my other two pair prior.  Maybe just a bad batch or an overlooked return of a substandard pair in the Timberland Box.  Still waiting for my refund, but the package was shipped for return.
B000VIDXE6 i got two right boots - bad quality of packing I got two right boots. Unfortuntely I noted it too late to return. So I totally waste my money. I wish I could have one right and one left one to describe my experience better.
B000VQ9QKS runs small good quality boot but was smaller than my previous timberland size 7. Note: if you need to return always accept shipper offer for return label, you will pay a lot more to ship UPS on your own!
B000VQBSO0 don't order from these people I ordered a pair of boots they sent me some strange short shoes with no back instead. Biggest disappointment!!! not to mention the thing they sent is cheap! for people not in the USA is too late to return...so order if you want nasty surprises...you think it won't happen to you?...yeah so did I!!!!!! ...so did I.
B000VW69IY TIRED OF PAYING RETURN POSTAGE. Such a beautiful comfortable looking well made example of a fishermans sandle!! Too bad the size chart is off. Measured my foot at 9 3/8 inches heel to toe, followed chart, got a shoe that measured 11 5/8 inches heel to toe inside measurement. Ordered DD width as do have a high instep and the sandle was tight on the arch. Maybe someday some smart shoe seller will figure out a way to measure a foot so that it can be bought on line and fit. For me for now I'll go to a store and try them on.
B000VX01V4 DIFFERENT COLORS i want to return the item. they are different colors.i do expect such an obvious difference would have been noticed by quality control
B000VX01V4 Timberland disappointment I have mainly worn Timberland shoes for the last 20 years or so, and always considered them a high quality shoe.  I have been noticing degrading quality in their products in recent purchases.  The final nail in the coffin is ordering my normal size and getting a shoe that was too small.  I checked it against an older pair and it was off at least an 1/2&#34; .  The only redeeming aspect of this experience was Amazon's quick response to my return request.  Sadly I am moving on from the Timberland brand.
B000VX03GC Return Returned item as it didn't fit well.
B000VX03GC The show is great but... I received my shoe in a timely fashion and the look and fit are great.  The only problem is that they came with shoelaces of wildly different lengths!  The left shoelace was a full 8 inches shorter than the one on the right.  Anyway, all I want is one new shoelace to make things right as I cannot lace my left shoe all the way to the top.  Amazon does not seem to have a mechanism whereby I can request one new shoelace so I would have to return these otherwise great shoes just to get shoes with laces of matching lengths.  Come on Amazon that just seems to be wasteful and a big hassle.  I would bump this review to 4 stars if Amazon would rectify the problem.  I don't even need 2 new shoelaces.  Just one lace of the proper length would suffice.  Also, this makes one wonder about the state of quality control at the timberland factory.  Shoelace guy you had one job!  Such a first world problem.
B000VX03GC Nice boot but odd fit These are very nicely made and designed boots. It's getting harder to find these sort of robust metal eyelets. They're waterproof but light and not too warm. I really wanted them to work out. Only problem was the left boot seemed too narrow for a medium and caused some pain just trying them out inside.So I had to return them, and unfortunately "free returns" under Amazon Prime apparently means you pay five bucks for the privilege since it was not Amazon's fault that the boots didn't fit. How's that a free return? Zappo's has free returns for real, though their stuff generally costs more. So how's that for a fun, informative and entertaining review?
B000VX03GC Never, never, never, never buy shoes through the mail.  (How do you fully test them without making them unfit to return?) I'm having the boots stretched (at my local shoe repair) to make their fronts wider so my toes aren't squeezed.  But the side of my right ankle is still raw from rubbing on the boot's leather.  The stretching should work for my toes, but if the skin on my ankle keeps rubbing raw I'm going to ditch these boots and buy some New Balance ones instead--after trying them on at my local shoe store.  I should have tried the boots on before buying them in the first place.
B000VX03GC boot rater Iselected these boots based on my familiarity with other Timberland footwear. The boots felt tight on my left foot when I put them on for the first time. I selected a wide width boot. I thought I would have to return them. I wore them for 4 hours indoors to assess whether they fit or to return them. The boots fit well now. I wore them outdoors for the first time 2 days ago. They feel very comfortable. I hope that they live up to the Timberland reputation. I wish Timberland would make more wide with footwear!
B000VX03GC Poor Quality Bought a pair for my Dad. Upper eye hook broke after 2 weeks. Problem it was past the 30 day return. Will never by shoes again from Amazon. Very disappointing. Pay extra and buy from L.L. Bean Returns are guaranteed for the life of the product should workmanship fail!!
B000VX03GC would buy again When first tried on they seemed too narrow and I was ready to return them. On second thought I decided to keep them on in the house and after an hour they felt much better, I am wearing them now and find them comfortable and would still order the same size.Haven't worn them in rain or snow yet.good price and value.
B000VX03GC looks great but had to return it I purchased these boots for my husband.  When they arrived, he really like the style.  Unfortunately, when he tried them on, the fit wasn't right.  The front of the boots were too narrow for his toes.  So we end up returning them.He ended up buying the Timberland Men's Newmarket Camp Lace-Up Boot instead (Size 13) which fit great on him.
B000VX03GC Nice Boots, sizing is difficult. Returns are NOT ALWAYS FREE! Very nice boots. I love them.  My shoes are size 8. My sneakers are size 9.  I started these boots at 9 then went to 8 finally settled at 8.  The price increased $10 after the 2nd return.  Looks like the Amazon software tracked my returns and built in a fee for the returns.  The first return was "free".  The 2nd return looks like it's costing me $10.Support was no help. All they could say is "we update our prices on a regular basis. But your returns were free".  Yeah right.  There is no such thing as "free" returns after the first return.Nonetheless these boots are light, they fit well (when you get the right size) and are extremely warm and comfortable without being too hot.  They are not winter boots. Nor were they meant to be.  Try them, You'll like them.
B000VX03WQ sizing off Hate having to send back. Plus no invoice for return so hope just adding info on paper does it.otherwise would have kept.
B000VX03WQ liked them but... I really tried to like these as well as some other Timberland boots I own. These were heavier and the tongue did not have enough support like my older ones do so it made it uncomfortable to walk so I returned them. Perhaps I did not break these in enough but had I tried, I would not have been able to return them. I would have love these given the color combinations but the leather was too firm and the boot to heavy if in fact these were intended for long hikes.
B000VX03WQ dependable/as always these boots are a constant in our household and will return to purchase same in the future. Sole separated on old pair.
B000VX4KFM High Qualitiy Service The Timberland Men's Oppland Chelsea Boot was exactly what I was looking for in color, comfort, style, and material.  Unfortunately, the size I needed was not available & I had to return the boots.  The customer service I received to help process the return was excellent.  My questions were answered on line very quickly & courteously which made the return process easy for me.  I would not hesitate to shop at Designer Athletics again.
B000WKMR9U WRONG COLOUR The colour that was advertised as "camel" is a completely different colour from what I recieved. Fortunately the person whom I bought it for, did mind so I did not have to return it.
B000X46MOQ Great, but I had to return... I usually wear size 8. However, this boot was too big for me. So I had to return and exchange it to size 7. Except that issue, I love this boots! Awesome!
B000X46MOQ Very light weight Very impressed so far, light and comfortable and you can't beat the price.  I'll return with a full review after wearing them all day.
B000XEACHO Solid Boots Had these for about a month.  Comfy and tough.  Best part is that laces stay in eyelets, faster than lace-ups.  Been in mud...no problemo, they stay dry and are very comfortable.  What more could you ask for?  Liked the 30 day return policy (size could have been wrong), but didn't have to.  Great right out of the box.
B000XEAJOK Tips for return The boot is nice but it runs large so I'm trying to return it with a few problems any tips for getting another pair but smaller?
B000XEAMXS Questionable Quality These are nice looking boots but that's about it. After about two weeks I had an eyelet break off. Every time I pulled the laces tight I could hear and feel  the laces stressing. They were not that comfortable either but I do not believe they were completely broke in yet. Not the quality I would expect from from boots at this price point. Fortunately Amazon allowed me to return these without the box and packaging.
B000XEAMXS Just not my style After it arrived it just didn't look like my style. I returned it. The return process was smooth. buying shoes on line can be tricky. I have bought other Timberlands online and was very satisfied.
B000XEEQAI What does 9W mean? I tell you it doen't mean wide Ordered in 9 w and found to be extremely narrow. This will probably be the last time I order shoes on line. It is not worth the effort to return and reorder when you can go to a store and walk out with the right fit the first time
B000XEEQAI Timberland PRO Titan 6" Boot I love the fit and the comfort of these boots and I am a return customer many times over from several different outlets.  My only issue with these boots is that at about 500 miles, the soles crack......I have never worn out the uppers.
B000XEEQAI Utilized the 30 Day Comfort Return Policy The boots were comfortable at first.  But after a couple 10 hour days at work (a machine shop)  I really started to dislike these.  They come with a already broken in feel.  I thought, well thats a good idea.  However, after awhile I realized that the heel part of the insole was a little too broken in for me and did not provide enough cushion.If you are a walker at work and on the go more so than standing in one place these might be better for you then they were for me.  They weren't all bad.  They were very light and roomy up front and that was a positive for sure.I probably could have gotten some different insoles for these but when you pay that kind of money, you shouldn't have to do that.I did end up shipping these back to Timberland.  The return process was very painless.  The lady didn't haggle or any of that, it was very smooth and easy.
B000XEEQAI Too small I had previously puchased two pair of Timberland boots of the same size but with a different cut. They fit perfectly; these do not. Returned and exchanged for the style I previously puchased. On a good note, the return was suprisingly easy. I'm impressed!
B000XEH2JA Changed construction on these shooes My son who wears orthotics has been wearing this shoe for years. I thought it was easy just to reorder it. I did. It has a smaller toe vault than the previous ones. I ordered it before his new orthotics came in and we had it a month before he could wear them. So unfortunately we no longer can return them. When he wears these for 5 hours he gets red marks. He tried to break them in but this did not help. It would be helpful if manufacturers noted that they changed the design. So because of the smaller toe vault and because I can't return them I am rating this at a 2. Otherwise it is as well constructed shoe. Perhaps shoes are something you can't order online.
B000XEH2JA Notice the hooks vs eyelets at the top! First pair ordered (same brand and look)  had eyelets all the way to the top. This makes them difficult to put on and take off.  These are wonderful with hooks at the top for your shoelaces. Learned the lesson of looking at the pictures very carefully before ordering!  Return of first pair ordered was simple, however.
B000XEIZ7S exchange nightmare I have been wearing size 11&#34; for 40 years these run small I bought them on a special from Amazon they day I got them I wanted the next size Amazon reps  said it was not their fault and that I had to return them and buy new ones at the full price which was 30$ moreI called 4 times ask for a supervisor after waiting I finally gave up but later that day I called a couple more time and I finally reached someone who was in the USA and they were sympathetic and did give me a new coupon. When I printed the return label the label that goes inside said I had to return all items by the day before I received the boots so the calls started again it was a frustrating ordeal I don't know if I'll go through it again.
B000XEJ9V4 Width was not what we expected Item arrived really fast and was well packed. However, something seems to be off with the sizing. Even though the box says these are 10 Wide (the size we always get in these boots), they are way too tight for my husband's feet. There is no way he can wear them, so we are sending them back. This is a shame because the boots appear to be quite nice and we did get a decent price on them.Thanks Amazon for having such a great return policy. We appreciate the excellent customer service!
B000XEKHOC AWESOME BOOTS! I NEVER thought I would buy shoes off the internet because when I go into a store I have to try on 3 different sizes depending on the manufacturer, but I was looking for something that would be a great motorcycle boot (yes, I know they make motorcycle boots) but would also be a great everyday walk/work boot.. the second I saw these on Amazon I KNEW they would be the ones.  So I took a chance and ordered a 9D which is the most common size I wear varying a 1/2 size either way.  True to Amazon Prime form they showed up 2 days later exactly as specified.  I received them at work and immediately put them on.  Right away I felt the arch hump in the boot felt just a tad too forward and there was a horrible pressure point on my left ankle from the tongue pushing in the wrong spot.  I wore them in the office for the next 2 hours thinking maybe they would both subside, they didn't.  So then came the dread of having to return them.  Now, this is more of a Amazon rant right now, not the boots.. AMAZON ROCKS!!!  I couldn't BELIEVE how awesomely easy it was to do a return.  I thought I would have to return them, buy another pair, and have both charges until someday I got reimbursed.. not the case my friend.  I clicked on the return link and the next page asked if I wanted to return them for a refund or exchange them.  So I exchanged for an 8 1/2, printed out the UPS return form, put everything back in the box they came in, drove up to UPS 2 minutes away and BOOM!  Done!  You can't do it that fast ANYWHERE else.  2 days later new boots where here again (because of Prime).  This time... PERFECTION!  The arch humps were perfect, the tongue pressure point was gone, they were a PERFECT FIT!  I have worn these boots every day, ALL DAY, since receiving them last week and they are like wearing an old pair of broken in sneakers.  I rode the motorcycle all weekend in the brisk spring morning air, nothing but comfort and warmth.  The bigger test for me is how they are going to perform in the coming summer.  I was nervous about the insulation because I want to wear these boots everyday and I'm not sure how the insulation will feel in the dead heat of summer.. but, the description says they are breathable which should make a great difference instead of just trapping in the heat and sweat.  I actually read through EVERY SINGLE review about these boots on Amazon and some guy from Florida said he wears them everyday.  That made the decision for me.. and I haven't for one second regretted buying them.. even after returning the first pair.I'm not going to tell you to buy a 1/2 size smaller, because who knows.. maybe 8 1/2 is my real size and I always get 9's anyway.  Sometimes shoes fit great at 9 other times I have to go up or down.  But just know if you have to return them like I did.. it was SO EASY!  I love everything about these boots and don't dislike anything.  If there is one thing I would say that could be an improvement, it might be hooks at the top instead of eyelets for the laces.  I have another pair of boots that have hooks and it just makes it nice instead of re-threading the tops.. but the laces don't always come out either, so it's really not a bother, and it's a fraction of a second difference, so it's not a "con" for me.  I LOVE THESE BOOTS!
B000XEKIUK Thank You Amazon Customer Service I originally ordered these boots and they arrived on time (in 2 days,Prime customer)when they were supposed to.  After trying them on, I realized they were not going to fit so I would have to return or exchange them.  I decided to exchange them for a larger size.  I filled out the return order for a size larger boot and completed all the return paperwork.  I took my boots to a UPS store to have them sent back that same day (Friday).  By Friday evening Amazon had already sent my replacement boot to me and it arrived on Monday.  The boot fits perfect and the Amazon delivery is amazing.  I had a replacement boot in 3 days, and that was because it was a weekend.  Thank you Amazon for such a quick replacement and for being so awesome to work with.  As far as the boots go, they look and feel like a quality boot.  I have worn Timberland work shoes before but this was my first "boot" I have ordered.  I have wider feet so I just thought if I ordered the same size boot as the shoe I am currently wearing that it would fit the same.  Well I was wrong and I had to order a size larger.  I would recommend if you have larger wider feet to order one size bigger so your foot isn't crammed in the boot.  So happy with the boot and Amazon.  Thank you.
B000XEKIUK Love the product but have to return Firstly the shoes is amazing, the product came in super fast and the service is beyond great however my husband doesn't like the shoes very much which I will return and order from this seller again because of the amazing service and customer relations when it came to my return. Thank you!
B000XEKK94 Just what I was looking for!!!! I read the reviews on these boots before I bought them. Most had good things to say, so my expectations were pretty high. They fit well and are a very comfortable shoe. I had no issues with breaking them in. I looked them over carefully and they are well made. No missed stitches or strings uncut.I should also mention Amazon's customer service, which was beyond my expectations. I ordered the wrong size the first time and had to return them for a wide version. Return shipping was free and the refund was prompt. The hardest part of the process was dropping them off at a UPS store. Everything else was done on the computer with a few keystrokes. Good job, Amazon.
B000XEKK94 Wrong Item This boot was very nicely made however, it wasn't the boot that my son wanted so I had to return them to Altec.com.  I am still waiting for the refund but I don't know whether it should come from amazon (which is the name on my credit card) or altec (who charged me for the correct boot).  Please let me know how long it takes for a refund.  thank you.
B000XEKK94 Product default One of the boots has a section that isn't weather proofed, it gets wet on the left side of the left boot only so clearly something happened in production.  Was hoping to return but the window for that has passed.
B000XELF3O Poor fit, but quality materials So my husband has been wearing these for 3-4 weeks and he has decided he just can't wear them anymore they are so uncomfortable.  We were quite happy with them when they first arrived for looks and materials, however, they don't fit right.  The length fits for his normal size but the steel toes are pinching his feet.  They are not big enough in height for his toes and have been rubbing them raw and causing cramps.  And because he wore them for a couple weeks I don't know if we can return them.  :( He did like the inserts in them, but otherwise they were uncomfortable.  He has actually gone back to wearing his boots that have a hole in the sole.
B000XELF3O Bumps in the pro timberland boots I wore these shoes at construction work for three days and will never wear again. There are bumps in it and couldnt wait to take them off every morning. I wish I could return them but they are very dirty already.
B000XELF3O very dissapointed. I bought these for my husband for Christmas 2013 ( because he loves these boots) . We ususally buy them at Sears but I found they were on Amazon so I ordered them. He did not wear them until March 24  2014. In  the first week there is a big gash at bottom of boot were material meets the sole. It is to late to return them so he is just wearing them till they completely fall apart. Probly wont order again from Amazon.
B000XELF3O ordered 2 pairs of these, both same problem I tried these on in stores and they felt fine.  I ordered off amazon and when i tried them on i noticed there is something wrong with the left boot's heel part of the insole.  It's hard to explain but, it seemed like the insole was to high on the heel and sort of went up the back of the boot.  It was very uncomfortable and was impossible to fix since the insoles are glued in.  It just felt so awkward walking in them.  The right boot was perfectly fine on both pairs.  Amazon was great about the returns, both returned for full refund and timely fashion and no charge for return shipping.  I ended up ordering the timberland pro Powerwelt boots from amazon and have had no problem with them.
B000XELF3O Very unhappy with return! I ordered these boots for my husband and the size was too small. So I returned the boots unworn.. Original tags and everything they asked for. I was charged a 20 percent restocking fee!!!! I am so upset! Awful! We love timberland boots but make sure you get the right size! Or you will get 20 percent docked! Ugh I will not order from these people again!
B000XELF3O Returned - Not wearable They looked nice, but there were bulging seams right down the middle of the heel on both boots. They cut into my heels like a saw. After 2 days, I switched to different shoes. I have no idea how they made it through quality control. Thanks to Amazon for letting me return them.
B000XELF3O size 13 Was gonna return boots before adding additional insole on top of the original. The heel felt way sloppy before adding this. I'm way anal about my boots and how they fit. Would have giving 5 stars had I not had to purchase additional in sole. So 2 stars without, 4 stars with added insole, still for a total of 75 bucks including insoles, who could complain?
B000XETJU0 Bad experience with my very first pair of this brand. Had a faulty seem that shredded my ankle. The insoles are comfy but I was super disappointed in receiving an injury from wearing these. These were my very first pair of Timberlands ever and I had to return them and choose a totally different style. Not satisfied at all.
B000XEVJJO BROKEN LOOPS FOR LACE-UP The loops on the boot have broken at the bottom and I now need to figure out if somewhere can repair them. Other than that this is a excellent boot if you could lace it up. I am having issues with contacting the seller and the exchange service. So all in all if the lace up feature in no good. You probably would do better getting some at a retail store so you can return them.
B000XEVJJO Not happy at all/Frustrated These are the 2nd pair of men's boot i am having to return. The 1st pair was too big but these are just horribly made. I am shocked that these Timberland boots didn't even have an attached insole in either boot. And when we opened the box, there wasn't even the usual invoice enclosed. I purchase a lot of items from Amazon, but lately I am not pleased on many different levels.I will not be purchasing any more boots/ shoes from Amazon. Physical shoe stores from now on.
B000XEVLF6 good shoes but too lager for me good shoes but too lager for me.thanks for amazon.i return it .i think it is too large for me,
B000XEVM50 work boots ordered and recd these-they look great but were too small. Ordered size 14s, Amazon made the return and reorder VERY easy (and at no-charge) I will write a review on the 14s after I have had a few days of break ins-wore them one day at work..so far so good. Thanks Amazon!
B000XEVM50 Eh, check them out. These were decent shoes, nice tread, but the thing I ran into was the shoes slid around on my foot which I usually wear a 13, even tied down tightly my foot would still slid in and out some and yet even with that extra room they rubbed my big toe raw on my left foot, this wasn't a matter of breaking them in, it just didn't go with my feet pretty much, printed the return label, I'll keep wearing my cheap Walmart steel toes with inserts lol. Also as soon as I took them out of the box you could see the glue holding them together. Cheaply made for timberland.
B000XEW60K re: request a return shipping label please what i am requesting is for you to send me via email a return shipping label so i can return these shoes for some that lace up shoes.  you see i have to accomodate for a brace that i where on my right foot and i thought that a slip on shoe would be best.  however, i think a shoe that laced up would be best all around for me and require that you send to me a return shipping label as soon as possible,  thank you.  i rate this shoe for me personally a one star rating.
B000XF04LM Shoes that finally fit. I wear these shoes to work 10 hours a day in a glass factory. They are very comfortable, strong and never hurt my very wide feet. I tried on many pairs of shoes but could not find anything in any store that would work for me. They were just all too narrow. I take a 4 E width, but these 3 E size 11's work just fine. Amazon is the only place that I could find these shoes. I couldn't even find them on the shoe brand website in this size. Only at Amazon. Go figure. Also, Amazon has an awesome return policy as I tried other styles that did not work and sent them back and Amazon promptly issued me a refund. I shop for almost everything at Amazon now. I belong to Amazon Prime and get 2 day free shipping. Can' t beat it!
B000XF04LM Made my right foot go numb! I bought these because I'd owned some Timberlands previously that were fine.  I bought those in 2002...  maybe things have changed since then?  In any event, these shoes felt comfortable enough when I first put them on.  I wore them to work for two consecutive days.  During the second day, I noticed a strange tingling sensation on the top of my right foot.  I haven't worn the shoes since.  It took FOUR DAYS for normal sensation to return to my foot!  Upon closer inspection, it appears the tongue of the right shoe is a bit off-center.  It's hard believe it could create such a problem, but evidently it did.  So, basically these were a total waste of money since I'm never ever going to wear a shoe that makes my foot go numb for days!
B000XF04LM quality control, no; Amazon yea The left tongue was sewed on clocked way off to the left!!!  When you put the shoe on, the right edge of the tongue is in the middle of the laces!  When you force the tongue to the middle and tighten the laces,  the tongue is torqued so much that it quickly moves right back to the left.You cannot tell me somebody did not see this problem at Timberland at some point.'not happy.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update:  I have another pair of these in just a few days and with very little hassle using Amazon's free return.  I chose for UPS to pick up the mutant pair - which they did the day after.The new/good pair is more comfortable than my Merrill hiking shoes and about the same weight. If you get narrow, they are narrow.  They should loosen up in time.  Very comfortable so far.
B000XF6L7I GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE!! I tried many boots and even return some.  But this boot is different.  Very comfortable and rugged. I had to place Dr. Scholls gellin pad in to take up the extra space but after that it was like walking on air - very nice.Rugged and comfortable.
B000XR4IXA Purchase the next 1/2 size bigger Very pleased with this product, but since I have slightly wide feed the fit is a little tight.  I ordered an 8 1/2 and probably should have ordered a 9.  However, the snugness felt is not enough of a reason to return them and they will stretch out enough for my purposes.  I use them for working around the yard and when I mow.  I did not have ANY blisters after wearing these for the first few times.  They were very comfortable as a new shoe.
B000XXGMRO Looked nice but had to return.  Too large Hello,I reviewed the measuring scale for the shoe size provided on Amazon but when I received the boot, they were significantly larger.
B000XXGMRO the sole is not good i only wear the boots twice and already the sole is coming off now i want to return them, i cant because return date has expired.
B000XXGMRO great boots, run very large; Nicee looking bootsAmazon fantastic to work with -- boots run very large and exchange was easy and no cost.Also, had to return second air due to product quality issue -- again amazaon great to do easy exchange
B000XXGMRO Radical Sizing Inaccuracy Wasted My Time and Money I'll keep this brief:The boots look nice. But...The sizing associated with this boot is nowhere near - and I'm talking 1.5 full sizes off of - my normal Timberland shoe size. (I even ordered these Earthkeepers 1/2 size smaller than usual due to reviews others have already posted.)I paid for expedited delivery so that I'd have these for a trip, and now I'm not only going to be without these boots for my trip (due to having to return them), but I'm out my shipping costs, and Amazon is even charging me for return shipping. Even though it is Amazon who is selling a product that is nowhere near the actual size it is labeled to be.
B000XXGMRO MY Christmas Wish My Teen son LOVES these boots and has wanted them for 2 years now.  I couldn't afford them then but thanks to Amazon they found me the BEST Deal Ever! Oh Yea I did have to send them back they run a size bigger. but the return was fast and easy.
B000XXGMRO Look cool but way too long I wear a 10.5 or 11, but in these boots a 10 would have fit just right. They do look good, but I had to return them.
B000XXGMRO It's ok, shop some more. I like the thicker soles of Dr. Martens better.  Sole is too thin for me, seems like the support at the ball of my feet is thinner.  I also like the rubber sole to flare out instead of being the same width as the shoe.  I got a size 8 and it feels like a 9.  I wish I can return it and get something else.  I wore it a couple of times already so I probably need to check the return policy.
B000XXGMRO they could've been great... This product looked stylish, and they were made of recyclable materials, which is also a plus. I ordered them for my boyfriend, knowing how much he wanted this pair after doing a lot of research/comparisons. When I got them, they were such low quality, not at all what I expected when ordering from Timberland. First of all, both boots were scratched during the shipping, which I thought was strange, given all the padding. But, oh, it scratched with even the most delicate touch of my nail. How could this been good for the outside?! Then, when I had my boyfriend try them on, they did the loud squeaking of shoes that are manufactured too stiffly. He wore them inside for the next few days to maybe "break them in," but they never stopped that awful squeaking. For the money I paid, and the reputation of Timberlands, I expected a better product. We decided to return them and find a more durable boot for the Michigan winter.
B000XXGMRO Good boot, but one size bigger than the norm... This boot was good, but I wish the sizes were truer. It takes a lot of time to ship and return. I have read that they were bigger than true sizes, but it was hard to estimate how much. Perhaps Amazon should consider using a 'Timberland' scale versus its own. :-)
B000XXGMRO Excellant boot but...... This is a very attractive boot which is why I purchased it. I returned them because they run a size to big and they arewide if you have a narrow foot. As allways amazon has a great return policy.
B000ZJZSJY Strap too loose I own two pairs of these thongs and they fit perfectly.  When I received this pair, the strap was so loose that I could NOT keep the thongs on my feet.  I had to pay return postage to get my money back for this item.  I am not brave enough to order any more shoes via the internet.
B0014EE3N6 Disappointed customer Ordered a 6.5 from this company on Amazon and the company never shipped them out and then when I finally contacted them they stated that I ordered a toddler boot and that they do not have them in stock. So I contacted Amazon and they assured me of what I ordered a big kid 6.5 timberland boot. My ordered was suppose to be shipped out on 12/23 and they never contacted me about the shoes not being in stock. After they cancelled my order, I went back on Amazon to see if they still have the shoes listed and to my surprise they still do.
B0016ZP5TO Timberland Men's Kings Bay Convenience Slip-on - What a disappointment These shoes arrived on time but the left side was unglued and unfortunately, I am unable to return for a refund as the shoes were taken out of their original packaging and same discarded before the fault was realized.  I am very unhappy with this purchase.
B0017023J8 Defective Boot and Terrible Customer Service From Macy's The shoes look pretty good and feel good once I broke them in, unfortunately the soles started to come off after about a week of normal ware.  Let me just say that if they hadn't been defective (which most may not be), they would have been great boots.  When I tried to return them, it took Macy's about a week to respond to my email.  And then after I sent another one with the requested information it took another week before they notified me that I would be waiting 10 days for a return slip to be emailed to me.  Waiting almost a month to return boots is ridiculous.  Eventually I got my money back, but not without a huge process.
B001704YR2 Fell apart on the sides after 3 weeks......missed the return cutoff by 4 days... Dont buy ...no recourse if you have a problem. Less than one month is not a good warranty period for shoes. Buy them in the store where they are willing and able to handle defective product.
B001760K56 Zipper gave up during my Europe flight I live in California and purchased these boots after Thanksgiving for my December 12 Christmas trip to Europe, as they looked fit for snow. I will never know, the zipper gave up during my outbound trip over the Atlantic, all that quality doesn't mean anything without a good zipper. When I got to my destination had to spend a couple of days browsing the stores so I can buy other boots. Not the way we planned our trip! Very disappointing and inconvenient considering that luggage is limited nowadays on international flights and they weight a few pounds- I will probably have to pay extra just to be able to return them...
B001760K56 love the boot Well described, very nice, I was sick when the first time I wore the boots the zipper broke,, So tempted to try another pair.. NO problem @ all on the return..
B001760K56 Beautiful boots! They were a little larger than expected. I'm 5'9 and I wear a size 10. Had to return and get a 9 1/2. Other than that, they are very comfortable and ruggedly stylish. I love them!
B001760K56 looks HUGE on your foot! these are nice looking boots, HOWEVER, I wear a size 9 shoe and these practically made me look like I was wearing clown shoes.  They are so long they look like scuba flippers on my feet, I have to return them.  However, in defense of the boot, it does appear nicely constructed and the leather is smooth and soft, yet the boot is thick and sturdy for the fall/winter season.
B001760K56 I love the boot so much, but I hate the unregular size I love the boot so much, but I hate the unregular size.When I tried to exchange it online. the replacement button is unavailable, so I have to chose refund. Alough I have got the return-mail ticket but I don't know next.
B001760K56 there ok Overall they will be ok for work ect. One boot is tighter in the calf than the other, and the material in the toe was folded in half under my toes at first. They kinda stretched out a little during the day. I have really only worn them 1 whole day and didnt receive any compliments on them. haha I am going to keep them cause I dont want to hassle with the return procedure! I prob wouldnt buy them again, and won't buy boots from online anymore!
B001760K56 quick credit received Boots were great, but I returned them because they were too large.  I could not find a size smaller.  Return was hassel free & Vendor was quick to credit me back.
B001760K56 this product is tooooooo biiiiiiig I have ordered size 8 you send to me size 9 its toooo big for me how can I use this boot it costs a lot of money. don`t you think that its a shame not to know how to read the sizes the client offered to you how many times are you going to send to me wrong sizes??????????????? please solve somehow this problem and return my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B001760OQQ Strange Sizing... I agree with ladies who found this boot too large (in length)... I ordered a wide, which was a good idea as I do think these run narrow, and I ordered an 8.5 instead of a 9...still too long in the toe bed. I also found myself wondering if they weren't actually made for men?I tried to rationalize them, but they are simply too long, and the last thing I need is another way to trip on the sidewalk! To me, boots should really feel like a part of the foot, a comfort...not become an obstacle to walking! So as beautiful as these are, and as much as I would like to keep them, I am going to have to return them. Form has to follow function.  :(
B001ABTE7S TIMBERLINE FIELD BOOT MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM. YEAH,,, HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR. SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DIDN'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW. HOWEVER, I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DIDN'T NEED ONE. THANKS SO MUCH.. WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON.
B001EWFF30 Can't wait for replacement size!! The size 8w was just to tight and narrow.  I am waiting for my return conformation so I can order the correct fit.  I am very excited to get the replacements as the boot looked like an exceptionally well made and comfortable, daily use boot.
B001EWFF30 if i could put less than one star i would!!! originally i loved these...they are a solid shoe. i have had them for barely over 4 months and one of the hooks to lace up the shoe---broke off!!! i contacted the seller and they are pretty much saying too bad you are beyond the return period. i am furious! will never buy from this place again they dont stand behind the product they sell!
B001EWFF30 Timberland boots I was excited to see my boots arrive. I wore them daily for about a week to wear them in. Three days ago the top hook on the left boot just came out. It apparently was not glued adequately. I would send them back but we have a trip planned to the Olympic penninsula in a couple of days and I donated my old Columbia boots  So I will wear these laced up half way.  By the time I return from vacation they will be well worn and too late to return  them.
B001EWFF30 Free return policy make buying shoes online feasible! I was concerned about whether the shoes would fit properly, but with free return policy I was willing to try it, and it has worked out perfectly.  There is no way I would have ordered the shoes without such policy.Thanks.
B001EWFF30 A good value These boots are lightweight and comfortable, exactly what I was looking for.  They seem to be well constructed.  I feel the price was right.  If they last as long as expected, I'll be a return customer.
B001EWFF30 Got just what I wanted at a discounted price I tried this same pair of boots on at a local retail outlet so I knew which size and style I wanted.  Ordering through Amazon allowed me to make the purchase at a reduced price.  With a no hassel return policy, it was the way to go for me.
B001F0QGGQ Uncomfortable! I ordered this shoes in 2009 because I saw them on a window display and I thought they looked perfect for a summer day, little did I know how uncomfortable they were!!!To the day I have only wore them twice with serious damage to my heels and toes. Wouldn't recommend this item and if I could I would return them, but they were supposed to be a gift for my sister and when she found out how uncomfortable they were, she returned them to me in hopes that I could wear them..... wich I could not!Maybe this is a uniquely bad experience but I would recommend if you have a store near you, go try them on and walk around for a few minutes, make sure before you get them.
B001FXZU92 boots They were a gift for my husband. I originally ordered the wrong size, but were able to return and reorder with no problem.
B001FXZU92 Way too heavy. If you are going to log a lot of miles each day around the jobsite, these boots are too heavy. Well constructed, good looking, safe as all getout, but too heavy. Thinking about sending them back. Timberland has a 30 day return policy, if you don't like them. They needed no break in time whatsoever.
B001FXZU92 a piece of trash when i got the boot it kept on getting terrible foot pain and the boot ripped after 3 weeks and its not allowing me to return it!
B001SARJXC Fantastic boots. Everybody who sees them likes them. I like them. Stylish, incredibly comfortable, durable, convenient.As with any leather shoe/boot, you should polish these periodically to protect the leather and keep it looking good.It did fit rather large for me. I'm a 9 1/2 in any other shoe I've put my foot in, but I had to return my 9 1/2's and grab a 9 which fit perfectly. Amazon paid the shipping fees for the return which was unexpected and very appreciated.It only took me a couple of days to break these in. Other boots I've worn have taken up to a week.I can't really think of any cons besides the sizing issue. One of the best purchases I've made on Amazon.
B001SARJXC Had to return it Chelsea boots have the characteristic elastic at the sides which provides the fit. The problem I had with these is that either I have a high instep or my heel sticks out too far, requiring what felt like way too much force required to put them on. I had the impression that after a few times, the tabs would tear off, making them useless. Maybe the elastic would have loosened up after a while, but since this is what holds the boot in place, that wouldn't have worked either.It's possible that this would work for someone else, but I recommend trying on a chelsea boot first in a store before buying one.
B001SARJXC Not the style I was looking for You never can tell the real look of an online shoe until you actually have it in your hand and on your feet.  I ordered the shoe on Amazon it took two days to arrive, there was nothing wrong with the shoe other than it just wasn't the style I was looking for once I had it on my feet.  I did a return on Amazon printed out the return label and took the package to the UPS store the next morning by 10pm that same night I received an email telling me that Amazon had refunded my money back into my account.  I was so impressed with Amazon's service they inspired me to write this review.  Everytime now when I am searching for something on line I always check Amazon first because I know the level of service I will receive.
B001SARJXC timberland chelsea boot I ordered a 10M and returned them for a 91/2M that fit great. I love the boot, and is of very good quality, at a great price. I would recommend them.  Amazon has a great return policy! I sent them back for new size and got the new size within a few days. Great to do business with Amazon!
B001VNCKJ4 Boots Good (Run Big); Watch Out for Return Policy As many have stated, the boots run long.  I am an 11, but when I got the boots, even my slightly bigger foot had a bit too much room in the toe.  They are comfortable, nonetheless, and because they are narrow, you can get by.But, I wanted to refund.  The boots were a gift, and I figured I'd get the right fit.  At that moment, I learned of the seller's policy.  Despite the &#34;Prime Eligible&#34; icon popping up on the original item list, this is NOT a Prime Eligible item.  And, despite free shipping at the time of purchase, the consumer must pay the return shipping costs AND American Bargain charges you their original shipping costs.  So...it cost me $40 to return boots.  The company policy is indeed located in the depths of Amazon, so to their credit, they cover their responsibilities.  I just wish that they--or Amazon--were more discreet about this.  Had I known that returning the product would cost 1/3 the value of the boots, I'd never have purchased them.Technical Rating:  Boots 4; Seller Experience 2
B001VNCKJ4 Excellent Customer Service I ordered a pair of Timberland Men's Earthkeepers black boots in size 10.5 regular width as a Christmas gift for a friend. However, they did not fit and my friend normally wears a 10.5 in all shoes. The Timberland boot ran very small. When it came time to return the product Amazon was going to make me pay the return postage and there was going to be a 20% restocking fee because the boots came from a third party seller in the Amazon Marketplace. Upon finding this out I sent an email to the company Elite Hero and immediately received outstanding customer service!! They sent me a prepaid postage sticker to return the shoes and waived the restocking fee. When the shoes were received by them my full purchase price was promptly refunded without any difficulty. Elite Hero has the best customer service that any company could every provide. I definitely recommend ordering from Elite Hero. Product was a excellent quality but ran to small. Alternate size was not available at this time.
B001VNCKJ4 Well made, comfortable, great lookin', but very long.... like clown long. These are great-looking, versatile, well-made boots, but my size 15s were very long in the toe, though they fit very comfortably in the heel and around the foot. I wear 15s regularly, but I ended up returning them and trying size 14s, which are snug (though by no means uncomfortable), and look a lot less clown-y. I think this long toe thing is a common issue with Timberland, though I think just for larger sizes.P.S. EXCELLENT return policy!!! Completely easy and convenient.
B001VNCKJ4 Not what I expected. Photo gives impression that this is something you may wear in the city. In practice boots feels like army shoes, balky and heavy. Had to return it.
B001VNCKJ4 Fits a bit long I love these boots in every way, but I had to order and return three pairs before getting a pair that fit properly because they run so long.  I'm wearing a pair that is two sizes smaller than my typical shoe size and they are still a little on the long side, but I'm not spending any more money on return shipping for these things.As far as the build quality of the boot itself, they are quality footwear through and through.  The leather stands up to motorcycle riding, walking though rough terrain, and still maintain a decent shine (though I do buff them quite regularly).
B00295RHV4 Unfortunate I had ordered a 7W.  But, unfortunately, the left boot is a 7M while the right boot is the size I ordered.  I couldn't return them because they didn't have another 7W pair in stock.  Despite having different widths, the boots are really comfortable.
B00295RJIU Wish they were better made The show was a little small and the some of the seams were coming apart. I had to return the shoes. Sad!
B00295RJIU Great, Comfortable Shoe! I rate this product with 5 stars because they are absolutely perfect! I've had them for a few weeks now and I have not had one problem. I did originally purchase a 9.5 because I measured my foot and went off their sizing chart (and added a little for extra room), but unfortunately I had to return them for a size 10. I got the package in 2 days as promised with no issues so it wasn't a big deal.
B002ASAJPG Not recommended The boots are not very good quality that we received we bought these in mid December and four months later they are split at soles and are leaking and the return policy is only for 30 days
B002ASAKN2 Poor quality shoe I have received two pairs of these shoes and BOTH failed in the same area. In the area above the rear loop the leather type material rips off. I had each pair one day and the very first time I put each pair on, it failed.The good: So far it has been very easy for me to return both pairs to Amazon.
B002ASAKN2 2nd pair of these I tried Red Wings, but after 2 weeks returned them (thanks to their great 30 day return policy) and bought my 2nd pair of the Timberlands. These are the most comfortable boots I've ever owned. I get about 10-12 months out of them. I do wish the bottom had deeper grooves...
B002NEGCC6 Nice looking, but weird size. After buying perhaps a half dozen pairs of Timberland shoes through Amazon, all 10.5 mediums, this is the first pair I've had to return. I could barely get either shoe on, taking great care not to damage them as I did because I suspected from first glance that they would have to go back. Worse, each shoe seemed to be a different size, with the right shoe long enough but too narrow, and the left show wide enough, but too short. Perhaps it's a one-time anomaly with this one pair, but buyer beware because you have to pay for return shipping if they don't fit.
B002NEGCC6 Just what I wanted I had to return the first pair due to sizing, but Amazon is very good about returns. Somewhat pricy but the fit and comfort show why. I expect these to last almost forever but if not, would buy again.
B002NEGCC6 Look to the return policy first and they are not that comfy I purchased it after the reviews and also for the brand reputation but unfortunately, the shoes are designed in a weird way-the tongue part is so tight and i tried them on over and over and they didn't get loose plus the left pair is tighter more than the right one-So i donno what's going on with the way it was designed-plus you can't return them back if you tried them OUTDOORS-plus the return policy wasn't on the main page of the shoes-So you need to go to every seller's webpage on amazon to see its return policy.And i contacted the seller and he refused to receive it after i put them on outdoors.So Be Careful and they are not that comfy like what's written which make more frustration for me.Anyway, i won't buy anything unless it's amazon itself or you need to dig deeper till you get to every seller's profile return policy.
B002NWZU80 Timberland Lionshead I used the amazon size chart to buy this shoes and it was wrong. Amazon Size Chart 9.5 m = 26.5 cms. It was 25.5. One centimeter less.I have to return the shoes.
B002YOMJPY Defective Boots These boots are not well made. There is a sewing defect on one side where the material is loose and the material is scuffed in the same area.it took 5 days to receive them.In addition Amazon does not give you a automatic return approval. It needs to go to the seller first. I would not buy this way again.
B002YOMJPY be sure to check return policy! It fitted but didn't seem to feel brand new.  They got messed up kinda quick and it's a brand a always buy. It was my first online purchase,  overall it was ok.
B002YOMJPY Amazing! I'm in love.Comfortable.I recommend to friends.I will return to buy other models with different colors and also more social.
B002YOMJPY great customer service Amazon's translation to EU sizes was incorrect (by half a size), so the shoes are a bit large.I contacted customer service and asked them for a partial refund (since I've shipped the item to another country and cannot return it.I got some refund which is very nice of them!Besides the size the product is great.
B002YOMJPY Timberline Boots for Men Excellent customer service, very fast shipping. Even when I had to return for exchange, the other boots were already here before they received my return, showing their good faith. Boots are light weight and very nice. However, for our purposes, they are not suitable, as they will be on their feet for over ten hours a day, and a blister developed over the big toe and on the heal. So they are not to be used for long periods. I would like to hear from others, as I think this is an excellent day to day boot. I am please with the company.
B0034G54BM Small Too tight in the toes and around the leg not what I had expected .. Very sad I had to return
B0034G54BM Seams I love the brand Timberland as well as the style of these boots. However, I ordered these boots two weeks ago and have worn them a couple of times. But already the seams of the right one were untied. I am thinking to return them, but I don't know whether one can return something and get a replacement after wearing the product.
B0034G54BM Fell apart!! Stitching on the top of the boot came apart after a month of use! I can't return or exchange because my window to do so is up...very disapointed!!I ordered a size up so I could wear boot socks with them and they fit perfect.
B0034G54BM not what i expected this is a nice well made shoe and looks just like the picture, but for me the boot is too baggy from ankle to the leather at top, so i looked like had cankles. too slouchy from ankle to shin area, will have to return
B0034G54BM Loved the boots Loved the boots, but had to return for unforeseen reasons. When I tried them on they had a true fit and I know I would have really enjoyed them had I been able to keep them.
B0034G558E Disappointing :( Shipping and delivery were great. That was about it. I got 10W and they were more like 9 1/2 narrow. The leather was very thin, and the tongue was extremely long and not darted  to help keep it in place. I wore them for  5 minutes around the house, and the tongue was already askew. The up side was how easy it was to ship the item back, and the quick refund. I figured it would be 4 weeks before I would get my money back, but amazon had the money returned to my account the day after I requested the return label.
B0034G558E VERY STIFF & HARD - LIKE PAYLESS SHOES I had to return these boots today and they are on the way back to Amazon's Fulfillment Warehouse. They are very stiff and hard without any flexibility and the front is zippered (without a zipper); which makes it very difficult to even lace up tightly. I returned them for these reasons as well as they did not have a comfortable fit. Very dissappointed and this is my 9th pair of boots purchased on Amazon and not one single pair has ever fit correctly. I give up on boots on here from anyone. I will not be purchasing boots again from Amazon or this Seller. EXTREMELY DISSAPPOINTED and the postage was ridiculous to return them.
B0034G5KAC Had to return these. Way too small.  I was bummed that I had to return them. Don't bother with buying these boots from Timberland.
B0034G5KAC Had to return because I have big calves Beautiful boots but had to return because my calves are too muscular - gave 3 stars because able to return hassle free.
B0034G5KAC tight toes, saggy ankles I really want to like these- they are exactly what I have been looking for. The leather is gorgeous, the color is very rich. Unfortunately, the toes are very tight and I have to return my 8s. (I have found this to be the case with other timbs.) Also, they are very loose around the ankles. I have thin legs and I like that they can be tighted at the top, but I don't like the saggy ankles. Jury is out as to whether I will reorder one half size up.
B0034XS4OY Stylish rain shoes, but some caveats I have only worn these a couple of times and so far they have performed fine in the weather. However, 2 things have stood out. 1 they are not true to size, running about a half-size to big. This was not something I could tell when I tried them on due to the shape of the shoe (long and narrow toe box), the other thing is the heal cup is very stiff and rubbed my Achilles the first couple of times wearing them. They need to be broken in. I put some heel inserts in and they are a little better.Honestly, these will probably be the last Timberlands I own. My last pair of Timberlands had the soles rot even though they were supposed to be walking shoes. I know the sizing is my fault, but I bought them in US, and found out the problem after I came to Japan, so I can't return them.
B0034XS4OY never buy shooes on the net I guess the second time I buy on the net timberland.  The first one were custom made.  I first went to the store chose the model tried the size and order accordingly, guess what ?  the wide was not wide, cannot return it is custom made.  This one is not custom made but even with the writing like in the store the shoe does not fit like the store on???  What to believe or what to say.
B0035LD2X8 return money buy boots with this provider charged to me, then I had reported no availability and I have returned the money
B0035LD2X8 not that great Origninally ordered a size 10, but it was big so i ordered 9.5 and the length was good but it was too narrow.  Unfortunately the sellers return policy does not provide free returns either.
B0035LD2X8 Yes, about one size too big. Indefensible stupidity. Makes no sense. The boot itself seems fine. Had to return it because some idiots can't seem to make sizes in line with the rest of the civilized world. Way to go Timberlands! I'm done with this company. Lol what garbage.
B0035LD2X8 Great GREAT looking shoe.  Ultimately had to return due to size, but, a very well-made boot, and can be worn anywhere.  Return/refund with no issues.
B0037PYYM0 order and return problems I ordered 32x36 and was sent 36x32. Timberland  offered only exchange and sent another pair when I downloaded a return label. I was notified I would be billed for both orders at $49.50.  UPS in Guam doesn't accept packages from individuals, only from corporations with corporate accounts so the UPS label was useless. I spent $13.70 USPS to return the product, for which I was immediately credited. I never received the second 'exchange' product. My $49.50 credit never appeared on my credit card statement a month and a half later. AMEX is doing an investigative inquiry. DO NOT BUY FROM TIMBERLAND.
B0038JD1UG Sizing is too small and tight I ordered the 6.5M and it was too tight for me.  I can usually fit regular width shoes so didn't think of ordering it wider. I'm not sure if it just requires to be broken in before they fit better, but don't want to risk it and then not be able to return the shoes, so I'll be returning my Christmas present.  :(
B0039ZD3MK good quality but beware Totally happy w/ amazon on this. The boots are what you'd expect, seemed like good quality & what I expected. I've worn 12D's and ordered these at 12EE. I ordered them after trying on a similar boot at a brick and mortar store, and it was a Timberland boot. I tried those, and bought these because of the wider toe cap.The fit was great except for one small problem, and it was different than the boot I tried on in a shop. If you look at the boot at the base of the laces, there's a seam that runs down the side to the sole. That seam was tight and noticeable on the tops of both feet, enough so that I sent them back. I otherwise really liked the boot & think the quality was up there, but anyone that's worn safety shoes knows about that little spot you want to pretend you can get used to, but you never will.Timberland has a 30 day fit-guarantee, so I could have worn them a bit to see if it got better. It might have, but I figured better to return it new, which I did. I returned it through Amazon's return policy, which is as good as you could ask for (assuming the credit shows up when they receive the boots back). I ordered the other Timberlands I tried on, and my woman talked me into ordering a set of Michelins I liked that were a little more. I've been wearing Michelins for years and I have no complaints with them, they just discontinued what I've been wearing.These Timberlands look & felt great, except that little spot under the seam. If you don't think it's a problem for you, I'm sure these will be good for you. Buying through Amazon is even better.
B003A4T4A0 I returned the item because I did not like how it looked when it arrived. I ended up returning the item and the return/refund was easy and quick. I liked how the shoe felt and it was comfortable, The issue is that i did not like how the item looked on me. I also felt that it was a little smaller than expected, especially towards the toe box. for me, this has been an issue withTimberland shoes and how they fit me. I have always loved Timberland shoes but they have never fit quite right, especially for my wide foot.
B003A67X5G Runs large, blocky looking. This was the first pair of shoes I ordered on Amazon.  Reasonable price, great reviews, free shipping.  Arrived within a week.  My first impression was that they did not look like leather at all, more plastic-y look and feel.  They were too large for my feet and loose fitting.  The boot height was not as high as I expected and the opening was very wide and felt weird around my leg.  I immediately put them back in the box and wrapped it up for return shipping.  This cost me another $12 to ship back.  I've bought shoes online before and other sites do NOT charge for return shipping so I will not be ordering shoes on Amazon again.  I ended up with a very nice pair of Rockport Toloni black leather boots.  I am extremely happy with those (bought them at a department store near home).
B003A67X5G Very pleased I have had mixed results, buying shoes via internet. Especially regarding sizing.In other brands,I have had to return shoes labeled wide, as they were not.I ordered 12-M, expecting to have to return.I put these on, wore them to work all day without any issues. A little difficult to put on first time, but comfortable all day.My work is mixed, desk time/some walking. Great pair of boots for a decent price.
B003BLP4EC cute, but too tall for a 17-month old I ordered the size 5 for my 17 month old and the foot fits her fine, but she can't walk normally in them because the shaft goes too high up her leg.  And she's of normal height.  I think they would work better on an older child.  I'd like to return them, but after spending money on the shipping it isn't worth it.  They are great quality though and I'd actually like a similar pair for myself.
B003ELOZSU Peltz Shoes - Do not purchase from them I purchased these boots on this website at $150. The next day they were marked down to $85. I wrote to both Peltz Shoes and Amazon to request a price adjustment and I was instructed to return the product and lose my shipping costs. Can you believe that? They mark it down considerably and my item wasn't even shipped yet... but they would not honor the sale price. That is bad business and I will never shop with them again. I was very surprised that Amazon would support this type of business practice on their website and I will think twice about purchasing products off Amazon in the future.Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Mount Holly Tall Lace Duck Boot
B003ELOZSU Slow in the works This is silly, but I just got the boots,today, Monday, and I ordered them Friday. They do not fit, and kill my left foot, and I cannot return them today because this site says that they haven't been shipped yet, so I have to hang around with these useless boots, too flat on the top of the foot, and probably pay for shipping.. And this is cyber Monday !!!! I'm using Zappos from now on.. Get with the program.
B003EV5N8G I experinced problem, but happy how amazon handled it. I recieved the wrong size and had no chance to return or exchange. So I wrote to amazon and they just refunded my money without returning. That was realy nice. The item itself is also of good quality, will fit my girl 2 years later.
B003OBZSZO not comfortable at all These boots look much cuter online than in person. Firstly, they seem cheaply made and smell like harsh  factory chemicals. Also, they are quite stiff and uncomfortable.  I literally took a few steps in them in my house before unequivocally deciding to return them. It's a pity, because I so badly wanted to like them, but my feet deserve comfortable shoes!
B003TFEA5O WOW These boots are extremely well made. The availability of wide sizes was much appreciated. Great deal from Amazon. Super fast, secure shipping. I love the return policy..wouldn't have taken a chance without it. I'm so glad I ordered them.
B003TFEA5O I like it but.. I loved the color and how they look like but the left pair of the shoes is a little tight. I started to use it at home whether it will change or not, but it did not get wider. I think I have to return this boots back. Be careful when selecting your shoe size!
B003UFJCP6 Great shoes Wonderful boots, look even better than on the pictures. Unfortunately I had to return it back as size 11 run too large for european 41. Otherwise very comfortable, great quality!
B003VR2A2K nice Great shoe, fit loose on my skinny feet so I had to return them. They will probably be good for someone with feet that are not as skinny.
B004089Y7I Weak in the Zipper, Disappointed I bought these for our active 11yr old son hoping that the Timberland reputation for ruggedness would extend to their kids' shoes.  We were disappointed within the first wearing.  The zipper is made of very small teeth and the first one broke within an hour of our son wearing them around the house.  We went to exchange them, but the shoe wasn't available to exchange...so we went to return them.  Unfortunately, our son wore them to school, broken zipper and all, and had an accident on the playground that ended in a trip via ambulance to the hospital.  After that the shoes weren't in any state to return, so we've had to take them to have the zippers replaced so he can continue to get some use out of them.  In the end the shoes are a huge disappointment from a well-known brand, and worse, have left us with a very disappointed little boy.
B0040MXIJE low quality I ordered this glasses hoping to use them for this summer. A few weeks after I receive them, an arm became detached when I went to put them on. Reported the issue on June 1st and still waiting for a return sticker or an authorization number. This is the second pair of TIMBERLAND sunglasses and will be the last one.
B0043QGPKQ Had To Return They're comfortable while standing and not moving, but once I started walking in them I realized they are very stiff in the sole and are fairly loud on hard surfaces.
B0049N3S58 Nice Boots---great Timberland customer service One of the most comfortable boots I have work in thirteen years of wearing duty boots. Only issue is that within three months one of the top eyelet hooks for the laces broke off rendering the boot worthless. I contacted Timberland who stated that the boot is covered by a lifetime warranty and they sent a pre-paid return label via e-mail and sent out a new pair right away. Great to have a company stand by their product!
B004BE4DQS Shame it wasn't my size I thought I picked big kids but instead got toddler so I had to return them but they were nice
B004J2HSLY Shoe quality look great, but was too small Shoe quality look great, but was too small. After reading the return policy, restocking fees, return shipping, decided to request refund, cutting my losses.  Cost $15.00 to return ship.  The co refunded quickly after receiving the shoes back and did not charge restocking.Decided to shop locally where I can try on before I buy.
B004J2HSLY check the return policy These were too narrow which is not the biggest problem because when you have wide feet not all shoes marked as wide fit the same just like any other clothing item. The problems is with the market place vendor when I got an RMA and returned them it cost me $15 shipping to return them.
B004J2HT6I Returned THis boot wasn't as it looked on the site, the size was wrongfully stated and i just had to return it.
B004K22W2S Bad sizing, left is considerably tight Previous reviewers were correct (wish I'd believed them) about the left boot being tighter than the right.Most people have one foot wider than the other. It's normal. My right foot is wider than my left.So WHY is the left boot too snug?In most boots, the sizing is actually a half size bigger than in other shoes, and it's been this way in all other boots I've purchased. But these actually feel smaller than the size I ordered.I've only had them on for an hour, but I'm seriously debating if I should return these boots or have hope they'll stretch with wear.
B004K66PAE Frustrating Beautiful fabric. Well constructed. The right one fits beautifully but the left one is too snug at the top of the calf. Never been an issue with other boots before...one fitting and one not. Regretting the return.
B004K6C6ZW 6pm sells much less, but Happy! My feet are wider and hard to find good fit.  This Timberland boot is true to size.  It is bit tighter, and I have to stretch the boot.  The leather is very nice and easy to get molded. I still can move my toes. Shoe shape is made very comfortable, and this boots make my feet look cute and tiny.  The sole though is hard.  I cannot wear thick socks, but it is warm enough.Looks just as it is, sooo cute!!!!The price dropped after I ordered. It was $165 and dropped to $117 when delivered.  Amazon does reimbursement for this.The same boot at 6pm.com is $89.99.  This boot at Amazon is Free Return, but not at 6pm.I would have return it and get it from 6pm if I have more time to wait for shipping.
B004K6E5V0 Who does not have a tongue in the shoe especially when it's lacing up? NO tongue in the shoe...returned it immediately.  Just wasn't what I wanted when I actually saw it in person.  What a waste of shipping cost to return it.  Bah.
B004L32PFU Very comfortable I had to return the initial pair, because there was a piece of leather that was giving me a blister on the heel.  Once I got my new pair and let them brake in for a week or so they are now my favorite shoes.  The leather is of high quality, and they are extremely comfortable.I would highly recommend them.
B004P1O3O4 Not what I ordered I ordered the black one advertised but got it in the design of the brown one which is absolutely not what was displayed. Must return product! Very disappointing, deceptive marketing.
B004P1Q84C Not waterproof Great quality and well made but had to return. But that was easy with quick turnaround time. Would recommend if that is not needed.
B004P1Q84C Sweet looking boots! The look of these boots are awesome! They look just like the picture, no color difference at all.I did return them though, the reason that I returned them is because the widest part on my food didnt fit very comfortably in these shoes and the back of my heel was very sore after 1 day of wearing them.
B004PPLZEG too small these shoes fit like a 10 1/2, too tight in the toes, had to return them, went with a differnt style
B004PZYM3C Poorly made I'm very disappointed.  I bought these for my husband and after two weeks of wear -- the tab at the back of the boot came off.  For Timberland product -- at this price  -- should not heve happened.  And the problem with having ordered it from Amazon is that I can't return it and complain!!
B004T0YVZ2 defected item Unfortunately zipper on the right shoe has some missing sections. And your website is not working good. I've tried to use return section, but &#34;reason of return&#34; button never gets active. Actually I've sent this shoes to Russia and it's where a friend of mine noticed the defect. To send it back will cost her a fortune, so maybe you can ship me another pair, cause nobody will ever be able to use it anyway.
B004T0YVZ2 Very Bulky The boots are very bulky and hard to put on. My daughter had hard time to put on the boots even with my help. We had to return them.
B0052A7F2Y fits well comfortable shoe, true to size. Needed a half size, so I was happy to see they fit well. Able to wiggle my toes, they do not hurt my feet. I like that timberland has a 30 day return, If you wear the shoes for 30 days, and they are not comfortable you can return them. Like that I can wipe them down to keep them clean. I have 2 pairs and am happy so far. They are cute with my scrubs.
B0052A7F2Y Nice shoes, but they run smaller than the leather ones. These rubber clogs run smaller and are sized differently than the leather Timberland pro clogs.  They were significantly cheaper than what I found in the uniform store, but hated to pay the $8.60 to return them.  These are not actually a 9.5, on the box they are labeled a 9/9.5.  I always wear a 9.5, but should have ordered the 10, which may have been too big if they were a 10/10.5 i don't know.  Found some BOC clogs at a local shoe store, on sale, same price and I love them.
B0054HM2UU Comfortable Comfortable, light weight, good looking. Very satisfied.I thought the size 12 was slightly under size and I had to return for size 13.Amazon paid shipping for return. Nice bonus.
B0058SHRNC lousy shoes I do not like these shoes one bit. I wish I had not thrown the box away as I would like to return them. They fit as if they are from a Pay-Less type shoe store. They are very light weight and flimsy. Sorry to be so negative, but I was so disappointed.
B0058SI8PI Size up These shoes are not true to size . Could not return them and gave them to charity.Dont waste your money!!!
B005BWB2QI Timberland quality gone now that they're made in the third world Like all the other name brands that were made in the US, corporate greed has Timberland manufacturing in Bangladesh.  The pair I got weren't properly sewn on the inside of the part where the eyes for the laces are.  Apparently nobody looked at them before shipping.  They're uncomfortable & won't slip on without unlacing like a boat shoe should.  And I was sent the wrong color by Price Junkie.  This is my 4th (first at Amazon) & final attempt at buying shoes online.  They all had to be returned.  At least I didn't have to pay return shipping here.  L.L. Bean still makes their famous Bean boots in Maine & sells them at around $100.; very competitive price & so much better quality than the foreign junk.  There's a whole generation of Americans now that don't know good quality because all they've ever seen is shoddy foreign goods & they'll accept them.  Sad.
B005BWB2QI Hopefully 3rd Time is a Charm! - Yes it was! Saw these shoes and thought they would make a nice gift.  With Timberland you can't go wrong, but apparently with Amazon not so much.  I received the shoes and on the top of the right shoe there was a big scratch mark so I called customer service right away.  The agent was very nice and sent a replacement immediately.  She also emailed a return label to send back the damaged set.I was extremely impressed with the level of service even though I was on the phone with the agent for approximately 30 minutes but I was having my issues resolved so I did not mind the time.  Well, the replacement set arrived and I was so excited.  Upon close inspection I realized that they had sent me two different sizes. One of the shoes was two sizes too small.  So once again I called customer service and spoke with another lovely agent who apologized and all that warm and fuzzy stuff and now I am awaiting another replacement pair today.  Oh yeah, this call too was close to 30 minutes.  I believe that is the norm.I am hoping that the 3rd time is the charm and that all will be well but at this rate I will not stop until I get two shoes in the correct size and excellent condition.  I shall update my review as soon as I can inspect the latest shipment.Update:  I received the 3rd pair and they are perfect! The third time really is the charm!
B005BWB2QI There are many scratches on products There are many scratches on the product.Bother to return. I'll just use that.Next, look at the meticulously different.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe, but too large This is an attractive, nicely-made shoe, at a reasonable price. The sole and stitching all appear to be quite sturdy. The Amazon shipping process was quite efficient, too.But like many others, I found these Timberland shoes are not sized properly - the marked sizes are TOO LARGE.  All of my other shoes are 10.5 (and with some shoes, that's snug).  But the Timberland Earthkeepers size 10.5 were definitely larger than a standard size 10.5 - probably a standard size 11.  So I exchanged these through Amazon for a smaller size - the Timberland Earthkeepers size 10.  And those fit properly.  It's unfortunate that Timberland does not size its shoes properly.On the positive side: The Amazon return process is very user-friendly. The online return guide generates a shipping label.  My printer wasn't working properly, so I contacted Amazon, and they sent me a shipping label (which arrived by UPS in 2 days!).  I was quite impressed with the return process.
B005BWB2QI different size for each one the pair of shoe i received,one is 7.5 and the other is 8,totally freaked out !!!return the shoe??? i just threw them away&#65292;because the return fee is too expensive.
B005BWB2QI Exchanged These shoes arrived very quickly.  But when I tried them on they were a bit too big in the toe area.  I followed Amazon's return policy and exchanged for size 8 1/2 which are very comfortable.  The shoes to be returned were not picked up by UPS when they were scheduled, but this was not an issue with Amazon.  Amazon sent the 8 1/2 shoes before they received the 9's and UPS picked up the returned pair a couple days later.  Shame on UPS!!
B005BWB2QI Had to return because of the poor quality Inner sole was broken. This is not what I was expecting from Timberland. Will move Rockport now. After 25 years of wearing Timberland. Very sad!
B005BWB2QI 2nd Time Is A Charm The 1st pair was shipped damaged returns was a little bit of a pain with the return label would not print
B005FI1VE6 Very Satisfied! Not only are the quality of these shoes top notch but the customer service was awesome. I bought a size too small and not only did I pay free two day ship via Prime, but they included postage for the return, and free two day ship back! Also, I did not have to wait until they received the return, they sent the new shoes right away. It was great. The shoes are comfy and will last all summer and likely several summers thereafter. Very happy. :)
B005FI1VE6 to little she loves them but they are too small and the return has been a nightmare  going to try to reorder...maybe
B005FI1VE6 had to return ... Love the quality and color but have to return as my baby kept stumbling wearing those because of the thin front and open toe.
B005FMBDD6 Bad day in the Factory? I wish my pictures would do justice to what it looks like in real life! Oh..... just noticed for some reason I am NOT able to attach pictures to my review:(Unfortunately the size we needed was not available on Amazon, so we ordered directly at Timberland! Not sure if it was a bad day in the factory, but ours are out of shape and caused blisters after only a short time wearing them. No matter how tight or loose we adjusted the velcro, the inside heels of my 2 1/2 year old got beat up badly. The blue one for our son was fine. Too bad I can't return a used item!
B005GT0HX0 I DO NOT HAVE TWO LEFT FEET! I was quite excited to receive these bad boys via amazon prime as I joined the service basically to get these shoes (amongst other things). It made complete sense since I am a huge Timberland fan -- as well as an Amazon fan.Upon opening the box, I immediately fell in love with these shoes (and I'm not a huge show aficionado)! However, after I put on the left shoe -- I quickly realized that what was supposed to be a right shoe -- was actually another left!I quickly started the exchange process and it turns out that there were none left!! How is that possible? Where are the other two right shoes??There was nothing I could do but send them back and unhappily exchange them for a different brand. If only there was someone I could call and talk to! I included a letter in the returned shoes and hopefully someone will get back to me... but that probably won't happen.... :(
B005GY8RYQ Could leave been designed better One off those shoes that could have been great. Looked great but since it is worn as a slip in, it has ot elastic around the ankle, ths making it a little difficult to slip into if you have wide feet. My size was a bit too tight,, so had to return. Great looking shoes however.
B005GY99A2 Wrong Item Shipped!!!! After selecting the shoes that i want, and i did not made mistake they did i got the wrong item i might return the shoes although they dont look as bad.
B005I6RZXG Incredibly Squeaky Thoroughly disappointed.  These squeak right out of the box, and the ridge is sewn at an angle on the left shoe so it rubs against the foot (it is obvious that it is misaligned).Of course one can return them, but returns/refunds are dependent upon someone looking the shoes over and agreeing to the defect.  If they were SENT to me that way, then someone wasn't looking at them in the first place.  If they WERE actually checked before being mailed, then they won't see a defect upon being sent back and I am supposed to pay shipping charges to &#34;get them back?&#34;This isn't breakage, this is manufacturing up front that should have been noted.  Waste of money.
B005I6RZXG timberline pro this shoe was to small through heel area these are beautifully made and stylish just didn't fit returned them to Amazon without problem return service exemplary. service is prompt and extremely courteous
B005I6ZV46 Damaged The shoes I received were damaged.  However, after contacting customer service, I sent them a photo and they then paid for the shipping for me to return the shoes.  So, although the quality was not good, the customer service turned out alright.  It is simply frustrating, though, to have to go through this process when I should have received first quality shoes in the beginning.  Timberland is a well-respected brand and these were not cheap as far as money...only quality.  Resolved...
B005ZFBLTY Not as expected. Toes seemed crunched, not enough shock absorption when walking. Hopefully I can return them and try another style or pair.
B006T307QE to tight i bought these due to standing on cement all day. But they are to tight.i thought they were slip proof they are not on plastic Is there a way i can return them?RegardsCraig Perleberg.
B006T32HGC Unhappy all the way around  :( I purchased these a little over a month ago and am very unhappy with the performance. When I throw down over 120$ for heavy duty work boots, I expect them to last the better part of two years, not one month. The right boot has caved in and is crushing my toe and the rubber protection on the left shoe is starting to come loose. I went to look to see if i could make a return or get a replacement but according to the website, my return window has closed. I am very unhappy and would like for Amazon to make this right. This is an order for over 120$ for work shoes, not some cheap pair for 5$ at goodwill.
B006T32HGC Good boot. Terrible eyelets I couldn't find my receipt to return these boots.  The boots are very comfortable.  But some of the eyelets for the shoe strings broke in the first two days.
B006T9281U sorry i bought them Much too tight, tried one on so cannot return, gave them away.  Should have given money away instead.  Someone might have put it to better use.
B006T92CL6 Way too small.  And my feet aren't that big! This is a definite case where &#34;one size does NOT fit all.&#34;  I would like to return them.  There were so many restrictions printed on the packaging about saving every little tag and EVERY piece of packing, that I sense they would find some reason not to refund my money.  They look like decent socks.  I will probably donate them to a women's shelter.  Beware if you need to return this item and put in every tiny piece of tag, wrap, plastic thing that holds socks together, etc. Not at all happy with this purchase.
B006ZGV9IU Adorable design ruined by factory shortcuts This is an adorable looking shoe, but the actual item is not as pictured. The cut is too far forward on the lateral side, so that there is no support to the side of the foot; the material ends right at the joint between the little toe and the long bone of the side of the foot. As a result, it feels as if the shoe is barely staying on and the side of the foot is hanging out.I wanted these to work so badly that I bought and exchanged no fewer than 6 pair in two sizes directly from Timberland as well as Amazon and they all had this same problem. In the picture, the material goes up about 1cm past the toe joint (the bend in the sole) but in the actual shoes, they all were cut shorter ending right where the sole bends. I feel this was most likely a factory shortcut to save on material. Maybe it created a more efficient shape from which more pieces could be cut from a single sheet. If it were constructed as shown in the stock photos, it would cradle the foot just fine.It's so frustrating that they messed this up, because the styling is lovely and the materials and construction are otherwise excellent. Sadly, this small deviation from the original design makes what should have been an extremely comfortable shoe all but unwearable.Incidentally, Timberland quality control on all the women's boots and shoes I purchased last year was terrible. Whether I purchased direct from Timberland or another outlet, the sizing and manufacturing quality was all over the place - many should have been considered factory seconds for crooked stitching, lopsided construction, glue smears, and other signs of poor craftsmanship. I had to return several pair of any style to find one that was acceptable. I only persisted because I liked Timberland's styling and quality materials for the price. It was just always so difficult to find a pair that was made well. On the plus side, Timberland's free shipping and liberal return policy meant it didn't cost me anything more than my time.
B006ZGV9LM cute but worthless fit These are terrible if you want to walk anywhere in them. I have narrow feet but I've never had a problem with my feet slipping out of a boot like I do with these. My regular size was the correct size, but my heels kept slipping out as I walked around in my apartment. Worthless!! The worst part is they're making ME pay for return shipping, even though their product is a poor fit. That is terrible customer service and should have been advertised. I saw other reviews say return shipping was free, which is the only reason I ordered online. Live and learn.
B006ZGV9LM Good Boot Initially I ordered true to size in a 10. But.... I should have paid attention to the reviews as they arrived and were snug. So I quick returned them and reordered the 11. Sizing up was the answer. They are very comfortable, a solid heal, warm and stylish too.What I was most impressed with, was the return procedure with Amazon. Very quick and easy. Thank you!
B006ZGZ9RM Fits huge These must be made for people with HUGE fat calves. My legs are like sticks in these things. Sad to have to return.
B006ZIGRXA So cute, yet sadly, so uncomfortable Was looking so forward to the arrival of these boots.  Finally, a tall boot that fit my athletic calves - and, so cute, too.  But, unfortunately, the footbed and "shoe" part was incredibly uncomfortable.  Had to return them.  Doubt I'd chance another on-line order for this brand again but glad Amazon has a great return policy.
B006ZIGS34 Like 'em, but will have to return... Nice quality and I like the looks, but they run large, you may want to order half a size down.
B006ZIGYVU European Design, Unique Boot Pros and cons of this boot:Pros:Timberland is a great, sturdy well made brandBoot has a unique style/flap that covers laces and looks very EuropeanColor is beautiful - kind of between a rust and brownVery comfortable, all purpose including hiking shoe with ankle supportCons:VERY NARROW,SMALL fit. I usually wear a 7.5 B US and had to return and reorder an 8 C US which fits perfectly.I put these boots on and wore them all day with shorts and flannel shirt, hiking nearby. I am glad I sent back/reordered - this is the beauty of Amazon Prime.
B006ZITF7U Beautiful boot. Loved the look, well made, great color. Opening wasn't big enough to slip on. Had to return.  Made me sad to return.
B006ZITF7U Gorgeous Boot These boots are beautiful but because I have high arches, I couldn't get my feet into them.I had to return them and try again.
B006ZSBS8O Had to Return Product was okay, but was actually a little bigger on my foot than I thought they would be. So I didn't feel comfortable with that and I returned them. The return seemed fairly easy as I was given a return label. So I was able to tape that on and send the package back.
B006ZVRVMI Fell apart after only a few weeks of wear! My son used wore these playing disk golf and the way they were written up I assumed they would be rugged enough to keep his feet dry and hold up but alas they started to come part from the soles were they are glued together. I would not re-purchase this product and the return policy is so short. Many other boot/she companies have 10 times the warrenty and stand behind their products much better than Timberline..
B0070SHSGE Runs large Overall built quality is good but runs a half size large and wide. I Liked them but had to return.
B0070SJK60 Good boots The only issue I have with this product is the boot is a bit to narrow, not as far as fit goes, but rather aesthetically for my taste. Probably wouldn't have purchased this if I had tried it on in a store. Not that big of a deal and not enough to return it.
B00713499W Timberland are keepers This was a great buy!!!!!! Fits well and comfortable, I would buy another Timberland brand. I initially order toddler 4.5 instead of big kid us 4.5 and the returned period had passed, but Amazon made an exception and I was able to return and order teh correct size.
B0072NQIZ4 Loved it, but foot kept slipping out of shoe Hi, so wish I could wear this, but even though it's my size, 7M, it kept sliding off my foot.  Must return.
B0074HSGO4 I need an Exchange. Sorry, I need a size smaller. I not sure how to return thwm, since I didn't get a paper in case I wanted to return it. Can you please get a hold of me. I'm trying to ship them back tomorrow.
B007782V1O Very Unhappy with Product Recently returned from years of living in Florida to be near first grandchild.  I needed a good pair of warm boots for shoveling.  After much research I thought I had found exactly what I needed.  I purchased the boots but did not wear them until recently when we had our first significant amount of snow.  I will not wast your time as I did my money.  The boots were large for their stated size; my feet froze; there is no waterproofing whatsoever: they were also very slippery with no grip.  Wanted to return them but passed my return date maybe I could wear then to cut the grass.  Very disappointed.
B007782V1O Disappointing Although the fit and look was great, one of the eyelets became detached from the fabric on the second wear. The upper fabric ripped on the fifth wear and the other eyelets are now detaching as well. I will return these directly to Timberland so they could see how cheaply made these shoes are. Extremely disappointed in this brand.
B007782V1O Amazing!! It's great that you can get wetThey return to its original color after wet with rainVery comfortable. Just take into account that are plus size.
B007784JI2 Bad I do not like it. Because it has bad leather and bottom. I ware just four day. It is hurting my food a lot. I pay almost $80.00 for nothing. I wiil try to return it or exchange it.
B007784JI2 Defective !!! The boots I received were defective. The right boot appears totally different from the left boot.  The pattern or manufacturing process is flawed.  Now, the seller will not provide a return label.  The manufacturing label says they are made in China.
B007784WSO Small They would have rated 5 stars had they been the same size as three other size 14 M Timberland shoes I have purchased.  I had them shipped to my vacation destination instead of to my home because of time constraints, so there was no time to return them when I found they were too short.  I was able to wear them with thin dress socks, so all was not lost.
B007ROSMK2 Not Worth the Rocks it Would Take to Sink It in the Mediterranean. This has been the worst bag. I got it right before a trip to Italy. I got it out of the box and it looked perfect. After a bit I noticed there was a problem with one of the seams. With no time to return it, I did a quick repair and thought that was that. Then at the airport I noticed that there was another seam going out. Luckily I packed a sewing kit and repaired that one as well. When I arrived in Italy I found that a couple of teeth on the zipper had broken. I sewed THAT shut again. Then later a seam came out of the zipper and that started coming unraveled. Seriously?!?!?! I would love to return it, but I've done such a hack job holding it together that I'm afraid they won't take it back!
B007TGA2JM A Little Small Ordered these boots as my new Winter Boots for this season. Upon receiving them, I eagerly tried them on. I was very disappointed to find that with hose on they were very tight around my toes preventing me from wearing socks of any kind with them. I have already processed the return and printed the labels. I tried to exchange them for a wide size that shows available on the product page but the exchange option would not allow me to choose a wide size. Once the return is processed I will be ordering a wider size and hopefully they will fit perfectly. I definitely like the boots and hope that I can find a size to fit soon.
B008AH79FE Disappointed...but My son saw the red "bubble coat" on several different commercials and kept saying he "hoped he had one." He's 4, hence the "I hope I had one of those" instead of "wish". He received it for Christmas and was very happy.I tried it on him, it fit, it is true to size, so I ripped off the tags. The first time I buttoned it, the bottom button ripped through the material and broke, so now the bottom button doesn't work and a few others feel loose. I hope mine was a freak type deal, but I am extremely disappointed in the quality and workmanship of this coat. However, as far as the coat goes, it fits great, it has the cuffed inserts around the wrists so cold air doesn't blow up the arm holes. The hood is detachable and easy to remove, and the coat zips and buttons for extra warmth. It isn't bulky but it is thick. Other than the button falling off and the others feeling loose, the coat is great. I hope I can exchange it painlessly, but I'm not holding my breath, nothing is ever simple when returning items it seems.1/1/13: I am updating this review because I decided to contact Amazon about this product being defective. I wasn't sure if they'd help since I had taken the tags off and threw away the packing slip (although you can easily reprint them online), and returns are normally a huge hassle; I live in a secluded area that is about 20 miles from a post office, basically I really hate having to return stuff.I utilized the chat function and was connected with Disha. I explained that this was a Christmas present for my son, it seemed fine, we took the tags off, but the first time I buttoned it, the bottom button ripped off leaving a big hole in the coat and several others were loose. Timberland is a trusted brand, so I was surprised and disappointed in the poor workmanship. Also, I had cleaned out his closet and given every coat and jacket he had to a program here for needy children without coats. So, this was his only coat for now (his birthday is soon and he's getting another one for his birthday, but it hasn't shipped yet). I figured I'd have to return this one, wait for processing, then get my replacement 2 or 3 weeks later, meaning I'd have to buy an interim coat.To my surprise and extreme pleasure, Disha offered to have UPS pick up the defective coat at my house, all I had to do was box it up, I didn't have to print a label or anything, UPS will have that for me. Also, I was told the new coat would arrive by standard shipping (about a week), but when I explained this was my son's only coat at the moment and I'd have to buy an extra for him to wear about 4-5 days until the new coat arrived, I asked if it would be possible to get expedited shipping, and I was granted my request without hesitation. So, it looks as if my new coat will arrive the same day my defective coat gets picked up.Kudos to Amazon for their stellar customer service. If given the option when buying an item, I would choose "order fulfillment by Amazon" because of this experience alone, I will continue to be a loyal Amazon customer. Very few companies have customer service skills anymore and I'm more than happy to say Amazon certainly does, and has excellent service at that. I originally rated this purchase 1 star but am upgrading it due to the quick and easy return and replacement of my item.
B008KLGHL2 To Small and Rather Unattractive I can't wait until summer. I imagined myself talking long walks in these, but they were a very poor fit. They are also on the unpretty side. I have already ugly feet--from excessive hiking--so I could not think of wearing these.I will return these and stick to Tevas.
B008M27754 Size is not correct! I usually wear 8, but had to return for a 7.5. It's bigger than my shoes which have size 8M. How can this one continue selling on Amazon?  It wasted my time and ink to print return label!
B008M27754 Was larger than I was expecting I had return this pair of fisherman's sandals due to it being somewhat larger than I was expecting. I returned them and received full refund. Great customer service!The pair also seemed to have good quality, although I did not ge a chance to test it.
B008M2MGSC I would like to return and i am not sure how The boots were not as i expected. The bottom of the boot has a sneaker like grip. I live in New England and i would need a boot to help me get through the snow and ice. I may be at fault because for not reading the description completely, At any rate i wold like to make a new purchase for the boots and return these ones. any assistance in the matter is greatly appreciated
B008M2OCP2 Too small Was too tight.  I have the lace up version and that fits perfect. I had to return it, so sad.
B008M2OCP2 Must Return Unfortunately, these are being returned.  My father has a high arch, and his foot did not slide into these easily enough.  Perhaps for a younger man who could manipulate the fit while putting them on.  Nice looking though.
B008M2ZFQW REALLY NICE SLIP-ONS! These are great but run a tad big.  I bought a pair that my son confiscated and ordered another for myself.  That pair was too large and returned them for a 1/2 size smaller.  Perfect now and Amazon's return policy is second to none.
B008M4UN2Q Awesome shoes! Fit runs on the small side so I needed to return them for a larger size. Normally this would have lowered my review of the product, but Amazon made it SO VERY EASY to return and exchange that I'm totally thrilled with the purchase experience. My shoes arrived the next day! Awesome customer service, Amazon!
B008N6YRCK How do I return the shoes? They are attractive but very uncomfortable. Thanks for sending the best way to  get them back to you.Thank you,Molly Light
B008N7H654 One of five that i purchased Slightly different construction than four similar pairs. Found to be abit small, but excellent service with the return and crediting my card
B008UQS9RC Ankle Strap Like the fit of the shoe, however, would not recommend for folks like myself with large ankles. Strap was too snug in first hole. Must return product.
B008VPU0GK very poor quality I wore these boots to work and they sweat terribly and the bottom of your foot now has changed the fit to be very uncomfortable not even going to return just going to throw them out, unless amazon lets me know how they can help to reimburse me.
B0090X4EJQ Heel slips when I walk The material seems good but the fit is not.  My usual size 11 seemed to fit, but when I walk the heel rubs.I waited too long to try them after they arrived, now I am stuck with them.  Beware of the return policy!
B00943M2F0 Solid bag with a flaw Took on a recent trip that included 14 flights and felt solid throughout.Will need to return it for an exchange because a stitching flaw showed up early in my trip and the material at the top came apart. A fix to that and it feels like it will last a good long time. Its expandability is very handy.
B0095AFHDQ uncomfortable Wish I could return this bootie. Call me "princess" but this bootie is uncomfortable and just doesn't fit right. Pass on this one.
B009K431J4 Unfortunately design was not as expected I already had a pair for my daughter and thought to buy the same pair for mama, big mistake of daddy. Mom likes the shoe for her daughter but that doesn't mean that she wants the same. Anyway I asked for the item to be returned and I was really surprised by the service of the seller, I was able to send the shoes back to UK free of cost. They even arranged that the return was picked-up at our home address in Netherlands. Overall very satisfied with this amazing service and I wouldn't hesitate to buy again from them, my compliments!!!P.S. my daughter loves these shoes and they are really great, warm and will last a while, overall a good product from Timberland.
B009R9EJ3E inserts got the package to avoid the hassle of return and exchange I did nothing and swallowed the loss next time I will watch what I buy
B00AFCGBWE Would never buy again Purchased and took one one trip, it did not make the return flight without tearing on the seams. Total waste of money
B00AQL08YG Not satisfied but no return The shoe was too large, the box said that 7 equals 23,5 in Europe..the internet site didn't tell me that. The zippen was broken but because i live in the Netherlands i decided to keep it and let it fix by a shoe repair man.The delivery though was perfect and on time.
B00AQLQ05W good looking boot Unfortunately the sole seperated from the boot and I had to return it.  I expected better quality from Timberland.  Oh well lesson learned - you don't always get what you pay for!  I will stick to cheaper kid shoes as they hold up better.
B00AQLQ6L0 Good stuff Maynard!! Great boots!  I am an adult female. Depending on the shape/ width of the toe box i wear shoe sizes 2 to 3.5.  The toe box seemed a little narrow from the profile pictures so hence the !/2 size larger.  This is my third Timberland purchase and never needed to make a return. Excellent quality, great fit, durable!  NO BLISTERS even after being on my feet for several hours on my first outing!  Also like the removable insoles if one needs to replace with more support.
B00AQMB9O8 POOR quality I seldom, if never write reviews... However after paying the price for these boots I feel the need to warn other buyers. Twice the zipper has failed on these boots, and I only bought them 1 1/2 months ago. My daughter has only worn then a total of probably 15 times. We took the first zipper break to a shoe repair shop, he fixed it and we paid... yesterday the same thing again with the other boot. And yes, the return period is only 1 month. These look sturdy and they were warm. However, they are obviously NOT made very well.VERY disappointed.
B00AR1VI30 Fit VERY tight I bought an extra half size bigger and they don't come close to fitting. I measured it against another boot and it seems the same size but maybe these are just too narrow. This is the first product I will ever return on amazon.
B00AR1XL2G Great looking, but wrong for the purpose. I wanted something that don't looks like a regular hiking boots but comfortable to hike in....Unfortunately, they do not feel like it. I had to return it. Otherwise, the boots are great looking and size 6 Big Kid fits size 8 Women. ( I wear 7.5 sandals and 8 boots) These boots are roomy and my toes are not touching the inside of the boot, which is great.The boots will be perfect for muddy and rainy conditions in a city, but not for hiking. The shipping and return was free from Amazon, so you can't go wrong. Thank you, Amazon.
B00AR58UIC Timberland Boots made the kid cool and Nonna even cooler! Who doesn't struggle with gifts to give grandchildren these days? When my grandson, Colton, mentioned he'd seen these boots and thought they looked cool, I immediately sought them out. They were not available in youth sizes in our town and I was leery of ordering shoes without the ability of trying them on. However, through Amazon, the return policy was such that my fears were allayed and I found a vendor who got them to me on Christmas Eve. About fifteen minutes before our family opened Santa, in fact! Even during this busy season, I received them in three days from the time of order. Colton thought I planned it that way and I was the way coolest Nonna ever, not to mention that he was the way coolest kid.The boots are already known for their quality, which is why I decided to put my money there in the first place. I was worried about the fit and my grandson's disappointment if they were too big or small. But the size was true and my relief was great. I tore up the return label that was included with the boots and just enjoyed watching Colton strut for the rest of his vacation.You can trust the quality, the fit and the shipping.
B00AW7M97S beautiiful boots this boots are hot. they have a red undertone which i was looking for, but i needed a wide instead which they didnt have. so i had to return them, unfortunately.
B00AW7M97S Perfect With the exception of the narrower toe, this was exactly what I was looking for. I originally ordered an 8.5 but had to return them because they were too small and way too tight. Even if I had broken them in a bit, they still woudl've been too uncomfortable. The toe is just much more narrower than I am used to. I exchanged for the size 9 and thsoe are much better. Took one day of breaking in and now they care good to go. Great bottom grip, non slip. The leather feels great and the buckle is adjustable. The zipper is a good one. Easy zip up and down. Definitely a great purchase and the price was the best at $85. Bam!
B00AW8HF9Y Not for Skinny legs Nice boots and length was true to size, but the circumference  was too wide for my skinny legs. I had to return them.
B00AW8HF9Y Top too tight! These boots look awesome but the opening was so tight I had to return them. It didn't seem like the opening matched the size of the rest of the boot.
B00AW8JG9G OUCH! These boots' beauty is made all the more apparent by how PAINFUL they are to wear. I wore them for a month, every other day, with a variety of socks to break into them (yes, even ski socks), bought leather-stretching spray, and endured the pain, and still they hurt. The zipper digs into my ankle, right above the bone, leaving me bruised, and the heel area on my right foot became so tender that I had to wear galoshes for a week because no other footwear was even remotely comfortable after these boots were on my feet for an entire day. I walked barefoot from the bus to my house because my right heel was bleeding. I have NEVER had this problem with ANY shoes. Not even the strappy sky-high stiletto heels after a night out at the club. The worst part is that I cannot even return them because it had a 30 day return policy. Beautiful looking shoe, terrible ergonomically.
B00AW8JG9G Didn't fit. I had to return these because if you have calves at all they will not fit. If you are a stick, then these boots are for you.
B00AW8JG9G they don't return my money after cancel the order i bought it, after a day cancel the purchase, but the cash payment had been made &#8203;&#8203;and they never return my money
B00AW8JG9G The search continues I waited anxiously for this piece. It took longer to arrive than I'm use to from Amazon. Unfortunately when it arrived the color wasn't as pictured ( not nearly as rich). Around my ankles are too large. My largest complaint is that they do not come to my knees and I'm 5&#34;3.  Will have to return them.The good:The boots appear pretty comfortable and the price was just right.
B00AW8JG9G At first I really liked the design until First of all my detailed reviews of this keep getting removed by amazon. That is why all you see are the 5 star reviews. I received not one, but 2 defective pairs of boots from Timberland. The first set- the right boot was significantly smaller than the left! the second pair of boots were used, sent in a plain box(not a Timberland boot box) with no tags, no tissue in boots,no cardboard shaft holders. all the buckles were undone and there were fingernail scratch marks purposely done in a line all down one boot. Poor amazon quality control for people return items. That being said, i liked the overall design of this boot. The leather seemed nice but since seeing the scratches please beware it is super easy to put a mark through the leather that is not removable. Character adding? maybe. but not quality. Suggestions-buy these on sale only and please don't pay more than seventy bucks for them. my guess is they are manufactured out of the USA hence the quality and variations in each pair.
B00AW8JL0A Labelled wrong???? Looked great however I could not get my feet into them although my Timberland shoes size 7.5 M fit great. I had to return them.
B00AZPPEQ0 $6.00 restocking fee for returns, while the item page says "free returns." I was a little disappointed in both the Timberland shoes and Amazon's policy to charge restocking fees for shoes.  The shoe felt a full size larger than other Timberland boots that I currently own.  It's appearance, to me, is more casual/dressy...kind of bland, oddly long and narrow in appearance.  It seems comfortable, but I'm not inclined to wear it as much as I originally planned. It seems like this will be a comfortable shoe.  It's seems really odd to charge a restocking fee for an item that is always somewhat of a wild card like shoes are.  Take these Timberlands for instance...most of the reviewers seem to think that they are bigger than normal.  Well Amazon says you may have to pay $6.00 for the privilege of taking a chance. To be fair, i contacted Amazon customer service and they did issue a refund...but I had to complain. I won't be ordering shoes from Amazon again.
B00AZPPEQ0 buyer beware I bought these shoes for my son who didn't like them at all.  I read the previous review and saw the comments that they run big.  This is absolutely true.  But the hidden surprise was the return.  It Cost me $13.38 thru the USPS and the cheapest way.  I asked for a return label from Amazon and a label from RoadRunner (where these boots came from) and surprise on me none was provided.  Had a known this I would never have bought them.  What a huge expense as an AMAZON PRIME MEMBER!
B00AZPPL7C Tighter than expected I did like it, but it is narrower than most other shoes with the same sizing. I'd like to return and order a wider one, but I live overseas. Maybe next time.
B00AZPQV6C Great looking boots for suburban wear and the the price is right! I was looking for a pair of boots since my Chippewas were beginning to fall apart after many years of wear.  Most of the things I looked at were well over $100 and I didn't want to spend that much.  I found the Earthkeepers and, although I generally don't buy shoes over the internet, I did so because of the generous return policy.  I was pleasantly surprised when I got them; they look a lot like the jungle boots worn back in Vietnam; they're light and rugged and will probably look good when the shine is gone and they're scuffed up a bit.  I think they're a little large for sizing, but a pair of Scholl's insets have taken care of that.  I paid around $80 for these and they're well worth the price.  Right now they're too good looking to wear in the slush, but when the slop disappears I'll be wearing them.  Good job Amazon!
B00AZPQV6C Nice boot but... But I couldn't find one that fit. For years I have been buying New Balance hickers, always the same size even though the style/model number might change. The fit never does 10.5 wide is 10.5 wide. I wanted something a little nicer for every day use.But these Tmberlands are another story all together. Reviews warned that the run large...boy do they. 10.5/w was a boat. 9.5/w was too way small. I couldn't try a 10 beacause Amazon would not let me try another size with free return shipping.I liked the style of the boot a lot. Be prepared to return your first pair unless you are real lucky.
B00B7H57J4 some defect right one is good, but left one has defect. I live overseas, so i can't return it  I won't buy this one anymore
B00B7H6M8Y My feet hurt so bad Too tight. I don't have wide feet and they should have fit just fine but the smashed my toes together and put me in a lot of pain. I plan to return them.
B00B7H74CC I like the return policy and 30 days to try them ... I like the return policy and 30 days to try them I'm usually cautious when buying shoes online but I love these!
B00B9PADZ2 Too small I need to exchange for a bigger size, thats all I loved this product...look georgeous..need assistance with this return process
B00B9PIUS4 Fantastic boot - sizing inconsistent. The quality and aesthetics of these boots are very good. The leather felt relatively supple and the boot itself felt fairly sturdy. I did not note any defects in stitching or finish and the color was rich and warm. Following the recommendation of other reviewers, I purchased a size shorter than I typically do, and they ended up being perfect. However, I ordered wide/2E as is typical for me, and I ended up having to return the boots because they are too narrow.
B00B9PIUS4 Runs about a size too large. I have other Timberland boots and these are the only ones that are inconsistent...not sure why.  I read previous reviews and I orderd .5 size smaller than my usual 10 and I should've ordered a full size smaller.  Amazon's return policy won't allow me to exchange them at the exact price I purchased them for (~65 dollars), so I will have to return and just forget about them .  The quality appears very good as you might expect from this brand, but hard to buy online because of the sizing.  Recommend buying 2-3 sizes and then returning the ones you don't need (since Amazon returns are free on shoes) to circumvent the unforgiving exchange policy.  Two stars for a poor fit.
B00B9PJBDC Run SMALL I ordered 13 W but they feel more like 12 D. Had to send them back. Otherwise a good looking shoe and looked to be good quality. Shoe & Co. was good about authorizing return and paid for return shipping. I'm just waiting for my refund
B00B9PJBDC we needed more ankle area elastic Had to return boots.  Husband was unable to get feet into boots.  Got another brand with more expansion at ankle.
B00B9Q34Y8 After Many Attempts, Found the Ideal Waterproof Boot I visited several stores and tried everything from Die Hard from Sears for $40 to Lowa from the Walking Store for $225. These Timberlands have it all. They are very comfortable and look great with a combination of black rubber around the toe and dark brown leather that matches everything. My job takes me to farms in countries around the world and I need something I can walk in all day. These fit the bill. They also look good enough to rinse off and wear to a dinner with a supplier in the evening. Even my wife loves the look of the boots.Please don't pay attention to the information in the first review. It is true these run a hair small. I wear anything from a 10 in sandals, to a 10.5 in dress shoes, to an 11 in tennis shoes. I needed an 11 for these boots. I tried the 10.5 and they were too tight but the 11 is perfect. So order on the upper end of what you wear and you will be fine. The other reviewer also implied that Amazon wouldn't do the return, which is completely inaccurate as any regular customer knows. I returned my 10.5 without any problem at all, they paid the shipping both ways and gave a complete refund.
B00B9TT2QO No real First day wore it doesn't feel authentic and when you look inside the shoe doesn't really say much that approves it as real. I would really love if You can provide me some proof that it's real or I need it too return it ASAP thank you.
B00B9U0FQE They run large, but not as large as my other Earthkeepers I usually wear a size 9, so I ordered a half size down. I could have ordered a 9 and just worn thick socks. Just be prepared to return your boots for another size. The return process is super easy with amazon, so don't sweat it.
B00BB7BX66 Great boot I had to return the boot because it was too large for me. I am a woman, but love the men&#34;s styles of Timberland. So I ordered the smallest possible size and it was too large for me. I had to return it, unfortunately. The boots are very comfy and lightweight. I wish I can find it in size 6 men....
B00BB7BX66 Laces too short!! Why would you sell a $115 boot and deliver it with laces that are too short?  Seriously?  If I want to leave this to the top I nose need to go out and buy laces myself.  Thanks for the inconvenience.  I'll probably return these just to make a point.
B00BB7BX66 Pic does no justice Ordered these for a friend and very confident to buy with the free return!! He loved them and loved the savings!! Wore to our DC Trip!! All that walking he was styling and very comfy !!!
B00BCJV7H8 2 different size!!! I finally got this great looking snow boots for my trip to Alaska. I tried it on, the left boot fits perfectly, but the right boot is too big...so I took them off and compare the boots. I lined them up on the back and, no surprise, the right boot is a size bigger than the left one. I looked into the boots, the left is a 6W and right is 7W....I am normally a 6.5.Now I have to return them and have no shoes for my trip. Thanks a lot :(
B00BCJV7J6 :( Nice boot, but they just didn't fit. Should have gone for the 9 in the first place, it seems. Had to return.
B00BCJW35I Love them BUT..... I was so excited to recieve these beautiful boots, tried the left one on when I received it, put it back in the box. A few days later I decided to show my daughter the cute boots, pulled them out, put on left one first...then went to put on the right one and... I noticed that I was shipped two left shoes that weren't even the same color. Awesome. Needless to say they got shipped back and I can't even get the shoe in my size for the same price now. Thanks Amazon.
B00BF9PSUC Sad it did not work. The first set was too small. The second set was too wide. Had to return both sets. Color was as expected. Insole was lacking for my preference.
B00DHU57WG LIke the shoes Mya daughter loved the shoe.  It was a great price, but we ordered it a 1/2 size to big and had to return them.  The company was receptive and refunded me my money withing 2 weeks.
B00DYQRLGS Beautiful These are so comfortable & fit true to size. I did return them due to them being to casual & I want ones that can be dressed up or down.
B00EALTP4M Timberland Renova Rocks Sorry to return this since it's somewhat small. But, once my wife learned her correct size, we ordered two pairs of this model. This is a very comfortable shoe. The best you can get in the market.
B00ENZSK3M DID LOVE EM BUT WERE STILL TOO BIG :( ALTHOUGH I HAD TO RETURN THESE I REALLY LIKED THESE SHOES I DEFF WOULD RECOMMEND THESE TO ANYONE  GREAT QUALITY, COLOR DRESS UP OR DOWN. REALLY WISHED MENS SIZES WENT DOWN TO A 5/6M
B00FJ1TT66 A VERY DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER i have just received this &iacute;tem and in less than a COUPLE OF DAYS is losing the Brown color and turning grey. i felt that my money was lost in this  supposed purchase and when i try to return it  there is a real bunch of terms/conditions that i do  not  know what to do ABOUT it was a very stupid way to lose my hard-earned $$$ 16.04 + the money i paid in my country D.REP.  to the carrier.  WHAT A WONDERFUL PRODUCT.  jajajajajajaa.  I RECEIVED IT THIS WEEK -6/25/2014  I AM VERY UPSET WITH THIS PURCHASE.  IF YOU  AMAZON GUYS CAN HELP ME TO GET MY MONEY  BACK, I WII APPRECIATE IT.
