B000AKVA6I Good safety boot The package came in pretty good time, but the boot fits well and is the most comfortable safety toed boot or shoe that I have ever worn. I will definitely buy another just like it when next needed..
B000AKVBFI Love my Mudslinger Pros This is my second pair of Mudslingers. I wear them everyday for work and they are the most comfortable pair of steel toe shoes I have ever worn. I have several pairs of other type safety shoes that are barely worn, because they are uncomfortably and heavy. I got a good deal through Amazon $83.13 shipping included. My first pair I purchased at Tractor Supply for over $120.00. I highly recommend these for anyone looking for a durable,waterproof safety shoe.
B000BB15ZC The best I don't think there is a better boot out there,even for twice the money. There is virtually no break in time, very light and wear like iron, i just wish they made a pair of these with a safety toe. This is my third pair, I sure hope they never stop making them.
B000XEA5ZI The best safety boot out there This is the second pair I bought. The first one lasted more than five years which is why I decided to buy the second pair exactly the same. No other safety boot has ever lasted me that long.
B000XEA5ZI wore the old ones out in 2 years.. it has all the ratings i need in a safety boot, it is very comfortable to wear all day, even 7 days a week if needed.. too bad they do not make shoes and sneakers this comfortable..
B000XEACHO for your safety work, it's very safety to use timberland pro men welt waterproof 6&#34; steel toe, for your protection and comfort to use this timberland shoes, i can recomend this product to my friend and family member, for thier own safety,
B000XEACHO So far so good Just received and am currently wearing. I work alot around water and so far feet dry ( should be).  Hopefully, don't have to test the safety toe, but good to have in case toe gets stuck under something heavy.
B000XEAM10 Worn for about a week I've worn them daily at work now for about a week.  It took a few days to get the boots loosened up, but they are pretty comfortable.  Heavier than most work shoes, but we are now required to have safety toes.  A few people say they are nice and professional looking as well.
B000XEAM10 Great quality at a great price! I have owned Timberland PRO boots for several years and have always loved the way they feel all day long. This is the first time that I bought the Lace to Toe Safety boot and they couldn't be better. After one week of wearing them every other day they are broken in enough to now wear everyday. The size runs about normal, maybe slightly big because the toe is so roomy due to the safety toe. I typically wear a 12 or a 13, it all depends on the width as 12M tend to be a little narrow and occasionally too short, but 12M is always the size I order with Timberland boots and they are consistent in my experiences. Why spend $50 more at your local Sears or another retailer when you can have these delivered to your door in a few short days. I ordered on a Friday with the free shipping and had them in my hands three days later on Monday afternoon. Don't hesitate to pick up these quality built boots at a very reasonable price, your feet will thank you for it!
B000XEAM10 Good Quality Boot This is the second time I've bought this model boot.  They break in very quick, have a low odor after a few years and the safety toe doesn't get cold like it does with steel toe.  My last pair the sole cracked after 3 years, but I don't use them every day.
B000XEAM10 Great safety shoe with lots of toe room This is my 4th pair of these boots.  Lots of toe room, very light weight, and last about 1.5 years of extensive wear.  Very comfortable.
B000XEAM10 better than my non-steel toes! These are a worthwhile investment.  I really don't like safety toe shoes in general and was pleasantly surprised by these boots.  Not only are they comfortable, they are lightweight.  They do not feel heavy and clunky like normal safety shoes.  The leather is supple and flexible so there is no break-in time required.  The soles have very good padding.  All of my other boots required inserts but these have held up nicely with the stock insoles.  Two other features that have been helpful are the height of the boot itself and size of toe box.  These are available in wide widths which not only improves comfort, it allows me to get a shorter size making them fit better than getting a half size larger in regular width to achieve the necessary room for my duck shaped foot.  I find the height of the boot to be better than most for my ankles.  Some boots seem to be too high and rub the sides of my lower leg which quickly becomes uncomfortable.  After many miles and long days in the ship yard, these have proven to be the most comfortable safety boots I have ever worn.  I recommend them to anyone needing high quality boots at a reasonable price.
B000XEAM10 My husband loves it Try as he may to find good work boots locally, he always prefers what I buy for him online. These are rugged and fit him well--with the safety toe required at his workplace.
B000XEAM10 Best boot on the market for the price! I have been buying Timberland boots for about 10 years.  I just retired my old pair after 2.5 year of use.  I work in road and bridge construction so my boots get abused.  Concrete, Asphalt, and mud are just a few.  These boots are also very comfortable and the safety toe doesn't pinch your toes.  These are a must try if you have not alread done so.
B000XEAMXS This is a great boot These are by far the best safety boots I have ever owned! The composite toe definetly makes the boot lite, which helps with fatigue.
B000XEAMXS Timberland composite Toe  Great Boot ! Hi, Timberland Boots are a great Fit Highly recommend these boots. They are safety rated and are very comfortable on concrete. The Boots are light weight . The composite safety toe is lighter and neutral to colder weather. THIS IS A GREAT BOOT! BUY IT...
B000XEAMXS This is a great boot These are by far the best safety boots I have ever owned!  The composite toe definetly makes the boot lite, which helps with fatigue.  I work on a concrete manufacturing floor and my feet feel fine after a days work.  Boots breath well and required no break in time with the soft leather.  My previous boots were CAT brand steel toes, which I was constantly putting insoles in to keep my feet from aching.  Overall I am very happy with these boots and will definitely buy them again once this pair wears out.
B000XEAMXS Roomy toe ! Some jobsites require a steel or composite safety toe , normally I would never use them in any daily function. alas Timberland really nailed it with this one I can wear these in all positions crouched kneeling ect ect  in the past it felt like the toe cup on any safety toe would cut the circulation off in any number of areas .. these don't they are roomy and exceptionally lightweight . I even use these from time to time for daily activities because they are exceptionally comfortable . the size d(M) width was sufficient and I have a fairly wide foot . I did upsize 1/2 a size in fear of that toe cup not sure if that was necessary but what's an extra 1/4 &#34; of actual interior room. would buy 5 more pairs for the future if I did not already own 1/2 dozen other pairs of non safety toe's.
B000XEAMXS Its not like the original safety toe The composite toe differs not just in the material of the safety toe, but that is the biggest difference.The composite material weighs noticeable more. Its still a light weight shoe amongst safety boots but if one is concerened with this issue than the original safety is more suitted for you.The top two eyelets are not the same quick lacing eyelets of the regular safety toe.Its a sturdy shoe, but in my opinion its alot better to go with the original.I read reviews discussing the benefits of composite toe material but it doesnt outweigh the cons.
B000XEAMXS The only safety shoes that work for me... I have big feet.  Not just big, but wide.  And tall.  That's a difficult combination for anyone, but especially for a woman.  I am required to wear safety shoes for my job and we are allowed to purchase a new pair every year.  The shoes have to be leather and have a safety toe.  I have bad ankles, so a boot works much better for me since it offers additional support and stability.  I've tried on many pairs from many brands and I always come back to these.  The wide width fits me well throughout.  The fit in the toe box is especially important - this toe box is cut more generously than others I've tried, both in width and height.  The composite toe is wonderful.  It protects while weighing so much less than your standard steel toe.  My only complaint is that the metal eyelets at the top come loose over time.  I wish they'd fix that - it's happened on every pair I've had.  But since nothing else matches the comfort and fit of these for me, I'll keep buying them as long as they make them.
B000XEAPDA Timberlands My husband loves these boots.  This is the 3rd or 4th pair for him.  He normally wears them exclusively 24/7.  We were disappointed in the last pair.  They usually last a year and the last pair didn't.  He likes the composite toe for safety and it doesn't get as cold in the winter as a steel toe boot.  The fit is always perfect.
B000XEAPDA Comfy out of the box, but..... I bought these because of the quality of Timberland boots I've had. I work in industrial/ commercial construction as an electrician. These boots were very comfortable out of the box. I now read reviews to read that the sole cracks at the ball of the foot. I will give them a try and see what happens. They are replacing a great pair of Wolverine boots, but I wanted to try the composite safety toe.
B000XEAPDA An electrcians best friend... I've been an electrician for 15 years and have tried every band of work boot known to man. I was skeptical on purchasing these boots at first due to the negative response from some of the people who purchased them. I decided on the composite toe because I noticed the steel toe boots to be super cold during the winter as well as being heavy. The day the package arrived I was very impressed on the look and feel of the boots. They felt broken in and super comfortable. So far I have about 80 hours on them and they feel great. I highly recommend using saddle soap and polish on a regular basis. I've found that my boots last twice as long under normal boot care. The electrical hazard safety is effective through my own testing.. Great boot for sparkys.
B000XEAPDA comfortable lightweight durable boots I've owned three pairs of these over the last decade or so. Three pairs because it takes years to wear them out. They are great boots... comfortable, cushy insoles, and lightweight for safety toe boots. They look good, too.
B000XEAPDA Best Comfort Safety Shoe These shoes were the most comfortable safety shoes that I could find in a composite toe.  I wanted a lighter safety toe boot and these were the most comfortable.  I did notice a flaw in the stitching on the tongue against the ankle that I had to do some modification.  I noticed this in multiple pairs of these shoes but these still were the most comfortable.  I normally wear 8.5 and I got an 8 in these.  I still have  enough room to wear thick socks that aid in the comfort of the safety toe.
B000XEAPDA Great fit out of the box. I've been wearing timberland safety toe boots at work for years and these are the most comfortable ones yet.  Wore them for 8 hours the first day and felt great.
B000XEAPDA Timberland Pro are simply the best I wear these e every day for 12 hours and they are as comforta le as tennis shoes! The composite toe makes them so much lighter than other safety shoes. A bargain at any price.
B000XEAPDA Amazingly comfortable boots. I was pretty apprehensive of ordering boots over the internet, especially since I live overseas. With the sizing differences between brands, I wasn't sure if it would fit right. Well, when they arrived, they looked pretty good. And the fit? Perfect!Less than a week later, they were broken in perfectly, and they are quite possibly the most comfortable boots I've had on my feet in a very long time, and certainly the most comfortable safety-toe shoes I've ever worn. If you're looking for good looking, hard working shoes, get some of these!
B000XEAPDA Nice comfortable safety toe boots ! I really like this work boot ! It fits very comfortably and the sole design works great I'm able to walk long distances for the whole work day and when I get home my feet are never tired. The non-metallic safety toe works and makes the boots lighter. I'm a licensed electrician and will recommend this product to all the tradesman.
B000XEAPDA Second Pair For those of us who are required to wear safety boots and shoes, these are the lightest and most comfortable I've found.
B000XEEQAI Timberland PRO Men's Titan 6" Safety Toe Boots I've worn these boots for five days now. Without question, the most comfortable steel-toed boots I've ever worn. First pair of Timberlands, but won't be the last.
B000XEEQAI Great Boots I bought these boots about six years ago and have used them in a variety of environments e.g. construction, industrial, etc.  They are still pretty comfortable, although I did wear a hole in the leather on the toe but after six years.  The toe box is roomy and the boots with the titanium safety toe are the lightest pair of boots that I have owned. I am planning on buying another pair to replacement these.
B000XEEQAI Timberland Pro Boots These are top quality and fit perfectly.  If you need a great safety work shoe, you cannot do better than these!!!
B000XEEQAI Ahhh Comfort They fit !!  I am on my feet all day and since buying these boots, I haven't had any aching feet since.Good price, safety toe, comfortable fitting...what more could I ask for.
B000XEEQAI Timberland Boots Most of my safety toe boots, where very uncomfortable and didn't last long at all.. timberland boots are very comfortable and last loner then most of the boots I have worn.. The price.. Cheaper then what you pay in the store.. I saved 30 to 40 dollars on the purchase from here..
B000XEEQAI Product as expected. Great boots.  Typical Timberland quality.  Very comfortable boots with a lighter safety toe that meets the requirement standards I was looking for.
B000XEEQAI Long Lasting, Comfortable Boots These boots are very comfortable and easy to wear. I've worn Timberland PRO Men's Titan 6&#34; Safety Toe Work Boots every workday for six years - that's about 8000+ hours each pair. Just bought my third pair.
B000XEEQAI The most comfortable boot or shoe I ever had beside sneakers I needed boots for work, I previously purchased red wing for their steel toe design. I worn them for 8- 10 hrs a day, at the end of the day my legs were tired and everything hurt because they were so heavy . These safety toe boots are so comfortable I wear them when I'm not working. They are great!
B000XEEQAI Best work boots This is my second pair, most comfortable boot, the soft leather is great for breaking in to your feet. You don't even realize they are safety boot as there is plenty of toe room.
B000XEEQAI Boot This is the very best boot I ever owe I tell anybody to buy this bootTimberland PRO Men's Titan 6" Safety Toe Work Boot
B000XEEQAI So far so good Very comfortable and light. I work 11 hour shifts on deck on ferry boats and I need a light comfortable safety boot. So far these are perfect. I am worried about the durability issues some of the other reviewers mentioned so I will be back in a few months with an update one way or the other.
B000XEEQAI Timberland PRO Men's Titan 6" Safety Toe Work Boot These boots are very comfortable directly out of the box but after a week or so of break in they were even better.  They seem to holding up well to daily wear in various environments.  They are much more comfortable than Rocky's mobilites!!
B000XEEQAI Best for the $$ I've worn safety boots for over 7 years. These are the best I've found for under $150. Comfortable and finally with a decent sized 'toe' if you buy the wide size. Before this I had RedWing, Hush Puppies, CAT (Wolverine?).
B000XEH2JA Great Boot I have gone through a ton of Safety Toe boots and these are the first ones that i really like. I can wear them all day without an issue and they last me well over a year.
B000XEH2JA Timberland PRO Titan Boots I ordered these boots from Australia where I couldn't even try a similar pair on making the buying process a little risky; return postage from here is half the price of the boots. The write up described the comfort factor of the steel toe and that addressed the exact issue I have always had buying safety boots, so I thought I'd risk importing them. It turns out that the toe is wide; comfortably wide enough not to give my feet any friction problems. And the comfort of the whole boot is like they were custom made. So my recommendation of these work boots is 10 out of 10. The best I have tried and I have tried every brand I could in the city where I live.
B000XEH2JA I know I will be using these boots for a very long time I'm a mechanical engineer and I started an internship a few weeks ago and needed some good quality and good looking safety toe boots. I don't know for sure what brought me here in the first place, but I never looked for any other pair of boots and, now that I've been using them for over a week, I can say that I made the best choice I could have. These boots are reaaally confortable and I'm sure they're H.A.M. to break.The safety toe is pretty hard, too, as much as the really cool oil resistant sole that I didn't know of until I got them. I gotta say that I took a leap of faith with the sizing, because some reviews here say that they run small, but I usually go for a 10.5 D(M) US (Converse, Adidas, Puma) and so I did with these boots. They fit as expected and I feel pretty cool with them on, most of all because I know there's almost nothing I can be afraid of in terms of safety. :)
B000XEH2JA Great Work Boot My son wears these as a UPS unloader.  They're comfortable (I expected them to run a little big so I bought a size down from his dress shoe size.)  He works on concrete all day and doesn't come home with an aching back.  The safety toe still sets off the metal detectors, but is a nice option compared to the weight of a full steel toe boot.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Pro Titan safety toe boot #26064 The boot is lightweight for a leather boot with a safety toe.  My husband put in the the green superfeet insoles and immediately loved the fit.  He has been wearing them everyday at work for about a month now and still loves them.  He says they are the best fitting most comfortable work boots he has ever worn.
B000XEH2JA Great boot This is the only safety shoe i will ever buy again. This is my third set in around seven years. Only one I found that the safety tow in wide shoe sizes are also wider. No cramping or blisters.
B000XEH2JA When Safety Shoes Are Required I purchased these after a bit of research into many brands of safety shoes. Job requirements were to purchase Steel or Composite safety toe with EH Electrical Hazard rating and meeting ANSI Z41 PT99 and ASTM F2413-11. There were not too many reviews out there compared to researching cars or cameras... I found a few good reviews for these, I was looking for comfort. After working in them for a full week, they have been very comfortable. On the job for the last 25 years, I have worn boots similar to these, hikers, shoes and sometimes safety sneakers. If you are comfortable in this type of shoe, these are a great choice.
B000XEH2JA Nice Boot The safety toe seems a bit smaller than my previous pairs. Very comfterable boot, but the sole wares very fast.
B000XEH2JA Timberland PRO Men's 26064 Titan 6" Safety Toe Boot,Black I've only been wearing this pair of boots for a week or so now, but they feel good.  It was as if they were already broken in.  Nice metal eyelets and hooks. Roomy toe box, light weight; doesn't even feel like it has a safety toe.  Let's see if they stand the test of time for durability.
B000XEH2JA Soles do not last, but very comfortable. They are extremely comfortable, especially for having a safety toe, but they do not last the day-in-day-out wear at work. You'll be lucky if they last around 3 months before the soles start cracking.
B000XEH2JA great price on some great shoes I ordered these shoes for my husband and he was very pleased to find them at such a good price. He's worn this style before and is pleased to have another pair. As a farmer working around heavy equipment, he insists on safety toe boots. Thank you for making them available.
B000XEH2JA Great boots! Very happy with Boots. Use them for work in a warehouse, can wear them 12 hours or more comfortably. Allows me to do my job while complying with company safety policies.
B000XEH2JA Light and comfortable These are the lightest safety boot I have ever worn. They fit so well that I do my treadmill workouts with them.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Pro Men's 26064 Titan 6" Safety Toe Boot, Black I order these every Christmas for one of my sons. He has been wearing these for 5 years. He works in a machine/welding shop and tried on many boots and states these are the most comfortable steel toed boots he has tried on. He works 8 to 12 hour days up to 6 days a week and has never complained about his feet. He is very pleased with these boots and never even considers changing or trying any other work boots.
B000XEH2JA Great boots Timberland PRO Men's 26064 Titan 6&#34; Safety Toe Boot,Black,10.5 M - I think these are some great boots. This is my 3rd pair that I have bought. I am very rough on boots and these boots are hanging in there. Oldest pair are still going but they don't look good enough for work any more. I use them for dirty jobs and training sometimes. I bought this last pair for back up boots. Also I was worried I might not find them again.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Pro Mens Titan Safety Blackout Leather Boot 11.5 W US This is my second pair of these boots. I bought the oxford last summer and the first time I wore them I had them on for 9 hours no problem. So with cold weather I picked up the boot. Lost them in a fire at the home but while I had them they were very comfortable.
B000XEH2JA Timberland PRO Men 26064 Titan 6&#34; Safety Toe Boot,Black Timberland PROgood boots,I like it, soft, light weight, warm,  nice fit, great leather, low price , I would recommend these shoes.
B000XEH2JA very comfortable boot I bought a pair of these boots last year and loved them so much I bought another pair in case they were discontinued.They are the lightest safety toe boots and so comfortable I wear them most every day
B000XEH2JA Good boots Needed safety toes for work, I have owned two pairs of these before.  They are the most comfortable safety toe boots I have found.
B000XEH2JA Comfortable for a safety toe boot I own a soft toes version of this boot, the best fitting boot and most comfortable I have ever worn.  Fits my feet perfectly.  This safety toe version has been comfortable so far.  Lets see how it holds up to construction site work 12 hours per day.
B000XEH2JA The Only Safety Toe Shoe I Can Wear The only safety toe shoe roomy enough for my wide feet also they are very light and comfortable. The only thing about these shoes that I could complain about is the soles split after a year of hard work.
B000XEIZ7S TIMBERLAND PRO MEN'S 26078 TITAN 6" WATERPROOF SAFETY-TOE WORK EXCELLENT CRAFTSMANSHIPWOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE LOOING FOR A SAFE, COMFORTABLE AND WELL MADE BOOT. DELIVERED AS PROMISED. ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
B000XEIZ7S Excellent Work Boots I'm on my third pair of these boots and love them for these reasons:1. They are lightweight despite the safety toe2. The soft uppers don't pinch and are comfortable to walk in3. The soles stay soft and allow walking on roofsOverall a very good value.
B000XEIZ7S TIMBERLAND PRO SAFETY-TOE WORK BOOT absolute best work boots ive ever had. been working industrial maintenance paper mill scince 1990. i will never own a different brand of boot.
B000XEIZ7S Great work boots These boots are fantastic. If your going to be walking a lot while working these are the ones. The safety toe makes the boot very lightweight. The insoles take very little time to break in.
B000XEIZ7S Great Work Boots These boots are perfect for work! The steel safety-toe is a great security feature that may cost you a little bit, but it's cheaper than crushing your toes!  Working outdoors in the elements is rough on boots, but these waterproof boots hold up to the tests of mother nature.  A little pricey, but a good long-lasting boot is a worthwhile investment!
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable, lightweight toe, soles crack after about a year I just ordered my third pair of these shoes. They are comfortable for safety toe shoes, easy to put on and off, and they don't take too long to break in. The toe is lightweight so it almost doesn't feel like a safety shoe. Safety toes usually cause my socks to keep pulling down, but I don't have that problem too often with these shoes. The only problem is that the sole cracks after about a year's use. They're still wearable like that, but it lets water in if you step in a puddle. They're good shoes, but I wish the soles didn't crack.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots These are really comfortable boots and were quick to break in.  Comfortable to wear all day. Lots of room in the toe box even with the safety toes.I purchased the Waterproof version of these just for the Mocha color so I can't speak to their watertighness.
B000XEIZ7S Great online shoe shopping and a great boot! My husband has always had to drive 50 miles round-trip to the nearest store to purchase this great safety-toe leather work boot. He's had several pair of these. He says the Timberland boot is the most comfortable work boot from the first day he puts it on. Even though it has a safety-toe, it's very lightweight. It's also made very well and holds up to the wear and tear it receives on a construction site.I'm so glad I found this on Amazon and saved having to drive a long way to purchase it for him.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland PRO Safety-Toe Work boots This the 4th pair of Timberland PRO Safety-Toe work boots that I have purchased. They have been comfortable to wear straight from the box. I often wear them all day without my feet getting tired or sore. I wear them as an everyday shoe around the shop and working in the yard.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boots The Timberland Pro 26078 are the best safety toe boots.These boots are very comfertable,I'm on my feet all day at workon concrete floors with no issues of comfort.For safety toe bootthey're not to heavy.
B000XEIZ7S Best Safety Toed shoe I've ever worn Very light-weight, lots of cushion, very comfortable. It is insulated, so they get kinda toasty in the summer. But they really are waterproof. I will buy again next year if still available.
B000XEIZ7S Right out of the box... These boots are some of the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. For safety toes, they ARE the most comfortable. The toe box is roomy and doesn't rub and the inner lining is soft.
B000XEIZ7S Good boots I am a big fan of these particular boots. They are very comfortable, no break in period required. They are very lightweight despite being safety toed and so far appear to be holding up much better than my previous purchase. More to follow as they age
B000XEKCRE Timberland Boots Are Comfortable The #47019 safety toe boots are the best!  The softer sole works better in the very cold temps to keep from slipping on slick metal surfaces.  The waterproofing is great.  Have worn this type for several years, tried other kinds, but without the anti-slip these have.
B000XEKCRE Great boots!! They are very comfortable, but I wish they still had the option to not have the safety toe, those were better
B000XEKCRE Best work boots I've ever had I've been wearing &#34;steel&#34; toes for 4+ years full time and these are far and away the best boots I've had. I specifically look for 8&#34; lace-up waterproof safety toe boots for work and after going through some other major brands and some smaller brands (all for at least 8 months at a time) I can confidently say that these are the most comfortable and lightest safety boots I've had (3 months of full time use at this point). No break-in period to get them comfortable which was an extremely pleasant surprise compared to all my previous boots. The laces are holding up well (other laces would start to fall apart after a month or two) and they don't squeak everywhere I go (another pleasant change compared to other boots). While I haven't functionally tested the safety toe, I appreciate how much lighter the composite toe is compared to the steel ones. I recently bought a second pair as a backup because I like them so much (never felt the need to buy a second pair of any of my previous boots).
B000XEKCRE Outstanding Boots. This is the 5th pair of these timberland pro boots. I am extremely happy with these boots and they last at least a year with daily wear of 10 to 12 hours. Feet stay comfortable all day. Lite weight like tennis shoes soft sole and comfortable inserts. Boots are also waterproof. Wide box safety toe so your toes dont cramp up in these boots.
B000XEKCRE SAFETY BOOTS My son wears these boots for safety but loves how they fit and last.  He wants no other product to wear at work.
B000XEKIUK safety toe worked I'm on my feet all day, walking and lifting heavy stuff, climbing in and out of large industrial  forklifts. these are pretty comfortable boots, not as good as Redwings (what I'm currently wearing).  they did however save my toes when a co worker ran me over with a 7000 LB tractor.  Good Boot for the money, and gave it 4 stars because I still have toes, not five because sizes run small and skinny order wide unless you have really skinny feet.
B000XELF3O excellent safety shoe it's the only safety shoe i'll wear.I've been wearing the same style shoe for five years they are by far the most comfortable.
B000XELF3O best safety shoe Best safety shoe for the money. I have been wearing this shoe for years, it is comfortable and wears well, great price and fast delivery.
B000XELF3O Great safety boot for construction. As a project manager, I need a pair of safety-toed boots for when I visit construction job-sites.  These fit the bill and are surprisingly comfortable.  They feel like pillows under your feet! I'm sure working in these boots day in and day out would be no problem with these boots.
B000XEVJJO tremendous safety shoe A very comfortable boot, comfortable safety and happened at least 16 hours with them on and I do not tire the other foot.
B000XEVJJO Nice design Very good quality and design!It doesnt seems to be a safety shoesMy husband loved it! its very comfortable
B000XEVLF6 A very comfortable work shoe! I work in the construction business, and every day use of protective shoes.Timberland PRO Men's 61009 Mudsill Low Steel Toe Oxford shoes are very comfortableI recommend anyone to buy these safety shoes
B000XEVLF6 Great purchase Comfortable right out of the box.  Great for a job where safety toes are required, but boots everyday is a pain.
B000XEVLF6 Toe Heavy great shoe and fits well. But holding the shoe in my hand, the shoe is very toe heavy, more then I expected. I know its a safety shoe, and I have to have safety shoes for my work (11 years) and this would have to be the heaviest show out there. I love Timberland shoes and I will buy again.
B000XEVLF6 Happy camper in Beantown I wear a size 12 safety shoe at my job. These are pretty light on my feet but you will need a good insert if you are a heavy man like myself. I have two different types of safety shoes and keep changing out between the two every 4 hours. But these are great and well built and i am very happy with them.
B000XEVM50 Better than a boot. Nice looking safety show with lots of traction. What you see is what you get. The only improvement I would make is the insole for added comfort.
B000XEVM50 This is top quality safety footwear. This is top quality safety footwear. I walked through a shallow pool of water and my feet were still dry. Never had it this good with a steel-toe shoe in a very long while.
B000XEVM50 very comfy... i work at a airlibe company and safety shoes are require. those timberland PRO are very confortable and make me a very happy person.
B000XEVM50 Just what I needed ! I had to buy a pair of safety shoes because they are required in some companies I have to travel to.  I needed a lighter weight version because I need to pack them in my suitcase for checking at airports.  These are ideal !  Very comfortable and take up no ore room than a regular pair of shoes.
B000XEVM8W Exactly as described I have a wide foot, these are excellent for work.  Recommend shoes for people who work on their feet and need safety
B000XEVM8W Light weight and comfortable These safety shoes are light weight and very comfortable.  My first pair were tortured for over two years and wore very well.
B000XEVM8W Comfy, stylish, protective! Only safety toed work boots I've ever seen that actually look cool! They're quite comfortable, too. I definitely recommend these.
B000XEVM8W Comfortable pair of safety shoes! I bought this for my dad to work in the airport as a porter. He loves it to the max. Soft and comfortable and I am really happy with the buy.
B000XEVM8W Very good shoes This is my second pair. Very comfortable work shoe! I would recommend this for anyone who needs a safety toe shoe.
B000XEVM8W Comfort, Safety, and Style Right out of the box these Timberlands feel broke in. They provide style and safety to boot !! (pun intended). You won't be disappointed.
B000XEW60K Very comfortable, and nice looking too! I have been wearing Timberland Titan safety shoes for years.  I work as an engineer in a manufacturing environment, so I need a safety shoe that works on the shop floor and in the office.  I was pleased to see that Timberland had added a slip-on shoe to the Titan family.The shoes are well made and as expected, they are just as comfortable on my feet as the lace-up versions.  My one concern is that they are very tight to get on.  I have to use a shoe horn.  Perhaps they will loosen up over time, but I have had them for two weeks and they haven't loosened up yet.  This would count against using them for travel as I do not want to struggle after airport security to get my shoes back on (minus one star).  Other than that, they are a win!  When I come home at the end of the day, my feet don't hurt, even after pounding them on concrete floors all day.  Also, I am not embarrassed to wear them if I have to meet my wife somewhere immediately after work.
B000XEW60K Best Safety Shoes I have been wearing the tie up boots for years at work but there were times I didn't need the boots and the slip on work perfect.  Most comfortable shoes you will ever wear.
B000XEW60K not an everyday safety shoe these fit well and are comfortable.  my complaint is the durability.  the midsole was worn out in less than 6 months.  maybe less than 3 months.  for a salesman that needs an occasional safety toe boot, these would be perfect.  for the everyday factory setting with hours on your feet, these may not cut it.
B000XEW60K These are so comfortable! I love these shoes. Good looking and comfortable! I would recommend them to everyone who needs safety boots. Going to be so nice this hot summer.
B000XEW60K Really good shoe Likes1. Good traction2. Good looking3. Safety toe4. Fit - Be advised I bought these a 1/2 size large because I was concerned about the safety toe and me not being able to use my shoe stretcher.  I also bought them wide for the same reason.  I normally wear a 12.5 but they are hard to find.  So I buy a 12 and use my awesome shoe stretcher to widen and lengthen them.  Works great.  But with a safety to I was concerned that the stretching wouldn't work so I upsized to a 13 2E and put a Dr. Scholl's Active Series Replacement Insole.  Fits perfectly.Dislikes1. Bought a shoe horn to facilitate putting the shoes on.  Just to clarify, once my foot is in the shoe, it fits great.  But getting my foot into the tight opening at the top is tough.  That said, I bought two other safety shoes from another company, same shoe just one was a 12 2E and the other a 13 2E.  The 12 was too small so I returned it fearing if I tried stretching and it didn't work I'd be stuck with them.  Then I got the 13 2E and tried what I did with these and they were so loose at the opening they practically fell off with each step.  My point is that if these shoes had a loose top they would likely do the same thing, so though I'm not crazy about using a shoe horn, which works great, it's better than having shoes that fall off.2. They mar easy.3. They are heavy.  It's a consequence of safety toes but the other safety shoes I returned had a much lighter toe.Overall, very good shoes.  I work in a factory and walk all over the half million plus square feet of the place daily.  They have good traction, and protect my toes from my clumsiness.
B000XEW60K Comfortable and fitting The "Romeo" style steel toe shoes are comfortable and appropriate for the part time safety shoe wearer. Although I believe I only need to wear these infrequently they seem adequately fitting for every day use.
B000XEW60K Fit perfect I looked in all the shoe stores for work shoes, they were either to tight or my foot would slide. I ordered the timberland Pro to try and they were the right fit and very comfortable. I would recommend buying these to anyone who needed safety shoes..
B000XEW60K Best safety shoe ever made. I've been in the production environment for almost 20-years, I've never came across any better safety shoe like this one, it is very comfortable and very good, it is slip free, , it is oil resistance. The manufacturer did a good job and he should keep it up.
B000XEW60K Comfort and Rugged I have owned a pair of these Timberland safety shoes for a year and 6 months now and I love them! They are still as comfortable as the first day and I wear these 6 days a week between 8 to 10 hours a day on asphalt and cement, anyone in aviation maintenance knows what that's like. The fact that they are a bit harder to get on and off (as stated in another review)is actually a plus since this is what a "Safety" shoe should do, I do not want it coming off too easy. These shoes have endured dust, heat, cold, rain and snow and are still in good shape. They fit true to size and I love the arch support which actually puts a spring in your step. You cannot go wrong with these shoes, I highly recommend them.
B000XEW60K Titan Safety and comfort I'm on my feet all day and needed something comfortable, stylish, and protecting..This shoe fit the all the needs..  It feels solid, looks good with jeans and has a strong steel toe..Doesn't look like a work boot, which is a good thing..
B000XEW60K Buy this shoe! Such a comfortable safety shoe.  I actually forgot I was wearing safety shoes while walking around my plant.  I had an uh-oh moment and thought I'd forgotten to change shoes when I got to work and then looked down to see I was okay.  The Outlast material in the shoe really makes a noticeable difference.  Your feet will feel cooler while wearing these as compared to shoes without Outlast.
B000XEW60K Very good product All description was correct about it, nice for work! and use in a free day. Safety can be noice too.
B000XEW60K Good shoes Very comfortable and lightweight safety shoes. The leather seems to be of good quality and these boots are great looking.
B000XEW60K Leg saver Purchased the safety shoes for work, what a difference they make. I had used cheaper safety shoes and my legs would hurt at night, once I switched, WOW I knew I liked the Timberland brand after owning other of thier shoes but these have already paid for themselves in comfort alone.
B000XF04LM A Good Value This is my third pair over the years and I have found these to be a very comfortable and durable safety shoe.
B000XF04LM Easy on the feet I bought these for work over a year ago.  Spend long days on my feet when I wear them.  Not exactly a pair of Clark's (my Favorite shoe brand for non-safety shoes) but one of the most comfortable pair of safety shoes I've ever owned.  They look good and have worn well.The only negative I have is that they really smell bad after being worn.  Just in case you think I have &#34;stinky feet,&#34; this is the only pair of shoes I've ever owned that have had that problem!  :-)  Maybe it has something to do with the material they use...I've never felt like my feet were sweating in them.  Fortunately a pair of inserts took care of the problem.Great value in this pair of shoes!
B000XF04LM safety toe after breaking them in, will be great show .. lots of toe room and comfortable .. not tennis shoes, but good for safety work shoes .. plus look great with slacks
B000XF04LM comfortable work shoes I had a pair of pro titan 6&#34; boots and really liked them. With this purchase I got what I first wanted in a work shoe, a safety toe,and light weight.  My foot is 10 e so I had to order the widest size they offered to get the toe clearance for the safety toe. If this pair lasts the 15 months that my pair of boots did I will be very pleased and reorder them in the future.
B000XF04LM Very good fit Those are the most comfortable safety shoes I try. The only problem seen is they scuff an scratch easily at the toes.
B000XF04LM 4th pair I love these shoes.  They are the best safety toe shoe I have ever worn.  This is my 4th pair.  I wear them every day both in and out of work and they last 1 to 2 years.  Be careful with the size though.  I have gotten a different size every time, and it isn't because my feet change shape each year.
B000XF04LM Great safety shoe I've worn this model shoe for ten years and have found no other the equal the fit, comfort, and durability for the price.
B000XF04LM best work shoe you can buy This is the third pair of these shoes I've owned and they've all fitted perfectly. If you need to wear safety toed shoes then these are certainly worth a look.
B000XF04LM My 4th pair of these boots. I've bought these same work shoes 4 times in the last 6 years.  Each pair lasts me about 18 months with 50-hour per week usage.  The safety toe is comfortable and lightweight.  The leather is rugged and durable.  The mesh lining inside is soft and breathable.
B000XF04LM Titan Safety Toe They fit great and are comfortible all day long. No break in required, just tie the laces and go to work.
B000XF04LM Comfortable Comfortable, doesn't feel like a safety shoe after being on my feet in them for over 10 hours straight.  Size was correct for me.  Using for about a month, seems well-made, but that's not long enough to judge durability.
B000XF04LM Comfort at work Some of the most comfortable Safety Shoes I've ever worn; this is my second pair. Often forget to take them off when I get home
B000XF04LM Titan Pro...the ONLY way to go!! I've been wearing safety work boots every day at work for about a decade.  About 6 years ago I discovered the Timberland Titan Pro and I haven't worn anything else since then.  They are perfect for me.  Perhaps you have your own favorite brand or shoe but my Titan's put to shame any other boot I've ever worn in my life.  Extremely comfortable, durable and stylish.  I love them and, from experience, won't even consider trying another shoe.  Perfect!!
B000XF04LM Timberland PRO I always have good luck with Timberland shoes. I need a safety shoe that look prefessional and provides comfort and safety. 3 weeks in and so far so good.
B000XF04LM Best Shoes I've Ever Owned... For most of the time I worked in the warehouse I wore Vans like I always have. The last like 3 months I've had a pair of Timberland PRO 40044 Titan Safety-Toe Oxford's...let me tell you, amazing..after going from something with no arch support at all to these? It's like night and day. You can't pick them up for about $100-130 regardless of if you use Zappos.com or Amazon.com or whatever. Pesonally I got them through Amazon.com because I have Amazon Prime and they're eligible. They're $123 on Zappos and $100 on Amazon Prime and you get free 2 day shipping with either. Anyway I would HIGHLY recommend them for anyone who's gonna be on their feet for a long time. They're also non-slip and have a composite safety-toe. Seriously, I love these freaking shoes lol. I worked in a warehouse so the outer leather is a bit scuffed but they're in great condition still and they have wonderful arch support. Great great shoes.
B000XF04LM Replacement pair of Timberland PRO Safety Shoes I had a pair of these safety shoes for 6 years wearing them ~30-40% of working days. The original pair were comfortable so I bought a replacement pair of the exact same shoes with exactly the same size (12).  I wore them around the house for a couple of hours and things were fine.  The first trip to a customer site wearing them longerand I noticed my left big toe had some numbness at the end of the day.  I wore them some more for full days and experienced a lot of numbness on my left toes.  I don't know if I can keep wearing them.I was extremely disappointed that I could order the same shoes at the same size and they don't fit the same.  I missed the 30 day return guarantee as I didn't wear them to a work site right away.
B000XF04LM Nice Shoes They are quite light and comfortable for safety shoes and seem well made. I'll probably get another pair when these wear out.
B000XF04LM 2nd Pair of these for me. As mentioned, this is the 2nd pair of these that I've purchased.  The first pair was bought from a mobile safety shoe truck that came to my work.  Price was nearly 30% more than what I paid here at Amazon.I have a normal width foot, but I buy my safety shoes in wide.  This gives me more wiggle room in the toe.  It's just more comfortable for me.My first pair of these lasted 6 years, worn for 10-14h a day... 5 days a week.  Sure they were looking a little rough toward the end there... but that's a heck of a run for a pair of shoes.  When it came time to replace, it was a no brainer to get the same shoe again.  Even found them in black... I'll be ordering a pair of these soon.The composite toe is very light when compared to traditional steel.  The sole is simple, but provides good traction in most conditions.  Laces are adequate.... lasted the full 6y in the old pair.  For me they require little to no break in time.... i wont say they are instantly comfortable out of the box... but close.  I have them on my feet now, day 4 since new.... and they already feel like part of the family.Buy with confidence... these are great work safety shoes.
B000XF04LM Safety Shoes If you are looking for safety shoes with comfort and durabilty these are in that class.  I have purchased and worn Timberland Pro shoes for the last 6 years.  I wore the pair before I purchased these for 2 years. They are great for walking as well and production work conditions.
B000XF04LM Good comfort/good wear The Titan Oxford safety shoe fits as advertised. The oversized toe box and comfort sold me on the first pair I owned.
B000XF04LM Most Comfortable Safety Shoes Ever I began a new job last year and it is required for all employees, even managers, to wear safety shoes.  I have never wore safety shoes and the first pair I purchased hurt my feet terribly.  I asked some other manager what they wore and most wore Timberland PRO safety shoes.  I have wore these now for a few months and my feet are doing fine.  They are actual comfortable shoes that I can wear everyday and when I leave work, my feet do not hurt.  They are actually more comfortable than the regular shoes I was wearing to work that looked like safety shoes.  Next year, when it is time to purchase another pair of safety shoes, I will buy these again.  You cannot go wrong with quality or comfort.
B000XF04LM High quality Nice fit between quality, comfort, safety and look. Wearing everyday on the office, mine site and even hiking.Unfortunately is not waterproof.
B000XF04LM Timberland Safety Shoe My husband needs to wear a safety shoe for work. Timberland is what he wanted and was happy with. The price also was reasonable.
B000XF04LM Nice shoe, could use a little bit more padding. I need safety shoes for work, but I have wide feet so I searched around for a while until I found these.These definitely are a bit more expensive than most, but are well worth it, if you ask me. They are MUCH lighter than typical safety shoes since the toe is titanium, and not steel. They are pretty comfortable, but I do wish they added a bit more padding for the toes, as mine usually get sore by the end of a 9 hour work day. I'll likely end up buying an insole.
B000XF04LM Timberland PRO Men's Titan Safety Toe Oxford,Brown,10 M Good fit-Comfortable and  Great  price! I like the Timberland titan line-Less weight and non of the issues of composite.Good deal.
B000XF04LM Best safety shoe This is the second pair I've ordered of this shoe. The first pair lasted 2 years, and that includes a sulfuric acid spill that pock-marked one of them. And they don't look stupid. Why is it that some safety shoe makers feel the need to put things like orange and black stripes on work shoes anyway?Pros: Stylish, comfortable, light, long-lastingCons: no ankle support, if you need it
B000XF04LM Tiberland PRO are the most comfortable This is my third pair of Timberland PRO with the composite safety toe. My second pair of oxfords. I must say that the Tiberland PRO line of boots are the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn. I can work all day on my feet and often will go home and continue to wear my boots because I do not feel the need to imediately remove them when I get home, like most of the other boots I have owned. I have found with other boots that my toes will rub against the safty toe and cause blisters but not with the Timerland's. I have never had that problem with any of the Tiberland PRO's I have owned.I can't find a single problem with these boots and I would recomend them to anyone who requires a safety boot for work.
B000XF04LM Just what my feet needed! I ordered these shoes because my employer changed their policy on the personel having a safety shoe on the floor. I work a night shift & have employees in two buildings. Lots of walking all night! I am very flat footed & have issues finding a regular shoe, besides a safety shoe. I did some research & decided to try these. I was a little unshure the first day, but knew by the second that they would be fine. They are true to size in my case as I was having problems finding a 12-4E oxford in any brand! I have been wearing them for weeks now & they are doing great! My big flat feet are not mad after 10-12hrs on the shop floor. They seem to clean easily, but do scuff. They polish nicely though. Quite comfy for a safety shoe. I would say give them a try if you need a comfy safety shoe. They have worked for me quite well. I hope they last a while too. Time will tell.
B000XF04LM functional safety shoes I should mention that I am wearing the safety shoes because I have to walk into Engine testing rooms to connects bnc cables and make changes to software. So I don't really need safety shoes but wear it to satisfy the law around such establishments. This shoe is acceptable at all my customer sites and is comfortable to walk around with.Only complain is, this looks ugly as f*** :(
B000XF04LM Shoes fit well and Perfect for an Engineer that needs to get out on the shop floor where safety shoes are required.  These are much more comfortable than any of the boots I tried on at a local boot store.
B000XR2GN4 Love these boots but.. I had this exact boot before.  Went to a Red Wing and back to these.  The Medium correlates to a D which is a little wide for me.  My other pair was perfect, these are wide.  Tough to buy shoes online.  I should have paid better attention I suppose.  The toe is wide like the safety toe boots I tried on locally.  I thought the soft toe wouldn't look so bulky toed but it does.  Perhaps the Timberland Pro Men's Titan 6&#34; Soft-Toe Boot changed a little over the years.  Great comfort and durability.
B000XR2W1U Just may be the BEST!!! The box was so light I thought I was gettng kid shoes. They are true to size and very comfy. I need comfort while running 12 hr shifts in an ambulance. Feels more like a tennis shoe than a boot. If you have wide feed I suggest getting a wide boot I have narrow feet so this padded well but may be too much if I had wider feet. Well worth the money I think I like these better than Red Wings. It was so hard to find a nice looking boot for woman and one that is comfortable and a safety boot. I could only find NICE Red Wings without a safety toe. Which is not safe when getting patients from and accident scene.  I hope I can find some in a 9" so I can wear them while on military duties. I am very pleased and would recommend. Do not buy Bates save your feet buy these. They are awesome.
B000XR2W1U A good work boot This is a good work boot- I've gotten a similar pair by Timberland for my past two pairs of work boots.  They don't last as long as my work boots used to- there's no chance of resoling because the whole inside of the boot wears out before the tread- but that's not just this brand.  These actually took a little more breaking in than my previous pairs- maybe they'll hold up better?  The boot overall is a little heavier than my last pair, too, but the safety toe is not particularly heavy, which is nice.  I have narrow feet, but two pairs of socks make these a good fit.  In any case, these were a good price, a good fit, and I'm pleased with my purchase.  I'd recommend to women who need work boots, especially if you need/ want a safety toe, since they are more comfortable than a lot of steel toe boots I've worn.
B000XR4IXA Timberland Pro Women's titan 6" Waterproof Safety Toe Boot I love the fit; it could not be better!But, they look different than the pair I purchased as a National Park employee in July of 2012.The leather of this new boot has the appearance of a cheesy Walmart product.But, because of the incredible fit, I'm keeping them as their outside appearance will be altered fairly quickly because of my daily  usage and the type of work I do.
B000XR4IXA Fulfill expectations! My wife needed to work at a brewing environment, the safety toe y super comfortable and slip resistant rubber sole she feels better than her old boots, I would give them five stars if they're more estetically designed. Waterproof could be improve with a rubber 3 inches high protection in all sides
B000XR4IXA Best Comfort, Great Construction These are the only shoes that'll do. Since we adopted a safety-toe policy at my workplace, these are the only boots that fit and last as needed (two years if you dare). I work in a very dusty and occasionally oily environment. Most boots lose their stitching, wear through to the safety-toe, and frankly, hurt too bad to wear. The cushion in these shoes are like walking on air in comparison. It may take me next to a week to get used to a new pair (mostly my heels), but it's far better than the torture any other brand/style has been like.If you are on your feet in an industrial or outdoor setting, try these out. They fit pretty much as expected. I did not need a wide, as I sometimes do, and took the half size I normally do. This equals for me a Sketcher fit. Or one half above Reeboks. Hope that helps.Only one thing wears on these boots, but it does not effect my job. We do a bit of crouching at work, and as a result the soles of most shoes split. I have yet to experience any bleed through of moisture, so I could care less.I have walked miles in these boots and will attest that they are more comfy than my favorite tennies. No lie. Once broken in, the only thing you might wish for is a set of odor eaters.Once you try these, you won't be able to switch.
B000XR4IXA Timerberland Pro This is a great boot!  Most important, it's comfortable.  I've worn other safety toe boots that were aweful.  With the Timberland you can't feel the toe enclosure and the foot bed is very soft yet supportive.  Also, the waterproof factor has been put to the test and has passed with flying colors; dry socks all round!  The only con is that I would like to see the laces just a bit longer.
B000XR4IXA Women's Timbrland Pro 6 Waterproof Safety Toe Tital Boots Looked all over town for a pair of LADIE's workboot, nothing so i decided to check out Amazon where I always turn to if I need something.  Bingo lots of choices, but I went with this boot afte reading one of the reviews.  All I have to say is that I am 61 years and I have 3 acres, these boots feel like I am walking on a cloud.  They are not heavy, look great and no breaking in.  Excelent boots, so very happy with my purchase.  I recommend these highly!
B000XR4IXA Sturdy, comfortable safety toe boots These boots were purchased for use around horses in the pasture and stable.  They were comfortable right out of the box.  Not the "soft pillow" kind of comfortable, but just a "perfect fit with no discomfort whatsoever" kind of comfortable.  They feel sturdy, but no breaking in of the boots (or  feet!) were required.  Also, they support the ankles nicely without feeling tight or restrictive.  They felt a little heavy at first, but within minutes of walking they were hardly noticeable.They ran true to my normal size in most shoes, but having bunions, many shoes can be unbearable if they're too narrow.  Medium, B US in this boot fit perfectly.I like the length of the laces; just long enough to easily tie a double knot without having a lot of extra lace dangling.  Also, these have the type of laces that don't loosen up and come undone while you're walking.A horse hasn't stepped on the toe yet, so I can't attest to how well this safety toe will hold up to that.  I also haven't stepped in a deep puddle to fully test the waterproofing; however having walked through mud, horse manure and tall, wet grass & weeds, the waterproof liner wasn't breached.  Debris doesn't seem to get trapped in the ridges on the bottom of the boots, either, so clean up is quick and easy with a damp rag.The picture, including the color, is 100% true to life.  Even though these are steel toed work boots, I think they're very handsome.  I highly recommend these boots - they're well made and worth every penny!
B000XR4IXA Great for the price I'm in the tree service business so need something for tromping over logs, in wet grass, protection from falling things (logs, chain saws, etc.).  These are very comfortable compared to the last pair of steel toe boots (Safety Girl).  My first pair of Timberland was field boots in childs size.  Was excited to find a real woman size with safety toe.
B001C4CIP8 Very comfortable meta boots My husband is a welder and is required to wear these certain boots for safety. These are the most comfortable that we have found for him. The sale price was $80 less then here locally at the shoe store!
B001EBA784 Sooo Good. These boots are amazing!  I work as a mechanic, so I needed some boots that were going to be comfortable and that would offer some protection.  These boots are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned.  These boots are the only ones that I have tried hat give you room to move your toes and still have a safety toe.  They have a really good toe in them too.  I was weary about buying shoes online, partly because i have big feet (size 15) and partly because a lot of the time they don't fit.  Timberland gets it.  Comfort, Safety and a good price.  You cant beat it.
B001FXZU92 these are the best work shoes i have owned . These are my four pair i owned . The shoes fit great and would order again from this company . Would only buy this brand since they last the longest and have great safety features in them.
B001FXZU92 Love 'em I'm in sales for construction supplies and spend my days on jobsites. I don't do the heavy lifting but I wear them all day everyday. These are so comfortable that I forget that I'm wearing heavy steel toe boots all day. I get an allowance every year for safety boots and I will continue to buy these year after year
B001FXZU92 Great buy Recently bought a pair of Timberland PRO Men's Endurance 6" Safety toe Work Boot on line. The price was at least $20 less than local stores, even with shipping and they had the right size. Local stores needed to special order my size. Have been wearing them 3 weeks with no complaints. Im on my feet 8 to 10 hours a day. Great fit and comfortable.
B001GB379I Excellent Safety boat Metguard Steel-Toe Boot for Professional...!!! I bought for I wear to work, comfortable more confidence and no doubt to it...GReAT...!!!I changed company safety shoes with better model also type without sacrifice regulation/standard.
B001PBK87I Comfortable boots These are typical of Timberland Pro boots, well made and very comfortable.  This version is not a safety toe however.I applied a waterproofing wax called Sno Seal and melted it in so they should be good for the winter.
B001PBK87I It's a great boot, but doesn't have hard toe safety Safety hard toe is a must in my boots. I love these boots when I got them, but soon realized they were soft toe. Anyway, I returned them just for that reason. I gotta have that safety feature, so only 4 starts.
B001PUF93C Good buy! I've had these for about a month. They are solid construction and seem to be holding up well. they are a bit heavy, but to be expected from a shoe with added safety features. Overall, I am very happy with them and feel that they were worth the cost.
B001PUFSW4 Very Comfortable I had broken my ankle a few years ago and have had a hard time finding comfortable safety shoes ever since. I am standing and waking on concrete floors for 8 hrs a day and these are  the most comfortable shoes i've had. They are my second pair.
B001PUFSW4 comfortable for daily work wear I was nervous when ordering these because I had just retired some high top Georgia lace up boots that had lasted me three years, and I was afraid that these tennis shoe looking things wouldn't offer the same support!  I was pleasantly surprised, they broke in fast and are extremely comfortable.  They look a lot better that my previous boots and the safety toe seems pretty sturdy.  I wear them daily and am on my feet all day as a mechanic, I have even used them for hiking and horseback riding in a pinch.  The only thing I would suggest is not wearing those tiny foot socks, get something that at least covers to the top of your ankle.
B001PUFSW4 Timberland Pro I love the quality of the Timberland Pro Series, this is my 4th boot in this family. I needed a shoe and this is near perfect.  I am required to wear safety toe, /eh rated boots for work and these are super comfortable and would never know these are safety toe.
B001PUFSW4 Available in Brown & Black This shoe in brown: Women's Timberland Pro Titan 63189This shoe in black: Women's Timberland Pro Titan 90670I'm providing this information in hopes that it will help others in their search: In my research, I was unable to locate a single site that listed this shoe as being available in both brown and black. Most of the sites I found that carried the shoe in one color, did not carry it in the other. Even Timberland's site lists it as two different shoes. Most sites had incomplete information about the shoe as well - in particular, a complete list of its safety features and ratings. It was by piecing together info. I'd gathered on the two shoes that I finally figured out they both have the same cut (oxford) and style as well as safety features.Both the Women's Timberland Pro Titan 90670 (black) and 63189 (brown) oxford safety shoes are electrical hazard-rated, steel-toed and (the sole) slip and oil resistant. They're comfortable - the insole is nicely cushioned and, even w/ a steel toe, the weight isn't too heavy either. I have bad knees that balk when I wear my heavy safety boots. They haven't kicked up a fuss yet after a long day wearing these shoes.There are, however, two issues that I've recognized thus far:(1) The tongue slips down - folding in on itself where the steel toe ends - at the joints between my foot and toes.This issue was very bothersome and, fortunately, easily remedied. Using a fresh (clean & sharp) new blade in a box cutter - careful to avoid cutting through the underside of the tongue - I cut two slits ~1/4" apart and ~1/2" long - centered vertically just below the stitching of the (top-most) portion of the tongue (the portion that has the logo stamped impression on it). I then threaded the lace from the 3rd eyelet (counting from the toe) through the slits I'd created. This keeps the tongue in place - from slipping down onto my toes.(2) There's a bit of slip at the heel. I toyed w/ the idea of returning them for a half size smaller but thought better of it. That 1/2 size smaller might be too tight - particularly after being on my feet all day. As I don't do a great deal of walking (e.g. all day up and down an enormous production floor), the minor slipping hasn't been a problem. This may not be the case for those who do a great deal of walking. In that event, you'll likely want a closer fit.In summary, the shoes could be built built better (tongue and heel issues) as well as marketed better. Unfortunately, there are very limited options for women in safety-rated shoes and boots. On the whole, for the money and the safety features and given the limited options in women's safety shoes, this shoe is a good buy.I've shared a link - below - to an interesting site I ran across when researching how to remedy the tongue slipping issue. I never knew there were so many ways to tie shoelaces and how doing so differently can change how the shoe fits/feels on one's foot.[...]
B001S5X31E Titan terrain with safety toes This is my second pair of this model, I work on concrete for 8-12 hours a day and these boots are very comfortable even with a safety toe.  I also use them as riding boots, the side padding and water proof features rival riding boots of much higher cost.
B0029XG3OS perfect safety antifatigue work boot These boots are truly as good as they sound.  They have anti-fatigue technology for those who are on there feet all day which helps with knee and back issues, they have non-slip soles, they are steel toe, they have thinsulate lining which doesn't overheat, they are water resistant, and they look good too!  The only thing that I would like to mention is that my husband found that these were a little snug, particularly in the steel toe area.  If the person wearing these regularly wears thick socks you might want to consider going up a half size or one category wider--otherwise, the fit will be snug but true at your regular size.  However, if you wear a Wide do not try to get by with a non-wide shoe in this boot, you really need to stay true to your size in this wonderful shoe.  I searched through hundreds of boots before finding this one and was shocked to find that Amazon had it for almost fifty dollars cheaper than what the average price was that I had found.  This is an excellent shoe and really worth the investment.  I have seen a few people here and there who have complained and given bad reviews for this particular shoe but I honestly do not know what they are talking about.  This boot is perfect for those who work in an environment which needs safety and slip resistance and the extra umph of antifatigue technology to help those who are on there feet all day to prevent knee and back pain.  In summary, overall a magnificent product.  My only caution would be to let folks know that this is a pretty heavy boot.  This is a substantial manly boot, if that isnt what you want then perhaps this product is not for you.
B002ASAKN2 Best Boots Ever! I have purchased three pairs of these boots now and can't imagine purchasing any other type of work boot.  My company requires both electrical hazard protection and crush resistance and these boots meet the required standards.  They also have other cool safety features like slip/skid resistance, ladder hook heal, puncture resistant sole, and water proof membrane.  All that plus they are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  The &#34;Anti Fatigue&#34; technology is really no joke, they are more comfortable for standing long periods than my Nike Shox.  I have gotten up to two years of fairly constant use out of them before, but that was pushing it, I try to buy a new pair every year.Pros:Tons of safety features.Great DurabilityExtremely comfortableCons:Cost (but the value is good, just not inexpensive)I would definitely recommend these boots!
B002ASAKN2 Workboot loaded with safety features Great work boot!Love the safety features including steel toe,puncture resistant,electrical hazard and slip resist. Extremely comfortable for a work boot. Had 2 pairs.1st pair only lasted 3 months before they ripped at the seams.Returned to Timberland with no hassle(Where it was determined to be a faulty pair).2nd pair lasted 1 year to date.
B002YOMJPY Trekking Purchased January 2014 and haven't had any issues.  Comfortable and waterproof. What more could you ask for?  Maybe the boot could have a safety toe cap.
B0039ZD3MK Excellent safety I bought these boots 1 month ago and last week they saved my foot from being crushed by a 3 ton forklift that accidentally ran over my foot.The steel toe got deformed but my foot just suffered a concussion.  Excellent safety shoes and comfortable as well.
B003NUQYC2 Nice Boots Am not a big fan of safety toe boots at all but if you must wear them these are the best I have tried. Not too heavy or hot and hold up well. Good boots.
B003NUQYC2 Comfortable worn for 6 months, fits well and comfortable. recommended for those who wear safety shoe for a long period. reasonably priced.
B003NUQYC2 nice i got these for my brother, he loves them and says they're very comfortable and very good for his work (he's an engineer and needed a pair of shoes with safety toes). fits true to size.
B003NUR4P8 A quality, light weight safety boot The Timberland Titan Trekker fit well and is quite comfortable.  I wear them 8-10 hours per day, every day of the work week.  These are the lightest safety toe work boots I have owned over the past 15 years (even lighter than my previous aluminum toe Red Wing boots).  Overall, these boots appear to be well made.  The toe box on these boots is relatively roomy, especially compared to the options of women's safety shoes (it seems women's safety shoes have become narrower over the past several years).  My one complaint is that the laces are a tad too short.  The laces would have been better if they were about 1.5&#34; - 2&#34; longer.
B003NUR4P8 It is not waterproof It is not waterproof on snow and in rainy dayNot so comfortable. Little heavy for all day using. Good Titan safety toe
B003NUR4P8 Quality with little compromise Searched months to find the ultimate hiker-style boot for heavy-duty yard work and general wear.  Boots had to offer at least waterproof properties and a safety toe. Tried Chippewa IQ- 6" Composite Toe #55161 but found them lacking for reasons explained in my review for them.  Also considered Timberland PRO Titan Trekker #53526's but ordered a pair of these Timberland PRO #85520's for not much more money and have found them to be keepers.Besides the safety toe and attractive, rich-brown color of the waterproof leather upper and membrane, the boots feature metal lace eyelets and the speed loops even have alternative lace holes not apparent on images.  And because of the full grain leather upper, I expect these boots will clean easy with a splash from the garden hose.  I frankly prefer the more aggressive sole of the Chippewa's to assist on hills but this boot's rubber sole also seems durable.  Vibram soles like those offered on Red Wing 6674's would have been ideal.  Have read of complaints about the sole separating from some Timberland Pro's and cracking but time will tell whether that's an issue.  Also like the bumpers on the toe and back.  Boots feel neither light nor heavy and unlike the Chippewa's, these boots don't feel loose as they have a fourth loop toward the  toe box.  Rather than mittens, the boots feel like gloves.
B003NUR4P8 Comfortable and light weight safety shoes. This boot is very comfortable and light.But I feel the Side wall leather is too light and not thick enough to resist impact.
B0049N0O1Y Timberland Pro Great boots. Fit well, feel good, a very quality product. I wear these boots in a steel toe safety boot for work, and these are for daily use, around the house jobs etc.
B004PNE720 Good, comfortable boots I've had these for a few months now and they are extremely comfortable.1/2 day break-in and they're good to go.I have heard bad reviews about the longevity of these, but I'm in an indoor environment that requires safety-toed, EH rated boots.So far they're holding together well.
B004PNE720 Great boots and would buy again. These are high quality boots.  I have used Timberland PRO Titan safety boots in the past and they are relatively light weight for steel toed boots.  Once you break them in a little bit they are very comfortable and can hold up to some punishment.  I'm sure they would even last longer if I did my part and kept them clean and treated with mink oil or other waterproof leather protector.  I just use and abuse and they hold up well and have protected my foot when a heavy oak log rolled back on me.  Without the steel toe I'm certain I would have been in a lot of pain or possibly broken my toes.  I like the comfort so much that I wear them a lot even when I don't need the safety toe protection.  I did however just order a different pair of Timberland Pro's for around $65 (Amazon) that is the non-safety toe variety.
B004PNE720 Safety boots Very very very confortable, I think that it can be the most succesfully purchase that I have never made. Buy IT
B004PNE720 Great so far Without too much time on the job site, these boots are performing as expected so far. The safety toe takes a little getting used to as this is my first pair of construction boots. One side felt a little more snug than the other when first put on, but they feel the same now.Got these off a recommendation from a construction company's project manager. Says these will be around for a long time.
B004PNE720 Solid work boots These boots are comfortable and tough. I have had them for over a month and they have performed well. Break in time was minimal, just a couple days which is typical for a leather boot. I found the sizing to be right on what I normally wear.My previous safety boot was the 6&#34; Timberland PRO Titan which I wore for a few years. The fit is similar between the two models, but so far I find the Helix to be more comfortable than the Titan, especially after standing or walking for extended periods of time. I often have to wear my work boots on icy surfaces, and the sole on the Helix performs better than the sole on the Titan did.
B004PNE720 Nicely Made and very comfortable...  Just very slow getting here From the moment I put them on these boots were very comfortable.  The leather is soft and break in happened within one day.  I have wide feet, so buying comfortable footwear has been a challenge.  I was very please to see these offered in &#34;EE&#34; sizes.  They are light weight for a safety boot, and the insole supported my feet very nicely.  Overall I am very happy with the boot itself.Shipping however was overly lengthy in my opinion.  Despite the New Years holiday it took 10 days to arrive. These were shipped to the USA from Canada, so that might explain things.  It would have been nice if I was told that up front. But it wasn't until the boots were actually shipped 4 days after I ordered them that the actual arrival time was updated.If you need solid, dependable, comfortable safety boots, then this is it
B004PNE720 So comfortable!!! I would recommend these boots to anyone who has to be on their feet all day. These boots run circles around other work boots I've tried. Very light weight for a safety toe boot
B004RQ1JH6 timberland esd steel cap safety shoes. Nice comfortable steel cap safety shoes. Look smart and offer great protection. Only reason I did not give them a 5 star, the 10.5 size was a half size bigger than my other 10.5 shoes.
B004RQ95Q8 Great safety shoe I have been using Timberland Pro Safety shoes for several years now.  I have tried other brands but did not like the way they felt on my feet.  This particular model is loaded with safety features and cost much less than a similar pair of Red Wing Safety Shoes I had considered.  They feel true to size, and are very comfortable. All their Titan series shoes come with a strong but light weight titanium safety toe box. It helps keep them reasonably light weight. They are not waterproof, but I treated them with a good quality water seal when I first got them and they are performing well under wet conditions (the color darkened a little with the sealer I used, but that is alright.).  I will stay with Timberland Pro series shoes.
B0054HM3YA Very comfortable!! I've been wearing safety boots for about 24 years. These are easily one of the best I've purchased. Will buy again!
B0054HM47Q Great safety toe shoe I had these in tan/blue, and I wanted a darker pair, so I got these. These are comfortable and lightweight because of the alloy ( vs. steel) toe. They look and feel like a regular hiker.
B0054HM5AM Great safety toe shoe I already had a pair of these safety toe shoes for work, wearing them for about 6 weeks. I liked them so much that I ordered an extra pair. They are extremely comfortable and lightweight.  I am on my feet all day in a manufacturing environment.  Other steel toes made my feet ache - not these, they are just as comfy as regular hikers.  These do not look like some typical safety toes - the width looks normal in the toe area.  For the tan/blue, its a nice lighter, neutral color.
B0054HM5AM So comfortable! Most comfortable safety shoes I have owned.  I have worn them a couple of days now.  I have had other Timberland Pro shoes in the past and the brand is very comfortable and the styles are great.
B0056ROT7M Good They fit well and are about as good as your going to get in terms of a dressy office safety toe shoe.
B005FM5Q3O Love it! They fit perfectly. They are durable and flexible at the same time. Closed toe adds an extra safety for their toes during play.
B005I6YJW6 Shoe is comfortable to walk long distances Shoe is comfortable to walk long distancesNot the quality and comfort of previous models such as  Titan Safety-Toe Oxford
B006T2Z940 Good Quality Boot Price is good.A comfortable work boot.Took a few days to brake in.Just remember they are safety toe boots.
B006T307QE FYI ST means safety toe not soft toe! Whoops. I liked the look and feel. I ordered a half size too large thinking they would be too narrow. They were not. I'm a 10 in every other brand and if they would have been the right size and soft toed they would have been great. I thought they were a bit heavy and rigid and the safety toe bit into the side of my foot when crouching.
B006T307QE The Perfect Boot! As a postal worker, I am on my feet all day. These boots are not ready to go out of the box. They take about 30 walking hours to break-in. Once they are broken in, they are AMAZING! The safety toe and waterproofing make them a must have for any task outdoors.
B006T307QE great boots These boots are exactly what I needed. Very comfortable and light for safety toes. Not to mention they look good. Many complements on them. Will buy again.
B006T30U8E Great boot Looks great, very comfortable, light weight for safety toe.Fits slighty large, normally wear a size 11 and the 10.5 fit perfectly.
B006T32HSK Best Price Anywhere I looked and looked for comfortable composite toe safety boots.  I tried on all the usual brands that made steel toed and composite toed boots like Danner, Rocky, Converse Redwing, etc etc.  You name them I tried them on.  I never knew Timberland was anything but a so so hiking boot.  When the sales clerk encouraged me to try on the Timberland PRO I was shocked!  This is the best boot I have ever worn.  The composite toe is there but honestly you can't even tell it's there.  These boots are insulated so they are really warm working outside all day in winter.  I hope these are made without insulation so I can get a pair for summer.
B006T32TKG BE Careful.... From the description these boots said, COMPOSITE SAFETY TOE....upon arrival I noticed the box said SOFT TOE. Hoping it was just a mismatched box and my new insulated safety toe boots were awaiting inside....NOT the case the boots matched the description on the box and not the website. Called Amazon and currently trying to get this resolved. Anyone else reading this looking for the SAFETY TOE boots, try searching Amazon for 'Boondock Pro 89628'.
B006T32TKG From the safety toe to the top of the laces , Iam very pleased with the comfort and warmth of this boot ...I The Timberland Pro Line Work Boots are extremely comfortable whether its Summer Boots or Winter Boots they never let me down .
B006T32TKG Unreal comfort in rugged boot ! Wish the Safety Toe version came in dark brown ! I have owned Timberland's before and never been unhappy.Great boots.  These take the cake !
B006T32TKG Not a safety toe boot NOT  COMPOSITE SAFETY TOE AS PER DESCRIPTION. I will have to return because i need safety toe boots for work.
B0091HJZQI Great Boots For Working In Fuel Environment I bought these Timberland PRO Men's 90651 Work Boots back in May 2013. I've worn these boots now for about 4 months. They are comfortable virtually from the start. Took only about 3 days for a minor break in period. I haul fuel daily for a living and I need boots that will hold up in a harsh environment. My boots will get doused in gas and diesel on a daily basis, so they need to be tough and because of the price, long lasting. These boots so far are holding up very well. I wear them 10-14 hours a day and they are comfortable for that length of time. Minimal wear on the soles to this point. I previously wore Wolverine boots but the last two pairs barely lasted a year, and I had been getting a year and a half to two years out of them. So no more Wolverine boots due to quality decline. I opted for the Timberland PRO's because of the fuel rated materials. Gas and diesel is hard on boots, both the soles and the leather. I am happy with these boots so far. These boots are waterproof and have a composite safety toe. The only negative is that these boots are made in China. I really wish these were made in the USA.Timberland PRO Resistor WP 6-Inch Safety Toe Boot:- Seam-sealed waterproof leather uppers for durability and dry, comfortable feet- Composite Toe Non-metallic, non-magnetic toe cap resists corrosion and meets ASTM F2412-05, F2413-05, I75 and C/75 impact and compression safety standards- Direct-inject construction for durability- Padded top collar for comfort- Lightweight polyurethane midsole for flexibility and cushioning- Mesh lining with Agion antimicrobial treatment for odor control and comfortable feet- Nylon shock-diffusion plate for support and torsional rigidity- New dual-density anti-fatigue technology absorbs shock and returns energy at key zones of the foot- Outsole features an abrasion-, slip- and oil-resistant sole, tested for volume swell using EN345 TMP ASTM fuel A 7 Diesel ISO 1817 liquid F for 22 hours and ASTM IRM903 & Fuel B for 46 hours- Electrical hazard protection meets ANSI Z41PT99, ASTM F2412-11, ASTM 2413-11 and F2892-11 standards to provide protection from open circuits.- 30-Day Comfort Guarantee: If during the first thirty (30) days following your purchase you believe our footwear is not more comfortable than other brands you have worn, Timberland will refund the purchase price of the boots to you, no questions asked, provided you still have your dated receipt of purchase. Contact Timberland customer service at 1-800-445-5545
B009R8KH18 Happy for now! Had to modify them to fit my boots! But they feel good so far! Ordered some timberline safety boots but they haven't came yet! I might order another pair, insoles that is.
B00B0DPJX4 Available In Black & Brown This shoe in black: Women's Timberland Pro Titan 90670This shoe in brown: Women's Timberland Pro Titan 63189I'm providing this information in hopes that it will help others in their search: In my research, I was unable to locate a single site that listed this shoe as being available in both brown and black. Most of the sites I found that carried the shoe in one color, did not carry it in the other. Even Timberland's site lists it as two different shoes. Most sites had incomplete information about the shoe as well - in particular, a complete list of its safety features and ratings. It was by piecing together info. I'd gathered on the two shoes that I finally figured out they both have the same cut (oxford) and style as well as safety features.Both the Women's Timberland Pro Titan 90670 (black) and 63189 (brown) oxford safety shoes are electrical hazard-rated, steel-toed and (the sole) slip and oil resistant. They're comfortable - the insole is nicely cushioned and, even w/ a steel toe, the weight isn't too heavy either. I have bad knees that balk when I wear my heavy safety boots. They haven't kicked up a fuss yet after a long day wearing these shoes.There are, however, two issues that I've recognized thus far:(1) The tongue slips down - folding in on itself where the steel toe ends - at the joints between my foot and toes.This issue was very bothersome and, fortunately, easily remedied. Using a fresh (clean & sharp) new blade in a box cutter - careful to avoid cutting through the underside of the tongue - I cut two slits ~1/4" apart and ~1/2" long - centered vertically just below the stitching of the (top-most) portion of the tongue (the portion that has the logo stamped impression on it). I then threaded the lace from the 3rd eyelet (counting from the toe) through the slits I'd created. This keeps the tongue in place - from slipping down onto my toes.(2) There's a bit of slip at the heel. I toyed w/ the idea of returning them for a half size smaller but thought better of it. That 1/2 size smaller might be too tight - particularly after being on my feet all day. As I don't do a great deal of walking (e.g. all day up and down an enormous production floor), the minor slipping hasn't been a problem. This may not be the case for those who do a great deal of walking. In that event, you'll likely want a closer fit.In summary, the shoes could be built built better (tongue and heel issues) as well as marketed better. Unfortunately, there are very limited options for women in safety-rated shoes and boots. On the whole, for the money and the safety features and given the limited options in women's safety shoes, this shoe is a good buy.I've shared a link - below - to an interesting site I ran across when researching how to remedy the tongue slipping issue. I never knew there were so many ways to tie shoelaces and how doing so differently can change how the shoe fits/feels on one's foot.[...]
B00B7GRUKY Good work shoes A little on the heavy side for lowtop shoes but that is due to the sole and safety toe. I have to wear ESD safety toe shoes at work and I hate dealing with heel straps so these work quite well. They take a short bit to break them in and the insole still feels a little hard on my feet when walking back and forth through the plant (concrete floors). Also, they don't have enough breathability in my opinion as my feet warm up in most shoes. Otherwise, these look quite nice and perform to the general standard I was looking for.
B00B7GRUKY Best safety shoe I have ever worn most comfortable, lightest safety shoe I have ever worn. feels like any other boat shoe, cant tell it is a safety toe shoe. highly recommend if you need a safty shoe and want casual comfort as well.
B00B7GRUKY Comfortable, casual safety shoe Lightweight & comfortable for a steel toe work shoe, no break in required. Seems to run about 1/2 size large
B00BH0B7KE Medium fits like a wide. I ordered these to replace an older pair of nearly the same boot.  My older pair was an 11 wide as that was all that was available in the store at the time.  I normally wear a 10 1/2 M in most shoes.  The 11 gave me some more room in the toes to allow me to wiggle my toes in the safety toed boots, but I dont know if it is needed as these boots are generous in the toes.  Those fit sort of loose in the width, so I ordered a medium this time.  The medium is still a lot wider than most medium width leather shoes.  I prefer to buy my leather shoes snug in the width as the leather will stretch with time and oiling.  This newer version has several improvement over my older pair:-Non-metallic safety toes replaces the older steel toes.  This makes them lighter and will not be affected as much by heat and cold.-Improved sole design.  The newer sole is more like those found on a hiking boot and gives more support and prevention against ankle twists.-A rubber toe cap is bonded to the top.  On my older pair I had added some of that liquid toe cap stuff to the toes and heels.  It is called &#34;Dr.&#34; something and resembles the material of a spray on bedliner for your truck.  It definately prolonged the life of my boots.  With the new toe cap it appears I may not have to add the liquid stuff, at least for awhile.-Improved laces and eyes.  The newer version has an improved eye design that makes it easier to keep the boot snugged up in the ankle while you tie your boots.Overall these are a very nice boot.  If they hold up as well as my last pair that will be great!
B00EAL3KLQ good safety shoes Concidering that it is safety shoes, they are ok. And they look much better that regular safety boots. So, it was good buy, maybe somewhat overpriced.
B00GNZFWA4 well worth it very good boot fits very well good buy. they have everything safety wise was very impressed the boots are good as  Georgia boots a good boot to walk in and I do a lot of walking and up and down stairs all day don't pass these boots bye and the price is great and like I said that have everything safety wise. electric shock ,waterproof, steel toe, slip resistant , oil resistant just buy them
