B000B2G7L8 great sandals My father loved the sandals.  He has feet problems and back problems and they are a blessing for him.
B000EJS6T4 For a comfortable Summer! My son needs inlays and Timberland have sandals with a "closed heel". Just what he needs and these leather ones are even more comfy than last years suede type sandals. Solid top Timberland product!!
B000VW69IY Love them. These are the best sandals I have found.  They last and are very comfortable.  Try them out, because they will fill the bill for you.
B000VW69IY I'm sold on Timberland sandals Timberland brand has the highest quality leather, with superior construction.  I have owned several pairs of the Altamont Fisherman.  The comfort is unsurpassed.  I would highly recommend  them to anyone.
B000VW69IY Timberland men's Altamont Fisherman sandals Very impressive sandals..fits comfortably on your feet.. size runs about half-size bigger..A couple of years back I ordered a pair of size 7.5M Timberland Barnstead trail  shoes and they fit nicely..
B000VW69IY Casual Elegance Very good looking and comfortable sandals.  Perfect for our tropical climate in South Florida...not too casual and not too dressy!
B000VW69IY Nice Shoes! Like the looks of these sandals.  Very comfortable and can be worn for casual or fairly dressy occasions.  Timberland makes great shoes!
B000VW69IY Wonderful Sandals! This is the fifth pair of these sandals that I've owned in the past ten years and I find them to be outstanding. They are comfortable, easy to walk in and keep my feet cool. I wear these sandals almost exclusively on our trip to Europe every year and they're outstanding travel footwear. A slight problem is that the velcro fastener tends to wear out and they become a little hardi to fasten, but by the time this becomes a real issue, I've usually worn them out. I keep hearing that this model has been discontinued, but I can always find them somewhere; the last two pair were purchased from Amazon, with free Prime shipping.
B000VW69IY Look good, feel good The sandals fit perfect, they're comfy and look great...exceeded my expectations. I might even order an extra pair...we'll see how they wear.
B000VW69IY Better than expected...a real home run. Ordered these online and never do so with shoes.  Boy was I surprised, in a good way.  Shipped really fast, arrived ahead of schedule.  Comfortable, with a capital "C".  Look great and fit great.  I have a pair of rubber Timberland sandals that are 10 years old.  Still wear like iron and look good.  These sandals are great looking and feel great on.  Make no mistake, I'm glad I ordered these.  You won't be disappointed. If they wear as well as they look, this is a home run.
B000VW69IY Best Sandals Ever! This is the best pair of sandals Ive ever worn! They are extremely comfortable,stylish, and very durable. People always compliment me and ask me where I got them from. You can get them cheaper at your local Dillards. About $10 cheaper and no shipping cost.
B000VW69IY Very Nicely Made I like the brand, and it was no surprise the workmanship of these sandals.  I was looking at all the Fisherman type sandals, and these are the nicest ones in their price range.  There are the exact color pictured on Amazon.  Sizes at least for the size 8 is a true size 8.
B000VW69IY Great Sandals! I really like this product, they feel comfortable and I practically wear them all day. I wear them every where I go. Recommend them to everyone.
B000VW69IY I love these sandals I bought my first pair of these sandals before an extended stay in Indonesia.  I wore them constantly and have continued to wear them in hot weather on three continents.  The soles expand as your feet swell in the heat, so they are always comfortable and cool, and they look good enough that I can bum around in them all day and then walk into a restaurant in the evening.  I thought they had been discontinued, and i was delighted to discover they were still available that I bought a back-up pair for when my first pair finally wears out.  I intend to wear them until I die.
B000VW69IY Great Product at a good price. These sandals by Timberland are by far the most comfortable I have ever owned. No break-in period at all. Fast shipping also, Ordered these on Friday evening and they were delivered on Monday.
B000VW69IY Most comfortable sandals ever! Love these sandals so much this is my second pair, for when the first pair wears out! Very comfortable shoes. I highly recommend them.
B000VW69IY These sandals are just what I expected These sandals are just what I expected. They are well made, the insert comes out and my insert fits in well. The wide fit was snug when they arrived however they stretched out in a few hours and now are just right.
B000VW69IY Perfect sandals You cannot go wrong with Timberland sandals, I had my pair for several years, this was another pair for my son 12. He loves it, very comfy, solid and silky in touch. I am sure it will serve him many years as they did for me.
B000VW69IY Best sandals ever! Timberland has always provided great footwear. My old Altamont Fisherman were worn out. Was delighted to see I was able to get new ones via Amazon.
B000VW69IY The Best! I've had a number of sandals made by many different companies and most of them were okay.  These Timberland sandals are by far the best pair of sandals, fit wise, construction wise that I've ever had.  Timberland can count on me coming back when I have further need of foot ware.  As a side note I have a white Lab. Retriever.  My last pair of sandals were like a magnet to his fur.  These Timberland sandals do not attract my dogs fur which to me is just one more perk for these sandals.
B000VW69IY Best sandals ever. I've been buying these for years, this is my 4th pair I think.  I've tried others but none hold up or look as good as these.  Highly recommend for fit, comfort and quality.
B000VW69IY Excellent! Great product, great quality.  I've tried several sandals and they don't last or they're too expensive.  These seemed worth keeping an eye on for $82.  Then the spring sale for 20% off came through and I snapped them up for $64.  Great sandals, great fit, comfy, seemingly durable (had 'em two weeks now).  They'd be good for $82, but excellent for $64.  I'm a big guy, and shoes with the foo-foo puffy injection-molded soles wear out fast.  These seem to have a proper sturdy sole, cushion midsole, and leather liner, so I'm expecting good durability.  So far, it appears to be the best shoes/sandals I've had in many years!  And they come in widths.
B000VW69IY Classy sandals and very comfortable Looking for a pair of sandals that are more dressy, but also very comfortable?  These fit the bill with the oiled leather tops and the very comfortable sole.  The inside was fine to wear without socks.  I wore it all day on a hot Phoenix day (though mostly indoors in the air conditioning) and my feet weren't smelly or sweaty.  Timberland has been a go-to brand for me for a good mix of style, comfort, and durability.
B000VW69IY NICE SANDALS WHEN I FIRST GOT IT..I WAS A LITTLE DISSAPONTED SINCE THE COLOR IS NOT WAS I EXPECTING , BUT IT FIT FINE AND VERY COMFORTABLE
B000VW69IY Leather Sandals I love these shoes, they are very well made, gorgeous looking and very comfortable.  I purchaced this same style and brand 2 years ago and they are my every day sandals.  This pair will be my dress-up pair.
B000VW69IY Pretty good sandals, little heavy for summer shoes. These are high quality sandals. Heavy sole will probably make them last long, but it also makes them little too heavy for a summer shoe.
B000VW69IY Timberland Men's Altamont Fisherman These Timberland Altamont fisherman sandals are classy, unique and gives off an uber cool gentlemanly appearance to the wearer. They do bring about complements and above all they are very comfortable, light weight, breathable and stylish. It is one of the best sandals I've owned thus far apart from my Teva's, which I wear for more tough terrains and rainy weather, but these are strictly worn for special occasions especially when I want to wrap my feet in comfort - almost like foot heaven.Definitely recommend these.
B000VW69IY Versatile sandals These sandals are handsome and very comfortable, but the best part: Because they cover the entire foot, it's possible to pull off a Friday business casual day or a Summer evening with a pair of pants.  My second pair.
B000VW69IY Comfortable and attractive Hi I love my new sandals.  Years ago I had some Timberland hiking boots which I loved.  I wore them until they literally fell apart.  I bought the sandals because I needed an attractive, comfortable, casual shoe to that I could wear to work on casual day.  Well we had a hot spell the week the sandals arrived, I wore them to work five days straight, my feet loved the treat.  Added bonus, 2 people ask me the brand name and where to buy the sandals, I was happy to share information with them.
B000VW69IY Sandals I love these sandals fit perfect, can't wear open toed because of bad toe nails. These are the best. I would advise to wear them around the house for an Hr. a day or so just to break them in. Now I can wear them all the time, and they have good support. I will most likely buy another pair for back up. Put a little powder on feet before you put them on prevent from sweeting. They are great sandals and are quality made.By the way since I read a review that they run big, I take a 9.5 so I just order a 9 problem solved!
B000VW69IY love these sandals Fit as expected and very comfy no break in needed. They feel as good as tennis shoe with all the cooling benefits of a sandal. Also no problems with getting pebbles in them like open heel sandals have.
B000VW69IY very comfortable Hi there, these sandals are very comfortable, but a little warm for a hot day, perhaps best suited for Spring and Fall.
B000VW69IY Comfortable These are great sandals.  They hug your feet just right for a no sock fit that does not pinch or tear at your skin.
B000VW69IY Great Sandals -  Hide My Ugly Tootsies! The sandals look classy, fit very well and are certainly well made.  The lighter brown tops with black accents make these very versatile with about any trouser/short combination.  Well and strongly stitched with no sign of unravelling anywhere.  Interior is very well padded and shaped for extended wear.  The single Velcro tightening strap seals the deal and tightens nicely and easily.  Happy, happy
B000VW69IY Dress sandals work well Shoe color is a little lighter than the picture, but otherwise the shoes are great. Nice fit and look good! I like sandals because they give my feet more air. These look good enough to wear to work.
B000VW69IY best sandals ever Second pair I bought.  Comfy,  light, looking well. Recommend everybody.  They are 1/2 size larger than expected, thoug. Not a big deal.
B000VW69IY Perfect pair of sandals!! These sandals are the perfect fit and feel for a closed toe sandal. They are sized &#34;true&#34;, therefore there is no need to worry about having to order .5 - 1.0 size larger or smaller.They arrived as described and expected and are 100% comfortable. I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone and would more than likely purchase another pair when needed.
B000VW69IY My new favs Bought these for summer wear and they've quickly become my go-to sandals. They fit just right and are comfy enough to wear all day long. I haven't taken a long hike in them yet, so I can't recommend them for trekking up the mountain, but for wearing around the house, at the beach or in the campsite, they're great.
B000VW69IY Better than imagined In the winter I wear Lowa low hiking boots every day. In the summer, I want to wear sandals every day. Some look great but cannot be worn long periods, in rugged or relaxed situations. I have tried many. For comfort and wear I have fallen back on Birkenstocks and continued my search. I think I have found my sandals: Timberland, Altamont Fisherman sandals.They fit like they we custom made. They look great and I can wear them in the garden, on the trail, at the beach, on the street, on an airplane or boat, and out wherever ... They feel very well made. After three weeks, I am very happy.
B000VW69IY Great shoes Looks just like the picture. I bought my husband two pairs of sandals for our family Jamaica trip. I purchased the Timberland Altamont Fisherman sandals, and the Mephisto 'Sam' Sandal ($270.00). My husband preferred the Timberland sandals over the Mephisto sandals. My husband said that the the Timberland sandals were very comfortable.
B000VW69IY The best sandals I've ever had. These sandals are the most good-wearing and good-looking ones I've ever tried. Everything is great about them. The size fits perfectly. The only drawback is that my 10-D size sandals are a little wide to drive a car with manual transmission.
B000VW69IY I really like it It is my second pair. First served me for 1.5 yrs,but became looking dirty and old (how does one care for such sandals - I am not sure,maybe needs a little instruction)
B000VW69IY Fisherman sandals I bought these for my husband, who has raved about them! He said they fit perfectly when he first put them on. He has been happier with these sandals than any before.
B000VW69IY Timberlane Sandles Nice sandals and very fashionable as they go with any type of summer outfit. Could be a bit more comfortable in the heat.
B000VW69IY LOVE these sandals Great looking and super comfortable - I am on my feet a good part of the day and these are definitely all day sandals. The ridges on the bottom of the sole provide extra cushion and support as you walk. My only regret is that this shoe isn't available in other colors like black or I'd buy another pair in a second. Worth the price.
B000VW69IY These fisherman sandals are nice but not perfect All of these positive reviews leads me to believe that many of them are fake. That being said I like these sandals. They have have cover for your toes so you don't jam your them on anything, they have bumpy bottoms for better grip, and they feel comfortable to walk in. The one thing that I don't like about these sandals is there's only one strap! Even when I tighten the strap all the way they feel loose if I don't wear a double pair of socks with them. I think I bought a size too big but the lack of extra straps for a tighter fit was a bad idea. I'm returning these but I may buy a smaller size in the future.
B000VW69IY Best shoe for down south I have four pairs of Timberland sandals. They are very comfortable. Additionally, they keep your feet cooler and from getting all sweaty. They are very well made and have brought me many compliments from people asking where I bought them.
B000VW69IY Sandals the sandals arrived promptly and looked as good as expected.  I will consider buying another pair in the near future.
B000VW69IY Very comfortable sandals This is my second pair of the same sandals. I really like them. They do not only look good and also feel good!
B000VW69IY Money well spent . These Sandals are very nice ! you really can see the difference between big box cheapies and these. They feel great and look great too ! You wont regret spending the extra money for these .....they are worth it !
B000VW69IY Good sandals The sandals are not a perfect fit for me but they are good and comfortable. I would recommend this product.
B000VW69IY Durable, comfortable sandals! Great sandal. The first pair I purchased for my husband back in 2010 finally wore out! He loved them so much and wore them all the time, so buying another pair was a no brainer! These sandals will be purchased again once these ones wear out too! PERFECT!!!
B000VW69IY Great Shoe, very comfortable. I bought a pair a few years back and was happy to see them on Amazon.  Fit great, I have very feet and the wide widths are perfect.  The Sandals are very comfortable, I would definitely recommend.
B000VW69IY Excellent sandals These were pricey but where I live, I wear sandals all but 3 months a year.  I checked around for a better price but with the free shipping and no tax, Amazon could not be beat. When I first put them on they felt great and fit my feet well.  I did not like the natural leather look as I seldom wear brown so I dyed them blue.  They now look like dress sandals.  If you want well made sandals, these are it.
B000VW69IY Best ever sandals Best sandals ever for man or woman, comfortable beyond belief, may be worn loosly as loafers, look great with any wardrobe, cause one to do or want to do cartwheels, seems no longer oil tanned sorry.
B000XEKK94 Only Timberland Love them...own 6 different boots, shoes, sandals all Timberland...it's the only thing I put on my feet!  I would recommend them to anyone.
B000YDBIJU Great sandals! These sandals have instantly become my shoe of choice. With socks(no white socks) they are the most comfortable shoes I own.
B000YDBIJU Fantastic Sandals, Very Good Material I use them every day for a Week and I am very happy with the Timberland Fisherman Sandals in Black. Good Price, fast delivery.
B000YDBIJU Great look and comfortable! These Timberland Altamont Fisherman Sandals are very comfortable and easy to put on. It has one velcro strap that holds the shoe on snug and secure. I'm glad I ordered these ~ They fit perfect to size.
B000YDBIJU Great Sandals Comfortable, elegant money's worth merchandise. If need be, I will purchase another pair and may recommend a friend to try
B000YDBIJU I own three pair and they are my favorite sandals for walking.My feet feel good. They are slightly on the casual side. A little too casual for some occasions. Perfect with jeans, shorts ...Maybe not so good for anything dressier.
B000YDYY5K Timberland Trailray Sandals These are the best!  They are the most comfortable sandals I have worn - and they look great too.  My only point of issue is that not long after I purchased the sandals the price was dropped 20%.  That's a bummer.http://www.amazon.com/Timberland-Mens-Trailray-Sandal-Brown/dp/B000YDYY5K/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1248918036&sr;=8-1
B000YDYY5K Nice standard Sandals These sandals work exactly the way i pictured them. The bottom is rough and has got a nice sneaker pattern on them to give me the grip of real shoes, and the top straps are good enough to keep my feet in. With it being a Sandal, it feels like being in a convertible where you get all the comfort of a regular pair of shoes, but your feet can breath. Great as a pair of summer shoes.
B000YDYY5K Nice Sandals The sandals are exactly what I need. Comfortable and good style for daily wear, excellent quality for tough environment/activities, easy to adjust. You can even simply step in as a slipper. Perfect summer sandals.
B000YDYY5K these ain't it For years now,I've been trying to replace a pair of my favorite sandals.These ain't it.Thin soles,Not much support.And a real ugly toe.
B000YDYY5K very uncomfortable Timberland makes very comfortable boats and shoes. But sandals? These are the most uncomfortable sandals I have ever used. The seams leave to me a mark in the heel. The only way to use it is whith socks!
B000YDZWFQ Wrong size sandals I ordered the size 11M, and when they arrived, the box said 11M, but the sandals were 10M according to the stamp on the sandals themselves.  They still sort of fit (since I'm a 10.5 and they only come in full sizes), so I'm probably not going to mess with trying to return them, but DO NOT ORDER THESE!!!  Returns are always a pain with online shopping (I just called Amazon and talked to someone whose accent I couldn't understand who seemed to be telling me I had to call back in half an hour--give me a break!), so you might as well avoid that if you can.
B000YT5X5O I LOVE these Shoes! I LOVE these sandals!  They are casual enough for jeans and yet professional enough for slacks and dresses.  (I live in Florida, so sandals are year round!)  This is my very first time buying the Timberland brand and it most definitely will not be my last.  The only complaint I have is that the front toe portion is a little shallow and should have at least one more row of straps.  (I don't consider myself to have wide feet and the strap hits right at the outer pinky toe bone.)  Other than that, they are comfy enough to wear all day, or at least for a 9 hour day at work.
B000YT5ZAW Light weight & comfortable sandals These nice styled sandals weight about 1 lb, light weight with shock absorbing rubber outsole. True to size, medium width. If you have narrow or wide feet, I don't recommend them because the sandals do not have adjustable back strap. Great for any age group!
B000YT5ZAW Awesome sandal for the price I purchased these sandals after reading several reviews since the price couldn't be beat.  I bought them to replace a pair of sandals I've had for 15 years that had been repaired to the point where there wasn't much fix left in them.  I had been holding off getting rid of them until I could find something similiar in style, color, and construction.  These sandals have fit the bill completely.  I love the color, feel, fit, and appearance of them.  My only complaint is that I had just a bit of difficulty breaking the left sandal in as the leather was a little stiff.  This didn't take long and now they fit like they were made just for my feet.  I even ordered another pair in black and then 2 pairs for my mother after she saw mine and loved them.  Buy thses sandals.  Your tootsies will thank you for it!!
B000YT9FZ8 Comfortable, true to size and looks nice... THese sandals are true to size, they are nice looking and they are very comfortable.  Bought these on Amazon for under $25 which I think is a bargain for such a great pair of sandals!
B000YTD1HG nice sandals this sandals are confortable, now are expensive but I bought my sandals when the price was less us$20.00 dollars.
B000ZJYAEI Not as nice as my other Timberland sandals... These sandals are ok.  Your foot looks so naked in them.  The sizing is perfect but I'm not so crazy about the style.  I purchased them for my mother but they looked horible on her because she has a bit of a bone spur that was really accentuated/exagerated by these sandals.
B0013KJLU6 Comfortable and Easy to Put on Sandals These sandals fit very nicely on my 15 mon. old son's thick feet.  They are so easy to put on.
B0013KN8XC Great sandals for ruff kids Just what I was looking for these are great can be worn all summer and easliy rinsed off without damaging the sandals I love them and so does my son.
B001FA1CZ6 Bad all around I bought these because they look good. When I got the sandals, there were no other reviews. At first I thought I have to break them in. Well they are the most uncomfortable sandals I have ever worn and they just won't break in!! My feet actually hurt when I take them out of these. Size wise, they are true to size.Expected better from Timberland...
B001G7R9PU Nice shoes! I purchased these a while back (almost a year) but held off writing a review so that I could see how well they hold up. They're very comfortable sandals and also very durable. I wear these almost everywhere and they're still going strong. Am normally an 8 but ordered a 1/2 size up and they fit perfectly. Would definitely recommend...
B001G8W6WA Uncomfortable The timberland brown leather sandals were tight across my feet. They tilted a little sideways when I walk.
B001G8X0Y8 just ok not the most comfortable sandals I've owned.  don't hold a candle to Birkenstocks.
B001G8X4SU LOVE THEM!! I've had a black pair of these sandals for 3 years and I absolutely love them! I have a wide foot and have a hard time finding sandals where my foot doesn't hang off the side and these are a perfect fit. I issues with shoes in general and find that these are my "go to" sandals in teh summer. I wear them everywhere I go as you can dress them up just a bit with a cute little summer dress or wear them with shorts or capris. They're very versatile but most importantly, extremely comfortable and easy to wear.
B001GAPDLE Great sandals Loved these sandals for my daughter.  Great price and as always fast shipping.  The velcro really extends the amount of time kids can wear these because you can adjust them.
B001GAPO18 Great sandals for boys! They look very nice, and they must feel even better, judging from my son's efforts to wear them in all occasions. He is 12. Before he had these sandals, he would try to go everywhere with flip flops and his combo of sleeveless shirt plus shorts (I don't blame him: we live in Dominican Republic, and it is always hot here). Having different shoes of other kind, which we thought should be comfortable enough, he would do everything possible to avoid them. But now, he is in love with his sandals, and the flip flops were given a very well deserved rest!Great quality, sturdy construction, modern looking, too!
B002NWZTTU Timberland Sandals Love these sandals. Wear and 8 and 1/2 bought an 8. Fit perfect. Love the look. Get alot of compliments. Great price!!
B002OB49ZU Very light, comfortable sandal What I especially like about these sandals is that the soles are so light. They are cork, and in addition to being light, give nicely when walking. Comfortable, stylish sandals.
B002OHEEG8 Great summer sandals I bought these sandals to my son when he was 2 years old. I got them one size bigger and worked like a charm. It was rommie enough to give his big toes protection and it adjusted just right thanks to the velcro straps. He loved them. These sandals are very durable, they offer good grip to the ground, wash very well and dry fast. Great for summer. It still looks fairly new and now it is going to my youngest son's feet!
B002OHEEG8 Bought Before I bought Timberland Sandals for my daughter @ the Timberland Outlet 2 years ago. They were AWESOME sandals. They were great for every activity! She grew out of them and then I couldn't find a color that I liked them in till now (I like neutrals, then they can be worn w/ everything). I don't know why sizing went wrong. You should be going buy the size of your childs feet not by some chart that is universal.
B002OHEEG8 Sandals My son (7yrs) really likes these sandals.  They seem to be holding up very well.  Since it is summer, he wears them almost everyday.
B002OHEEG8 Great toddler sandals These sandals are very high quality, as expected from Timberland.  The fit is true and the adjustable straps make adjustments for comfort very easy.  They look good with anything  & my toddler loves them. He will outgrow them before they wear out!
B002OHEEG8 Great sandals These are great.  They have lasted 2 years.  They are very comfortable and good looking.  Definitely worth the money.  Highly recommended.
B002OHEEG8 Good pair of sandals Bought these for my two-year old son who is very active and extra tough on shoes. They seem to be holding up great so far! I'd buy them again.
B002PK1MM8 Best sandals. I bought these sandals and immediately walked about 8 hours a day for three weeks in them.. No callouses, no issues.The only thing that bothered me was that when you feet sweat heavily, you slip around in them.. but every sandal does that.. I suppose it could have better ventilation underneath, but not sure how you would do that?I walked all around Newfoundland's Signal Hill in these (4 hour hike) and my feet weren't tired despite the harsh terrain. I also walked for two weeks through Italy in these... only issue was getting into the Vatican in them as there are no open toed sandals allowed.All in all. a very good sandal that takes a beating, and doesn't wear down - although the straps did start to crack on the top where the vinyl is, the under-strap still holds fine.Highly recommended.
B002PK1MM8 My Favorite A TOP quality sandal. I use them for yard work and errands. They took some frequent adjusting in the beginning (my son told me this would happen). This is my first pair of "back-strap" sandals. @ 64 I was unsure. My other sandals just did not provide sure footing for yard work.Exceedingly comfortable (they accommodate my high instep), good traction both wet and dry, and stylish. The insole has molded to my foot providing additional comfort. After 4 mos. of daily wear they look as new. I estimate 4 years of use until replacement.When I get really dirty - I just go into the shower with the sandals on my feet and wash them as I shower.I could not imagine a more comfortable, versatile, or quality product.
B002PK1MM8 Cheesy Sandals There is a reason why the cost of these sandals is so low.  They are CHEAP!  In person, they look cheesy and feel like $.99 Store specials.  Altho' the uppers are advertised as being leather, they don't even look or feel like good vinyl.  (Note the faint designs on these leathers in the close-ups you can get online.  I've never seen leather with such telltale vinyl characteristics.)  The toe areas are indeed flexible and that is because the soles are extremely thin in this area.  The insides of the sandals have enough protrusions on first wear that they announce that your feet will not be comfortable after you have walked more than a block.If you are tough of foot, however, the hard vinyl footbeds, uncomfortable interiors and cheap looks may not bother you.  In that case, you will be pleased that the soles have a very aggressive tread for hiking, and the straps synch up your feet quite nicely.These sandals are not made in half sizes.  I wear a 10.5 and the 10 I purchased barely fit with some minor toe overhang; an 11 would have been too large.These sandals have made me rethink ever valuing any shoes made by Timberland, which I formally though was a good, quality brand.
B002PK1MM8 men's timberland sandals He loved them. Better than expected.  Hold up well on the boat and when they get wet.
B002PK1MM8 Awesome sandals This is my second pair of Timberland sandals and I will not buy any other brand. I love the extra straps on these sandals. They make the shoe look very cool.
B002PMUDW6 Great sandals but... These sandals are very comfortable with a great fit and seem sturdy, but I don't know about the ventilation and absorption at the base. It has a tendency to make your feet sweat and the absorption is not too good. However, I only wear it around the house while wearing socks so it is not a problem for me. The problem is only when you don't wear socks, but then again, the same thing happened with almost every sandal I owned. I like the way they look; classic style.
B002POC3MW Timberline sandals Love these sandals. I wear them all the time. However, sometimes they do slip off my feet if I'm in a big hurry.
B002WJHD5M These are great socks Hard to find, but a great fit and long lasting.  Everyday wear for all seasons.  Does not look good with sandals and shorts.
B003LBWOCM comfortable, and durable I always buy Timberland sandals, they are well built for the price, comfortable, and durable. We get them for the kids as well and if they can take the punishment that we can dish out then they should do nicely for just about anyone.
B003LBWOCM Timberland Sandals I replaced a pair of Timberland sandals that I had worn around the world for at least seven years.  The new ones are just as comfortable as the old pair and have excellent arch support.  The straps have soft padding and are easy to adjust.  The toe guard is particularly helpful to me.
B003VJWKFU Great product These sandals are great. The fabric of the straps is very soft, fits and feel great. I have no complains about the sandals.
B003VJWKFU Love these sandals Great for the beach.  I wanted something with a little arch support, which is exactly what these have.  The strap over the top is nice and big so they don't slip off easy when trudging through the sand at the beach.  Love the feel of the cloth base.  There is no palpable cushion to the sandals even though they are quite thick in the heel, but if they're for beach wear you don't really need cushioning.  Overall very satisfied with these sandals.
B003VMVXDW hiking sandals I love these sandals, but I am very disappointed because Timberland does not have these anymore. I need the back part of heel to hold in my foot piece
B003VMVXDW Best sandals I've ever had I'm a sandals guy--been wearing them for 15 years as often as possible. These are the best sandals I've ever owned. They're super comfortable, rugged, and have nice traction on trails. The quality is superb. When I buy cheap sandals at walmart they've usually broken within 6-9 months. I have been wearing these for 2 years and nothing has broken. I just ordered a new pair because I've just plain worn out the old ones, but they still never broke. Awesome sandals!
B003VMVXDW Exhorbitant Pricing I have not bought these sandals although I just bought a pair of Timberland chocorura sandals which I really like. I am writing here because I cannot find a forum for this product.What gives with the $150+ pricing for these sandals that some vendors are listing. This is caveat emptor carried to the farthest extreme. Why not $500 or $2,500? Too bad if someone inadvertently, through inattention, buys a pair for $160. This is a trap for the unwary and Amazon should not tolerate it. These prices are unethical.Four stars is based on the sandals I bought, so as not to distort the rating.
B003VQY56K Casually comfortable! Loved wearing these sandals.  They worked well when I wore them last summer on vacation.  they were easy to slip in and out of.  I loved them.
B003VR2A2K Striking Gladiators I do love the gladiator sandals after taking some time to warm up to them.  These Timberland Earthkeeper's Kennebunk sandals are really bold without being aggressively so.  I put them on in the house as it's too chilly to wear outdoors, and they're very comfortable and look good on my feet.  I'm definitely very happy that I was finally able to purchase a pair for a fantastic price at Amazon after scouring the internet.  This was a great deal!
B003VR2A2K I searched forever!!! I really like these sandals.  The only down side is that the straps are tight enough width wise.  I am keeping them and will wear them, I just wish they were a bit more snug to hold my foot in place.
B003VR2A2K Sexy sandals I have had a lot of compliments on these sandals.  They are sexy.  They feel good and are fairly easy to get on.  I think maybe some velcro would maybe work instead of buckles. When I walked in the rocks my heel kept trying to slide off the sole and was aggrevating.  So if I want to wear them I don't walk on rocks.
B003VR2A2K Great Sandals A pair of very comfortable and pretty sandals. They feel very soft on my feet. I can wear this pair and walk for the entire day without pain. The design is pretty and versatile. They look nice with almost any outfits. Shipping is very fast too.
B003VR3S94 Feet in soft slippers I have bought these sandals in black color not in Amazon. I want to buy one more pair in white color in Amazon because the price is much cheaper. Sandals are very convenient and soft. Their burden without socks and a foot aren't painted. The size represents the facts. Previous sandals carried 2 years. The sole in front has a little deteriorated. Has come unstuck. And color has turned pale. I recommend this item for people who prefers comfort, instead of a fashion.
B003VR3S94 Great Sandals! I absolutely LOVE these sandals!  They're so comfortable and go with all my casual summer stuff.  The price I paid was well worth it
B003VR3S94 Timberland Sandals This is one of the most comfortable and stylish sandals that I have bought in recent times.  Thank you Timberland.
B003WSXQ2G coolest shoes ever! These sandals are edgy and funky. They are VERY well made with fairly thick leather. Sole is well padded and very comfortable. My first pair of Timberlands. Could wear all day.
B003YC48QS good sandals Sandals are made carefully, very high quality leather, Anti-Fatigue Technology is a good notion.But here's the weight ... why are they so heavy?
B003YC48QS Not so good The inner lining is worn out for 3 months. I have expected more from them after reading all those feedbacks. Must to buy new sandals now. But I'm not sure it will be Timberland again.
B003YC48QS Great sandals - Timberland rules! I bought the black version about 2 years ago, albeit a slightly different style and they are still in great condition. These are far better though. Nice weight, very comfortable innards, albeit the tongue right at the edge could have used cushion wrapped around because it does tend to bite into the upper foot a bit - I just got these so maybe after some wear it will work out. The soles are the best I have seen on sandals of this style. Again, great job to Timberland for craftsmanship and Amazon for best pricing and 1-day shipping!
B003YC48QS Still good Several years ago I bought a pair of these sandals and was surprised by how comfortable and sturdy they were. I have really put them to the test: I have run hundreds of miles in them, I have worn them almost every day in the summer instead of my other shoes (these sandals work well as replacements for ordinary dress shoes in the summer: they almost look as good as dress shoes), and I have have hiked in them. They are by far superior to running shoes when it comes to wearing shoes in the summer, because as sandals they ventilate your feet much better. And you don't need socks really.By the way, I have hardly ever used these "Adventure Fisherman" for wading, as I prefer ordinary water shoes for that purpose. I don't know how well they would have held had I exposed them to the destructive agency of water.I still have the old sandals, although inevitably they are on their last legs, so to speak. So I didn't really hesitate to buy another pair, although I did notice that the new design is slightly different.Esthetically considered, the new design is not as attractive as the old one. The side strip is now sufficiently long (unlike the old one, which was a little too short and required some irritating adjustment)--although, in fact, it is now a little too long. So far, these new sandals are holding well, with or without the inserts. But I've had them only for a couple of months.
B003YC48QS Great sandals After wearing my previous pair completely out, I recently got a new pair. I wear them pretty much whenever I'm not wearing boots, running shoes, or dress shoes, in other words, I wear them whenever I can. Incredibly comfortable cushion insole, sturdy enough to protect your feet, and of course airy on hot days. If I owned only one pair of shoes, I'd want Timberland fisherman sandals.
B003YC48QS amazon/ timberland sandals had purchased similar sandals quite a few years ago at a shoe store in town , finally wore them out completely and went store shopping for another pair, as i always had nice comments about their look and enjoyed wearing them constantly year round  . after weeks of looking i couldnt find anything close ...checked the timberland website and saw they made something similar and updated and liked what i saw , also noticed the price had gone up considerably so i decided to shop around on amazon and found quite an impressive listing of the exact and similar sandal at a more rreasonable price ! ordered a pair as close to what i originally had but although the same size , they fit a little tight , amazon easily exchanged them  for a larger size and within a few short days i was wearing my brand new timberland city adventure sandals . happily i will wear them out over time as they are quite comfortable, look great hiking or with casual clothes. i am once again getting comments about them and folks asking where i found them .  i am sure in several years i will  return to amazon for another pair !
B00408A14S Great Sandals! The perfect sandals for my 2 year old. It is light weight and good for the swimming pool too. I highly recommend!!
B00408A14S great sandals They are great, look very comfortable, my kid loves them. Something really important is that his feet don't sweat as much as with other sandals and they have three adjustment points.
B0041FUQFY Not worth the money These sandals/sneaker hybrid is AWFUL! It is made in China of mostly rubber that chaffs horribly whilst you walk. So now I have a perfectly useless pair of sandals/shoes gathering dust in the shoe closet!!! Try something from Nike or Dr Martens....
B0041FWVV6 cute and comfy but not black I hate wearing sneakers in the summer with shorts or capris.  I wanted a sandal that I could not only wear for a nice long walk on vacation but also wear into a decent restaurant.  These sandals are true to size for me.  I bought them in the fall at a discount in black. The black is sort of a silver or grey color.  That works for me.  They also look like the color is painted on. I will need to post a picture.  Don't think they are black leather like your favorite loafers.  The reason that I love them is, the first time I wore them, I didn't get blisters.  I worried at first that the left shoe would rub the back of my foot and little toe.  I took a pair of "backup sandals" and was impressed that I didn't need them.  I will wait for the price to go down a bit and buy the brown pair.Great sandals if you get them on sale.
B0041FWVV6 nice sandals sandals fit just perfect from the moment I slipped them on my feet.Straps are in just the right places.Color is so neutral and perfect, I can wear with a dress or shorts.Very happy with sandal.
B0041FWVV6 Worth the investment These Timberland leather sandals in tan color are awesome & for an attractive discounted price: $24! They're comfortable that they "walk" with your feet. I can walk with these for an entire day (stopping a few times of course). Surprisingly, ankle strap doesn't chafe my skin. Others I have, do. Perhaps the reason is due to a wider strap.Initially, I had ambivalent feelings about the style. Thought this look would be for older ladies or ladies lacking fashion sense but it's not the case. Wearing them with cargo pants and/or short denim skirt with a non too trendy top looks effortlessly cool! Will definitely wear these for another several years since the sandals are well made and has a sort-of-timeless spring/summer/fall look to it.
B0041FWVV6 Super comfortable Love these sandals. They are true to size and there's no breaking in time! Timberland are one of the brands I can count on for comfortable shoes.
B0041FWVV6 Sandals Love these sandals, my pup chewed up my other sandal so just had to have replacements, just love these sandals, style and comfort.
B004EHYYWU Great looking, not so comfy I bought these sandals two months ago, and have been trying to wear them ever since.  The sole is comfortable, the construction is durable, but no matter how hard I try, the leather straps uncomfortable wear the skin away in parts of my feet!  I've had leather sandals before, (berkenstocks, thongs, etc) but these things just won't break in!
B004FV5DAW Replacement THis was given as a replacement for ones the dog ate.  They were his favorite sandals (my son's not the dog's).
B004L32PFU Nice sturdy boots These fit perfectly.  They'll take some getting used to because I've been wearing sandals all summer.  Good quality and I expect will last a long time.
B004WRNH0C Free your Feet! I've been wearing sandals in summer for many years, and I have to say the Timberland sandals are the best in class.These sandals have everything you want in a sandal.  Barefoot feel, grippy waterproof soles, and complete adjustability for a secure fit.The advantage of these sandals is that they have an athletic shoe sole. Good arch support and the toe is slightly upturned to help guard against stubbed toes.Get the same size as your athletic shoes.Note: I gave them four stars only because the sandals I REALLY wanted aren't made any more.
B0058RMG4I Sandals They are confortable and I like them very much. They are perfect for my summer wardrobe, and fit well, I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a comfortable sandel.
B00590KXH6 Pure Comfort! This all leather - upper and insole sandal is pure comfort.  No break in period.  True to size. It's hard finding sandals with leather insoles but thankfully, Timberland seems to always make them.  For me personally, when I wear sandals with any other type of insole my feet smell.  With a leather insole they don't.  Yes, I'd recommend these to everyone.
B00590KXH6 Very comfortable These sandals are extremely comfortable.  I have narrow feet and they are almost too wide for me, but I still wear them all the time.  I bought them to replace another pair of Timberland sandals that are no longer available, and I am very happy with them.
B00590WN42 I wanted to love them, but.. I wanted to love them, but... First I ordered the sandals in light brown color (which is truly more grayish color) in 9.5 (I normal wear 10) based on Amazon reviews. I was criticized by my daughter for my choice of color and style, but wanted to give those sandals another chance. However after re-ordering in size 10 in the white color I understood why Amazon reviews recommended a half size smaller. The sandals is wide even in the normal width and only can be kept on my feet by the ankle straps. Those straps painfully rubbed around my ankle bones and make walking in them extremely uncomfortable. I feel that light brown leather was more soft than the white leather. Sorry, Timberland, despite the perfect reviews those sandals are not for me.
B00590WN42 Stylish and Comfortable Sandal Bought these sandals for a family trip. Normally I wouldn't take new shoes but these sandals had so many good reviews on comfort. After a week of family sightseeing, hiking, an much walking I have to thank all the prior reviewers for these sandals really made a fast moving family vacation a breeze. These are very comfortable and extremely versatile shoes as I easily wore them in the morning with shorts for trekking, and later at night with dresses for dinner out. They are well constructed, beautiful leather, comfortable adjustable ankle strap, they have an elastic extension on the vamp, and a small cushiony heel. I would highly recommend this shoe!
B00590WN4C Love it! I bought the sandals for my aunt, and she loves them, they look nicer than in the picture. Well, my aunt is pleased with these sandals, also I have bought this brand before and I recommend it 100%
B00590WN4C Fabulous Sandals! I just purchased my second pair of the Maeslin Wedge sandals. I bought the first pair 3 months ago, and wore them for my long summer vacation in Europe. They were super comfortable. They look nice with long dresses, skirts as well as jeans. I can wear them to work all day and I am still able to go shopping afterwards! The only thing is I feel they are half a size 'biggish'. I normally wear 7 1/2 which I purchased for my first pair. They were comfortable, but I felt the strap a bit loose, so I ordered a 7 this time to see if it fits better. Great sandals!!!!!
B00590WRTS perfect and cozy I wouldn't normally wear these sandals however, we were going on a trip to Italy and going to be doing a lot of walking so my husband insisted on me getting the most comfortable shoes I could find or else he knew I would complain the whole time (hah). I did not want to wear sneakers so I found these sandals and read the reviews and I can tell you that after wearing them for 10 hours a day and walking around most of the time, they held up perfectly and I was very comfortable all week long! I would recommend to any ladies in need of walking sandals.
B00590WRTS Love These Sandals These are the most comfortable sandals I've had in a long, long time. From the first step I new these were going to be my favorites.  The sandal is roomy on the sides and the footbed is like walking on clouds.  I highly recommend them.
B00590X3CS Just love them! I bought these sandals last year and they are amazing! The first time I wore them my friends inmediately asked me where I bought them. They have become one of my favorite shoes. I recommend them.
B005ADLX4Y good quality These sandals are very comfortable and appear to be very well made.  I have owned several pairs of sandals from Timberland over the years but these are my favorites for comfort and durability so far.
B005FHWT5C My son loves these sandals These sandals fit my son's feet well and are very comfortable. We took them on a recent beach vacation and they withstood salt water and sand without losing shape.
B005FHWT5C I live in these sandals! I am an adult with small feet and purchased these sandals at the beginning of Spring. They are extremely comfortable, sturdy, I love the color, they are just great! I wear them everyday!
B005FHWT5C Nice pair I really liked the way these sandals were made. They ate very steady, and can keep up with active boys! They are a littler bigger then expected, and I would have preferred they had Velcro at the top for easier handling by the kids. But my son got used to them quickly and really enjoys them.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals! These have been great for my active 11 year old! He says that they are comfortable and I think look great and have held up well!
B005FI1VE6 Great Sandals Great summer sandals that are durable and comfortable. Using them most days walking, to the pool, beach, around town, and more!
B005FI1VE6 Comfortable and practical My child loves timberland sandals. They are easy to put on and comfortable. Apart from that, they respect the size so it's perfect for order them on line.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals These are true to size and great for those kids with fat or wide feet. Nicely made, I would highly recommend them.
B005FI1VE6 Good sandals I was looking in stores for sandals for my 19-month-old son and ones similar to these were $35, so for $10 less I think these were a great deal.  I bought them a little big, but he still fits them since I can velcro them tighter. He seems to like them and I think he will make good use of them.
B005FI1VE6 great deal on amazon These are great summer sandals especially for the price I got on Amazon.  I read in a few reviews that they run small but I didn't find that to be true at all....they are a smidge big but I'm sure my kids will be growing into them in no time...and they will be able to wear them longer~These are going to be our go to shoes for the summer ;)
B005FI1VE6 great summer sandals! This is the first time I've bought Timberland shoes for one of my kids and she loves them!  They're great for the pool and she likes them just for running around.  I highly recommend.
B005FI1VE6 too large the problem it's the difference  between the USA size and latinamerican size although the sandals are beautiful our child must wait a year to use them
B005FI1VE6 Nice, but fits small These are really nice sandals and they don't hurt my son's feet. He normally wears a size 7, which I ordered and they were way to small. The straps wouldn't even stay closed. I exchanged them for a size 8. They fit, but I still think the bottom part of the straps should be a little longer. All in all, I like the sandals, but he probably won't be able to wear them next summer too. Probably should have bought a size 9.
B005FI1VE6 great for everday sandals My son is in a 7 stride rite shoe and these fit about the same way- He has some growing room and they work perfect for everyday sandals.
B005FI1VE6 Excellent sandals Timberlend again didn't disappoint, excellent sandals, on a foot fit well, on 20 cm a foot we bought 2 M of Little Kids, and they really convenient.
B005FI1VE6 cute The sandals look strong and they have a no slip sole.  They are comfortable  My daughter liked them.  They are a bit wide but fit with the straps pulled tightly.  There is room to grow.
B005FI1VE6 Nice sandals Sent these to my 6 yr old grandson and he loves them.  Look nice and easy to get in and out of
B005FI1VE6 Nice sandals These sandals are very comfy, easy to wear and durable. My 5 year old owns a previous pair in red color..... he loves them so I decided to get him a new pair.
B005FI1VE6 Nice Sandals This sandals are great, good quality and very nice desing. My two years old boy really likes them as they are very confortable and price was quite ok
B005FI1VE6 Great Summer Sandals They look just as expected. I'm quite happy with the purchase. We just started wearing them so I can't comment on how long they last but they seem well-made.
B005FI1VE6 Great walking sandals! I bought these for my five-year-old to wear on our vacation to Disney World, so they needed to hold up and stay on his feet. I have been pleasantly surprised! They not only have held up well, but have not gave him a single blister. I have had them for about two and a half months and he loves them! The color is great and they stay on his feet. He can even tell which foot they are supposed to go on, so no mommy to put on shoes. Love them!
B005FI1VE6 Durable & comfortable Great sandals. This is the 3rd summer we are purchasing them. We just keep buying them in a bigger size. Very durable.
B005FI1VE6 Great kids sandals Both of my children have wide feet and I have difficulty finding good sandals for them during the summer. This is the 2nd year that I have purchased these sandals for both of the kids. I would definitely recommend these! The sandals adjust easily to fit wide feet with both the upper and lower straps being adjustable. The Velcro stays put so we have not hand any trouble with the kids walking out of their shoes. The soles are very rugged and great for any terrain and for little ones still learning how to walk. The sandals also dry quickly making them great to use for summertime water fun or for quickly rinsing off.
B005FI1VE6 quality our son recently outgrew his first pair of sandals so we were looking for some quality made sandals that can withstand a toddler that's almost two. We received the sandals and are very pleased with the quality and the design and look of the shoe.
B005FI1VE6 my grandson favorite sandals like what i said. my grandson appreciate this sandals very much. its comptable to wear.maybe next time i will by 1 more
B005FI1VE6 Durable I bought these sandals for my daughter after a similiar pair that I bought from Target broke within weeks of having them.  So far they have been very durable.  They are cute too!
B005FI1VE6 Sandals for my son My son wore these sandals for latter part of the 2013 summer and he was in love with them didnt want to wear anything else. Great price for a great product. Looking to purchase another color as we speak. Take a chance and get em you wont be disappointed.
B005FI1VE6 tims this is a wonderful sandals fits perfectly and is comfortable.The price was not too bad either.I would recommend this to anyone.
B005FI1VE6 Very Nice I bought these sandals for my son who is four years old. Love the color and it must be comfortable for him because he hasn't complain about it at all. He knows how to put them on easily and it hasn't left any marks behind the foot when you try on new shoes. The price was very reasonable. Definitely would buy again.
B005FI1VE6 Great price on a good looking sandal My daughter loves these sandals, and I love how durable they are.  She is not easy on her footwear, and these have already made it through 2 vacations in the sand and surf, not to mention every day in the back yard.  I'm always worried about the straps snapping on sandals and ruining the investment before she can grow out of them.  Not these!We bought the pink ones, maybe a bad idea, and they've turned to purple with all the dirt impregnated in them.  Of course that's no fault but our own, and not complaining, but I'd recommend darker or neutral colors for children.  The sizing was perfect, and they are easy on and off.I'll buy her more of these in a couple months.
B005FI1VE6 Great Kid's Sandals Bought for my granddaughter who lives in New York City. She goes to a park almost every day and plays in the water when it's warm. Tennis shoes aren't made to get wet but these sandals are perfect in every way >easy to clean, easy off and on, great fit, don't rub and make blisters. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
B005FI1VE6 great sandals Great shoes with a great fit. My daughter loves them and wears them constantly. They hold up well and don't show much wear considering the abuse my 2yr old puts them through.
B005FI1VE6 Easy to put on I purchased these sandals for my daughter who has extremely small/narrow feet.  She can only wear sandals that have velcro so that we are able to tighten them up.  They seemed a little bit wider than most sandals, but they are super cute and I was able to adjust them to her foot.  I just wish they cam in widths.
B005FI1VE6 My son loves the sandals My son loves the sandals.  It is also value for money as compared to the retailed price at the country I am from.  Will be buying more in future.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals for kids I first went with these last summer for both of my kids and as long as they keep on making them the way they do i will keep on going with them.  they hold up so well for the short time that my toddlers wear them but so worth it because of how durable they are
B005FI1VE6 Value for money Very sturdy, well-made pair of sandals for an EXTREMELY active 5 year old who loves walking up hills and playing in the sand.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals!! I've purchased these sandals for my kids before and will continue to as they grow. They are comfortable and come in great colors. A definite must for summer time.
B005FI1VE6 great sandals Perfect sandals: high quality made. Daughter be treated with pleasure all summer, they went to the water and the sand, they all survived. The following summer ordered the same. I recommend
B005FI1VE6 A little big but we expected this The sandals are a little big but we expected this. The straps are such that the sandals will still stay on and my granddaughter is growing fast so they will fit fine in no time.
B005FI1VE6 Painful soles. My 5 year old daughter could not wear these because of the hard and lumpy texture of the inner soles. Beware of painful sandals! Do not buy!!!
B005FI1VE6 great sandals The sandals are really good quality, nice appearance, comfortable and durable. I also liked that the company supports green philosophy and sustainable production.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals! Bought these for my 7-year-old grandson and he loves them. They fit true to size and are super comfortable. He loves the colors as well. Good purchase.
B005FI1VE6 great sandals! good quality sandals that came in oem timberland box. will buy again when it wears out.... now pending to see if it is more lasting than others we had used before
B005FI1VE6 bought new sandals in used condition. The shoes fit great and were exactly what I had wanted. Unfortunately they came and the soles were all stained, the tag removed and part of the strap was unraveling. I would send them back but the shipping costs too much from Canada. I am not impressed.
B005FI1VE6 very comfortable This is the second pair of this sandals we bought. This is very comfortable sandals; if wet, dries very fast. It is sturdy shoes that can easily withstand the full season.
B005FI1VE6 These are AWESOME sandals!!! They STAY ON my very active 14 month old daughter! Had to use a pair of thin socks though, to keep her skin chafed from the ankle strap. I plan on getting the next size up for her!...Her feet get pretty sweaty, so these sandals Akeem her feet from overheating!
B005FI1VE6 Nice Sandals These are very nice sandals, just wish they came in 1/2 sizes. My toddler is in between sizes and I could not find the right fit for him. I would recommend because they are well made and the color, grey/green, goes well with lots of colors.
B005FI1VE6 Nice sandal These sandals are more comfortable and nice as expected. Highly recommend to get this one! Quality of Sandals is also good
B005FI1VE6 Perfect Sturdy, and the sole is soft and cushiony. Can't complain. Good sandals for kids in the summer.  My son loves them.
B005FI1VE6 A++++++++ Great sandals, love them, very comfortable, just wish I would have went a size smaller, but great product.
B005FI1VE6 Well made sandals, third year I've purchased This is the third year I have bought Timberland Mad River sandals for my now 5 year old twin sons.  The sandals are still in good shape at the end of every summer.I like that there are color options available to help tell who the sandals belong to.  Last year I bought the covered toe Mad River sandals because I thought they would be better for running around.  But this year one son requested open toe, so that's what I bought and he is running in them fine.  His sandals from last year still fit and are in good shape, he just wanted a new style.  My other son is still happily wearing the covered toe version.
B005FI1VE6 Cute sandals Love these sandals. They are great for beginner walkers. Only reason I gave a 4 and not a 5 is that they turned my daughters feet purple first couple times she wore then.
B005FI1VE6 Solid and Sturdy This pair of sandals has a sporty look but solid and sturdy.  They are good for active kids who tend to run around.  My daughter loved them not for its style but for comfort when she ran on the playground at school.
B005FI1VE6 The Sanitized Actifresh Odor-resistant applied too heavily leaving rashes on our little one's feet & sizing is off(too small). We have always loved and bought several pairs of Timberland shoes for myself, my husband and our kids, and spotted these for our youngest daughter to kick around in the backyard so we picked out a size 9-her actual foot size is 8.5, and I ways buy summer sandals for just that year because she is so hard on her shoes in the summer-but these came and the shoe was as if they where a size 8.5-because her toes just touched and started creeping over the edges/rim of the sandals, but that's not the only or even the main reason for the return(although that-in it's self-is enough), the biggest concern for us was that she kept the sandals on for a bit to walk around(she fell in love with them right away)and about hour or so later she took them off and was scratching the bottom of her feet, I checked and found huge rashes on the bottom of both her feet and she could not stop itching, I checked the shoes again and found that they have something called &#34;Sanitized Actifresh Odor-resistant&#34; coating on them. Parents please be aware,your child may not have as hyper sensitive skin as our little one does, but the coating may have been applies too strongly, so wipe/wash or rinse them before your little one wears if you do get them in the correct size.
B005FI1VE6 Great for summer Ordered these for my 20 month old. Was looking for sandals that can be worn outside, get wet at her water table and clean easily and these are working just great for that. Also good for playground, easily rinse the sand out when I get home. She wears a 4.5 but I ordered these in 4 and they fit fine.
B005FI1VE6 Just bought our 2nd pair cause the first held up so well. I was tired of my son going through 3 pair of sandals a summer, so, I went ahead and invested a little more in these from the start and they held up good. But, kids feet grow, so, got him the next size up for this summer. Got a pair for my daughter in a different color too. She liked them. But, has a bit of a narrow heel, so, we really had to pull the top strap tight for her to make them work.
B005FI1VE6 Great for play My daughter needed sandals and we didn't want to get any of the frilly ones that could break while she was playing. My daughter is rough and runs with her brother, so these were perfect for that. We got them half a size bigger for her and she's still able to run and play with no issues. They are nice and easy for a 5 year old to put on alone, and seem to have really good traction and hold together well.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland sandals are very good quality.. I like 2-strap sandals, they are very good quality..I own also 3-straps and they have more possibility of adjustment.I could not find on the market 3-strap model anymore, that's the reason why I bought 2-straps.
B005FI1VE6 love these These are great. The soles are not too stiff, the straps are just right and easy to adjust. Perfect little run-around sandals.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals My 9-yr old girl loved them! Super fast shipping, true to size, super comfy. She walked through Orlando parks without any blisters. Great purchase!
B005FI1VE6 Good sandal for my toddler Bought these sandals one size larger than usual for my toddler to last him right through spring and summer. I just velro them a little tighter. Really nice quality, soles are a tad bit heavy but good grip for playing in wet areas. Colour is exactly as pictured. Happy with my choice...much better than sandals available at children's clothing stores.
B005FI1VE6 Very happy with product and service After looking for sandals in few stores at the local mall and finding out "sandals session is over" in the middle of June!!! I was happy to find a good pair at a reasonable price. My son loves the shoes and I love the service.
B005FI1VE6 Love these sandals (my daughter does too :-) Timberland is just a great shoe, and these sandals are definitely part of the Timberland family.  They fit well, daughter says they are comfortable, and they made it through the washing machine -much needed after a long weekend camping left these sandals anything but white!  Definitely recommend!
B005FI1VE6 Grandsons camp sandals I purchased these before, and my daughter loved them. They're very good sandals.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes! My rough and tumbly daughter loves these sandals so much she was mad when her feet grew too big for them! Excellent quality
B005FI1VE6 I order these sandals in June 30 was supposed to ... I order these sandals in June 30 was supposed to come a week ago and never came do somebody know what i should do?
B005FI1VE6 Granddaughter loved these  sandals!!! These are very well made and very cute !!!! My granddaughter will love these for the summer !! Great Shoe
B005FI1VE6 Disappointed in these I have bought my sons several pairs of Timberland sandals and loved them all...until these.  They came apart after only a few wears (the part where they velcro came off the shoe).  I had to super glue it back.  Usually I'm very impressed with Timberland but these weren't nearly as durable.
B005FI1VE6 Perennial favorite Great water sandals for an active little boy. There are 2 adjustable straps to make sure there is a comfortable fit. Will continue to buy these year over year. There is also a version with toe coverage which is great for the newly mobile ones.
B005FI1VE6 very comfortable, nice sandals My kid tried this sandals in first day when they arrived and he loved it. The quality of the sandals is very good.
B005FI1VE6 Great Shoe! These are tough and cute sandals for my super active toddler.  They fit well and are constructed of good, strong materials.  Would highly recommend.
B005FI1VE6 Lil Love these sandals. They fit great and look so cute on our little one. We got our product quickly and everything went smoothly.
B005FI1VE6 GREAT COMFORTABLE SANDALS I RECEIVED WITHIN TWO DAYS. THE ARE VERY COMFORTABLE. EASY TO STRAP UP. EASY TO WALK IN. MY SON LOVES THEM.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals for wide feet Our 20 month old has very wide, very thick feet. These sandals are great for her, even though they weren't in a wide size. And they clean up and dry really quickly, which is great after playing in the dirt all day!
B005FI1VE6 Sandals for grandson The sandals are great.  I was hoping that they would run a little big.  The fit was right on target, very well made, and they were blue.  GREAT PRODUCT
B005FI1VE6 Good Great sandals for summer. My son feels comfy in them and they look great. Run true to size and very lightweight. Recommend them.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals for $ We bought these for our 5 yr old daughter and they fit great and seem to be very durable. Awesome
B005FI1VE6 great sandals! these are really great sandals, i wanted sandals for him (my two years old) to wear at home, in the park, when we go to the grocery store, etc. and these sandals are great for all these stuff i mentioned, he wears them everyday, I bought 3 pairs, the brown, the blue and the red ones and I even let him the take shower with them so he is more safe and the sandals are still intact. so, in conclusion these are really great, durable and cute sandals for kids, I am 100% happy with my pursache. :)
B005FI1VE6 ... pair for each of my 3 grandkids and they love them. What I like the most is that ... I ordered a pair for each of my 3 grandkids and they love them.  What I like the most is that they have a non slip sole.  I would recommend these sandals.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals! Can't go wrong with Timberland Great sandals!  Can't go wrong with Timberland!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals Granddaughter loves her Timberlands.  They wear so well.  She will grow out of them before they wear out.Great sandals.
B005FI1VE6 Repeat purchase These sandals hold up very well and previous purchases of this style have made it through all three of my boys.
B005FI1VE6 My 7 year old daughter loves these sandals This is the third Timberland Mad River 2-Strap sandal's pair I bought her.She loves wear this sandals. Are perfect for summer camp, for play, to go to the beachAbsolutely easy to clean.I recommend
B005FI1VE6 Great Quality I bought the sandals for my grandson for the summer but realized they were too small so I reordered a bigger size. They are nice looking and good quality shoes. Delivery was fast and price was amazing.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Sandals These sandals are great! Other than looks and fit, both of which are good, the foot bed is comfortable. I have had similar sandals before which caused burning on the bottoms of my feet, so I really appreciate the quality of the Timberlands.
B005FI1VE6 Sandals The shoes are easy to take on and off, comfortable and look good too. They're durable and flexable. My son loves them!
B005FI1VE6 Excellent Toddler Sandals Like most parents, I have a very active 2 year-old who is rough on clothes and shoes.  These shoes are perfect for her.  The velcro straps extend to accommodate her wide feet and the insides of the shoes are cushioned enough to prevent blisters.  The soles of the sandals are squishy and flexible while providing excellent support.  They were true to size for her large feet.The sandals are very well made and worth every penny.  I highly recommend them.
B005FI1VE6 great! the best sandals i bought my kids so far! nice material, easy to clean, comfortable, and soft! very good choice....
B005FI1VE6 Nice durable sandal. I bought two pairs of these sandals. One for my 5 year old and one for my 3 year old. Both boys. Both of my boys have wide feet and these sandals were a really nice fit. Never heard a single complaint from either of them so I can only assume they were also pretty comfortable. They held up well for the summer. Too bad they won't fit again next year! Will be buying again next year, though!
B005FI1VE6 Great summer sandals Well made, great fit, sturdy.  Great shoe for summer!  Color as expected. Should last well. Will update if they don't last as expected.
B005FI1VE6 GREAT SUMMER SANDALS True to size and very comfy for my "on the go" toddler. :)Best thing is, they don't make his little feet stink. Great quality.
B005FI1VE6 Great Sandals! I have had my kids in these sandals on and off since they were walking. Great construction and wear. Run slightly large.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals! My son is 21 months old and although he can't tell me, I know he loves them. When I put them on him, he was so happy walking around the house, starring and smiling at them and cried when I took them off! They are exactly as pictured (I ordered the black with blue) and seem to be very well made and comfortable. I will be purchasing them again in another color :)
B005FI1VE6 Comfortable and durable These are great looking sandals on my son. They are very comfortable and durable. He wears these outside to play and they still look good. He has put them through a lot already.
B005FI1VE6 Sturdy sandals The sandals are well made and my son loves them. They will be well for the wear. Happy summer to all!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals year after year These sandals never let me down, they are great! The color is adorable and the sandal itself is so comfortable and durable!  They can take a beating and still look and feel great!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals for kids at a reasonable price! I love these sandals for my 3 year old son. They are durable and worth the $!
B005FI1VE6 Just Right My granddaughter loved these sandals and that is all I needed to know.  I received as advertised so I'm very happy with the purchase.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River LOVE!!!  My kid is so hard on shoes that sandals usually last less than a month.  A few years ago I bought him a pair of Timberlands and he wore them 2 full summers without ruining them, his baby brother is now wearing them for his 2nd year!  Love this brand and this style is nice too, it pretty much goes with anything he wears.  No rubbing on the sides or the backs like most sandals.  Never buy another brand of sandals again!
B005FI1VE6 Lightweight and good for play My 2 year old loves these sandals. They are lightweight and great for running and jumping. The double straps make it easy to put the shoes on for me, but are secure enough that he can't take them off on his own.
B005FI1VE6 love this brand... My son love this sandals, I got them in blue and brown. Later on I wanna get the gray and orange. This are the best sandals to my taste and a good price.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals I bought these in size too big as we're heading into winter in NZ. the boys love these sandals and they are wearing well.Definitely would buy again.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals True to size, comfortable, easy for my son to put on, and very durable.  I buy these sandals every summer.
B005FI1VE6 Worth the value The item arrived quick and packaing was excellent. Great pair of sandals. My kid loved it. A perfect fit for him.
B005FI1VE6 Another great pair of sandals We have these sandals in black as well. They are cute, adjustable for wide feet and the price is right. I am really happy with these shoes.
B005FI1VE6 Excellent product The sandals are Great for my childs go to the swimming pool. color is as was show on web page.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect My granddaughter loves them. She said they are the most comfortable sandals she has ever had. She likes that the bottoms are like a tennis shoe because she can run fast in them.I really liked the price. They are well made and look really cute on her.  I would recommend them for an active 5 year old like she is.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect!! These sandals are so comfy and the price was awesome!...I only wish they had half sizes, other than that they're great for the summer time.
B005FI1VE6 Fantastic toddler sandals! I absolutely love these sandals for my 3 year old, and so does she! She has a long but narrow foot so finding sandals is difficult; usually if we get them long enough her foot slides all around from side to side. These are a great design that allows us to tighten the sandal perfectly on her skinny little feet, but they could also be adjust looser for a wider foot. The inside is also very well cushioned, and the heel strap has a nice little pad to prevent blistering and keep the strap snug against the foot so the heel doesn't slide out. All around perfect sandal!
B005FI1VE6 Timberland toddler sandals Very good quality sandals and appear to be comfortable on my granddaughter. I bought pink and blue. I bought the pink in a larger size, so that my granddaughter can wear them later this year, and can wear the blue ones immediately.
B005FI1VE6 nice sandals I bought it for my nephew on his birthday he liked them so much he put them as soon as he opened the box question. do you have size 11
B005FI1VE6 Great sandle my son loves these sandals they are so comfy and fit perfect. I will be ordering more when he needs another pair
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals. The things we love are:Easy to adjust and customize fit with two velcro straps.Comes in a lot of colors so I could almost see having two pairs in different tones.They are holding up great even with an active toddler wearing them and taking them on and off tons of times.Tread is nice and keeps him from slipping.Easy to wash.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My daughter loves these sandals, especially the padded part on the back of each heel where other sandals had created a painful sore.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland sandals Good quality our kids love these and they look great at a decent price, will be buying more as they grow
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals; rubbed a bit on baby cankles These sandals fit well and were great throughout our hot summer. We used them for school, play, and swim class. The only issue is that if my little chunkalunk wears these sandals a few days in a row, he can develop a small sore where they rub on his cute cankles. It doesn't seem to bother him and he never complains about wearing them, I just notice it. It fits in with his summertime skinned knees. I would buy these again for next summer.
B005FI1VE6 Worth Every Penny! I bought 2 of these sandals a size 6 and 7 for my 1 1/2 and 2 1/2 year old girls. Were outside almost every day and they're holding up great, I was always putting sandals back on their feet because they were always coming of for some reason but these sandals have double straps allowing for a nice snug fit.
B005FI1VE6 Great Sandals I ordered these sandals for my boys and so far they seem great!  I ordered a 1/2 size above what they are wearing now so that they will last the season.  Even though they are a little big, the adjustable straps make the fit just right.  They are able to run in them and they look sturdy and nice. I didn't give 5 stars - since I do not know how they will last.
B005FI1VE6 Kids sandals Was very satisfied. Fit perfect.Bought 2 pair for grandsons.would buy again. .Timberland are very good shoes for kids
B005FI1VE6 Cute sandals Nice, light sandals. But the Mad River Navy/Marine with orange pair are actually more of a slate/denim blue, not navy as I expected. If I'd known that, I would have ordered a different color.
B005FI1VE6 Nice kids sandals Purchased these for my son, who has wider than average feet. They fit very well and he says they are comfortable to wear.
B005FI1VE6 Best kid sandals I've bought My two little kids have worn out most of their sandals quite quickly, but these aren't showing any wear at all so far.  After a lot of use, they still look almost like new.  The grips on the bottom are great, and my boys like the colors.  I will be buying these again when my kids have outgrown their current pairs.
B005FI1VE6 great summer sandals My son ripped through another brand of sandals early in the summer and I ordered these hoping they'd be &#34;ok&#34; for the remainder of the summer.  They far exceed my expectation. They fit true to size and have not caused any blisters on his little feet.  I love them so much I'm going to get them again next summer!
B005FI1VE6 highly recommend these timberlands are the best sandals for your toddler.  they are easy to put on and keep clean.  my kid loves them
B005FI1VE6 Perfect fit! These sandals are just as pictured. They run true to size. They are great for the hot, wet climate in which we live.
B005FI1VE6 IT'S SO COMFORTABLE! These are the most comfortable sandals I have EVER worn.  I could never find comfortable sandals because my feet were too small.  I bought these &#34;Big boy-sized&#34; sandals, and they fit very well.  I was not expecting such a cushion with each step.  The soles are made of strong rubber.  It looks like they could last forever.  I like the Velcro closures too.  I'm not exaggerating, these are VERY comfortable sandals.
B005FI1VE6 great sandals. run small they are good quality sandals with great arch support. very soft inside. they run very small. my son is 7-7.5 i bought 8 so that they last through the summer. the sandals just barely fit and they don't have the color i want in size 9. so i figured, for $22 i'll keep them.
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals I bought these sandals for my 2 yr old son and I really love them.  They have a soft inside lining and are very durable.  I bought them in the brown/beige and I just purchased them in the blue/navy.  My son who is picky about what he wears on his feet even loves them.  This was a really great purchase and the quality of shoe that you pay for is even better.  Very happy with my purchase.
B005FI1VE6 Comfortable Sandals Bought these for my daughter to wear as a main summer shoe. They are comfortable and sturdy. She loves the colors. They fit as expected.
B005FI1VE6 Can't beat them for the price We got these sandals for my 4 year old girl and she loves them.  We had had problems with her getting sores on her feet from wearing other sandals and these caused no irritation at all.  She can wear them for hours and still be comfortable in them.  They fit very well and are easily adjusted; so easy that she can get them on and off quickly by herself.  I also love the color and design.  For a sandal that is well under $20, I cannot ask for more.
B005FI1VE6 Rough and tumble and LONG lasting thru many trials and tribulations UPDATE! It has been around a year since my son has had these sandals. I bought them a little bigger so he could continue to wear them this summer. After many a visits to the lake (as he wore them as water shoes there, creeks, climbing and etc etc, finally, after much abuse, these sandals are officially ready to be retired as they are just now falling apart. I am getting ready to buy a second pair (at this rate I plan to buy a pair evry summer!), but this time a different color scheme. Orginal Review: I LOVE these sandals . I am a huge fan of  the Timberland brand. These sandals have not  disappointed me yet. I have  a  very active child and not too many shoes that will last him for too long. They hold up whether he's in our out of the water.It has been a few months since I had these sandals, my son has swam with them in creeks, lakes and etc as well he has warn them MANY times during the warmer season and they truly held up his abuse lol. I would highly recommend these and for the price you just can not beat it and the quality is A++++
B005FI1VE6 Perfect My girls love these sandals. They're rugged waterproof and comfortable. They run true to size and will last through the summer.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect sandals for our grandson! We keep a pair of sandals and clothes at our house (grandparents) so when we take him out, he will look nice and these do look very nice.
B005FI1VE6 Athletic sandals These are great sandals for my daughter to walk in for extended periods.  They give more support than a regular sandal or flip flops.  They are a little big, but not so much that they interfere with walking, and she will grow into them and thus be able to wear them longer.  She loves them, and the price was very reasonable!  I could not find these kind of sandals for girls in any local store, and I tried them all, including Walmart, Famous Footwear or Sports Authority.  Some stores had them for boys, but not girls.  Go figure???  Anyway, so I tried Amazon, and what do you know, I found a bunch to choose from.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland sandals Love these for my kids. The colors are vibrant. Very good quality and material. Very light weight. Fast delivery the kids loved them.
B005FI1VE6 Great all around sandal for toddlers I love these sandals. I ordered them in the gray/neon color. They are sturdy yet not too heavy, and true to size. They are attractive enough that I can probably get away with having my baby girl wear them too when she's older although these do look like boy's sandals. Most importantly my toddler will tolerate these, but it turned out he likes the Teva Psyclones sandals more. Still, a very good, sturdy shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Sturdy, comfortable sandals We are actually on our 5th pair of these (my daughter has had 4 sizes of pink, and my son is on his first pair of gray/green.  These sandals are a little expensive for kids' shoes, but they're very sturdy and have lasted until they're outgrown. They've done fine in the washer.  We use them in the hot summer months in place of sneakers, and they have good tread for running, climbing, puddle-stomping and playing. My kids have never had blistered or expressed discomfort. I'm sure we'll own more pairs!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandals for my daughter! Pretty and comfortable.  Love it!
B005FI271C CONFORTABLE SANDALS FOR IN AND OUT ACTIVITIES MY LITTLE NEPHEW LIKE THESE SANDALS, VERY CONFORTABLE, HES GOT WIDE FEET AND IS HARD TO FIND THE PERFECT SANDALS, PRETTY HANDY STRAP, HE TAKES THEM ON AND OFF EASILY.MY LITTLE GUY IS HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE, I AM HAPPY TOO
B005FI2AZU Fantastic sandal for rough and tumble little boys! Finally!  A great sandal with microban at a great price and good looking to boot!  I was so tired of stinky sandals on my 3 little boys.  These sandals are the cure.  They are nice and open so their feet breathe, they clean up easily AND they have Microban!  Hurray!We are all in love with them.  Just today my husband told me to buy a pair in every size because they stand up so well we can actually pass them down to the little brothers and he doesn't want to ever be without.  We live in Arizona and wear sandals year round :)
B005FI7PYG Great Sandals Great Sandals. Very easy to wear - even young kids can easily wear and take off by themselves. Doesn't leave any scratch on skin  - excellent choice!
B005FI7PYG Fun Sandals for a Fun Summer! The pics don't do them justice. When we opened the box we were pleasantly surprised to get a great quality sandal thats fits and looks HOT at such a cool price. These sandals still look awesome even after all the miles my son has run and played in them.
B005FI7PYG Wonderful sandals! I bought these sandals for my 4 1/2 year old at the beginning of summer to wear all season long, and they have performed like a dream!  Very durable and so cute!  They were worth the cost just to have a reliable shoe all summer long.  I will purchase them again next season for our daughter.
B005FM5Q3O so cute! These sandals are so cute. I got a pair for my son in the tan too. On the more expensive dude because they're name brand but I think it's worth it. The shoes came fast. My son currently wears a 5.5 wide in his tennies but they're starting to be a little snug. I ordered a size 6 in the sandals and they fit him great. There's also some room for adjustments with the back because that straps too. My son is 2 and walks great in them. Love the shoes!
B005FM5Q3O light and comfortable. buy them again in the future I had already purchased this brand sandals for my daughter and the truth is that they are small, so this time we buy them a little bigger. They are very cute, light and comfortable. buy them again in the future.
B005FM5Q3O Love these I have ordered these sandals for my little one for two years in a row now. They last the entire summer and are very comfortable and durable. I plan to continue ordering these sandals each summer! great price and I know I can expect great value!
B005FM5Q3O Great sandals I bought this sandals to my son when he was 2 years old. I got them one size bigger and worked like a charm. It was rommie enough and it adjusted just right thanks to the velcro straps at the top and at the back. He loved them. The sandals are very durable, it doesnt slip, washes very well and it dries really fast. Great for summer. It still looks fairly new and now it is going to my youngest son's feet! Getting a new pair for the big brother.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland Sandals I purchased these sandals previously for my active sons and they have outgrown them so I ordered more.  They are very comfortable and durable.  They last pair was worn in and out of water over two years and still looked great.  Great sandal will continue to purchase.
B005FM5Q3O a little small when i was searching for sandals for my toddler these called my attention for the design and the color, so i went ahead and purchase them on size 7 for mu 18 months old they arrive on time, when my wife pulled them out of the box her first thought was that they look a little big compare with other shoes that our son has but when she tried them on him was not the case. actually they came  a little bit smaller that we expected, we discuss whether to keep this size or exchange them for the next. at the end we decided to keep these pair because it was not like if his heals were off the sandals neither his toes, so we thought that for this summer they be fine, and he's using them a lot he likes them, they look nice and comfy and every body happy i don't know if they are going to fit all summer or not, i'll update this review at end.
B005FM5Q3O Material too rugged for a young child's skin My 1.5.y.o. got red spots on his skin after an hour of wearing these sandals. The sandals were worm with socks but that did not help. Wish they were made of a softer material.
B005FM5Q3O Beautiful toddler sandals I must say that this sandals was more than what I expected. Purchased this for my son and it fit him perfectly.The material is not too hard an at the back of the straps are padded around to prevent bruising.It is also 100% authentic. I wish they had bigger size for myself. What can i say i love it!
B005FM5Q3O Great sandals I bought these sandals for my 18-month-old daughter. I have nothing bad to say about them. They're durable and appear comfortable. We got a somewhat larger size but, because of the adjusting straps, she fits comfortably in them. I'm not crazy about the style, but comfort and function definitely win out here. I highly recommend!
B005FM5Q3O Love these sandals. I was worried they would hurt my sons feet and give them blisters but they are soft and comfortable. He runs well in them, which is important since he's very active. Great sandals.
B005FM5Q3O great closed toe sandal I like using closed toe sandals for my preschooler to ensure his toes stay protected during play. These sandals are lightweight but very well made. My son really likes them.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandals My kid is 9 and wears a size 4 so that's what I ordered and they were perfect. He loves to wear them everyday. They are cute and comfortable, l always look for a closed toe shoes for my boys. Thank you these are great and I will order more.
B005FM5Q3O Love them I bought these sandals for my son and I love them. They fit him really well and he can run, jump, and they still fit perfect. I would recommend them because they are a good price as well.
B005FM5Q3O Nice These sandals are good quality. My girl loves them. They are going the distance ....daycare to play ground. We're getting our moneys worth.  Their just not as cute as I would like ...color is great tho.
B005FM5Q3O sandals Hey, sandals really good, the kids are very happy with them. It is convenient for them and I'm pleased with the order. Thanks
B005FM5Q3O Easy to get on and well made These sandals are perfect for my 2 yr old. He is very rough on the toe area of his shoes and the toes are protected with this sandal but allow for air to circulate during the hot days of summer. I also like that I can easily clean the shoes if needed. The multiple Velcro buckles help with the perfect fit for my son's feet. Overall I like the price point and quality of these sandals and would buy the brand and style of shoe again.
B005FM5Q3O No more sweaty feet I love these for my 2 yr old Grandson. They fit to size, wear real well and do not cause sweaty feet like cheap sandals do!!
B005FM5Q3O Great kids shoes I bought these for my son last year and again in the bigger size this year. The brown are great casual/dress sandals for boys.
B005FM5Q3O nice and easy to wear my 11 years old son loves it, easy to put on and I hope they last, nice looking sandals for boys
B005FM5Q3O Watch out for these... These sandals look nice, but they made blisters on the top of my son's right foot after one day of wear.Pros:- Sturdy soles- Stylish designCons:- Rubs into the foot and blister a child's toes
B005FM5Q3O Nice sandals and material but tight on the width side of it The sandals are really cute and quality material but the material is a little rough on kids foot and if they have wide feet even loosing the straps bother them because that was my son's complaint. He did not find them to comfortable, he states that they are a little too hard.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland Sandals I bought these for my 3 grandsons and they love them. They are well made and very adjustable with the velcro straps for their feet. Would definetly buy them again. I bought them from Amazon and saved $6.00 per pair. I looked around and this was the best buy on Amazon.
B005FM5Q3O Awsome cant wait for the weather to break I bought these sandals for my daughters, infant and little kid sizes.  they are everything and more that I expected.  Durable Timberland quality fast service and shipping from seller.  I'll be purchasing again from them.
B005FM5Q3O Great Sandals I've purchased this shoes for my 5 years old son and he loves them, they are roomy and very comfy.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandals! I've always liked Timberland products personally and they offer consistently good quality at reasonable prices. I tried these for my toddler and they were just what I expected. With toddlers growing as fast as they do I wouldn't want to invest the same amount I would for something that I would get years of wear out of myself, so with that said these sandals offered good quality at a good price and thats just what I was looking for...
B005FM5Q3O Nice Sandals Ideal Sandals for boys and their quick darting in and out of the house.looks very stylish as well and covers most of the feet while not being sweaty.
B005FM5Q3O These are really cute! They arrived on-time and my 2 and a half year old son loved them.  This is his first pair of sandals and I love the fact that there are 3 adjustable straps(2 on top, 1 on the back, by the heel), so the sandal can grow with him.  He can probably wear these sandals for next year too.
B005FM5Q3O very good sandals I am happy I bought these sandals. They are so well made, so cute and comfortable!! Totally worth it's price. I even washed them few times and they still look as brand new. Many strange people said that they love the shoes my son wears. Thanks "Timberland"!
B005FM5Q3O 100% I recommend them 100%. The fabric looks good and the model is beautiful. Your son would be happy with these sandals.
B005FM5Q3O timberland boy sandals Purchased for my grandson they are really nice. He wears a size 8 and these are just a little to big but no enough that he can not wear.
B005FM5Q3O Broke The back fell off one of the sandals.  They seemed good other than that.. My son loved his sandals, never wanted to take them off
B005FM5Q3O Great for active boys My boy is 5 1/2 and very active.  These sandals are durable; the velcro is strong and the base material is tough.  The closed toe is nice for keeping the little toes safe too.  I would recommend these.
B005FM5Q3O Love these shoes! For several years I've bought only Mad River sandals for both kids.  They fit well and don't smell after getting wet or wearing all summer long.
B005FM5Q3O Great but runs a bit small. Excellent design and evidently, comfortable for my active 3 yr olds. They wear a size 8 of Stride Rite and this is the first Timerberland brand sandals I have bought for them. The sandals look like they need to go up a half size but they don't do half sizes so I guess one size up would be the way to go. I just don't want the sandals to look too big on their feet since they can trip over shoes, or sandals in this case, that don't fit properly. I will most likely order a size up and hope they are not too big.
B005FM5Q3O Sturdy sandals for the summer My boy usually wears closed leather sandals for the summer but I decided to try these. They are also closed to prevent toe bruises, and come in a lot of colors. At first he said it didn't fit right, but it think he had to get used to the bare feet in sandals change for the summer- after a couple of wearing- no complaints! Best of all, he can go in sprinklers and get them wet without any damage to shoe!
B005FM5Q3O Sandals Purchased these for my 5 and 1/2 year old son. He absolutely loves them. Super easy for him to put on and take off and they seem to be rather well made. So far so good.
B005FM5Q3O very good sandals Great sandals for the price! My son love them. Wear them everyday and they feel comfortable of the feet. I like the quality too.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandals. They are easy to put on and adjustable. If you tighten the back strap, the foot moves forward. Great if you buy them a little bigger. My daughter wears a 7.5. I bought an 8 and they fit great and she has a little room to grow.
B005FM5Q3O Very nice sandals My 6 year old loves it. I like it too. Light, open enough for summer and closed enough to protect the feet.
B005FM5Q3O awesome I bought my son all the colors,these sandals are great! Keep in mind that they run small he wears a 9.5 but they dnt have half sizes so I purchased him a 10 and they have a lil room but their adjustable so they fit great!
B005FM5Q3O Durable sandals I got this for my 7-year-old. They fit as expected, good quality. Great for summer, beach compatible. I am very pleased with the purchase.
B005FM5Q3O Good Sandals There were exactly what I was looking for except the price was a bit more than I wanted to spend.  But they held up all summer!
B005FM5Q3O My son is very excited about his new sandals. My son is very excited about his new sandals.  It's winter here, so he only wore them inside for a few hours the day they arrived.  But they did not rub any red spots on his feet and they appear to be very comfortable, since he refused to take them off even at nap time.  The construction looks very good, what I would expect from the rugged reputation of the Timberland brand.  Not disappointed.
B005FM5Q3O great sandals! I have bought these sandals for my son and he loves them. They are very comfortable. Easy to put on and adjust. Durable sole.
B005FM5Q3O Super cute sandals for my toddler girl These are the cutest little sandals for my little girl, and she loves them! Great to go with her sundresses or shorts, and easy to adjust to fit her chubby little feet.
B005FM5Q3O PERFECTION i purchased these sandals last year and was so glad to find them on amazon this year. they fit my 3 year old amazing! he wears them EVERYDAY. perfect for playground, camp, beach, pool. i mean u cant go wrong with these! LOOOOOVVVEEE them! i got them in blue w/ yellow piping.
B005FM5Q3O Best sandals ever These sandals are the best!!!  They hold up great, are comfy, can take getting wet, and protect the toes.  I will keep buying these as long as they keep selling them!
B005FM5Q3O Great Sandals! I bought these sandals for my almost 2 year old.  They fit as expected.  I would say they may be a little more narrow near the toes than some other sandals we have tried, but not narrow enough that it was an issue for fit.  Having multiple buckles allowed us to get a more custom fit and she never had any blisters or hot spots.  We have owned them 2 weeks with almost non-stop wear and they are holding up great.  She has worn then to the lake and just as her everyday sandals with no problems.  The footbed can get a little funky due to sweaty feet, but we washed them with a mild dishsoap and that fixes it.I will add this was our second pair as the 1st arrived with a split plastic ring the straps go through.  So far this hasn't been an issue, but I am hoping it will not be a weak point in these otherwise great sandals.
B005FM5Q3O Amazing little shoes I had a hard time finding solid closed to sandals for my 2 year old.  She loves to explore outside and I wanted to protect her little toes.  I found these on sale and am so glad I purchased them.  She wore them all summer and they still look great.  They are easy to fasten and easy to get on and off.  They dry pretty quickly and feel really well made.  I will buy her another pair next summer once I know her shoe size.
B005FM5Q3O great sandals great sandals, looked just as represented and for a great price! I accidentally order a size larger than i meant to, and i meant to order one size up already!these are so adjustable in three places, that my daughter is still able to wear them comfortably even though they are too big.  The velcro is very easy to tighten and customize sizing since its in three places on each shoe  These are cute, functional, great qualiity and she loves wearing them.  we will likely be using these for at least two years!
B005FM5Q3O Timberland Mad River Closed Toe Sandal I bought these sandals for my 2year old son. They are awesome! My son has wide feet and it is hard to find closed toe sandals that fit the width and length. These sandals have three velcro straps that are adjustable which gives a lot of options for toddler feet. My son tends to have sweaty feet, but these shoes keep his feet dry and they do not smell even after playing in the water with them. Made well. I highly recommend these sandals.Update: The sandals held up really well, but I will revise about the shoes not smelling. They did start to smell, but this was after my son had worn them while playing in muddy puddles a couple of times. I scrubbed them with water and baking soda and the smell went away. Hope this helps!
B005FM5Q3O I buy these rugged durable sandals for my grandson who ... I buy these rugged durable sandals for my grandson who is now 6 .We are on Third pair and I'm still a fan !
B005FM5Q3O Fits and looks good Its spring and i decided to get my son some new sandals and i must confess they came in perfect, fits very well, he wears them to school and other casual outings.
B005FM5Q3O Purchase for my Son This is a great pair of sandals from Timberland. These are the 3rd pair that I have bought for my son within the last 3 years. To sum it up, these sandals are flexible, durable and perfect for active children. The front of the sandals protects my son's toes from getting callouses, broken toe nails and extremely dirty feet. Yet, they provide air to ventilate through the sandals so that my son's feet stay cool and dry (not that his feet stink or anything). Highly recommend these sandals for those parents who have kickers, runners and jumpers like my son. This is worth the money!
B005FM5Q3O Nice, sturdy sandal with toe protection Timberland Mad River sandals work very well for my special needs daughter. She needs extra support around her ankles and toe shields. These covered them both. The material is solid. Other sandals didn't give her anything to help with her weak ankles and she struggled to walk. She gets around just fine with these. She also catches the front of her toes on the ground a lot so the toe covering helps keep her piggies intact.There are 3 straps to adjust the fit. There is on the very top to accommodate foot width. Next there is the standard one around the ankle. Lastly there is one at the heel. I appreciate being able to customize how the shoe fits. My girl has long and narrow feet.*Initial review. Will update to include durability as appropriate.
B005FM5Q3O I wish there were half sizes I have purchased these sandals for my son the last three years.  They don't cause any blisters and they're closed toe.  I bought a 1 and a 2 and he's really a 1.5...but he wears them both. I expect the 2's to fit next summer.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland sandals I love these shoes. They fit my son perfectly and are actually withholding the punishment of a very active 3 year old. I'm a very satisfied costumer!
B005FM5Q3O Daughter loves it! My daughter chose these sandals from about 10 other pairs of sandals on Amazon. She had her heart set on this one and I ordered it 1 1/2 sizes bigger than her normal (other reviews said the sandals were adjustable). But I wouldn't necessarily recommend ordering 1 1/2 sizes bigger though. I think we got lucky with this one! She normally wears 8.5 and I ordered a size 10. I was a bit apprehensive about ordering the sandals that much bigger than her regular size but I am happy to report that the sandals work perfectly! The strap on the back makes it so that her toes fit properly at the front of the sandals and she does not trip over them like she would if there was a lot of room in front of her shoes. The sandals have not given her any blisters and my daughter is super excited to wear them and she is able to adjust the sandals to fit her feet all by herself (daughter is 3 years old, soon to be 4). She says the sandals are comfortable and that they do not hurt her feet. We are super happy with the purchase and expect her to be able to wear this through next year's Spring and hopefully Summer too!
B005FM5Q3O Great summer shoe I bought these for my 5 year old son to wear in the water and sand.  I love the fact that they Velcro in 3 places for a great fit.  They are lightweight so they dry quickly, which was my concern about another pair of sandals he had.  So far, we both love them.
B005FM5Q3O Perfect little shoe My son's feet are sweaty in the Keen sandals. These advertise little channels in them to help with that. I haven't noticed any odor. They fit great and he runs around.
B005FM5Q3O great sandals Bought these for my 30 month old, he loves them.  they are comfortable enough to wear without socks when it is hot, and adjust great to his narrow heels.  cushioning on back strap prevents rubbing and blisters.  i'm buying another in the next size up since his feet outgrew the sandals long before they wore out!
B005FM5Q3O very adjustable to our  little ones feet. We tried several pair of sandals before finding these.  They have been all and more than what we expected.  The shoe also adjust at the heel for a proper fit.
B005FM5Q3O Great product The sandals are durable, comfortable and attractive. They arrived on time and were reasonably priced.  I recommend them for active boys.
B005FM5Q3O Super Sandals! super sandals my 9 year boy loves it , it is very comfortable! great brand produce great things! awesome product!
B005FM5Q3O Great looking, but not soft... These sandals look cool: bright blue and navy blue! It has great quality! But my son does not want to wear them: it is not soft enough... Maybe after using it for a while he will get used to it...
B005FM5Q3O Awesome Sandals I've purchased two pairs of these for gifts, one for my eight year old granddaughter, and one for my 59 year old sister.  They both love that you can adjust the straps to fit the feet perfectly, and that they are good for walking on all types of terrain.  Someday I'd like a pair...
B005FM5Q3O Great for my little guy Wanted sandals that protected his toes on the playground. He has worn it 4 times now and no complaints. Its does the job!
B005FMBDD6 A wonderful shoe My granddaughter hasn't stopped running around in her sandals. She adores them. The value was good and I highly recommend these to others.
B005FNCQPE Great, durable sandal Timberland sandals are the only brand I buy for my son.  They wear well and have a nice footbed for growing feet.  We live in Scottsdale so he wears sandals almost all of the time and I have never had a pair of Timberlands break or wear down.
B005GYRVBQ Superior Timberland Quality...as Usual I got tired of buying disposable flip-flops every summer and chose these Timberlands because of my previous experiences with the brand. These things are comfortable, they look great, and they're built to the usual Timberland standards of quality. Seriously, these sandals appear to be indestructible.I'm not sure what the other reviewer is complaining about with regard to "squeaky" leather. Mine don't squeak and  they're breaking in nicely after only a few days of wear. Sizing seems to run accurately. If you're between sizes, my advice would be to choose the next size up. If you're a 9 1/2, it's probably best to choose a 10.This is my fifth pair of Timberlands --  I've had oxfords, boat shoes, boots, casual lace-ups, and now these sandals. It's a great brand that I'll continue to buy. If you're tired of spending $10-$20 on a pair of summer sandals that don't last through one season, consider these Timberlands. I expect to get 4-5 years of use out of these shoes, and I'm hard on my footwear. They're not cheap, but they're less expensive than buying throw-aways year after year.
B008KLGHL2 Great purchase! I really love these sandals, they are very comfortable and pretty. I will use them all the time and if possible very day. :)
B008KLGHL2 Good sandal, odd sizing I ordered four of these sandals before I found the one that fit best. They do run narrow. The difference between a 9 and a 9.5 is a whole lot of length -- far more than I normally need. I'm usually a 9 M or a 9.5 M and I went with the 9 W. The 9 W is a little shorter than I normally get for sandals, but I think it is fine.Sizing issues aside, these are definitely cute and versatile. I am living in these shoes this summer.
B008M27754 My most favorite Sandals This is my 3rd pair of the same model! Just love them. One pair at work, one at home in Switzerland
B008M27754 VERY COMFORTABLE !!! I have been wearing these for about 3-4 weeks and I have to say that these sandals are GREAT! I was anticpating a few blisters around the openings on the sides or above the heel on the achilles. Nothing happened, although I need to admit that I wear socks with these. Foot perspiration is virtually non-existent. I've walked several miles and my feet feel no discomfort at ALL!. I'm actually considering buying a back-up pair to have on hand when they wear out (I'm guessing in probably 4 or 5 yrs.) but, by then, Timberland may have stopped making them. I know a good thing when I have it and these sandals are on the list.
B008M27754 Awesome sandals My original timberland sandals finally wore out after about four years of use, and after finding they weren't made anymore I found this one as the most similar.They are very comfortable, and can be worn all day. I wouldn't walk for miles in them, but for around the office and casual use they are great.  Sizing is accurate, I usually wear a wide size and got normal, but the width is enough for me.
B008M27754 The sandals fit like a glove The sandals fit like a glove, there are no other sandals that i own that gives me the confort that the timberlands sandals do.Most of the time I cannot fine a pair of tinberlands wide enough to fit me. I wear a 3E. Wiill Timberland Shoes have wide width sneakers & shoes  3E & above in the near  further?
B008M27754 Great pair of sandals. These sandals are the best I ever had. Very comfortable and very good looking.  They fit perfectly and the price is adequate considering the quality.
B008M27754 The best sandals ever I love it, I've been wearing these sandals for eight years now. I have one of every color to match my pants.From now on I will be ordering them from Amazon. THANKS
B008M27754 fits bettrr than expected I usually get 15B. these seem fine at 15D. They are heavier and more substantial than other sandals. I have neuropathy in my feet . For some reason socks are uncucomfortable. I wear sandals all year. I have been looking for fisherman sandals. I ordered two pairs and this thr only one that I am keeping so far. The other pair was too flimsey
B008M27754 Perfect these are the nicest sandals I've found in a long time, very good looking, wear real nice, very comfortable, definitely worth the price.
B008M27754 Great Sandals Very comfortable and cool option for those of us who like arch support and good quality sandals.  I despise flip-flops.  In addition to the unfortunate fact that they force me to look at mens often hideous feet, I don't like the thong between my toes.  Most importantly most provide little if any arch support. These sandals and Keen's serve me well.
B008M27754 awesome sandals I purchased these sandals and love the waythey fit! they are lightweight and fit very comfortable!! Can't stop wearing them!!
B008M27754 Review of Timberland Men's Altamont Fisherman Sandal. I bought a pair of these sandals to replace my 7 year old pair of Rockport sandals. I prefer sandals to slippers or flip flops any day. The sandals fit well at this point but I had to change the soles as the heel of my right foot ache a little. But I think this is not related to the sandals as the symptoms have been going off and on over the last 2 weeks. I believe the sandals will feel better once I break them. But on the bright side, I got a compliment on the sandals on the local REI.
B008M27754 Timberland Altamont Fisherman Sandals These are the best sandals I've ever owned. This pair is to replace a pair I bought about 3 years ago
B008M27754 Look Great and Comfortable! I very much enjoy these shoes.  Allows your feet to breath, and at the same time is more supportive then strap-back sandals.  Look great.
B008M27754 A rare find I am always struggling with shoes to get a fit that is compatible with walking or extended wear. This is a particularly difficult issue with sandals, since one should probably be wearing socks for the best comfort. Not so these. I bought my first pair from Altrec but am back to amazon since they no longer have my size. These are great and I want at least 2 pairs since they seem to have been discontinued. This shoe is a great combo of comfort, support, ventilation, and quality construction. Most sandals suck with any extended walking. These are not only more comfortable than other sandals but also many other shoes I have had.
B008M4UN0S Comfy sandals Love the sandals and can't wait to wear them this summer! They are comfortable and will be a perfect sandal
B008M4UN1C Just what I wanted I have been looking for black dressy sandals for 2 years and these are perfect! I can't wait to wear them.
B008M4UN1C Very comfortable sandals I'm so very happy with these sandals. They match the reviews of other women.  I plan to buy other Timberland sandals, especially this style in other colors!!  Excellent buy.
B008M4UN1C My third pair I wear sandals almost exclusively all summer. I bought these sandals in black because I already have them in two other colors, and I know they are comfortable and classy looking. The wedge is high enough for dress, but low enough to wear all day. They also look good with pants and jeans of any length, cropped, ankle, full-length, slim-cut, flared, dress or jeans. I may never find a style I like as much, and the price was great, so I decided to stock up!I wear either an 8 or an 8.5, and I need these in 8.5.Warning: the red is really a dark coral, so if you are looking for lipstick red, this isn't it.
B008M4UN1C Just what I was looking for This arrived promptly and was packaged well. Fits perfectly. Have been trying to look all over for sandals for the summer and found this. Love it.
B008M4UN1C Very nice sandals I like Timberland in general, and these sandals are not an exception.  They fit nicely, very comfortable.  The only issue is that I thought they would be a little more dressy, but it was my estimate based on the picture.  Still a very nice product for the price.
B008M4UN2Q great comfortable sandals i just got these sandals in Red. They are comfortable and the colour is great. I have narrow feet so they fit me well, however if you dont you should definitely order a bigger size.
B008M4UN2Q waiting for summer I have many timberland products and I like them all.  The only reason I gave these sandals only 4 stars is because they're not a true red as I was expecting.  Otherwise I love them.  Ordered a half size up and they fit great.
B008N6YJKA Timberland Sandals They are awesome...I want them in all colors and would purchase them if I could find the colors.  They are soft and comfortable from the second I put them on.
B008N6YJKA Sensible but sexy! I needed sandals that will grip the floor but not look matronly.  These sandals were for a cruise.  They are angled for comfort but still look feminine and sexy.
B008N6YRCK Who knew Timberland made beautiful women's sandals? These are the most comfortable and beautiful sandals!  And speaking as a person who tends to turn ankles in wedges, the stability felt in these thanks to the workman's boot bottoms is amazing.  I wish there were more colors in this style!
B008N6YRCK Cute & Comfy Really like these sandals - hadn't previously considered Timberland for dressier sandals but will be sure to look at them next time I'm shopping for a pair.  Very comfortable, appreciate having a flexible sole on a wedge.  I look forward to wearing these sandals all summer long, and hopefully for years to come.
B008N6YRCK Exceeded expectations! Sandals are very comfortable. I wore them for a whole day and didn't bother me at all. My usual size 8 fit perfectly. Only wish they came in black. Highly recommend.
B008N6YRCK Love the sandals Very comfortable. Very well made. Got many compliments . I was asked many times where I bought it. It is my second pair. Before I bought white - same size but were smaller. The blue were much bigger.
B008VS5S00 Great sandals These sandals are great for summer days and my son really likes them.  He wore them almost every day this summer.
B008VT2GNG I LOVE IT From the time I received these sandals, I wear them to work, daily, I go out with them at night!!!  They are soo comfortable that I am even able to run after my kids with it!
B008YB8I0Q great sandals Very comfortable sandals.  They fit well and look great.  Very classy and match pretty much everything.  I would definitely recommend
B0090LEFQK Exactly what I was looking for... These are great sandals! I got them to replace a hemp pair I had in the past and they exceeded my expectation. They are comfortable made well, so I think they will last...
B0090LEFQK Fantastic sandals but fit a bit small First of all let me say that these sandals are awesome! It says quality all over it. That being said, the only minor issue is that I thought it would've been a little longer. The fit is very exact. Great quality nonetheless.
B00CS1R2GE Slide sandals These sandals are fabulous. I bought them to wear around the house and they are perfect for summer. I have a narrow foot and wear a 12 shoe, but these fit great.
B00DYQRLGS Stylish and very comfortable I didn't realize Timberland made sandals but they also make them in wide.  These sandals make me feel sassy and they are so comfortable. With these sandals you get the height of a heel but the comfort of flat.If you are thinking of purchasing these stop thinking and place your order
B00DYQVWZ4 Ultra comfortable These 4 in wedge sandals are so comfortable it's like walking on cloud.  They're true to size and don't require  break in.
B00E5I40YK Size is perfect for my size 11 feet Size is perfect for my size 11 feet, also wide enough. Beautiful soft leather and well crafted. I just wanted to test out this brand as so many sandals are too narrow. This brand is fine.Update. It gets better. These sandals are very flattering and make my foot look dainty. But the best feature is that the top  strap does not cut across the toes. And we all know how straps that straps which cover toes can sometimes pinch and cause problems. love them
B00E8RA1UK Love the Timberland sandals! I own several pair of these for my 2 and 3 year olds.  They seem to be very comfortable for them.  They don't leave any marks on their feet like some sandals do.  My daughter has very wide feet so its nice that you can adjust the straps on the top and bottom.  She can't wear a lot of other sandals because the toe area is so narrow but these are nice and wide and can be adjusted to her feeet.
B00E8RAOI4 Great neutral colored everyday sandals at a good price I have boy and girl fraternal twins, so I like to buy neutral colored sandals either can wear.  I purchased two pairs. These sandals are great for everyday wear, light weight and easy to clean--even after jumping in muddy puddles.
B00E8RAOI4 Love the Timberland sandals! I own several pair of these for my 2 and 3 year olds. They seem to be very comfortable for them. They don't leave any marks on their feet like some sandals do. My daughter has very wide feet so its nice that you can adjust the straps on the top and bottom. She can't wear a lot of other sandals because the toe area is so narrow but these are nice and wide and can be adjusted to her feet.
B00E8RAOI4 worst timberland sandals I ever purchased. I buy timberland sandals for my sons every year.  The quality of the ones I ordered from this company is TERRIBLE!!  They must be fake.  The straps don't fit.  Please don't waste your money!!
B00ECS3CDS Great! My husband had been wanting a nice black pair of sandals. Surprised him with these for Father's Day. They fit perfectly and he finds them very comfortable.
B00ECS3CDS Quality, Rugged/Casual, and Comfortable; For My Feet... and My Wallet. Before I begin my reveiw I need to clarify that these are NOT women's sandals. I mention this because the product description says: "Feel like a natural woman...". Knowing how Amazon debacles product descriptions from time to time, I decided to visit Timberland's website and found these exact sandals in the Men's shoe line-up. So again, these are men's sandals and NOT women's.Moving forward... This sandal is exactly what I've been searching for; quality, style/rugged, and yet casual. I've purchased Timberland products in past and their products always live up to their reputation as a quality shoe maker. The overall construction is very good; the outter sole is very sturdy, the inner sole is comfortable and contours to the bottom of my foot well, there is a memory foam liner along the upper inner housing that contours to the top of my foot also. I've worn these sandals for an entire day, shopping, running errands, etc., and I was satisfied at the end of the day with the shoe's overall comfort and performance. Also, they fit true to size and I get a good sung fit out of them. So, one should not feel as if they need to purchase them a size smaller as recommended when purchasing Timberland boots. Again, these sandals are built very well.The only turn off is that some of the glue used to seal the shoe is visible, taces of the glue seepped/oozed through some of the crevices of the sole's outline. It isn't terribly bad and it isn't noticleable while wearing, but only when analyzing the shoe up close in my hand, so I'm not all that bothered by it. However, I believe that it's a little sloopy on Timberland's part, and I'm surprized that they released a product with glue seapage exposed-this why I rate the sandals with 4 stars. Aside from this issue, I'm very satisfied with purchasing these sandals and I strongly recommend them to anyone looking for a pair of quality sandals and yet reasonably priced. I'm confident that I'll be able to get to get 2-3 season's (years) wear out of them, if so, I'll be pleased.
