B000P9E9LC wps sandals Timberland Sherrington sandal, is a excellent sandal footwear, comfortable, stylish, reasonably priced. It has excellent craftsmanship. It is especially good for individuals with imperfections on your feet, ie.( bumps,knots,bunions),it is probably the best sandal in its price range.
B000VW69IY Great Pair of Sandals I have had a velcro fastened pair of Birkenstock Tatami's that I really liked but I could no longer find them with the velcro. While searching I came upon these Timberland's and am extremely satisfied with them. They are comfortable and well made. I find I prefer the closed toe to my old Tatami's since I don't wind up with pebbles and gravel inside the sandal.
B000VW69IY Perfect Fit Ordered these sandals to wear to work and on casual social occasions.  The fit is soft andeasy; the colors is fine.  Customers can expect a really good, well made sandal when they\choose this brand.
B000VW69IY Great looking sandal These were a replacement from a previous pair that were worn out, so yes, they are a comfortable sandal that can double as a shoe.
B000VW69IY Not a great fit Awesome looking shoe and very comfy shoe for walking, but the fit in the heel never worked for me.  For whatever reason, was too big around my heel and caused a blister.  Needs a heel strap / adjustment.  Other than the heel problem, (which is a fit issue) looks like a great sandal.
B000VW69IY Awesome Shoe This sandal is super comfortable. The footbed is made of very soft cushioned leather. It also looks great dressed up with nice jeans or shorts. They are also very easy to slip on and off using the side Velcro strap. If you want a sandal that keeps you cool, but still looks nice enough to wear to fancier events, take a look at these.
B000VW69IY Nice constuction and material, good fit, feels comfortable. Bought these as a &#34;dressy&#34; summer sandal, and they fit my needs rather well. The side strap is a little difficult to adjust, which keeps me from giving the sandal 5 stars.
B000VW69IY Very Confortable This sandal is very confortable at a great price.  The color is kind of yellowish, I would have prefered a darker brwon.  Definitelly recommend it.
B000VW69IY Timberland Men's Altamont Fisherman, Light Brown This sandal looks better than I expected. They go well with anything. Can wear them to work in a casual setting. Can wear to church. Very comfortable.
B000VW69IY Altamont Nice sandal, size OK, more medium brown tan than the lighter redder brown shown on the advertising picture on Amazon
B000VW69IY great sandal Great sandal.I think  that the best part the leather like sole. It prevents the foot from sweating, in contrast to all the rubber sole sandals.
B000VW69IY great very comfortable,very affordable,Would highly recommend them for anyone who wants a very satisfying sandal,,,Would buy this item again,and again,and again
B000VW69IY Great Sandal I love these and might buy another pair if they go on sale again. Great quality and price-workmanship is good.
B000VW69IY Beats athletes foot and plantar faciitis This sandal fits well and is comfortable.  I had experienced plantar fasciitis as well as athletes foot and this sandal has helped both conditions.  I did purchase a Powerstep original full length insole and substituted it for the factory insole.  The insole cost less than $30.00 and seems to have eliminated the plantar faciitis and the air circulation with the Timberline sandal is working to prevent the return of athletes foot.  I wear these on the golf course and around the house and find them very comfortable.  In fact I now have a brown and black pair.
B000VW69IY Super Sandal I wear these sandals all year long. the arch support is great and the air circulation keeps my feet from sweating. I am on my sixth pair and will keep ordering them
B000VW69IY The Perfect Sandal I bought a pair of these almost 3 or 4 years ago. The design has changed a bit but the overall shoe and appearance are the same. I made the mistake of walking on the beach and they got wet with salt water. Completely ruined them. Ever since I have been looking to replace them. I kept waiting for them to show up again locally and when they did they where priced at $99.95 (Amazon's price was lower). So as soon as I found them on Amazon I purchased them. They are fantastic . . . comfortable (and that is without being broken in), stylish, easy to get on and off, the soles provide solid footing and traction even on slippery surfaces. If you looking for a comfortable and stylish sandal, you have found it. But do avoid salt water.
B000VW69IY Best Sandal I have ever worn. I am on my 3rd pair and they are the best sandal I have ever worn.  I need orthotics and they work very well in these sandals.I wear them all the time.
B000VW69IY What a nice hiking sandal! I am delighted with these sandals.  I found that they were generously sized and very well padded and supportive.  I think that I should be able to hike comfortably all day in these though I haven't  been out much yet, (January in Minnesota).
B000VW69IY Nice sandal Well made. It's a little tight across the arch but ok in width and length. I possibly could have used a half size larger.
B000VW69IY good sandal I love it, I wear it when I am going and no longer wear lip lop, thanks very much, bye
B000VW69IY Most comfortable sandals I have ever worn This by far the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn and will never again wear anything less. They look just as good as they feel. I would recommend these to all of my family and friends.
B000VW69IY Timberland great shoe sandal Nice show very comfortable.  My old lasted several years and was time for a new pair.  A little break in time and they will feel just like the old ones.
B000VW69IY A Nice Evening out Sandal I wanted a leather sandal that could work well for a evening out in a casual situation.  This sandal works well.
B000VW69IY Most Comfortable Sandal I love the comfort of this shoe. It is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn. If I could find one thing that disappointed me, it would be the sole of the sandal. It wears out too fast. The sole could be made more durable and lasting, I would rate the sanda a five star.
B000VW69IY Excellent Sandal. Well made, sturdy, comfortable.  Good walking show,  Comfortable but offers ample arch support.  Attractive.  Highly recommend after wearing sandals for one week.
B000VW69IY I loved them but see below I really liked  the sandaLs; however, I could not wear them because the cardboard inserts would not come out. I had to return them..It seemed that the cardboard was glued or sewed to the sandal. I would really like to have the same sandal. Can you arrange to have it shipped to me. I am afraid that if I reorder the same sandal, I would have the same problem, or maybe the same sandals shipped.Let me know.
B000VW69IY Awesome sandal This shoe is a good looking and great leather shoe. I had to go to a smaller size for a better fit.
B000VW69IY Timeless classic closed toe sandal for men. Third pair purchased over 4 years, all from different countries of manufacture, but still look like the same durable footwear right out of the box. They are true to size and wide (W) enough to be comfortable from the moment they are put on. Dressed them up with a sport coat or down with shorts. They are a closed toe sandal that you can wear with or without socks. It you wear dark dye denim jeans there may be some color transfer to this light colored sandal.
B000VW69IY Just the footwear that I was trying to find I wanted to find a sandal and particularly of the fisherman style and was fortunate to find the Timberland Altamont Fisherman sandal on Amazon. I have purchased and enjoyed Timberland brand shoes before. I also wanted a substantial sandal for extensive walking and needed wide shoe width. The shoes arrived quickly and were exactly as I hoped right out of the box. As expected, they were comfortable immediately so need to worry about a break-in period. Unfortunately, this shoe is being discontinued. I would recommend these shoes.
B000VW69IY Nice shoe I love this shoe, it has a great fit and it's very comfortable.  I've been looking for a quality sandal for quite some time.  The best part is it's my size which is not always easy to find.
B000VW69IY Best sandal ever! I wear these everywhere. They are excellent to wear on the boat. I wear them when Im tarpon fishing and they grip great on wet surfaces without leaving marks on the deck. This is my second pair and would reccomend them to everyone.
B000VW69IY Love this shoe This is a quality sandal it is very well designed and well built. The use of high quality materials and immaculate construction make these sandals worth the price paid. These shoes are really comfortable and fit well, the inner sole is soft, yet tough enough to last a long time. I recommend this sandal as a great buy!
B000VW69IY Excellent!! 2nd pair, wore out the first ones. Very comfortable sandals and great looking too. Highlt recommend to anyone in the market for a great sandal.
B000VW69IY Timberland Altamont fisherman Beauty , style and venerability is written all over this sandal. you just cant seem to stop looking at it even when its not on your feet. its like checking out your bentley in the garage not to know if its safe but just to keep seeing its remarkable beauty. the quality it has in beauty it also has in style and durability.i am the type of person that loves to buy new shoes all the time, but with this sandal, i guess my buying days has come to an end (for sandals) because i dont think i can ever grow tired of it, and neither will it let me go easily. i guess im stuck with it for life.its a very good shoe for those that want to spend good money which is hard to come bye on a pair of shoes that will last and last and last.
B000VW69IY Quality sandal Pros:-Timberland quality (not all their new products have that nowadays)-excellent fit and style-comfortableCons:-Strap can sometimes be akward to attach
B000VW69IY MY FEET LOVE TIMBERLAND To say anything negative about the Altamant Fisherman sandal would be pure blasphemy. I have been purchasing this shoe for many years. I am obese and had three heel spur operations. Timberland came to my rescue. Not only comfortable but the quality is so high I wear them everyday of the year and they still last &#34;forever.&#34; However I do have one strong complaint. I can no longer purchase this sandal in black or oxford in my shoe size. Most unfortunate but I am hooked on Timberland.
B000VW69IY Great looking and comfortable Elegant, cool and comfortable -- best-looking Sandal I have ever had. I think I'll be hooked to this model forever.
B000VW69IY Best sandal ever! These are incredibly comfortable, durable, and nice-looking footwear.  I wish I had enough pairs to last the rest of my life!
B000VW69IY the best sandal ever I had a pair of them and wore them out  finally they started making them again.  They are the same in look and comfort
B000VW69IY Timberland Men's Fisherman Sandal is the BEST! This is the second pair of these sandals I've purchased.  They wear great, 3 years on the first pair with heavy use, and I've received compliments on them the entire time.
B000VW69IY Great sandal for my needs. Very good product.  Looks good, and I need a closed back, as I use a lift due to hip replacements
B000VW69IY Good quality sandal frm Timberland Sandal reach Kuala Lumpur as expected without any issues with packaging. I might consider buying another pair, if these work out well.Tq Timberland & Amazon.....
B000VW69IY Very comfortable shoes These are really great shoes. Allows for feet to breath and stay cool while not really looking like a sandal. If you have neuropathy this may be the only shoe that gives comfort.
B000VW69IY Timberland sandals This is one great sandal. It looks and feels really comfortable. The size and color were perfect. The sandal seems very durable and should last a long time.
B000VW69IY Perfect sandal Great combination of style,fit and comfort. Timberland never disappoints. Have had many pairs of their shoes and as usual am very happy.
B000VW69IY Climb the Great Wall Bought this as a cooler alternative to hiking shoes and/or running shoes for a trip to hot and humid China.  I wore this every day, including hiking up the Great Wall...calling this a sandal does not do it justice!
B000VW69IY Great comfortable sandal I bought this sandal in Helsinki, Finland in 2006, after I broke my big toe. It was the only shoe I could wear and not have pain. The sandal has now seen better days, it leaks, its sole has worn out and it is still the most comfortable thing I have put on my feet...next to a foot massage.
B000VW69IY Ordering another Pair! I live in these sandal shoes! Perfect fit and comfort right out of the box. I have hard to fit size 14w feet and timberland is one ofthe only brands I can wear. There quality is tops  and I always find the best prices on Amazon. I would definitely recommend thisparticular sandal. Its solid and comfortable but still light and airy. Perfect.  WG.
B000YDBG9C kyle bay sandal made blisters on top of my feet.  hoping that will stop when broken in.
B000YDBIJU highly recommend... Really comfy sandals. Better than expected. Great look and feel. More than satisfied.  Thank you timberland. I highly recommend this to gentlmen that prefer this style sandal.
B000YDBIJU Timberland Altamont Sandal Great shoe. Fits well. They goe well with anything. Can wear them casually to work or when I'm dressed up.
B000YDBIJU Very comfortable and well built Fits as promised. Very comfortable and well built. This sandal is worth every penny spent.
B000YDBIJU Great sandal This is my third pair of these sandals. Very comfortable and they look good as well.For the price they are hard to beat.
B000YDBIJU Beatiful design ! I like the design which does not look like too much sandal. I looks like a casual shoes. It is the design I was looking for. Very comfortable. I will buy another one if no problem is found in 2 years. Thanks for the nice product.
B000YDBIJU nice shoe for any occauasion I like the fit and it is not very heavy able to ware this sandal out for dinner or on the beach for fun
B000YDBIJU Love this sandal!!!! Have own a pair of this sandal before and love them. They have a perfect fit and are very confortable. This are my third pair so far. Have them also in brown. Great product for a great price!!!!
B000YDBIJU A HEEL PLEASURE THREE HEEL SPUR OPERATIONS STOPPED MY JOGGING DAYS. FINDING A SANDAL WITH A FULL HEEL COVERING, A SANDAL WITHOUT AN OPEN FRONT OVER THE TOES, DURABLE, COMFORTABLE AND A VELCRO STRAP THAT WILL LAST THE LIFE OF THE SHOES WAS MY GOAL. THIS IS THE SANDAL THAT DOES IT ALL. IN FACT I NOW WEAR THEM ALL YEAR ROUND AND HAVE PURCHASED NUMEROUS PAIRS. WATCH THE OFFERS BECAUSE WHEN THERE ARE SPECIALS YOU CAN SAVE A BUNDLE.
B000YDBIJU Sandal shoe They are just what I wanted for a summer shoe. They can be used casually and for dress purposes. Comfortable!!
B000YDBIJU Timberland's not like old style all leather sandal. I have a pair of Timberland all leather sandals and these new one's do not compare to the old style. I do not understand why Timberland ever went away from their all leather sandal. A big mistake.
B000YDBIJU GR8! Comfortable, rugged, a good fit! Love this pair! I wanted a sandal that I can wear in humid weather without socks, and this fits the bill perfectly.
B000YDBIJU My second pair in the last five years The sandal is the second pair of Timberland that I have purchased.  I have worn the same sandal for five years, and decided to purchase another pair.
B000YDIC62 Strong sandal. I like the sandal, it looks good, strong and cheap since I get a big discount. The delivery is fast as promised. But since there is stitches in the middle of the sandal, it's hurt my foot.
B000YDYYOQ Best Sandal This sandal is really good. Very confortable. The only problem is the fabric on the top that could be more resistent. I received one as a gift last year and I bought 2 more now!
B000YDZWFQ Could be better This Sandal was narrow than what the actual picture display. Its light and comfortable though.
B000YT5ZAW beautiful leather This is a beautiful leather sandal with a comfortable walking sole.  The straps are a bit snug at first but break in well.
B000YT9FZ8 Rayna slide - in & out The color is terrific. The style is nice, the leather is superb, as is the workmanship. The problem is my foot doesn't feel secure in the sandal and moves around to much.
B000ZJZSJY Absolutely Awesome Shoe! I teach and stand on my feet most of the day.  This sandal provides support and is extremely comfortable.  I have bought almost every color.
B000ZJZSJY comfortable and stylish Delivery arrived on time. I usually wear 7.5 and I had ordered 7.5 white for me and 7 for mom, they fitted perfectly. It is very comfortable and stable on foot. From the exterior it is very chic and made up of high quality materials. I am fond of this purchase.I recommend this sandal.
B000ZJZSJY Great comfortable white casual sandal Comfortable, cute and can be dressed up if needed.  A big improvement over flip-flops.
B000ZJZSJY I love this sandal.  It's very casual chic and super comfortable! I bought this sandal because I needed a basic black sandal that looks chic with casual clothing, but it actually looks wonderful with a little bit dressier outfits as well.  It's comfortable to walk around with and you don't need to break it in!  I get lots of compliments on it.
B001F0QHUG Very Comfortable This sandal is very comfertable.  The front is a little tight when first try on.  But after a few days, it is much better.  Now I can wear this sandal to shop!
B001FB5P12 good idea... My husband is very choosy about his sandals.  He is active and has a bad toe so it is important that the fit is adjustable and that he can run, walk, canoe, garden etc.. in them and have them remain secure on his feet.  The fit is good and easily adjusted.  Unfortunately, the back velcro closure does not stay securely closed.  It works open.  So close to the perfect sandal and yet so far.
B002NX010G Moms sandal Got this for my mom. It does not look very glamorous. Rather looks dull and old. But very comfortableand durable it seems. The sols are good plastic and the cushion is very well made. Overall, not a fashion sandal but a very good comfortable one.
B002OHEEG8 Works Nothing really impressive about this sandal to me. Very flat, very light...should be more like a 7 or 8$ shoe. It has the feel of a very cheap shoe, fits kinda awkward; unless your child has more caveman like foot. Overall, it will make it through summer school, I think.
B002OHEEG8 Timberland Sandal My son loved he shoes he wanted to wear them every single season.  Yes that includes winter.  I actually have to hide them to keep them off his feet.  They are also a great water shoe!
B002OHEEG8 sandal Got this sandal for my nephew as a bday gift just in time for summer, he and his parents loves it!
B002OHEEG8 great durable sandal I purchased these for my 15 month old son.  They are easy to adjust, durable, and most importantly, stay on his feet!
B002ONBCFI Awesome, well made shoe I bought this shoe for my little guy to have a sturdy sandal to wear this past summer.  I wanted to be sure to get him something that would last and be comfortable.  I definitely got that with this sandal.  It is very well made, very sturdy, and he loves wearing them which makes me think that that are comfortable for him.  Plus they are super cute!  I definitely recommend them!
B002POC3MW disappointed I was quite disappointed with this sandal.It is not padded so your feet feel as if they're on the ground.Not the most comfortable timberland.
B003LBWOCM Thrilled with Timberland! I really like the arch support, the Velcro straps and the well constructed soles of this sandal.  This makes my 2nd pair of Timberland sandals, and I am more than satisfied.  It truly rivals Birkenstock.
B003LBWOCM The worst sandal I have used It has sharpen edges every where, hurts the skin. There are many contact areas without pad protection which burn the skin with a few steps.
B003LBWOCM The Size is different from other timberland's shoes I've bought ths sandal size 12 because I have another shoes from Timberland size 12, but this new pair is small, my heel got hurt and some of my toes are outside of the sandal.
B003LBWOCM strap cut my foot The front strap of this sandal cut both of my feet high on the front of my feet.  This is unacceptable.  The strap is made out of a coarse material which was harsh and cut my skin.  Also the flat surface of the sandal is dense causing my foot to perspire.  I love ths design of the sandal.  It needs a more absorbent surface where the flat of the foot meets the sole.  The strap where it contacts the foot needs to be made out of a more skin gentle material.
B003LBWOCM TIMBERLAND Men's Granite Trail Ray The sandals look good and appear to be well made. The only problem is that the straps are not padded very well and produced a blister on the top of my foot just behind the left toe. The sandal is the correct size. In my opinion the Timberland brand is not what it once was. They need to pad the straps better. I would not buy again.
B003VMVXDW Couldn't Wear Them I tried for two days to break these in, but my feet are chafed and even bleeding in several places. I just can't wear these sandals.  They should be taken off the market.Timberland Men's Granite Trails Sandal
B003VMVXDW it's ok for now.. will need a new pair soon it ok .. will probably last the summer season... not as supportive as the ecco yuctans.. but will do for now..  needs more support.. if you plan on wearing these all day like i do ... get a different sandal ...
B003VMVXDW Trailway Sandal This is the worse pair of sandals I have ever owned.  The straps are unforgiving--wearing them is like putting your foot in a bear trap.  I've tried to "break them in" and the straps are still as stiff as boards.  Timberland would only take returns if there was a defect in workmanship.  The defect is in the design and materials used.  Tried moleskin, helped a little but they still chaff.  My other Timerland sandals are not much better (T-Back Sandal).
B003VN4VTY Worst sandal ever I have owned this sandal for about 1 year now and have tried, emphasis on tried, to wear them 3 times (just around the office). Each time I end up with bleeding toes and sore spots just under the ankle. The material this sandal is made off is stiff and unforgiving. The heel strap is too short and keeps coming off. I am certain this was my first and only pair of Timberlands.
B003VR2A2K Great Sandals I bought these as a gift for my wife and she absolutely loved them!  They fit well and are well constructed. Definitley a great sandal.
B003YB9ZEE Great Sandal - very versatile Had watched this sandal hoping to catch it on sale, but with quantities getting limited, I went for it.  I purchased 9.5 W in red.  It is adjustable, definitely accomodates wide foot.  I often have to size up to a 10, so I would say if on the fence, go down 1/2 size.  These sandals were extremely comfortable straight out of the box - coming from someone who seldom wears heels at all, more of a jogging sneaker type person.  Adorable with jeans or a skirt, dressy enough for most business environments.  The red is pretty true to the picture, more earth tone.  I would have taken off 1/2 star for value if I could have - the price is in line with the quality, if you find your size on sale, grab it!
B003YC48QS Second pair of this design that I have bought. I bought these to wear on a mission trip but I found that I wear them all the time.  They are one of the most comfortable shoes I have bought in several years.  The sole is wide enough to give one a good feel for the surface you are walking on, lending a sense of stability.Hopefully, this basic format for a sandal will be used and available in a completely closed-in shoe (not a sandal).  However, I wear this with dark socks even in the winter.
B003YC48QS Timberland,s Fisherma sandal The sandal delaminates at the arc on the left sandal..though used about 3 to 4 times a month..
B003YC48QS the company irresponsible the company is irresponsible, because I was ordering the dollars and discounted merchandise never came to me ... much less the amount of money returned ... and at the time of the order allegedly was available the number of sandal and color pedi ... IRRESPONSIBLETimberland Men's City Adventure Fisherman Sandal
B003YC48QS Great Sandal This has to be the most comfortable sandal I've had. Usually they eat into my heel or rub against your ankle. This one has been great so I ordered another one in black after getting one in suede. Can be used at work and for casual outings. I really didn't have a break in period so out of the box was ready to go. Anti-Fatigue sole is also great. I probably wouldn't run a marathon in these but for around town great choice.
B003YC48QS good sandal, sizing different from others I ordered this sandal after receiving Timberland Altamont sandals which I LOVE. This sandal, in the same size and same mfr, is narrower by a half size or so. I ended up sending it back.
B004VOE3P4 Timberland Men's Fells Slide Sandal - 11 M - Black At first not adjusted right and hurt toes, left blisters.  Adjusted velco just right for more room for toes and much better.
B0058RMG4I Timberland Women's Stratham Heights Ankle-Strap Sandal I love them! they're really comfortable, and very stylish! The quality is excellent. The color is also beautiful. You'll love them, too.
B00590KXH6 Excellence in Leather... An early Mother's Day gift from my husband, S., this sandal fits well and feels terrific.  The leather is soft and well-stitched.  It fits firmly on the foot, yet does so without a lot of leather covering it, so your foot breathes and shows on all sides quite attractively (which I'm sure is the main reason my husband bought this for me, ha!).  I wear an 8.5 and this 8.5 brown slide fits glove-perfect.  The footbed is soft, but not "slickery" and the stitched heel-cup is as comfortable as it looks.  The sole, although not tested on slick surfaces yet, seems to be on the sticky side and I expect no issues in that regard.  My only complaint is that the centered, Timberland logo on the sole is a bit deep and will collect an inordinate amount of debris, but the rest of this sandal overcomes a small niggly-bit like that.  At less that $60, this slide sandal is a comfortable and great-looking bargain.  You'll not be disappointed in this one ladies.  My husband can sure pick 'em!
B00590WN42 Wow! I have somewhat wide feet and a bunion on one of them so I have to be careful in the styles I choose.  This sandal is fantastic.  The elastic allows it to conform to my feet, is wonderfully confortable and looks so good I bought another pair.
B00590WN42 Great Comfortable Sandal I bought these to use on a trip to China in the summertime.  I researched long and hard for a comfortable sandal that provided some support and didn't look like an arthopedic shoe!  These were totally perfect.  I was able to wear them with skirts, jeans, and shorts and they looked super cute.  Most importantly, they didn't give me any blisters or rub my feet in any way.  The ankle strap kept them secure and the cork footbed provided cusioning and also kept my feet cool and dry in the hot weather.  The leather is quality and after LOTS of walking they don't look worn out in anyway.  I'll be using them for a long time.  I would recommend these shoes - they are a really good quality and a cute alternative to ugly old lady walking shoes.
B00590WN42 Comfort and style A little snug around the ankle strap but are honestly the most comfortable shoe I own. I walked for about 2km the first day I wore them and I had no rubbing, blisters or sore spots. I love that these shoes have elastic at the ankle strap and where the straps go over the front of the foot - so no waiting for the leather to mold to the shape of your foot - instant comfort, would be great for people with a bunion. If your looking for a nice COMFORTABLE sandal that is dressy enough to wear to work or out on the weekend with a dress buy these shoes.
B00590WN42 Style and comfort I chose this sandal because I wanted something stylish but rugged and comfortable enough to stand up to tromping around town. These sandals live up to all that. I worried a bit about whether the ankle straps would chafe, but the leather is soft and giving. The footbed is also nicely padded for standing...My only issue is that they probably run about a half size too large: I purchased a 7 and should have chosen a 6 1/2...
B00590WN4C Great quality but... It's great quality so the Timberland name definitely holds up.  Problem is that the sandal is mainly fit for a wider, 'heavier' kind of foot.  My feet are thin and narrow so the size (once determined at 5 1/2) was not the issue.  I snapped on the shoe and my foot just sinks into the sole leaving a big gap between the top part of the sandal and the top of my foot (I tried adding a 'stick-um' forefoot gel pad to help--no good).  Also the ankle strap buckle dug into my ankle and didn't sit right on my foot when I loosened it.All in all the shoe looked great...on others' feet, not my own.  So thin and narrow feet, beware.
B00590WN4C Great sandals I was sceptical about the height of the sandal at first but after reading all the good reviews I took a chance. When they came in I was thrilled. They really are quite comfortable and also very light weight as well . Over all a great sandal to match almost anything .
B00590WN4C Fits well but back of the sandal hurt Looked great early on but when I walked a bit longer in these I hurt the back of my foot. So it'd ok if you don't plan to walk much in it
B00590WNQU Women;s Earthkeepers Montvale Sandal Pretty and very comfortable sandals.  They are light.  The color is good, neutral brown  and does not show the dust.
B00590WRTS It must just be the name? For being a well thought after shoe company this particualar sandal is uncomfortable. It is priced higher than many others and is not worth the money. I had to return these withing a week. I knew from the first day that the fit was horrible and I would not be able to wear these for extended periods. Shoot I couldn't even wear them for 30 min. before the sandals upper straps were causing discomfort. I would not recommend these to others and would have given it one star if everyones foot was the same. Since, we all have different feet and what I feel is discomfort some one else may enjoy. I am leaving it with 2 stars but don't let me talk you into buying these as well. I would buy Neuralizer's instead...by far a better sandal. I reviewed that brand as well.Overall, I would not buy this Timberland sandal if I were you but it is your money and your feet theres no changing that. I hope this review will help others in finding the right sandal.Portions of if not all of this review was provided by Jessica B.
B005A7R150 Nice casual sandal Very nice lightweight sandal that looks great and is easy to put on and off.  Got it for half price used and it was like new.
B005A8M5IW breathable! Bought these for the boyfriend and he loved them! You can workout,bikride and go hiking in them! Def a good shoe/sandal!!!
B005A8MTMO Great sandal Great sandal, fits well. I should have bought a wider size but so be it. It still looks great. I highly recommend.
B005ADLX4Y Beautiful sandal, takes awhile to break in Hubster wanted these sandals and, like another reviewer mentioned, they do take awhile to break in the backs of them.  He had blisters on his ankles wearing these but they eventually subsided and  now, he just loves these things.  And, they're the FIRST sandal he's ever worn that I do not think look ridiculous.  These just have a very neat, attractive appearance and hands down, are the nicest ones he's had yet.  By the way, to soften these up a bit faster, grab a bottom of baseball glove conditioner.  It really helps to break them in faster.  Highly recommend!
B005ADLX4Y Good quality, but ... the sandal is very well made and comfortable, good arch support, and it very well except the back ankle design. The back of the shoes is little high, after a few minutes, my ankle back skin is red,and a day later, my left ankle is skinned.  and  it will hurt my skin. This should be design problem. I not recommend.Add review, after one month later.After a week break in, now the shoes is one of my favorite sandal, now I prefer give it 4+ stars. If you can endure some skin first, I recommend.
B005FHWT5C Timberland Kids Belknap Sandal Excellent fit, comfort, well made and look very stylish.  Receive many compliments on these shoes and they wear extremely well.
B005FI1VE6 timberland mad river 2-strap sandal good construction, solid, confort and style the sandal is very nice and my kid love its very good product. thanks
B005FI1VE6 Great sandal Sandal is very nice in color and very durable. The inside is soft and fits really great on my 18 month old.
B005FI1VE6 Very durable summer sandal! I love this sandal!  This is the 3rd summer in a row that I have bought them for my daughter. They are comfortable and incredibly durable and they fit great too.  I love that they are water resistant so they can be used for water play and when they get dirty they can just be rinsed off and are good to go again.  I highly recommend these sandals!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandal First pair of sandals for the little guy...he LOVES them. He doesn't slide around in them like alot of kids do wearing sandals. Great sandal very well made.
B005FI1VE6 Support of a sneaker with the breeziness of a sandal! My daughter loves wearing these. Best part is because there are two adjustment straps they've been able to grow with her. There's a pad on the heel part which prevents rubbing/blisters. The top strap will sometimes rub the front of her ankle if it's too tight, but nothing serious. Great for summer and water play!
B005FI1VE6 Perfect summer sandal My 6 year old loves these sandals.  She can put them on and off by herself with the velcro straps.  The fact that they are waterproof will also help make them last a little longer.  I got a size 3 knowing this would be a little big, so that we might have some growing room.  She wears a size 2.5 in tennis shoes, so it was better to get the size up.  They stay on her feet snugly for outside play as she adjust the straps however tightly she needs.  It was a good purchase and will probably buy this brand sandal again when we need another larger pair.
B005FI1VE6 i love it Timberland Mad River 2-Strap Sandal (Toddler/Little Kid/Big..., they are awsome. My daughter love it. It fits as expected, very nice.
B005FI1VE6 Eh I was hoping for a sandal for my 15 month old to run around in camping. It was a little small. Her toes poked out, and to my dismay was treated with a chemical MICROBAN. We are a chemical free family and I did not see this written anywhere so I could make an informed decision.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe My son loves his new shoes. They are a great, very sturdy sandal. He is looking forward to wearing them all summer.
B005FI1VE6 Not what I expected to be honest the shoe is kind of ugly. For a kids sandal, the material is very hard. I also do not like the front strap. The sections are not connected only by the strap. It makes it look weird when it's on. I've now thrown these in the car as spare/just in case shoes.
B005FI1VE6 nice sturdy My daughter walked all day in these shoes. No complaints . Nice purple color as depicted. Sturdy sport sandal great for running.
B005FI1VE6 Nice sandal I shopped around a lot before settling on this one. Color combination is sharp. It's lightweight and fits my son well. He's pretty picky and these met his approval. He wore them all summer and they didn't fall apart. I'm hoping he gets some more use out of them in the spring before growing out of them.
B005FI1VE6 Great product Excelent sandal. I have 3 childs and i am always buying it. Quality and price are compatible. I recommend always.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect sandal for a beginner walker! This sandal is soft, flexible, durable, comfy, airy for little toes and is great for a toddler! I would recommend these to anyone, and you can't beat the price! I bough these for my 15mt. old, and I have absolutely no regrets.  I would buy another pair in a larger size if I got it.  He learned to walk wearing these, there was not a blister, red spot or tears even when these stayed on for the whole day.  He walked easily in them as they are very flexible.  the straps are adequate even for meaty feet, there're simple and do the job.
B005FI1VE6 wears well very smart looking sandal  - fits well as it can be adjusted with two straps. Light and looks very comfortable for our grandson.
B005FI1VE6 best sandal ever! I keep buying these sandals every summer for both of my kids since 2005 ! One pair will last the whole summer! Very comfortable-as a open toe sneaker :-) easy to put on,no worries when they get wet-the water just slips out . Straps are cushioned,and adjustable.
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River Two-Strap Sandal (toddler) These sandals are flexible, easy to put on and great for water play. Easier to fasten with the Velcro straps. They look cute on little feet.
B005FI1VE6 Love this shoe! It's a really great sandal but the size is bigger than I expected! I still kept them and my son was wearing them the next summer!
B005FI1VE6 These are great! Perfect rugged sandal for when my little guy is at the playground. Fits my 7 yr old's feet very well. Would buy again.
B005FI1VE6 sandal this toddler sandals was very cute online but when  i got them...they was so great and lovely my grandson is going to love these what a nice product..
B005FI1VE6 Great sandal! I purchased another pair  this year for my son because he outgrew his pair from last year.  I am very happy because the sandals lasted for the entire summer. I would say the sandal is true to size like your child's sneakers size.  The old ones are still in good condition so passing them on to his brother! I would rate this 4star.  He put them right on and no complaints.  There is no need to break in the shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Great Sandal!!! I think these sandals are great! I purchased them for my trip to Florida.  My son loved them and they are waterproof also comfortable.
B005FI1VE6 too heavy the fit was fine but it's a very heavy sandal especially for my almost one year old who's trying to take his first steps.  liked the color but unfortunately had to return it because it was too heavy for my boy.
B005FI1VE6 Sandal super tough and durable, beautiful and comfortable. Sandal super tough and durable, beautiful and comfortable. I recommend. These sandals are easily washed, and continue with a beautiful look, new.
B005FI1VE6 Everyday sandal during the summer My son loved these sandals and so did I! Easy to strap on, heck he learned how to strap it on himself and out the door we went. Definitely will look for these next year.
B005FI1VE6 Cute and well made I bought these sandals for my Granddaughter.  She was in need of some summer sandal and loves the color pink.  She just loved them and now wears them everyday.  Her mom is also happy with them because they are real shoe and not just a flimsy flip flop.
B005FI1VE6 Best summer sandal Fit is true to size. Very functional. Very cute.I bought these for my granddaughter last summer and we loved them so much that I bought them again this summer.
B005FI1VE6 Looks great The sandal looks great. I think it's nicer than the picture on amazon.comMy son loves it and wouldn't let me take it off his feet.
B005FI1VE6 good sandal This is a good sandal for my little boy.  It is quick and easy for him to put on, and actually has a lot of coverage for an open shoe.  It fits him well, but fits smaller than I had expected as I hoped to make them last 2 summers, and that definitely won't happen.
B005FI1VE6 stylish, and comfortable My kids love this sandal. Very stylish and comfortable. Very great color for summer. Couldn't go wrong with this. Price was okay as well.
B005FI1VE6 Nice price Nice price and a good strong sandal.  Durable, easy to wash and easy for a 5 year old to get on.
B005FI1VE6 Great durable sandal These were exactly the shoe I was looking for yo accommodate my 18 months short, 'plump' feet. A double velcro strap!! The only kind of sandal she can wear!!! My only problem is that her toes almost hang over the edge...so, I either could have used a size up, or they run a bit small
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River 2-Strap Sandal I bought this sandal for my 2 yr old grandson.  The size fits & are great for an active 2 year old.  The shoe is durable & easy to clean.  Very satisfied.
B005FI1VE6 great sandal 3rd year buying the same shoe for my boy. Great one! will surely buy another one next year. my boys love them.
B005FI1VE6 Nice summer sandal. These fit as expected and wore very well all summer. Looked almost new by the end of summer. Very good quality.
B005FI1VE6 Kids sandal Great sandal. Kid loves it. It is sturdy, comfortable, easy to get on and off, and can be worn anywhere- even in water.
B005FI1VE6 Tough ! I love this sandal perfect for my son who love the outdoors it did fit a bit smaller than unexpected for size 4
B005FI1VE6 Pretty good... The sandal is of good quality and construction.  The only downside so far is that the sandal is VERY stiff.
B005FI1VE6 Very nice summer sandal Meets all expectations; comfortable per my 6yr old; easy to put on/off; upper soles have cusioning for comfort and breathability
B005FI1VE6 Great sandal Already knew I was getting a great deal on these sandals. My son is really hard on shoes and, so far, these are keeping up with him. What's great for me is he has really wide feet and these fit nicely.
B005FI1VE6 Reliable Kid Proof All Weather Sandal Holds Up This is my son's 4th pair of Timberland sandals of this type.  Every time he moves to a new size, we get him a new pair.  We have been very happy with how well these sandals have held up.  We are also very happy with how they can get wet and it is no big deal.  My son thinks they are comfortable and he likes how they look.  This is a good quality boys sandal at a reasonable price.  And, it is fairly stylish as well.
B005FI1VE6 Great Sandal! My 2 year old's feet have been growing like crazy and he likes the open toed sandals best. Unfortunately now that it's June it seems difficult to find them. And after much searching I found these and decided to try them. He typically needs a wide shoe, but since I bought bigger hoping they would actually make it through summer the width is not an issue at all. The straps are adjustable and nice and long, so I don't think it would of been an issue even if I didn't buy larger.I would definitely recommend them and they seem to have good support, my little guy loves to wear them! I also love that they come in so many different stylish colors!
B005FI1VE6 Great colors Very good sandal and we love the colors.  Bright but not conspicuously so.  Very nautical and we live in a seaside community in midcoast Maine.  Would buy these again, no question.
B005FI1VE6 Love this sandal This is an awesome shoe, and I have purchased a pair every summer for my girls. If they get muddy they can be washed off easily, and will look as good as new. Worth every penny!!
B005FI1VE6 Very good. Pros:Looks good after 3 months of use.Strong. This sandal lasts longer than the average sandals.Comfortable.My daughter loves it.Cons:Strong odor when used daily.
B005FI1VE6 A Great Sandal I love these sandals. They have good support, good traction & are just all around comfortable to wear! I would buy another pair just like them!!
B005FI1VE6 Nice Sandal The sandal is nice, and seems strong. However it is on the wider side, so if your child has nawwor feet, it may not look, as good. True to size too
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River 2-Strap Sandal (Toddler/Little Kid/Big... My active toddler wears these all day at daycare and they provide good protection and fuctionality for summer days and playtime outside.
B005FI1VE6 Bumpy surface is uncomfortable This is a sturdy-looking sandal that fit true to size. However, as soon as my daughter put it on she started saying it hurt the bottom of her foot. If you look at the foot bed in the photo you can see it has a very pronounced raised pattern. I suppose it is to help keep your foot from slipping inside the shoe. But the grooves are very deep. If your child has any kind of sensory issues, or just has sensitive feet, the deep grooves may be uncomfortable.I also thought the thicker straps were a bit clunky looking in the larger big kid size 5 I ordered. We returned these for the Teva Tirra sandal instead. Smoother foot bed and smaller straps on that style.
B005FI1VE6 Still my favourite sandal ! A secure fit and comfortable. Loved the variety of colors to choose from. Timberland still lives up to my expectations.
B005FI1VE6 nice sandal very nice well made shoe and timberland wear well. I like the Velcro to adjust to the foot as they grow or with socks.
B005FI1VE6 My daughter is happy I bought this pair for my 6-year old daughter. She liked the color. The bottom of the sandal facing the feet are soft and comfortable. She will acid-test them this summer and they seem to be serving as expected.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect sandal My son wore his so much all summer, through all his activities, that the strap finally broke. He'd had that pair for nearly a year. So bring in pair #2, half a size larger, and he was back in business. He just turned 7, and now wears size 2.5.  He even wears them with socks sometimes. Highly recommend these.
B005FI1VE6 Good quality product! This sandal looks amazing and fits great too. The sole is very cushiony. My son doesn't walk yet, so I can just say it looks comfortable. Would definitely buy again.
B005FI1VE6 Love the Sandal It fits perfectly and my 2 year old loves it. They are sturdy and he loves running in them. Great Purchase.
B005FI1VE6 nice n gd quality! Size too big but still love e sandal alot! Will just keep it till my kid can wear it. Gd quality!
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River 2-Strap Boys Sandal The Timberland sandals hold up very well. They are easy to put on. I buy them every year for the grand kids. I usually buy the Sand Stomper which seemed to run on the small side. This Mad River style seemed to run big. All in all a great Sandal! I highly recommend them!! They last through whatever the grandkids put them through in one summer and can be worn again the next summer as hand me downs to whomever fits that size! Very well made. I will continue to buy these.
B005FI1VE6 Great color! Seemed like a great kids sandal. I loved the color. They were just too wide for my daughter's narrow feet.
B005FI1VE6 NICE SANDAL FOR BOYS Nice sandal! I got this sandal for my 6 years old boy. He loves the color and likes the style.
B005FI1VE6 very good this is a good sandal i will recommended to others it was delivered on this it is very strong my baby like it
B005FI1VE6 Nice colors, sturdy, flexible and comfortable The above says it all. It&#8217;s a nice pair of comfortable sturdy sandals. The front Velcro allows for tightening the sandal for growing feet. Lets my girl to get more mileage out of it during her playground sessions. Running, jumping, climbing. Great product!
B005FI1VE6 Timberland well done I have bought this pink sandal on several occasions for my Great Nieces. They both love to wear them throughout the summer months. I had problems finding the pink ones so was pleased to find on Amazon
B005FI1VE6 Timberland Mad River 2 strap sandal The sandal was nice but I ordered them too small.  I wanted to exchange to the next size and a refund was given to me instead of the option to get a bigger size. Not happy about that process/option. We should have the option to choose and its not given through Amazon.
B005FI1VE6 Best sport sandal ever!!!! These are so freaking awesome!!! You feel as though you have nothing on!!! I love how sturdy they are. And they don't feel weird or anything. A must buy for people who loves the outdoors !!!!
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe This sandal fits perfectly. It offers great coverage - easy for my daughter to get on and off, and perfect for her summer school that requires closed-toed shoes. Thumbs up!
B005FM5Q3O wonderful sandal my 4 year old loves it. It fits him perfect, even with a little extra room to move. Great item.
B005FM5Q3O Splendid Shoe We bought this sandal for our son last year and he loved it. It is so durable that if he hadn't outgrown it, he could still wear it. Trust me when I say that he definitely put it through its paces, too! When warmer weather rolled around this year, we went straight for the same brand and style. The sole is extremely comfortable and the material gives me peace of mind that nothing yucky will suddenly begin growing out of it. I would recommend this shoe to anyone as with three adjustable straps, it easily fits most any feet. Timberland, keep up the great quality and my family will without a doubt stay loyal. We don't take chances with our toddler's feet.
B005FM5Q3O Great product I got this sandal for my son - the same color and size combination is impossible to find elsewhere. It fits great and has held up nicely over the past 3 months. Good quality. Satisfied overall!
B005FM5Q3O My baby loves this sandal This is an amazing design in baby wear! My 2 1/2 YO totally loves this sandal.At first I wasn't sure why there was need for THREE adjustable straps but I soon found out that it was FUN for my baby to open and close/ put on and take off. It sooooooo takes the hassle out of asking him to &#34;wriggle&#34; his toes into the sandal. He sits flat on the floor and does it himself: put on or take off! And I am confident that it is a COMFORTABLE fit.(The bottom/toe strap allows adjustment to cater for slender to fat feet! You just can't go wrong)
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe Great Sandal for my two boys. Fits true to size & is wide enough for my wide footed boy but fully adjustable at the toe as well as both the front of & back of ankle straps. Was able to get a little big & strap in so hopefully they will last from our March vacation all the way through summer!
B005FM5Q3O Seemed great but if child is picky... This is a solid sandal. Don't let the "cheaper" price make you think otherwise. Maybe some are still better but the cost can get crazy! This sandal has a very solid, sturdy and stylish structure. It gives for a lot of adjustment options. It fits true to size. Unfortunately we had to return my sons because the inside sole (the part your bare foot touches) is textured, quite a bit. This may be to allow water flow if they get wet or air flow to keep from sweating or what not. It isn't mentioned in the description and I don't recall any pictures showing it...had either been available I would have known not to get them for my son. (He has Aslergers with strong sensory sensativeity so the texture was an immediate NO!) So, just an extra bit of info about a point not usually mentioned in the reviews. Otherwise, the sandal would have been AWESOME.
B005FM5Q3O finally shoes my son can put on! Have you ever tried to put shoes on a baby or toddler? Finally timberland has made an easy sandal to fit in thanks to the 3 scratch ties. My boy loves them, we love them! and they are durable!
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal! These sandals were ordered for my 5-year-old grandson....they are very well made and a bit hit with the entire family!
B005FM5Q3O Nice comfortable sandal My two-year-old son loves these sandals.  He asks for them every day.  They have plenty of adjustment and fit comfortably.
B005FM5Q3O Love how they adjust in three places This sandal is so soft and flexible. With the three velcro straps, you can easily adjust the fit on three key areas of the foot...The heal, the top of the shoe and in the toes. Its the first pair ive found that doesnt rub a blister on my grandsons foot.  Its a sturdy shoe. Id recommend this to others
B005FM5Q3O Excellent sandal for toddlers 2 months in and my toddler loves this. Very sturdy and comfortable; looks great too. The three velcro straps make it highly adjustable to any type of feet. My toddler has chunky feet and most shoes/sandals don't have enough vertical space for him, which makes it difficult for him to put them on and leaves marks on his feet when he takes them off. The only downside of having three straps is it takes longer for him to put them on, since he instinctively opens all three straps when taking them off. Planning to buy another pair once he grows out of these.
B005FM5Q3O TIMBERLAND MAD RIVER CLOSED TOE SANDAL HAVE ALWAYS BEEN IN LOVE WITH TIMBERLAND'S STUFFS.  MY SON LIKES THE SANDAL AS IT IS COMFORTABLE. NO REGRETS. WORTH BUYING.
B005FM5Q3O most comfortable this sandal is like on other it is very comfortable,soft and it is a perfect fit so i highly recommend this timberland mad river closed sandal thank you
B005FM5Q3O Great outdoor sandal for kids. She loved them! Plus they gave her the support she needed on her feet while running and playing in the backyard...
B005FM5Q3O Kiddo loves them, so I love them! Little Kid size 2 sandal fit my Little Kid who wears a size 2 perfectly.  They appear durable, comfy, easy to clean -- I think they'll be perfect for our theme park vacation!
B005FM5Q3O Great Sandal My daughter loves purple and needed a closed toe shoe for daycare and this worked perfectly. Gave her toes protection and the rest of her feet some air. She just turned 3 and they are easy enough for her to put on by herself. They are kinda rounded so she mixes the feet up from time to time but overall they are great. She loves them, they don't hurt her feet, true to size, and a great color.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal for versatility Perfect for beach or the park or to the library.  My son chooses this shoe over his others.  I am very pleased he can wear them in hot weather or with socks in cooler weather.
B005FM5Q3O A bit rustic for a baby on the inside of the sandal is not lined and is very rustic material for a baby's skin, the colors are good and the design also to.the prices is good. but il by this product for a older boy about 5 years
B005FM5Q3O TIMBERLAND SANDAL I LOVE THE WAY THIS SANDAL FITS HIS FOOT AND I KNOW IT WILL HOLD UP TO THE ROUGHNESS OF HIS PLAYING OUT SIDE THIS SUMMER
B005FM5Q3O Just as shown Bright beautiful well made Tiimberland sandal.  True to size and color.  In the dead of winter grandson tried them on to make sure they fit for his upcoming trip to Florida. (He just turned 3, wears a size 9)  Refused to take them off!  Both parent and child were happy w/ this gift.
B005FM5Q3O Resistant and confort! This is a very resistant and confort sandal. I bought to my 5 year old son and he really like it. I really recomend it.
B005FM5Q3O Fantastic. These sandals are great--exactly what I was looking for. They are sturdy, comfortable, and nice-looking. The fit is amazing--with 3 straps to adjust the sandal, they will fit practically any foot.
B005FM5Q3O timberland sandal Bought these to have as a casual sandal for our grandson to wear out to dinner and/or to church.  They are very soft, but very thick and bulky. He adjusted quickly to wearing them and they look very good with all outfits. There is a tongue that seems to rub him slightly. If your child has a high arch instep this may really rub them raw.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal for active children I purchased this sandal for my 2 year old son, whom is very active, and I wanted him to be able to wear sandales without having his toes exposed so he wouldn't scrape them and get hurt.  I couldn't be happier with this purchase - the sandal is well made and easy for him to slip his foot in and adjust strape as needed.  I would recommend these and will likely purchase them again next summer!
B005FM5Q3O Great all purpose sandal My 2.5 year old is loving this shoe. We bought it the next size up, but the adjustable straps make it a perfect fit. She is very active and can do all things in these sandals including hitting the sprinkler park for some wet play time! A versatile sandal and the color is great too!
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal Great sandal for my little guy. Love the closed toe aspect. Easy to put on and take off. Overall a sturdy show. My little guy loves wearing them.
B005FM5Q3O Cute Sandals I was looking for sandals with a closed toe for my 16 month old for the summer.  After looking at many, I decided on these ones due to price and my requirement for a closed toe (protection for little toes).  Upon receiving them, I tried them on my daughter and they fit as expected and she has not complained about them at all.  (No blisters or anything to show for a poor fit.)  My one complaint is that the top strap is quite long and bends out away from the sandal.  Either the strap should be shorter or the velcro longer on the sandal in order to secure the strap.  Other than that, very minor issue, I really like them!
B005FM5Q3O great!!! excellent sandal, comfort with great strap at the back so you can go one size up, ideal for my two years old son.
B005FM5Q3O An awesome sandal that will last This is the second time I have bought these for my son.  They will last through a long summer and still look decent at the end.  (I know because we had them last summer!)I looked around for something different this year just to mix it up, but ended up coming back to these Timberlands because the fit is exactly right, the quality is unmatched, the foot bed has actual support, the the open air/closed toe combo is perfect for a little guy on the go.If you're still helping your little one into the shoes, be sure to do a little wiggle to make sure no baby toes get stuck in the side window, that's my only caution.
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal Fits my son very well. Provides the protection his feet need. Very pleased with this purchase. Great styling which complements his clothing.
B005FM5Q3O Sturdy sandals with overly rigid sole for a less massive toddler. A rugged looking sandal that fits as expected. But had to return because the stitching on the inside was too rough for a toddlers skin. Also the sole was too ridged - mo flex as the child walks - looked like a wooden shoe.
B005FM5Q3O Like it but with few cons The color and durability wise the sandal looks great. The sandal feels a bit bulkier for my son's feet.At the same time it is difficult to wear it on the go. That is you cannot just slip it on and be on your way. you really need to spend a good 20 to 30 seconds trying to strap on etc. Not a big deal but to me sandals should be easy to wear and no hassles.
B005FM5Q3O little more than just a sandal which is what I needed for a sensory kid my son has sensory issues and will only wear crocs.  Trying to get him to wear a shoe is a nightmare.  Working up from clogs to these has been a huge step ~ now to find seamless socks!
B005FM5Q3O Great Sandal Bought these for my son, fit it just as it's suppose to be. He says they are comfortable and I love the look.
B005FM5Q3O Perfect Play Sandal I wanted a sandal that would be comfortable and cool for our day 10 visit to Orlando. Everyday was a different theme park: Disney, Universal and LEGOLAND. My daughter chose to wear these sandals everyday (even over her much coveted sneakers). They were comfortable, didn't make her feet sweat and remained odorless. Now I need a pair for my son!
B005FM5Q3O Recommended High quality and confortable. Great product. This is the second sandal from this model I buy for my son. The first one was heavily used and is still looks like new.
B005FM5Q3O Nice sandal My son like it very much. It is fit and as comfortable as I expected. Nice sandal with low price
B005FM5Q3O Not Flexible and Bulky I did not like these sandals and neither did my 2-year old. The bottoms are very stiff and the shoes are bulky for a sandal. I would something more form fitting to his foot that also offerred support and this shoe did not fit the bill.
B005FMBDD6 Great product We have a tough time finding footwear for my son as his foot is wide and tall.  This shoe fits him very well though.  So for anyone looking for a sandal for a child of that description, this one works.  It is not monstrously large, and it has a velcro strap to give you some adjustability.
B005FMBDD6 lightweight summer sandal We loved it on our petite little 2 year old's feet. The color, the design are great. However she has thin long feet and looks like these will fit better on wide footed kids better.they go on perfectly with a pair of thin layered socks, so they will probably stay. Would recommend.
B005FNCHOE Nice This sandal fits my son perfectly. Nice  shade of brown so he can wear with anything. My sone loves wearing it so it means it is also comfortable
B005GY955G Buy a pair while you can Timberland's Earthkeeper Lite sandal is a hybrid--in my opinion, the perfect mating of a walking shoe and a sandal.  I was so impressed that after my initial purchase, I bought two more pairs.  But act quickly--the product appears to have been discontinued--at least it can't be found on Timberland's own website.  And on Amazon, I see that it's no longer available in all colors/sizes.Added note:  They do seem to run a little large: I often take a size 14, but I had to send the 14's back for a 13 (which fits perfectly).
B00713499W A perennial favorite My son has worn these shoes since he was 6. They are his go to shoes over branded sneakers and any type of sport sandal. His previous pair has fallen apart from loving use and these are stashed waiting for him to grow into them.
B008KLGHL2 Sandal's in the "winter" I couldn't find sandal's anywhere, since it was January...I was very happy to find these.... And the fit was great
B008KLGHL2 Timberland Women's Barestep slide sandal This a very comfortable sandal. It fits well, it looks good. Very well made. I will recommend to my friends and sisters.Very good price.
B008KLGHL2 great sandal Although the shoe appears to run a tad bit small it still fits fine.Very comfortable and well made.  I love these shoes!
B008M27754 Excellent Sandal Best sandal/shoe I have had.  Very comfortable and durable. This is the first time I have pruchased the shoe on-line.  The experience was excellent. Arrived on-time and the shoe was exaactly as I expected.
B008M27754 High quality This is easily the highest quality craftsmanship I have ever seen in a sandal. Every single detail well thought out for comfort and longevity. Thank you Timberland.
B008M27754 Beautiful sandle First impression is this is a wonderful sandal, very comfortable with nice design and very good sole. Hopefully holds up well, made in China...However, sizes are way off, at least one whole size off. I am regularly 9.5 to 10 and this 9.5 is way, way too big. Overall sandal is very loose, so I would pick smaller size than anticipated.
B008M27754 Timberland Mens Fisherman Sandal Great shoe. I would purchase another pair without a doubt. Fits great, looks great. Can wear them anywhere and anytime.
B008M27754 Great Looking Sandal It was just what I expected.  The sandal feels great.  It may be just a tad large but I like it.  It looks good and it is comfortable for the summer months.
B008M27754 Styling is more like a shoe than typical sandal which I like but ... Runs approximately 1/2 size too large. Styling is more like a shoe than typical sandal which I like but also has adequate ventilation for hot weather comfort. Interior lining is only adequate, for this price level I expected a more luxurious lining.
B008M27754 Excellent Sandal Fit is perfect. Very comfortable. The best sandal I have owned in years. I would definitely buy another pair. Thank you Amazon!
B008M27754 Great Sandals! I've searched high and low for this sandal, been wearing them for years. When I learned that they were offered in wide, I immediately purchased. They fit perfect, shipped quick, completely satisfied. I will now order the other color.
B008M27754 Good Sandal Highly recommended to anyone interested. Infact, I love product and would like to buy it again and again. Am sure it would look more lovely if it were to be a black colour.
B008M27754 Not as comfortable as I anticipated The sandal looks really nice and made of good quality.  But in the end, what we want is comfort.  I dont seem to find it in these sandals.  May i need to break them in some more, but lets see.
B008M27754 Timmberland Men's Altamont Fisherman Sandal This is the most comfortable shoel I have ever worn.  Feels good.  Great ventilation. Classy!  I ordered and received a second pair.  I have three major brands of sandals.  This one is the best.  Thanks to Timberland for designing and manufacturing this sandal.Marvin from Oklahoma
B008M27754 Timberland sandal Run a little big! So order a 1/2 size down and the fit should be perfect.  Comfortable sandal and stylish for guys who don't like showing their toes.
B008M27754 Size I usually wear 10.5 W timberland, but I had to go down half of size on this one.Sandal look very well build, let see if this last more than 1 summer.
B008M27754 Very hard leather, weird shape, larger than the real size of my feet, expensive China made If you wore size 8M US from other brands, you should buy 7.5 C US from Timberland; otherwise you will have a lot of empty space in front of your toes; if the front of your feet is large, and you are a big man, or you're hard labor, this is your sandal.  IMHO the quality of this sandal is far behind Hush Puppies sandal; the only good one is the sturdy outsole, smart design against being broken.  The price with promotion code is still expensive; without promotion discount, it's hard to compete with other brands.  Save your money, buy the Dockers sandals, softer, nicer, more comfortable... except the outsoles are breakable after 6 to 7 months of use, but you spend only a half of the price of Timberland sandal.  And another important detail that was not on the advertisement:  this sandal was made in China.
B008M27754 Great Spring/Summer wear Very comfortable, look great very satisfied with my purchase its more like a shoe than sandal it's a great spring/summer wear
B008M27754 Great sandal Great shoes but sizes definitely run large. Very comfortable. Amazon makes returns very easy. I usually wear 8.5, but had to return for a 7.5
B008M27754 Casual/dress perfect ware however! The sandal shoe is comfortable for a long day of walking why I bought a second pair shame discontinued.on the other color,Tan,read other rating.
B008M27754 Best Fisherman Sandal On The Market This pair of Timberland Altamont Sandals is my fourth pair.  Comfortable to the max and sturdy.  I 've had four pairs that all have lasted 2-3 years as my principle summer shoes.
B008M2ZFQW Feet don't fail me now... This is a nice comfortable shoe. Im not a big sandal wearer so I tend to go to canvas deck shoes. I have only worn these a few times and they are breaking in nicely. I'm not giving it five stars yet because i want to see how they hold up during the summer. I live in Phoenix so we will see how they hold up...
B008M4UN0S nice sandal but a 1/2 size up i was excited about purchasing this sandal and although i read that you should order up because the sandal is narrow, i still bought my regular size anyway because i have very narrow feet. however these were too small! Even though they are very nice. If i ever buy timberland sandals again i will definitely order a 1/2 size up!
B008M4UN0S I LOVE IT! This sandal was at a great price when I purchased it. It came out better than what I had expected. Its absolutely comfortable for everyday use.
B008M4UN0S Great sandal; can wear with dresses or pants This slip-on sandal is extremely comfortable. It isn't heavy or hard on the bottom of your feet. When I wear them I feel as if I'm have a foot massage on the bottom. Relaxing footbed.
B008M4UN2Q Style Is Nice But... I ordered this sandal in my regular size 9 and noticed that heal of my foot hangs off by a hair. You may need to order a 1/2 size up for this sandal. Even with some wear and loosening, so that my foot slides up in the sandal more, it is still somewhat short.
B008M4UN2Q should have gotten a half size over The sandal runs a smidgen short. They will be too much of a hassle to return though so I will just keep them I guess.
B008M4UN2Q Cute sandals There's just something about the style of this sandal that I just love! It my second pair, got brown many years ago and they're still going strong and I do rag them out! They start out a little tight across the band, but very quickly mold to my feet.
B008N6YJKA Great summer sandal with dress or shorts Shoe looks great and fits great. Usually where a size 9 and this none fits fine no extra off back and feels comfortable.
B008N6YJKA Timberland Sandal I have these shoes in black, and I am also going to order the red ones.  They are comfortable and attractive, and goes with just about anything.  The price was great for a Timberland shoe.
B008N6YJKA 5 star sandal i gave this sandal only four stars since it runs a little bit loose around the toes. i don't have slender feet so i can't give you that excuse. timberland just runs a bit bigger. i have tried the 71/2 but it's just a little noticeably small so i stuck with the 8. they are very well made in usual timberland manner&#8230; they pay attention to detail and quality. very satisfied.
B008N6YJKA Love them I am not a sandal wearer but I must say I really like this shoe and would recommend it purchase.  It also comes in other colors.
B008N6YJKA Timberland sandal I love this sandal, it is comfortable, the sizing is accurate, I may order another pair in a different color.Happy Feet
B008N6YRCK Love this sandal!!!!!! I really liked the brown color on this sandal, it is more of a bronze color. They are also very easy to walk in.
B008N6YRCK Beautiful piece! I have back problems that's why I buy wedges instead of pumps and this wedge sandal is simply awesome! Very comfortable and the sole feels very strong & durable.
B008N6YRCK not very comportable the Timberland Women's Maeslin Backstrap Sandal, is nice, but not so comforatable ase timberland other shoes, so I had to return it back.
B008N6YRCK Timberland Maeslin Sandal I would have preferred a rounder toe to give it more of a cool casual vibe.  Not a fan of the pointy type toe on sandals.They were somewhat small, so fine for sitting but not too much walking.  Other than that, love the quality.  The color is ok.  They are feminine, but not outstanding enough to add another pair to your collection if you already have a lot of shoes.
B008N6YRCK I love ir Very Confortable and excellent quality ,  I`ll purchase the same sandal in other color.  It is very soft anti fatigue
B008N6YRCK THIS IS TIMBERLAND! Sandal very soft, comfortable. The height of platform is ideal. Materials are natural. The price was also good. I bought two pairs to his wife and daughter. Heel made of natural cork, therefore sandal very light.
B008UQR1G2 Loves this sandal The perfect sandal! The most comfortable heel I've owned.  All that was left was wide but it worked out perfect
B008UQR1G2 Perfect Sandal Perfect sandal. The leather is nice. The size fits perfect.Love it and can't wait till the summer season starts.
B008VS521K Timberland Star Island Sandal Success sandals every day, size fits claimed flexible soles, top of the skin performed. Trendy and stylish and comfortable. Wear health.
B008VS5S00 Good sandal My daughter enjoys wearing these.  The bungee cord laces are a bit difficult for her to use independently, but she is getting used to it.
B0090LETR0 fitted close the sandal fitted too close even though I purchased them a size over. I am not sure if the sandals are available in wide width.
B0090LETR0 Good Sandals The sandal was purchased for my husband.  He wanted a cooler shoe for summer.  Obviously this has good ventilation.  It is also very well made and looks terrific.  He's happy so I am too.  Amazon was easy to deal with as always.
B0090LF974 Too heavy! Overall it's not bad, Stylish, Quality. The ONLY complaint is it's too heavy. It's a matter of the material that Timberland uses to build this sandal.
B00DYQVWZ4 TIMBERLAND WOMEN'S DANFORTH WEDGE SANDAL, BROWN i love these shoes they are so comfortable, the picture is a true description, they fit like a glove and they're quiet too.
B00DYQVWZ4 Most Comfortable Sandal I Ever Own! I walk a lot and walking with the wrong shoe can be painful.  After reading many reviews I decided to give this sandal a try. Sincerely, I wish I would've found their earlier.  They are very comfortable, the padding make you feel like you are walking on feathers. I have a very high arch and not all shoes works for me, but with this sandal I can walk miles. I wear shoe size 6  and this sandal is a perfect fit for me.  Overall, I recommend this sandal.
B00DYRPX9O My kind of sandal These sandals are very comfortable.  I love the style and they came in wide, so they fit me perfectly.  I would definitely recommend them.
B00DYRPX9O Nice solid working sandal This sandal is dressy enough for work, but also has a solid Timberland heel and sole.  It feels really soft and stable and my footsteps are quiet (a nice side effect).  I have wide feed so I ordered the wide size 8.5.  I would have preferred a bit more coverage over the &#34;fat&#34; part of my foot, but the front strap is a little too low for complete coverage.  Left foot felt like a slipper  the first time I tried it on, (super comfortable, I mean), right shoe a bit tight, but it stretched out nicely after one day of wear.  This is a great shoe!
B00DYRPX9O Great style and fit for mild to moderate bunions! So hard to find a good-looking, well-fitting shoe, never mind SANDAL that doesn't bother my bunions (which really never hurt unless the shoe doesn't fit over them well.) These cover and contain my feet just right without having to go to a wider width (which never works well for me) and the comfort of the rubber platform sole makes the heel height easily tolerable. No pinkie toe problem either like some of the strappier styles can cause. These look great on my feet, give me those extra few inches I like, and can be dressed up or down. Couldn't be happier with this sandal. :) Only wish I'd seen them here first instead of paying over $20 more at Nordstrom.
B00DYRUE5W Comfortable but took some time.. The reason I gave the sandal 4 star ( and not five) the time it took to wear it in ....Once I have been putting on ( with you know..wet socks,walking around in my kitchen while cooking...) several times I have to say the sandal became quite comfortable..The part which was uncomfortable first is the front , where needed stretching, and I ( think) I do have narrow feet...So submitting it... I would recommend , not for anyone with wide feet though..
B00E5BJNL2 Sassy wedges! This sandal is gorgeous! I bought the brown, and loved the style, fit that I came back for the black pair. The quality of the leather and the workmanship is fantastic! This wedge is very comfortable and can be dressed up or be wore with all your summer dresses, skirts, capris. This is a must have ladies!
B00E5I2GPU Didn't like the sandal I didn't like this sandal for one they were hard to get on.  I would rather have a sandal that slips on.  Once I had them on, they were OK,
B00E5I40YK Great shoe I love these sandals! They are very comfortable and well made. They do not have tons of support, but do have more cushion than your typical flat sandal. Well worth it!
B00E5I4V3K a little large I love the look of these sandal but they fit a little loose. The length is fine but like most sandals are a little big in the body. I wear them but they are not my choice for a lot of fast walking.
B00E8NA3AM Good sandal for kids I was looking for a close-toed sandal for my son, these are perfect. They are nice and airy to keep him cool, but he can still run in them and I don't have to worry about his toes getting skinned up. Seem to be well made too.
B00E8RA1UK fast shipping Found these sandals for my 2 1/2 y.o daughter. I love that they can get wet and that her toes are covered. She's pretty tom boyish. The colors are bright and the shipping was really quick. The only things that I was a little disappointed by were that the straps were stiff so my daughter had some trouble doing it herself but maybe with time they'll soften and she'll get the hang of it. Also the front portion of the sandal was a bit narrow for her foot so the velcro is always exposed on the lower strap. I would still buy these shoes again.
