B000073TM3 Great Shoe! Bought this boot for my one-year old grandson.  He'd just started walking (running!) and his parents stated that it fits and looks really good.
B00009WM7J Exactly as expected The shoe was a perfect fit. I had already tried the shoe on in the store so I was confident about the size.
B00009WMIH Great Shoe Good looking shoe fits well, good height on the chukka style boot. Like the idea of it being water proof.
B0000AFSX4 Good shoe but wrong size. I like the shoe very much but it was just too small for me so I had to send it back.
B0000AT8CK Classic look, great fit this shoe looks great ..It takes a while to get used to the shoe but they're heavy duty but comfy
B0000AT8CK Be careful Be careful ordering this shoe. I ordered a Women's 11M, and I received a child's shoe.  This is the second error made my amazon because my co-worker ordered the same shoe, and she got a child size also. Even thou your order say Women's size.
B0000DFAXV good I think this style is very fit,I feel very good, very worth buying Great Shoe.I love this Shoe Will recommend these to my friends
B0002RDYMC Best Shoe Timberland Boys' 2.0 Euro Hiker Leather and Fabric Hiking Boots, Wheat Nubuck ,13.5 M USI'm pretty happy with this pair of shoe that I bought, it fits me just right and it's very nice looking. I will definitely continue shop for shoes if there are new models coming in.
B000AKVBCQ A solid shoe. The shoe is definitely built well, strong and good looking.  My only concern is the steel toe tends to rub on the left side of my left foot a bit.  Other than that the shoes are great.
B000AKVBCQ Problematic shoe This shoe does well for the first 4-6 months of 8 hrs. a day, 5 days a week wear and tear.  However, after that period, the sole splits right at the ball of the foot.  I bought a second pair thinking I was rough on my shoes from working in a warehouse, but the second pair did the same thing in the same amount of time.  They are a comfortable shoe in the beginning, but it just doesn't seem to handle daily wear. Either a poor design, or poor materials.  Not worth it.I am definitely looking for a different shoe next time.
B000AKVBCQ Large Shoe The shoe was too large for my foot.  The 11.5 size was right for my foot heel to toe.  but the shoe itself was rather big.
B000AKVBFI Awesome Fit to size and great shoe for the money.  Very lightweight to have steeltoes.  This is the most comfortable shoe i have worn in a long time. Highly recommend!
B000AKVBFI Love this shoe!! My work use to have this shoe then they quit carrying it and I was totally upset!! I am so happy that I found this AWESOME shoe again!! This was the only shoe that kept me working in a factory after crushing my heel bone and 6 pins put in it!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this shoe!!
B000AL1EPE Fit Great, Nice Work Shoe, Comfortable This is the 3rd pair of shoes like these (same brand) I've gotten.  the first pair lasted 2 years, they are very comfortable.  I do a lot of walking on the job, walking on different terrains, etc.  I continue to come back to these shoes, having a hard time finding anything I like better!  For a steel toe shoe, in a wide width, they are very comfortable!
B000AL1F0S Excellent comfortable shoe This is my 2nd shoe.  This is the most comfortable shoe ever!  I could run a mile in these shoes.
B000BB15ZC nice shoe love it i use this shoe for work as a ups driver need very good shoe and this mach my needs
B000BB15ZC Great shoe but a major flaw in the design Okay I have bought two different versions of this shoe one in black the other in brown leather with green nylon. Both were incredibly comfortable. I loved them for the time I could wear them. However, that was only for four days. Seems in order to save some money (on a 120 dollar shoe this amazed me) Timberland decided to use bent metal eyelets for the shoe strings on the lower half of the shoe rather than a more durable cast eyelets or simple punched eyelets. Note I'm not talking about the hooks on the upper half but the lower portion. After wearing them for four days the eyelet broke at one of the bends. This type of quality fits well for the 50$ or under crowd but the 100$ or higher I just couldn't believe it. Also, note this was the second pair not the first, as the first one came with the eyelet already broken. They were so comfortable that I gave them a second chance. Unless Timberland replaces my eyelets with cast ones I'll be returning these and won't be giving them a third chance. These boots are for those trendy types who want to look like the outdoors type at the clubs but are not for the outdoors. Stay away from these boots as your hiking could be ruined if the eyelets fail at a bad time.Side note I've been wearing Timberland workbooks for the past 6 months with punched eyelets and have had no problems.
B000BB15ZC Wonderful shoe Great shoe for winterWaterproof, GoretexExcellent companyunfortunately size 10 is smallwhile size 10 is largeI would recommend it
B000BB15ZC It took days to break the left shoe in, but they are great shoes now that they fit my feet. It took days to break the left shoe in, but they are great shoes now that they fit my feet. They are as long and as wide as expected. I had to break in the area for the left outer ankle bone the most.  No problems with the right shoe. Your results may vary.
B000BB15ZC Awesome Shoe This shoe fits well and as expected. It is a very comfortable shoe, and stylish. I would recommend this shoe to others and I would definitely purchase this shoe again! Nice job.
B000BB15ZC Most Comfortable Shoe This shoe is the most comfortable hiking shoe I have ever owned, it is well padded and even after 15 miles of rugged jungle hiking over rough and rocky terrain my foot has no pain and no blisters.For male hikers, this is the shoe to get and I am going to say so on my Hike Barbados website.Moreover, it was comfortable right out of the box... and required no break-in period.
B000BB15ZC mass production quality had to return it once due to the center of one shoe not going down straight all the way down the shoe. other shoe was sent quickly but it also had some defects-- some scratches that were not very notiiceable but had that mass production quality to it. it is sufficient enough to work as an everyday boot and otherwise everything else is fine.
B000BFIHVS Excellent Great shoe. Fits well, very comfortable right out of the box. Love 'em. Would definitely recommend these as a casual shoe. I won't be hiking in them, so no comment about that.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe for all seasons. I love this shoe and it fits like a glove. I would wear this shoe with a thick socks or hiking socks.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe for the money and comfortable too! I got this shoe about a year and a half ago and have worn them while driving a truck and farm tractor and working around heavy machinery in all kinds of weather and they have held up really well and are very comfortable.
B000BFIHVS If the shoe fits, wear it! Excellent shoe.  Fit perfect, feels great (no break in required), and looks good to boot (no pun intended).  This shoe will be hiking many miles with me.  The price was very reasonable too.
B000BFIHVS nice shoe love it i use this shoe for work  as a ups driver i need good shoe and this match my needs
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots This is my second pair of Timberland Boots. I purchased these on line because it was $22.00 cheaper than the shoe stores in my home town. I also bought the same exact style I first owned.  I use them as my everyday shoe. Changing them only when I need to dress up. I found them to be warm for all kinds of hiking and motorcycle riding. Very tough and light. Constant wear with alternate mink oil and brown shoe polish they have lasted in almost perfect condition for 3yrs. The only part of the shoe that is wearing out is the sole, and the front toe rubber coming loose from the toe of the shoe. Still wearable, not waterproof any longer, I still use them for rough outside wear. I highly recommend them for any, and especially outdoor nature activities as they are comfortable from day one of wear. Break in period maybe a couple days.
B000BFIHVS nice shoe Just what I was looking for - a strong and sturdy shoe/boot made well enough to handle construction work and last longer than many of its competitors
B000BFIHVS Great shoe Great shoe, Fits comfortably. I wear it for working and it provides good cushioning. I have wide feet so it was perfect that they had the W version
B000BFIHVS Great Shoe! Great fitting and comfortable shoe. You cannot go wrong with this multipurpose hiker. Got a great price and with Prime, 2nd day shipping was free.
B000BFIHVS sizing needs to be better. My hubby has a big wide foot, It would be better to have the size for example 14 wide double e , something like that.than the way this shoe is stated. All in all, he loves the shoe. we will be looking maybe for a hard sole boot shoe that will give more support.Thanks for askingMary
B000BFIHVS Durable, Comfortable, I wear this shoe daily and it is the most comfortable shoe I've owned.Thanks so much Amazon and your Customer Service for these great pair of Timberland Men's Boots.They are everything I expected.These boots are well made, true to size, reasonably priced and my boyfriend loves them.His early Christmas present&#9786;
B000BFIHVS They changed this shoe I purchased this exact same shoe in 2010 and wore them for 2 years straight, every day. They were great, amazing, wonderful.So I bought this same shoe AGAIN and.........I regret it. Even when ordering the SAME EXACT shoe/size/style, it is a different shoe. Not sure what they did, but it pinches my toes and hurts my heel. Overall, it is NOT a comfortable shoe. I keep hoping &#34;they just need to be broken in&#34; but it's been a month or two. I'm really disappointed.Buyer, beware.
B000BFIHVS Shoe lace problem! Works as advertised. I don't like the shoe lace. They keep getting lose. So, you are constantly tying your shoe lace in public, again and again.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe this shoe fits like a glove and should wear a very long time. It is compfortable and looks good and I didn'r have to spend hours looking for it.
B000BFIHVS Looks good; fits bad When I opened the box I thought that this is just what I wanted; a light duty trail shoe. Fit was true to size and the construction seemed ok, but when I put them on, the leather top on one shoe pressed into my foot and made the shoe unwearable. I've had this problem with a few other shoes/boots over the years, so it does happen. Nevertheless, I returned my pair and decided to look for a different pair of boots.
B000BFIHVS Fantastic Shoe Got it quickly to brace the impact of the winter storm. The shoe arrived in the next day with Amazon Prime free shipping, which was fantastic. Extremely comfortable, and looks durable. My two roommates asked me if they could try it on, and both of them promptly ordered for the same shoe from here. Very much impressed.
B000BFIHVS Great Shoes I wear this shoe daily and it is the most comfortable shoe I've owned. I'm on my 3rd brown pair and 1st black pair.
B000BFIHVS comfortable but not very durable My foot is 4 1/2&#34; wide so I ordered a wide shoe. The toe area is not very strong on top of shoe.Very comfortable shoe though.
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable The shoe is very light and comfortable.  I used to think a boot needed to be heavy to be well made, but not anymore.
B000BFIHVS Hooray, Timberland (again). It is a very stylish and comfortable shoe. Because of the Timberland name, I knew it would be a GREAT boot!
B000BOFDF2 Woman wearing a boy's shoe I ordered these books for work and they serve the purpose but they do nothing for absorbing the shock of a concrete floor. I realize this shoe is for young boys but a little more cushion would have been great.
B000C2EU2K great shoe I have had these before which is why I bought another pairtotally satisfied. comfortable and durable  I would buy again
B000EAPXNK Great Buy I didn't regret buying this shoe in anyway. Perfect fit, great price no two ways about that.When I wore this shoe for the first time it had few heads turning and people keep asking where I got such a decent shoe and saying you must have paid quite a price and they were so amazed when I told them the price I paid.Looking to order similar one but a different colour to add to my collection.
B000F0ENA8 Horrible and over-priced shoe These shoes hurt!! The arch inside the shoe is way too high, so all my weight  is concentrated on the arch of my foot. They are not wearable, and they're sitting in the box collecting dust. I can't believe I shelled out 90 bucks for these. IT's my first pair of Timberlands, and I thought the name would correspond with quality and comfort. Well it doesn't!!! They're cheaply made, the shoes are thin, and there's no lining inside, so it's very uncomfortable. If you're looking for a comfortable shoe, try the Rockports.
B000G21BSC Great Shoe! Thinking about buying another pair as this is the one that fits so well.  I wear an 8 1/2 but I wanted to be sure I had extra sock room.  Socks are just as important as the shoe.
B000G21BSC Very comfortable shoe. I purchased this shoe for my wife.  It was delivered in just a few days.  Excellent fit and finish.  The shoe definitely met our expectations.
B000G23DQK shoes The shoe is very nice and comfortable to my son. He was pleased with the quality of a shoe being ordered from on line.
B000G23DQK IN MY ANGLE I'm not 100% sure if this is original or fake, because when i purchased a second hand like this,the leather of that boots is pretty hard and unfortunately i returned it because i didn't realize i have a 2W feet so i choose this product. it's hard to choose online shoe product because they don't have exact sizes that you want. IN MY ANGLE  the left shoe is pretty okay and the right shoe is like kinda large, they're not look the same,maybe to the point of my view  and in my top view its kinda bulky into my perspective maybe i'm not yet getting use to it. All in all it fits perfectly , my feet doesn't hurt, i feel comfortable and my sister told me in her perspective it's pretty good and it fits right to me and i believe that. and in my instinct they can't counterfeit this kind of brand.
B000G23DQK GREY TIMBERLAND BOOTS The shoe is very nice but the one problem that I have is the shoe laces. They are too short. When I lace them up I can get the shoe lace to the top eye lid. I can ollny get it to the 2nd eye lid. I wish the boot laces were much longer. If I did not already wear the boots I would return it. Other than that the boots are a great buy.
B000G23X74 Good, comfortable shoe. Don't wear in rain, though I love these boat shoes, but I was wearing them to the movies one summer afternoon and it was a torrential downpour outside when the movie ended. My shoes got quite wet, and as a result, the sole of the shoe came detached from the shoe. I had to super glue the sole back onto the shoe, in the right place.Aside from that, this is a fantastic product and you cannot beat the price here.
B000G23X74 Men's Timberland Boat Shoe Great quality as you would expect from Timberland. The sizing is a prefect fix and the shoe last as you would expect it too.
B000G23X74 Not really Timberland Quality I worked for Nike back in the days when Timberland was in Newmarket NH. I got to work with some of their engineers doing factory installations. I got to see first hand what boot/shoe quality was.These boat shoes are very thin leather. The sock liner only goes half way into the shoe. Simply not what I would expect from Timberland.
B000G24LJS great price these shoe its a steal i love this shoe i been tried to get these shoe for a long time but was to high. when look on amazon they had them for 80.bucks i had to get them im more  then satisfied with the shoes
B000G24LJS Don't know if it's because the shoe is new ...but this shoe feels great and feels right.  My feet are contoured with each step, I feel like I'm walking on air compared to my Eastlands these are replacing.  I don't even need shoe inserts.  Very well made shoe.
B000G24LJS Great shoe, great fit and a great all-around price. Timberland makes a very good shoe and all around footwear. Amazon is the place to get this shoe at the best price. I will shop nowhere else..
B000G24LJS Nice shoe After not having much luck with Sperry and some others (sizes varied a lot) was pleased that these shoes fit right - the 10 M fit just right to my 10 D foot.  Seem to be well constructed.  Maybe not a shoe to be walking a long time in, because you can feel the lugs thru the sole (thus one star down)  But for a pair of shoes to wear out with jeans or khakis, these fit the bill.  Service from Amazon was excellent.
B000G24LJS Great Shoe This is the third pair of this shoe that I have owned (size 15 EE).  Love them.  They last forever.
B000G24LJS this shoe will remain a classic Classic Tim shoe from the 90's era & still as rugged yet smooth... 5 stars Timberland better not ever discontinue this shoe!
B000G24LJS Very Satisfied Shoe exactly as described. Fit is good. Very Comfortable. Excellent  good quality. Highly Recommend this shoe. Very Satisfed with this purchase.
B000G24LJS Most Beautiful Shoe Ever Made I love this shoe, and my co-workers asked me where they could buy them.This shoe is casual and professional, and looks excellent with khaki pants. The quality is good, and it is so comfortable. This shoe is the symbol of good products made by the U.S.I will buy this shoe as long as they have it in the market. It has a perfect design.
B000G24LJS Good Rugged Shoe I used to wear these for years then could not find my size. They are a good value for a rugged and comfortable casual shoe.They wear very well.
B000G24LJS Great Shoe!! This shoe is soft all over the inside. Very flexible and just a very nice looking shoe!!! Very happy I bought this shoe!!!
B000G24LJS The 90's classic and very first Timberland NON-Boot, "SHOE". I rocked these in back in 91', Brooklyn style.... Nostalgia made me search for these. Now I live in Tx and Amazon was the only placed that have them. The most comfortable shoe to date to stomp urban concrete. Do it!!!
B000G24LJS Great shoe I have been purchasing this particular shoe for more than twenty five years and I just love them. Very comfortable and good fit. Very please that Timberland has continued this shoe over so many years.
B000G24LJS Best shoe ever. Exactly as ordered. Have been wearing this very same shoe for twenty years. This is my 6th pair.
B000G24LJS Timberland Men's boat shoe fits as expected, looks great, comfortable.good looking shoe!
B000G24LJS nice A nice casual shoe for school or work, The shoe was bought for my teenage son. He wears a size 12.
B000G24LJS Great Durable Shoe Timberland products always seem to be a cut above their competition.It's nice to wear a product that provides support and looks great too!Great, durable and high quality shoe.
B000G24LJS Fabulous shoe. Has all the qualities I wanted I love these shoes for their looks and design quality. The shoes are made with very good materials and a heavy-duty vibram sole. They are a nice, casual cold season shoe. I always wanted to own a pair of Timberland, and my expectations are met.
B000G24LJS Timberland mens boat shoe Fit OK, but laces on left shoe shorter than right,not long enough.Soles are just what I need for work.Will do.
B000G24LJS Great shoe - plenty of compliments on it. One minor problem with the shoe was one of the laces broke immediately when tied the first time.  Other than that...  I have no complaints.  I'd buy the shoe again
B000G24LJS Excellent shoe It's timberland and a long standing high quality company and great shoe. It fits like all the other tims ive owned in the last 30 years and I expect the same wear as well! Great price great fit great shoe!
B000G24LJS These are great shoes. These are great shoes.  The best boat shoe or casual walking, going out shoe I've owned.  Worth the extra money.
B000G24LJS Comfortable & Smart looking - No longer to Australia unfortunately *** Updated review *** Very disappointed that this shoe can no longer be sent to Australia *** A great classic shoe. I will be buying this product for as long as Timberland make them. Great as a casual shoe with shorts, or as smart casual with dress trousers. May be next time,I would buy the size smaller,as American sizes tend to be one size larger than Australian sizes.*** The title can be misleading when it says it ships to your address, but when you go to pay, it says that it can't. Such a shame ***
B000G24LJS Excellent shoe Excellent shoe. Fits perfect to size & the price was very reasonable. I've gotten plenty of compliment on this shoe
B000G24LJS smooth105 I have had my eye on these shoes for a long time.the timberland 50009 is a very good shoe that i would buy again.
B000GCBZEW Great looking casual shoe This is a great looking casual shoe and there very comfortable I have two pairs of them.
B000HGZRYQ INCORRECT INFO Hey I got this shoe and its really cool looking and comfortable.BUT I ORDERED A BLACK AND GOT A BROWN. ITS MISLEADING, WHEN YOU CLICK ON THE BLACK A WHEAT PIC APPEARS AND VICER VERSA.I WENT BY TITLE AS IN THE LABEL OF THE SHOE SAID BLACK, HOWEVER THE CORRESPONDING IMAGE WAS WHEAT AND I ENEDED UP WITH A WHEAT SHOE! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE FIX THIS?
B000HGZRYQ good shoe good quality shoe.  still wearing 3 yrs later.  don't get them dirty impossible to clean. but very comfortable.  thanks so much
B000HGZRYQ Best pair of Shoes that I own I ordered these without knowing what they actually looked like in person and kind of guessing on the size as well, not something I normally do. I did this because I could not find a decent pair of timberlands anywhere in person in store, although I did try some on for sizing purposes, but not this exact model. I was very skeptical at first because I had noticed there are 2 different types of timberland shoes of this exact same make. They look very similar to one another, except this pair has a black shiny plastic-like piece centered under the shoe and the back of the shoe has a full length strap strip that covers it from the top to bottom. From viewing numerous pictures, I deemed this pair to be the much better looking shoe in quality and after seeing them in person, I am thoroughly impressed I made the right decision.I received the shoes late, but it was not the sellers fault, but USPS's fault for losing the first shipment, but these kind of things happen I suppose. Customer service was excellent on handling the situation and quickly offered to replace the shoes or credit back without any hassle, and of course I requested the same shoe because I really wanted them. Shipping was very fast as stated. I ordered the boot in a half size bigger than my normal boot wear as I've heard timberlands can be a bit larger and it appears I made the right decision as they fit perfectly. I would definitely recommend the shoe and shoemall again for their great products and services.Timberland Men's Rugged Street Chukka
B000IVATMA No so comfortable Not as comfortable as my other Timberland shoe. But the elastic cord to attach it to your foot is great, fast and practical!
B000KVA7YI Great shoe This shoe is amazing. I love it and wear it casually. It is a little heavy (as expected from the steel toe). It is very durable and waterproof as the description shows. It was shorter than I thought which is a definite plus. Overall, these shoes are good looking and comfortable (as long as you get the right size!!)
B000KVA7YI GREAT SHOE FOR COLD GREAT SHOE AND GREAT SELLER I HAVE ALWAYS HAD GOOD AND WHERE ON TIMBERLINE BOOTS WHERE JUST ABOUT EVERYDAY THEY WILL LAST SEVERAL YEARS
B000KVA7YI Awesome Great shoe.  Not as much cushion as theirTTitan shoe,  but excellent shoe. They  fit well and do the job. No real complaints
B000NKIGNK Very nice shoes I haven't worn a pair of boat shoes in years, but I'm glad I got these. Very comfortable. My only complaint is that the support isn't great, but most of that is due to the nature of the style of shoe itself. Other than that, great casual shoe.
B000NKIGNK Boat shoe by Timberland Came with "foam/cardboard" shoe tree, decent price, comfortable, stylish.  It is a good purchase.  Just need to wear it for a while longer to see how well it last.
B000NKIGNK Great shoes I ordered the timberland Boat Shoes from Amazon. I like to moccassins in the house, slipping them off for out door shoes. These were exactly as described and pictured, Fit just right and have the thick soles I like.Often the size is not exact [or at least doesn't conform to other shoe vendors sizes) but these shoes fit as do most other shoe orders I have placed. These required no "break-in" as some moccassins do.Just as important to me is the shape of the shoe and quality of the shoe materials. Just what I expected from the listing
B000NKIGNK Comfy shoe The shoe is comfortable but a bit heavier than I like.  Nice looking kick-around shoe.
B000NKIGNK great casual shoe This is the tenth pair of these shoes i have owned,even bought two this so to put one on reserve.My only concern is mjne ran a little to long.Still great shoe.
B000NKIGNK Quality seems to slip with each pair I buy This is the third  pair I have bought over the course of 5+ years. I order the brown/brown color.First pair was 5 stars, the next 4 stars.  This one three stars:  The dye color of the leather in the shoe is poorly matched.  Also, the foot insert is problematic.  It is removable (good), but the end covering the ball of the foot is not stiff and tends to fold up with use. Also, I swear the number of stitches per inch used to make the shoe has gone down with this last attempt, making the shoe look cheaper than earlier versions.The sole remains well crafted and should withstand long hard use. The shoe remains well priced.Oct 6, 2011 update:  this pair lasted only 4 months before the stiching along the side gave way (on both shoes).  On prior pairs, this took more than 2 years to occur.  I must conclude that the shoe maker is substituting lower quality stitching on newer shoes.  I would now give 2 stars to these shoes.
B000NKIGNK timberland shoe very happy with these.  the only thing is there is an insert that didn't stay in place.  had to take the shoes to a shoe repair place and have them glue them in.  thank you - received in a very timely manner.
B000NKIGNK Shoe review The shoe is of good quality and fit.. Very comfortable fron first step..  Would purchase again...Timberland Men's Kiawah Bay 2 Boat Shoe
B000TK6IMA Great shoe, difficult to get on. Timberland needs to put a little more elastic give in these moccasin oxfords.  That said, they a very comfortable to wear and there is room for an insole if you need to add one.  They are also much lighter in weight than other Timberland shoes...which, in my experience, run heavier in shoe weight than other comparable shoe designs.
B000TK6IMA Great, comfortable shoes I ordered this shoe for my son. He needed 'dress' shoes for a school performance. I was looking for a 'hybrid' shoe that could be dressy, but was still comfortable.I was very pleased with the shoe. My son found them to be comfortable and there were no complaints about discomfort.  The shoe's sole and interior are well cushioned. The overall construction is very good.  We recommend.
B000TK6IMA Great school shoe! Perfect school shoe.  Especially on the days my son has outdoor recess and has to change his shoes.  He doesn't waste any time with tying!Very comfy!
B000TK6IMA So far so good... I bought this shoe for school and church. So far my son states it is comfortable and easy to slip on and off. After 3 weeks it is holding up.  Would recommend if your son has a normal shoe width. This shoe doesn't work for a narrow foot.
B000TK6IMA Timberland slip on I purchased this shoe for my son to wear to school. I did not want a shoe with lacings because he destorys the lacings in a week. It arrived on time. I was pleased with how the show looked. Love it.
B000TK6IMA Beautiful Shoe This is a stellar quality shoe i have been wearing them for a month now and these are by far the most comfortable shoes i have ever worn. I would recommend these shoes if you are unsure whether you would like these.
B000UCCQEQ Very nice shoe!!! Needed a work shoe that was lightweight, waterproof and cool, this one fit the bill nicely. These shoes were comfy right out of the box and look real nice. I purchased the shoe a half size larger to put in some thick insoles, real comfy!! Yup, very nice shoe!!
B000VI8UX0 Good School shoe for the Kids I had to buy this 'cos the kids grow so fast so quickly, this will be a second shoe in 7 months. Bought it for one of my little ones 'cos his elder brother also had the same one which he's been using for a wile now. My boy was really excited to have the same shoe as his brother.
B000VI8UX0 Durable shoe, great fit Durable shoe, soft leather feel.  My son has a high instep, so the first few wears are a bit tough, but the shoe has stretched enough, and with a thinner dress sock,  that it is no longer a struggle.  The rubber piece on the front toe has started to let go after 3 months of heavy duty wear and tear, but it is only cosmetic.  We will purchase Timberlands again next year.
B000VI8UX0 Great shoe This shoe fit as expected and is of good quality.  My son also loves them because he can put them on with no help.  Love this shoe, it goes with a lot of clothes.  I would recommend this shoe to a friend.
B000VI8UX0 Great uniform shoe! I bought these for my 2nd grader as a uniform shoe. The quality of the leather and stitching is very good. The insides are nicely padded and seem to have good support. My son says he really likes them. The leather does scratch easily because it is an oiled type leather so be prepared to buff them out weekly. It doesn't take much to get the scratches out, and they do come out easily. Overall, a great shoe that can take the abuse of an 8 year old boy!
B000VI8UX0 Nice for 9 Year Old My 9 year old son would not wear any form of dress shoe.  I finally tried this one as it is more casual.  Because he turns every shoe into a slip on I thought I'd start with that style.  Success!
B000VI8UX0 Opening is TOO small! Once we get the shoe on, it fits fine, but it is just too much trouble getting the foot in the shoe, and my son is narrow.
B000VI8VBG Quality shoe! We love this shoe -- and continue to order it as my son grows.  These shoes are extremely comfortable to him and they wear very well.  Make sure you order 5.5 Big Kid, not 5.5 Toddler, as I did because I was confused about the description of the size I was ordering at the time.  I've ordered these shoes for several years and will continue to do so.  I previously used to order a similar looking Sperry shoe, but the quality went down over the years and they looked beat up rather quickly.  These Timberland shoes are very well made and last until my son has grown into the next size.  Then they look good enough to donate to charity.
B000VI8VBG This shoe must me a wide..... I liked the shoe just fine, and I thought they were very cute for a little boy. I think they run wide though, because he had so much room on the inside of the shoe, and I know his shoe size. I will pass on these.....they were returned.
B000VI8VBG Great shoe! Great-looking and sturdy shoe. My boys love them! I'm sure they're comfy too otherwise they would have taken them off immediately!
B000VI8VBG Great uniform shoe! I bought these for my kindergartner. The quality of the leather and stitiching is very nice and durable. They are also nicely padded and have good support on the inside. They do scratch a little because they are an oiled leather, so be prepared to have to buff them out weekly. Overall a great shoe that can handle the abuse of a 6 year old.
B000VI8VBG my 3 old son like them so much I was searching for new brown shoe for my little boy who enter preschool this year. they like those shoe very much and choose them to wear every day and never take time to try the other shoes
B000VI8VBG Great shoe Although this shoe is for Christmas pics that will be made, I think they are just perfect. Dressy enough for church yet soft enough for comfort. Very sharp shoe!!
B000VI8VBG great shoe Love this shoe! Design is attractive and unique,  and leather very apparent and obvious. Should've bought in brown as well. Bought the florsheim in brown, didn't like but didn't want to go through the inconvenience of returning.
B000VI8VBG Toddlers shoe I bought this shoe one size bigger and it was still a struggle to put on every morning.  We can't get this on without a shoe horn and it frustrates both me and my son to get it on.  Once on it looks good so I gave 3 stars but I would not buy again.  For that brand I should be getting a much more satisfying wear.  Thumbs down!!
B000VIAOMU stable shoe stable shoe -- resists water as long as your kiddo doesn't stand in the lake for the whole time you are fishing :-)
B000VIDXE6 Great Shoe For The Money Buying shoes for our Grandson is hard since he has a wide foot.  This shoe fit perfectly.  We will purchase his shoes here from now on.
B000VQ9QKS great shoe This shoe not only looks good but feels great. They are  very light weight so you hardly know that you are wearing them. I have not had the opportunity to really hike in them yet but anticipate they will be great.
B000VQBPOS Pretty shoes but uncomfortable I really like the color.  It is a really pretty shoe.  My only problem is that it feels so narrow.  I bought a wide shoe.  And the shoe tongue is very stuff as other reviewers said.  Wish they fit  better because i love the color.
B000VW67Y0 Great Shoe! This shoe is great! After looking around for shoes online for several days because I could never find any shoes I looked in stores I came across these. Knowing that Timberland is a good brand I went ahead and bough them. Let me tell you how happy I am with my choice. The shoe is very well made, it is light and very nicely put together. The design is simple and elegant. The inside is cozy and and has lots of cushion, great for someone on their feet all day (like me). Your feet can breathe and feel comfortable.I definitely recommend this shoe!Be cautious of shoe size, I usually get a 11.5 and these were too big. But no problem I returned and got them a half size smaller at the same price thanks to Amazon!
B000VW69IY Fisherman Saddle I've been looking to replace an older pair of these sandle/shoe for quite a longtime. I was very please that they were available through Amazon. High quality and good looking shoe.Thanks,Tony
B000VW69IY Shoe Lacks Good Sole . . . I like the shoe, they're nice. I have bought 3 pair (on sale). The only problem with these shoes are the sole. They have 3 "ribs" running from toe to arch. The ribs wear out quickly and allow water and gravel to enter in. I would not buy a pair of these at full price because of this intentional design flaw. The rest of the shoe holds up well, which leads me to believe these "ribs" (like many products these days) are purposely manufactured in to fail after a time, so guys like me will buy another pair (on sale, of course).
B000VW69IY Great Shoe Great shoe .Love the fit  .I use orthotic  arch supports an everything fits very comfortably .I also get great comments on there looks .
B000VW69IY Great shoe, feels great Just as most of the reviews state, this is a great shoe, feels great and good support and the wife's likes them too!
B000VW69IY comfy shoe 2nd pair I've had, love'm. best summer shoe ever. like the fact that they don't have laces, velco is cool.
B000VW69IY Over sized. It's a well made and handsome sandal but the size is not right.  Maybe it's mislabeled or or just didn't come out of the shoe werks right.  I have a closet full of size10 shoes that fit correctly.  So, my foot is very standard.  This shoe was a half inch to long and loose on the width.  Some of my shoes are even wide rather than medium.  I don't know what happened here, but this shoe was not even close to right for me.  I returned it.
B000VW69IY Great shoe Great shoe fits good and is very comfortable and made very well and would recommend to my friends and family
B000VW69IY Great shoe This is a great summer shoe.  It is very comfortable, it fits well, and it is high quality -- quite well made.
B000VW69IY Great shoe...Much better I love these shoes. I ordered and had to return some Clark sandals because the left shoe seemed to be smaller than the right. These Timberlands fit so much better, are very comfortable and look really sharp.
B000VW69IY Great summer shoe/sandle. They are a very, very comfortable shoe or sandle. I love the wearing them. This is my second pair. Best for summer or in the house.
B000VW69IY comfort These sandals are one of the most comfortable I have ever owned incl. Birkinstocks.  Great neoprene soles are easy to clean.  Only con is when dirt get into shoe one has to remove the shoe to shake it out.
B000VW69IY Great comfortable shoe Why would you buy the same model shoe twice? Because your want to make sure that your feet are not going to miss the feeling of wearing this shoe on years to come. This is my second pair of shoes of this model. The first pair I bought them a year ago... and boy that every time that I wear them, they are getting more and more comfortable. I don't wear socks with these shoe and is a pleasure for my feet no matter how many hours or the conditions. You are going to love these puppies...
B000VW69IY Poor quality control inspection on the manufacturing and inspection of shoes. Upon receipt of the shoes, I found the right shoe to be a 12EEE width.  It felt very comfortable and I was happy.  However, trying on the left shoe I found it to be very tight in the front part of the shoe.  I did measure the widths of the soles and found the left to be 3/16&#34; smaller than the right.  My guess it was a Medium instead of EEE.  I am very happy Amazon has such a good return policy.  I would hope that Timberland would improve it's quality of manufacturing so I would not get two different widths of shoe.
B000VW69IY An All Day Shoe My husband has worn this shoe for years. Out for dinner, with shorts, and for working on projects inside and out. Says he hasn't  found such good arch support in a shoe this comfortable and versatile.  He buys them 2 or 3 at a time because when He wears them for work he's pretty tough on them -- and then I won't let him wear them out of the house!
B000VW69IY Timberland shoe Wonderful shoe, great quality.  Ordered the medium width for my husband, other choice width wise was large.  Unfortunately the shoe was far too wide and we had to return them.  We were very disappointed, as the shoe was perfect.
B000VW69IY Excellent shoe/sandle Just go back from vacation, wore the shoe for casual and dress, it is very comfortable, feels and fits like a tennis shoe except it is heavier which is the only draw back but it is a sturdy shoe with a durable sole.  I would purchase it again
B000VW69IY A comfortable pair of sandals My concern was the color (after reading some of the reviews) but the actual shade was even nicer than the picture and the fit was excellent - very comfortable. I've only had it a few days but I love the shoe. I am about to leave for Singapore and India and will update this review if the shoe develops problems. So far, it has exceeded all expectations.
B000VW69IY A good comfortable, sturdy shoe with a few problems. The shoes fit well and are comfortable but the Velcro strap arrangement keeps pulling out of the tension device when you try to put it on. You have to take the shoe off and thread the strap through the plastic holder and hold it while you try to slip the shoe back on.
B000VW69IY Good Quality, good price, satisfied with purchase I have Diabetes, although not so bad a cut won't heal on my foot.  Neuropathy ia a problem, feet extremely sensitive, so Foot comfort is NO# priority.  I have feet that are totally flat and shaped like a duck, no arch at all.  Fisherman shoes are hard to find in extra wide sizes but the shoes I had worn every day for 6 years finally gave up. The velcro wore out on the straps. I searched for days on the web for fisherman's with a buckle, but the only ones I could find were D width. These shoes are listed as 2E width.  I wear a 4E, but thought I'd give them a try.  I found out that Timberland no longer makes these so I'm guessing that what's out there is all that's left.  Some reviewers said that the shoe is a little big.  The 2E width proved to be just wide enough for me and when I first tried them on, they felt a little like a new shoe, but I never had a moments discomfort. After a week of constant wear my feet are comfortable and the shoes feel completely broken in. Size 12 length ieaves about an inch of wiggle room, but I always buy 12 because the longer shoe puts my bunions at the widest part of the shoe where a shorter shoe pushes my foot further towards the front where the shoe is 1/4 inch narrower.  My ankles overpronate and buying shoes has always been one big hassle for me, especially online as you don't know what your getting until they arrive. I always try to find a shoe locally, but it's proven to be a waste of time. The shoes might be a little large, but that's a big plus for me as my foot can't tolerate the least bit of binding.  I wear fisherman's shoes 98% of the time, even in 6 inches of powder snow, while I'm clearing off the windshield of the car. I wear conventional men's type dress shoes only to Church on Sunday, or to a rare special event where I have to dress casual instead of my normal more than casual, (but not people of Walmart), over-the-hill-gang attire.  My shoe requirements are: heel and strap are comfortable, not loose, shoes do not move on my feet, but for the front part of my shoe, a thickly padded leather dinner-plate would work just fine.  When I come home from a day of traipsing around Home Depot, Lowes, Walmart, Costco, etc. I don't want my feet to be hurting.These shoes are stylish, comfortable - they just feel good - never the slightest discomfort.  I'm happy as a clam.W.O.
B000VW69IY Nice shoe but size runs small. Unfortunately I had to return these shoes because they were too small.  Also the top of the shoe comes up on the foot too high for what I feel is a comfortable fitting.  I really liked the appearance of the shoe and the quality seemed good.  Just not the right shoe for my foot.
B000VW9RFG Great shoe I love this shoe, it goes great with jeans.  They are discontinued so I just ordered a second pair as a backup.The run a 1/2 size large.They stay on well, I can actually even run (briefly, not a marathon) in these without them falling off.
B000VWBEDY Timberland Men's Speke Bike Toe Oxford, Tan, 12 M The shade of the shoe appearing on the Amazon ad is not the same as what is shipped to custom. The dye of the insole/ inner section of the upper tend to mark my white sacks. The bottom of same shoe appears to be pulling apart from upper after just one and one half months (1 ) of wearing same shoe. Note shoe was not worn in water or hazardous environment.
B000VWD4LE Comfortable shoe... big as a boat This is a very comfortable shoe.  The only issue is that it is so large that it looks awkward with normal clothing.  The service from the company that provided it was excellent.
B000VWEHJW My favorite work shoe ever This shoe is very comfortable and I really like the way it looks. My only complaint is that they seemed to have stopped making it for some reason.
B000VWEHJW Squeak,Squeak,Squeaky When I purchased and received this model shoe I was very pleased. I throughly inspected them for any noticable defects and found none. They were comfortable and fit well. My first shoe purchase online and I was very pleased....until they started squeaking. It started within the first couple weeks of wearing them. I purchased them with the intentions of wearing them as a indoor work shoe but they are so annoying that the sqeaking causes distractions at work. I took the time to clean with saddle soap and applied work boot oil to them in hopes the sqeaking would stop but to no avail it continued. It appears the problem is in the heel of the shoe. Inside the thick rubber heel is where the squeak is coming from. I can only speculate but it appears it's not solid and might be pourous like a sponge, maybe designed for comfort or just plain defective. I suppose I could saw them in half to see for myself since I won't be wearing them anymore. It's sad because they're such a nice shoe.
B000VWEHJW Timberland quality I have been wearing timberland boots for about 6 years and have always been satisfied with my purchases but this was my first time for their shoes.  These are a great quality work shoe, very comfortable right out of the box and don't look half-bad either.  They do scuff up pretty easy but thats a minor annoyance.  I am disappointed that this shoe is not offered via Timberland's web-site and am guessing that means it has been discontinued.  It is so hard to find good quality/good looking size 15 work shoes so we'll see. ***Edit 5/29**** While still comfortable after only a few months of wear these shoe really started going downhill.  They look very worn and the bottoms are coming loose.  Very disappointing since I expect a lot more from Timberland especially considering the price.
B000VWEK58 Not Available This shoe was not available in my size. I like this shoe so much I wanted to buy again. I tried another size, but it was not to be.
B000VWEP12 Comfortable and Stylish Comfortable and Stylish this shoe feels great and although they're shoes that are already broken in. Looks cool too
B000VWEP12 Timberland Palladian Shoe The shoe looks good and fits well but has some kind of rough texture that constantly irritates the heels while walking.
B000VWER5G Timberland loafer The shoe itself is nice; however, one of the things that made this particular shoe phenomenal was the piece of elastic at the FRONT of the shoe. This allowed the shoe to conform completely to whatever shape foot was in it - wide, extra-wide, normal. I have searched for weeks, and as far as I can tell, Timberland has ceased making this shoe with the elastic band at the top - now it's just leather. I won't buy this shoe anymore, although it's a good shoe. It's just another good shoe, and I can find a different brand that's just as good for a lower cost.
B000VWI9XC comfy shoe very comfy slipper like feel & a nice looking shoe except it has a small round orange colored Timberland logo on the back which I find unattractive
B000VWJIUK Excellent, durable shoe...casual, yet good for office work... I wasn't sure if I wanted a shoe this expensive, especially for work use but this has been a good buy thus far. I wear these oxfords to work every day and usually go thru a pair evry 6 months. I'm a physician who is on my feet all day. I usually get something a little on the heavy side with thick soles and tread and this shoe fits the bill perfectly. I've been using the Dockers Gordon black shoes (I've gone thru about 6 pair) usually which work well and last for about 6 months, but I wanted to try something different in the hopes that they last longer. My last shoe was the Rockport Halleck Blacks and they were a complete disappointment. Completely worn out after 2.5 months !These are very durable and heavy but extremely comfortable. The have some loud touches like an orange band in the back of the shoe and a bright brand label on the sole, but if you get past that aesthetic, it's an excellent shoe that keeps its shape with heavy use. It's also airport scanner friendly.Overall, a great buy, though on the expensive side.
B000VX01MS Stylish Boat Shoe I purchased these for my husband because it is his favorite boat shoe.  He is on this third pair.  They are not only great looking, but have a very sturdy, non-skid sole for sailing.  Very high quality boat shoe!
B000VX01MS Greatest shoe ever! I currently have one and I am just waiting on some extra money for me to purchase this one.  This shoe looks good and fits so well.  It's super comfortable!
B000VX01MS pretty good shoe i have always been a fan of timberland i love their merchandise. i bought this shoe for my younger brother . and im pretty sure he loves it too..
B000VX01V4 Timberland Classic Shoe I've worn these for years and have tried other brands but Timberland is the best.  They wear great!  A good looking shoe and comfortable.  Easy to take off and put on.  I keep a pair for dress and one for casual - and one for working hard.  They are non-slip so wet surfaces are not a worry.
B000VX01V4 Good, comfortable show First impressions:  I usually wear an 11.5 in tennis shoes (nike).  I ordered 10.5 in this shoe and it's still just a tad too big.  But, they are comfortable, and if I wear socks with them in the winter, they fit just right.  They look good on the outside, and they cost less money than other brands.  The insole is indeed flimsy, and hardly attached to the bottom of the shoe.  This allows them to slide around, and judging on your walking habits, curl up and be uncomfortable.After breaking them in:  I fixed the insert!  I super glued the insert to the bottom, and and it no longer slides or curls.  Over time, they have really set into the shoe, and become outrageously comfortable.  I love wearing these shoes.  The have molded to my foot, they don't smell atrocious, and they breath well.  This is my first boat shoe, and I now believe the hype.  I wear them to the lake or pool as well, and I haven't noticed any negative side effects of getting them wet.Would I buy them again:  I might have bought a lighter color if I could go back, but I do believe these are a great value (AFTER I super glued the insert).Buy small!
B000VX01V4 Not fit well I've another pair of timberland boat. While previous one fit well this new, same size, boat shoe, doesn't fit my feet.
B000VX01V4 "Go To" Workshoe My husband has been wearing Timberland Boat Shoes for work for over 15 yrs. It is the only shoe he'll wear for work and he was extremely happy to find it on Amazon since it has been more difficult to find in stores lately. He is a healthcare professional and works at a hospital so he likes them because they're comfortable, breath well and are well made so they hold up and stay looking good. He's tried other brands like Rockport and other boat shoe companies but finds Timberline to be the most comfortable and well constructed. He has narrower feet but they don't gap and stay on well.
B000VX01V4 Boat Shoe Classic This is a nice-looking shoe.  It's a great shoe for casual wear during the summer!  I recommend its purchase by others.
B000VX01V4 Timberland Classic Boat Shoe I've had the shoe in the past, and loved it. It is still the same shoe with the same good fit.
B000VX01V4 Really what I expected from this brand Timberland is a great shoe and comfortable as ever. This is a shoe or long lasting. Really what I expected from this brand Timberland is a great shoe and comfortable as ever. This is a shoe or long lasting.
B000VX01V4 came as quite expected it is comfortable and fits well! just that the shoe is starting to have some cracks in the strings and laces
B000VX01V4 Top 3 Brand Original Boat Shoe Producer When one speaks of Timberland, a rugged tread moc toe boat shoe design traits oxford comes to mind. Then the dk. brown with white sole classic boat shoe that everyone was told when they bought them to 1st wear them bare foot in ankle deep luke warm water for 5-10 minutes, then wear them all day. That night allow them to air dry indoors. Then a day to finish air drying then put them back on day 3. Now you have a custom fit boat shoe that is molded to your foot's shape, and the white slip resistant sewn on sole is soft yet stands up to years 7-10 yrs of abuse. Timberland has this Root-beer colored classic boat shoe with a gum sole allowing for fall & winter wearing w/o the white sole model that I feel looks best barefoot with shorts or sockless with khaki's during the spring & East-coast summer's. You can't go wrong with this shoe, and when broken in correctly, they will stand the test's of time and what ever you throw their way. A true classic shoe!!!!
B000VX01V4 Well made shoe This shoe is well made. Fits very comfortable. Was a gift for my husband and he wore them all day. These are great to wear with shirts, jeans or casual pant.
B000VX01V4 Comfortable These boat shoes are very comfort. I would love to have another pair. The only thing, I thought the shoe was darker then advertised.
B000VX01V4 Well made mens shoe Have had these shoes before and they were very comfortable. This pair did not disappoint. Well made, very comfortable. I would definitely buy them again.
B000VX01V4 shoe great shoe, but i advise whoever to buy this to remember there exist size, because I was not sure what my size was. It was a gift for someone, and it fit fine. So I guess its OK.
B000VX01V4 Great Timberland Men's Classic Boat Shoe,Rootbeer/Brown,12 M Timberland has always been a quality brand.The quality of the leather, the termination, the material of the sole and the laces are impeccable.The only thing that could be improved is the midsole that is detachment and dancing inside the shoe.Would you purchase a product with these features.
B000VX01V4 Boat Shoe I found this shoe to be quite comfortable and still a little bit dressy. It is ideal for social occasions. Most shoes can be uncomfortable until I am able to beak them in but it has not been the case with this particular shoe.
B000VX01V4 A bit  roomy A very nice shoe  but the sizing is off a little. I ordered a 13m  and the shoe was way too big. I  returned them for a 12m and they fit perfect.
B000VX01V4 Boatmans shoe This shoe is everything I expected and more. Its a very heavy shoe, with very high quality leather. I would recommend a pair to anyone looking for this style of dress shoe. These are super comfortable as well.
B000VX01V4 beautiful shoe I was so happy to find this shoe on line. It is just what my husband wanted, very happy with the style & fit. A well made shoe for a reasonable price.
B000VX01V4 Great shoe, great price Everything I expected.  Fits well, comfortable, good looking.  Recommended for a semi-dress boat shoe - appears to be a solid, quality build.
B000VX01V4 Nice change from the Sperry brand This my second purchase of the Timberland brand boat shoe.  Having worn Sperry top siders for the last 30 years I wanted to try a different shoe.  The new Timberlands Annapolis shoe arrived and from the first time wearing them I could tell they were as comfortable as my old brand but with the added frature of real foot support. Along with added support, I felt more secure around the topside of my sailboat under all conditions. That was early this summer and those  same shoes are stashed on the sailboat for boat only use.  I purchased this second pair of Timberlands classic for all around wear.  Time will tell how they wear for the long haul.
B000VX01V4 Good shoe Takes a couple of wears to break in but the quality of the shoe is very well made. My husband wore on a trip to the carribean and they were very good walking shoes
B000VX01V4 Classic Boat shoes I have had a pair of these for years, they are my favorite timberland.While these have a thinner sole than most timberland the shoe is comfortableand wears great.Glad I found these at Amazon as a lot of stores don't carry this version of shoe.I would recommend these to everybody.
B000VX03GC Great Shoe I find the shoes to be a very good fit and a very comfortable wear. I have a job that walking on the concrete floor has given me a lot of problems because of the injuries to my knees that I sustained in the military.  I've had a hard time finding a shoe with enough support to walk on the floors at work. But this shoe is just what I needed and I've not had the problems since wearing the shoe. Thank You
B000VX03GC my husband just love this shoe this is 4th time buy this shoe. it&#34;s so comfortable and wears well. Timberland is a great brand of shoe
B000VX03GC well made shoes They fit good, light weight and seem to be a well made high quality shoe. Have not wore them yet so that's all I can say.
B000VX03GC Timberland shoe I bought these for my husband. He is on his feet all day.  The shoes are light.  But at the end of the 1st day the tips or front part of shoe was starting to tare apart. I have always had good luck with this brand of shoe so I ordered without seeing product.  Maybe we just got a bad lot or something.
B000VX03GC Good fit Nice shoe.. Fits as per the size chart.. I ordered men shoe.. For females it may be different..they should have mm size description as well
B000VX03GC Very comfortable This shoe required no break in, it's comfortable right out if the box. Shoe looks great. I wear them for a job that requires me to be on my feet all day, sometimes in poor weather.
B000VX03GC Good hiker These are very nice hikers. I do a lot of hiking in fairly rugged terrain and brush. These hold up well and are very comfortable even on long hikes. That being said, they are surely not for every foot, and I also bought after market insoles to replace the ones they came with. I do this with all my shoes because the manufacturers don't care about insoles and just want you to buy the shoe. If you are just using the insole that comes with any shoe or boot you are probably not getting the most out of your shoes-especially work boots, athletic shoes, and hiking boots.I use Powerstep Pros in all my shoes. I have slightly narrow feet and high arches and the Powersteps are a good fit for me. I've tried the Powerstep Pinnacles and the fabric peeled off from the insole-on the one I bought and four other replacement pairs. I would suggest that you avoid those. I take a pair of the Pros shoe shopping with me and replace the insoles of the new shoes before I buy them, just to make sure they feel right. I am very picky about my foot comfort.So if you are serious about a good fitting, comfortable hiking boot, these Timberlands are worth a try- but whatever shoe you choose, do yourself a favor and get some good insoles to go with them. They add about $30 to the cost, but if you are on your feet all day long and your feet are tired or aching, good insoles are worth as much as the shoe.
B000VX03GC Great shoe The boot looks and feel great but I needed to wear them in short periods of time because they run a bit small. That is not necessarily the shoe. I usually buy 3E and these are 2E. I m' sure they will break in fine.
B000VX03GC M is constructed narrower than a few years ago - sole & tops I've had a pair the same size in the past. They were super comfortable. Current sizes are narrower. Matching sole & shoe top of older shoe & this one, showed newer shoe was narrower.  I went to a store to check fit, after sending these back, store size dame as these = narrower. Bought a wide at store was traveling the next day. even the wide has some tight spots that the few year old batch did not have.
B000VX03WQ Euro Hikers No Longer a great shoe I've been a fan of the Euro Hiker for many years. In fact they had been my choice of shoe for many travels throughout the world. Unfortunately recently Timberland has changed the design of the shoe....for the worse. The old pair I'm wearing right now have a bellows tongue which serves to keep scree, gravel, and such from easily getting into the boot. Timberland has recently decided to remove that feature so now hiking/walking down any lose packed trail will result in rocks in your shoes. Its a shame...the Euro Hike used to be an awesome boot.
B000VX04DO BOSS Put it on this afternoon and immediately felt the difference between a  14 ' shoe that has been around a couple times(2-3yrs) to a 15' wide. Laces do not look too strong though so i'll buy some here. works out to be a lot more cheaper to bring it down than to buy this shoe at home. most likely i'm buying another come next payday
B000VX04DO looks great received quick. fit okay. a little expensive but i needed a black shoe to look good for work so i got them
B000VX061O Nice Shoe This is just what I stated, a nice shoe.  I am particular about my shoes.  Shoes are among the very few things (as far as clothing) which I look at brand names.  I like my shoes to be comfortable and I don't like long break in periods.  I will not wear shoes which are not comfotable.  When first putting this shoe on I thought it was a little stiff and was concerned that it might take a while to break in.  After wearing the shoe for a few hours I felt that it was breaking in well.  I was pleased that the shoe broke in fast and comfortably.  I understand boat shoes are not meant to be walking shoes, but I still want to be able to wear them regualrly without worrying my feet are going to be worn out.  These shoes do just that.  I can put them on and go for regular wear, when I don't plan on hours of walking and they are good.If you are looking for a relatively comfortable, casual shoe I recommend this shoe.
B000VX061O CAUTION If you specifically want the shoe that is in the picture, you will not receive it. Altrec is the company that supplies this shoe. After receiving the shoe i called Altrec and they said that the picture on Amazon must be a mistake. They then directed me to thier website [...] They stated that the picture of the shoe on their website is the one that i will receive if i order the shoe again from Amazon or directly from them. I have been scouring the net for some time looking for the shoe that they had pictured on amazon. I really liked the distreesed look of the leather and the light brown/tan color of the boat shoe. Even after having failed to find the boat shoe on the Timberland webiste i have concluded that that boat shoe in particular has been discontinued.FOLLOW UP: Finally at the 3rd order i received the boat shoes that were pictured and only because Amazon took over the order and sent them to me, not Altrec.  Not exactly like the pic, but very very close. Maybe a new version.
B000VX061O Wrong shoe The shoe I wanted in the picture wasnt the the shoe I ended up receiving.  Once I received the wrong shoe, I read reviews on it an one told me the exact same thing, that if you expected to receive the shoe in the picture, you wouldn't get it because it doesn't exist.  He sad he returned them twice n still didnt get the shoe he wanted.  On the third attempt he got a shoe that looked close to the shoe he saw in the picture and decided to keep them.  To avoid this I decided to just keep the shoes I received I am satified with them.  Just don't buy these shoes if you expect to receive the shoes in the picture.
B000VX061O COMFORTABLE SHOE It looks good and is quite comfortable. I liked the knap and the color. The shoe matches many leisure clothes outfits.
B000VX061O Timberland boat shoe I've worn this shoe forever.  Excellent look, goes with everything, and you can slide them on and offwhile you are tying your tie.  A best buy...
B000VX061O Great Shoe!!! I got these for my husband for his birthday just before we went on a cruise to the Bahamas.  They are a high quality shoe, the Timberland logo proudly displayed on the shoe and really comfortable.  My husband has wore them with and without socks, depending on the dress for the day.  They are comfortable either way and run true to size.
B000VX061O Boat shoe Seems to be very well made. Only have worn twice. Comfortable! Also good looking shoe, hope to have lengthy wear!
B000VX061O Wrong shoe I dont understand, how hard is it to give me what i ordered. Just got the box and its totaly the wrong shoe!
B000VX061O Picture deceptive but good product. We purchased this as a gift and my son likes the shoe.  The picture led us to believe that it was not a tie shoe, just had decorative strands, ties are a pain.  However you can slip the shoe on and off without untieing and tieing again so that was good.  The product came in record time and the shoes are very comfy so says our son.
B000VX061O Timberland Men's Youngstown Boat Shoe,Brown/Brown,10 M Fantastic casual shoe, comfortable and wide enough for my flat foot. If you want a sweet shoe to relax at home or the office in, this is the one. Also the delivery was early, which is always nice.
B000VX061O Great Hang Around Shoe!! Purchased these Timberland Men's Youngstown Boat Shoe several weeks ago and absolutely Love em!! They were true to size and no break in needed. Get loads of compliments! Although i don't have a boat, I basically got them just to chill since I'm normally wearing boots at work and when i ride my scoot! The picture shown of these Shoe's do these shoe's an injustice! They Look and Feel GREAT!!
B000WZI13G Wonderful Walking Shoe This is another winner from Timberland. The shoe is very stylish and works well with many outfits. It is the perfect slip on shoe and the easiest choice when you can't make up your mind. The first day I wore them (w/o socks), they were uncomfortable. They were rubbing against the back of my foot. Then I wore them all day at Six Flags with ankle socks and they now fit perfectly. It's as though they form fit on my feet. I definitely reccomend.
B000XEAA0S Shoe snaps falling off. I really live the shoes,BUT come on, I bought two pairs of the Timberland PROs different styles and the shoe lace snap or rings the shoe laces go into came of on both pair.. The shoes don't look so pretty now and my laces are cutting into to the leather of the Boot.Thanks alot China
B000XEAMXS very comfortable work shoe fit is great, vert comfortable right out of the box, coworker paid $40 more for the same shoe purchased somewhere else.
B000XEAPDA Good shoe Really nice shoes but soles usually split before they wear out.would rate higher if soles would last as long as rest of shoe. Composite toe is great.
B000XEEQAI Great comfort out of the box -I really like these shoes.-I've worked three shifts with no comfort issues.-Great shoe for the money.-Minor complaint. The shoe laces could be about a foot longer. It is hard to lace them all the way up and then have enough lace to tie them.
B000XEEQAI Dissatisfied....inprovement needed I had several pairs of Timberland safety shoe before this one and they were much better in all area such as comfort/ (the materal that were use keeps my feet much cooler,this one generate more heat as if the inner and outer materal don't have enough ventilation or breathing capacity. The shoe are being made much norrower than before,my foot is not sollen either it does not get bigger. Some thing need to be done about this if not I will have to find another kind of safety shoe. I polish this shoe three time a week and the leather seams like is being strippingand this is a brown/coffee just emagine it was black?
B000XEEQAI The boot for me! Most comfortable work shoe I have ever worn. I have had several pairs of this shoe. The only drawback is the sole will eventually break across the width. Usually about 18 months for me. Well worth the cost for the comfort and no lower back pain.
B000XEEW9S Two Stars shoe was advertised as extremely comfortable. NOT SO!!!! soles felt very HARD!!!!!!
B000XEH2JA GREAT WORK BOOT When I wear it, I feel as though I am wearing an athletic shoe (similar to a sturdy basketball shoe)Its lightweight and easy to maneuver in.I was sold on the quality put into the boot, and they deliver in my opinion.The issue if anything is the shoe laces aren't quality material.
B000XEH2JA The best working shoe yet!! I have been wearing this shoe right out of the box for work for almost a year now and it has been the best working shoe. True to all of its attributes.
B000XEH2JA Good on All Counts This shoe lives up to everything it says. The best is the feel of the material and its light weight that feels no different than a regular boot. Being cheaper yet more useable than my pair of sneakers I have all good things to say about this shoe
B000XEH2JA Nice work shoe Nicely made shoe. No obvious defects in construction. I do a lot of walking in a large factory and this shoe is very comfortable. No aches and pains on my foot at the end of the day.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfy!! This shoe is very comfortable..I've been wearing them for about three weeks and I couldn't be happier! I highly recommend these boots!
B000XEKHOC The wrong boots fitted the wrong number The wrong boots fitted the wrong numberAlright! amazon service is very good.The first time that the shoes the wrong number and customer contact after it has sent a shipment.However, sent me shoes shoe or wrong.I bought the shoe is 7, the results are sent over twice 9.This may be the entire batch of shoes are installed wrong shoes shoe.The one star rating is not on amazon, but to evaluate the size of the shoe.
B000XEKIUK nice shoe, but I bought these for my husband and they are really looking and the wide he said fit him, but they were just too tight in the toes. They were very narrow in that area compared to the rest of the shoe.
B000XELF3O Great Steel-Toe Shoe I use this shoe on the worksite and it has been great as I need a steeltoe shoe for part of my job. I was surprised at how comfortable the shoe was and that it came in large sizes online. It also is a good looking shoe and many people would not realize you are wearing boots.
B000XELF3O Awesome boot for the right price This is my 6th pair already, it's so comfy and durable I just keep buying this same shoe over and over, I probably keep buying this shoe until they discontinue
B000XELF3O Lace eyelet broke when trying on shoe for the 1st time When lacing up shoe for the 1st time by hand before putting shoe on my foot everything was fine....After putting shoe on foot and lacing up eyelet broke off rendering shoe useless....Sent shoes back for refund....
B000XENSFC great shoe this shoe is very comfortable and is great for wearing long periods of time. the steel in the toe is about an inch long. i recomend buying this boot.
B000XETU1I Not a fall or winter shoe Not  bad for the money. But more of a indoor boot. No insulation at all. But a good warmer climate shoe.
B000XETU1I Right shoe just wrong size These weren't the ones I wanted I wanted the wide. Which I ended up getting. Easy to return. The shoe over all are nice so far.
B000XEVJJO Good are a great shoe when heavy work is an excellent shoe but I seemed a bit rough, the end use it on a farm, but the rest is a good shoe for long walks do not recommend it for mountain not only to work in one place, to Acheloos working in mechanical workshops is excellent due to its design antiresvalante. I recommend it.
B000XEVLF6 fab shoe My husband is totally satisfied with this shoe. The style of the shoe also helps his plantar fasciitis. He was surprised by the steel toed aspect of the shoe. This aspect is not a distraction to comfort.
B000XEVLF6 I did not served the shoe I bought this shoe for a person of size 9 1/2 and they were too tight and small, but yet with skechers brand of the same size me look good and very comfortable shoe so not like me.The unfortunate thing is that I can not return because I am from Venezuela and the repayment would come out super-expensive.
B000XEVLF6 great work shoe very comfortable and true to size....fits greatwill buy again when I need another pairgood buy for the money
B000XEVLF6 Steel toe shoe The shoe is great for a detector that has plenty of room without being loose fitting. The only issue was I ordered the wrong size.
B000XEVLF6 Shoe Review Great work shoe. No need for break-in. Out of the box on my feet standing on a hard floor 12 + hours a dayCW
B000XEVLF6 Timberland Mudsill Good shoe, but takes a long time and a lot of blisters to break in. Twist and bend shoe with hands before wearing.
B000XEVLF6 shoe or not Quality is ok, shoe is heavy and size is smaller than normal. Has real good sole for good traction in mud and dirt
B000XEVLF6 awesome great shoe hope they keep it in stock or make a comparable shoe  very comfortable, durable and wear well  quality product
B000XEVLF6 Good buy All that I wanted on a work shoe. It is really comfortable and I like the color. I would buy this shoe again
B000XEVLF6 They could do better Work shoe seems to be well constructed and true to sizing,Good appearance and is fairly comfortable.I am on my feet sometimes for about 10 and a half hour in 12 hour day. after 6 to 7 hour of being on concrete, inside our building,  I am shot,! Feet get soar! I wish Timeberland would put thier technoligy into this shoe to make it more durible. I also find shoe to be very slick Almost as you were on oil. My floors are usually not wet But be careful if they are, "Its like on ice with flat bottom shoes"!! I also belive this may be temporary but its to soon to share with you!
B000XEVLF6 excellent shoe The fit is perfect, I have been wearing steel toed footware for 20 yrs. This shoe is by far the most comfortable I have ever put on.The comfort level is almost as good as my new balance tennis shoes.I havn't had them long enough to review their longevity, but I would highly recommend them to everyone!!
B000XEVLF6 Great Shoe! I bought these last year and they are holding up pretty good. It's been 8 month so far. I The sole is still good. The interior is a little worn; but, I use the shoe 5 days a week. I think I will buy another set.
B000XEVLF6 being a name brand i expected alot more I bought this shoe for my son and really thought it would be everything that it said it was, but we were so surprised when i noticed after just two weeks that the the bottom of shoe on the soles cracked all the way across!  I was so shocked it being name brand that it would do that!  Needless to say i am very disappointed for alot of reasons.  Would not recommend this shoe!
B000XEVLF6 Timberland pro Great work shoe.I was looking for a shoe that was easy on my feet cuz I work on concrete for 10-16 hrs a day and this shoe is exactly what I was looking for.
B000XEVLF6 Contractors favorite I have worn this shoe for years. An exceptional value. The most lightweight, comfortable, rugged work shoe that I've found. Fit has always been excellent. Comfortable after long days on your feet.
B000XEVLF6 GOOD SHOE VERY COMFITABLE SHOE FOR LONG HOUR DAYS LIKE WALKING ON AIR. MORE COMFITABLE THAN WORK BOOTS AND MUCH CHEAPER . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM
B000XEVLF6 Perfect I am sooo thrilled these are still available on Amazon. This is the only work shoe my husband will wear and they're not carried in the stores any longer. Great work shoe for a great price! Thank you!
B000XEVLF6 Nice shoe good price A much nicer shoe than I had expected. Very comfortable, a great fit and I hardly can tell that I am wearing steel toe shoes with the ANSI rating.
B000XEVLF6 Inferior to the same shoe purchased one year ago. I find these work shoes to be just adequate. The lacing system was much better in the same shoe last year as all connections were eyelets. I am not going to purchase another pair at any point and may switch to Red Wing.
B000XEVLF6 Great shoe for work and more This is a very comfortable shoe, well designed and lightweight.  You can feel safe with the steel protection in the toes.
B000XEVM50 Just another cheap foreign made shoe! These shoes are not what I expected. The width runs small as they are very tight, the shoe is very stiff and will require a lot of break in time.they are no better than all the other foreign made shoes I have purchased in the past. I have and will continue to go back to the good old American made Redwings! I might pay a little more for them but I don't mind because you can tell the differance in quality when you walk in a Redwing shoe!
B000XEVM50 There ok !!! Different material  on the top of the shoe... The sole way to thin for working shoes. Had to buy new soles.
B000XEVM50 Great shoe overall Considering what you get at Wallmart, Sears ect, this shoe is good value. Somewhat tight around the toes but sure to fit better after breaking in. Never bought work shoes online before and these replaced a pair of Timberland I had. Highly endorse these shoes.
B000XEVM50 Good shoe. Very durable but not as comfortable as a sneaker. Pros - Great quality. Very durable shoe. Pretty comfortableCons - Not as comfortable as I expected. I put extra inserts in and this helped.
B000XEVM50 Good work shoe I have always bought this shoe.  It is the only shoe that lasts for a year.  I wish the inside fabric was more durable.  The outside of the shoe is great. I do a lot of heavy work which includes bending, ladders, and walking.  My feet don't get tired after a long 12 hour day.  When buying shoes for work, I would break the shoe in 30 days.  This has been a great and durable shoe that lasts.
B000XEVM50 LACING PROBLEMS THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE WITH THE SHOE IS I  WAS GOING TO TIE THEM AND THE EYELET AT THE TOP OF THE SHOE BROKE OFF WHEN I PULLED THE LACE ON THE LEFT SHOE .
B000XEVM50 LACE EYELET WAS TYING THE SHOE AND THE TOP LACE EYELET CAME OFF WHEN I PULLED THE LACE TO TIE THE SHOE.
B000XEVM50 Very good and comfortable work shoe Excellent shoe for the money, easy on and off.Real steel toe. comfortable and good looking work shoe.Would buy again
B000XEVM50 Work shoe The fit of the shoe was perfect to size, the shoe squeaked when walking and the insole was very thin. The listing was 24/7 great feeling for your feet. The shoe would of been great if it had a insole that was as listed.
B000XEVM50 Defective The plastic piece on the left side of the left shoe that holds the shoe lace is backwards and does not hold the lace back...
B000XEVM50 Shoe would be better without composite toe Great shoe! I got the wider size but unfortunately it wasn't wide enough and they don't make a wider one. Had to return.
B000XEVM50 Great product but a tight fit. I work in one of the world's largest machine shops and am required to wear steel toed shoes, so far I have only worn boots but they are getting to heavy for all the movement my job now requires.  So I decided to switch to a shoe, and seeing as timberlands are the only boots that have lasted me a year, I wanted to make sure I bought my new pair of shoes from timberland.  I bought them in my size, but when I put them on I found the back upper portion of the shoe was digging in to the back of my foot.  After a couple of days of wear in though the shoes started to actually fit and were no longer tearing apart the back of my foot.  I would recommend this shoe but suggest you go up half a size from your normal as they still fit a little tighter than they should.
B000XEVM50 Good shoe I haven't run the full test on these yet, but so far they are a great shoe for my work (FedEx Courier).  Have to tread through all kinds of terrain at times.
B000XEVM50 Great Very comfortable work shoes. Normally my feet are sore when switching to a new shoe but not with these. A great shoe at a great price.
B000XEVM50 great shoe! I started a new job and was looking for a good work shoe.I have worn timberlands before so I know about my size. they feel great. Worn these about a month. I'm a truck mechanic and am walking on concrete all day, they feel a little thin soled compared to tennis shoe's but are breaking in great. they seem to be very tough, my last pair I had redwings that lasted about a year I would definitely put them as good or better but we'll see. Our shop floor gets pretty oily sometimes and I haven't slipped yet my redwings did sometimes but maybe they were getting old. they were shipped on time and got them when expected. So far I would orders these again, maybe put some new soles in them though.
B000XEVM50 Excellent shoe This my second pair.  Very comfortable and good looking for an every day summer work shoe.  I highly recommend this shoe.
B000XEVM50 Shoe fit very well and very comfortable on feet all Shoe fit very well  and very comfortable on feet all day
B000XEVM50 Shoe is of good quality. This steel toed shoe is comfortable and of good quality. I placed an insert in it also. With my new job I am on my feet less; however, I highly recommend this safety shoe.
B000XEVM50 Inside of shoe is cheap, outside rugged I have tried many steel toe shoes and most times the soles wear out within 6 months.  This was the most expensive pair I have ever tried after liking Rugged Outback brand.  The Rugged Outback work boot is no longer available for the model I prefer.  I wear size 11 and the Timberland 11 was a little snug but not terribly uncomfortable.  Now just 2 weeks old, the inside of the shoe is worn through above the heel. I doubt this pair will last 6 months but it won't be from the outside falling apart, but the inside of the shoe.  I will probably try another brand, possibly the Nautilus composite toe, unless I really like the durability of the exterior of the shoe.  Forget about the interior durability, it isn't there.  Also, I would order a 1/2 size larger if I were to re-order this shoe.  The shoe laces are very durable and the last lace up hook makes it easy to get them on and off, just the inside material is the only disappointment.
B000XEVM50 Great work shoe This is the first time purchasing this brand of shoe for my husband.  He works in an auto body shop and is the painter.  It took a couple of days to break the shoes in, but they actually have a lot of cushion so it wasn't that bad.  They make him stand up straight as they are the perfect height and fit. I get the steel toe shoes only because of past history when car parts can slip and fall onto your feet. No more back problems. Unsure of integrity of this product or how long they will last him.  So the jury is still out on that thought but for the present will purchase these again.
B000XEVM8W Great light weight shoe that protects your feet in comfort. I have wore this particular style of shoe for 5 years.  Recently, I bought some Doc Martins because a friend swore they were the best. I wore these 500 pound Doc Martins for 3 hours and got several blisters on my feet! I will never buy any other work shoe than Timberland's!  By the way I have a pair of size 12 Doc Martin Cinder Blocks for sale if anyone is interested!
B000XEVM8W Very comfortable Great shoe. Very comfortable and durable.  Had problems in the past with finding comfortable steel toe shoes until I bought this one.  Great shoe for the price.
B000XEVM8W Timberland Reviews Very durable and comfortable shoe. I would recommend this shoe for work and activities at home. Very satisfied with results
B000XEVM8W wonderful shoe this is a great shoe! i was having toe pain with my boots so i decided to try these. they made a difference from the moment i put them on. I LOVE THEM!
B000XEVM8W Great Shoe!!! This shoe is a great work shoe!!!!  After a week wearing them, I have had no problems and walking on concrete floor all day is not even felt.  Shoe is so comfortable and feels very soft when walking in them.  Fast delivery and a great product!!!! Thanks!
B000XEVM8W Feels Like Tennis Shoes I love these shoes. I have been wearing this model of shoe for 3 years now and they are the most comfortable saftey shoe I have ever wore. I stated out purchasing these at Sears, but they stopped carrying them at my Sears store. I found them here at Amazon and for a better price.
B000XEW60K Small opening... Get a shoe horn.. It's the first pair of shoes I have ever needed a shoe horn to get on... I wear and 11 and they fit great, being a slip on the opening to slide your foot in is more than a tad tight... Other than that they fit well and are comfortable to wear... Just uncomfortable to put on... I have to take away one star for that...
B000XEW60K watch out the sixe The shoe is comfortable, but seems I ordered a little bit oversized.Order just for a normal shoe.I like it.
B000XEW60K Good shoes. Comfortable (after a few days of breaking it in, as expected) It's a good shoe, is it the most comfortable shoe ever... no. However, for a steel toe work shoe it's good. My feet do not stay dry in them unfortunately, so that is a negative for me.Overall good, has a decent ''heel&#34; on them so it's slightly taller. Tight at top for a few days till they break in.
B000XEW60K GREAT SHOE & GREAT PRICE The shoe fit slightly large so I added an insert and it fits like a glove now.  The price was GREAT, about $30 less than in the stores.  I am very satsified.
B000XEW60K good shoes ,but..... For one the toe box is just a little too large,I'll have to figure something out because the shoe is sloppy on my feet because of the large toe box. I can stick my finger behind my heel and theres still room. It shouldn't be like that. They are great shoes and at first they are stiff.Give yourself at least 72 hours in them walking around non stop.. I work 12 hours a day in them so they will be broke in in no time. I love Timberland products been wearing them since 2001 just wished they did a little better job on these. Its ok because I know a great shoe guy that will help me with the shoe box.
B000XEW60K Strong but feels like it too! Built strong but with that it was also very stiff.  Wore for a few days and never got better.  Scuffed very easily.  I purchased for use in restaurant so this is just not the shoe for that.  I am not giving up on Timberland and still plan on purchasing another PRO shoe that's a little lighter.  I have wide feet so very hard to find that perfect shoe.
B000XEW60K Very comfortable Had shoes for a week so far great shoe. Good fit size seem to run close to regular shoe. waiting to see how they hold up over time.
B000XEW60K slip on may not be best choice for a steel toed shoe I like the shoe but since it's so heavy it tends to slip off, and at least for me it was narrower and longer than other shoes my size.
B000XEW60K Good shoe but... It suppose to be a wide shoe.  Could be a little wider. They get scuffed easily  but they are comfortable.
B000XEW60K Excellent Shoe! We tried a few different sizes of this same shooe before he found the perfect fit and now it is the only shoe he wears!  He wears them with thick socks so they needed just a bit more space in the shoe.  Now he wears them all day long at a work site - they are extremely comfortable and provides him with all the protection he needed while still looking good.  He is one happy customer and would recommend this shoe to anyone!
B000XEW60K Comfortable and stylish I love it because;It is comfortable like a casual shoe and stylish.I ordered the same size with my existing Timberland boot and it fits. .
B000XEW60K Timberland ~ Once again an excellent choice! I have been working in a warehouse the past 12 years and the only thing on my feet have been Timberland PRO's. Every pair that I have purchased have been a different style of PRO's and loved them all. I will be retiring this year and wanted a Timberland shoe that would take me beyond the work force so that's why I chose these slip-on's. They not only look nice but feel great on these old feet. I wear a 10-1/2D, that's what I ordered and they were a perfect fit. The best part they only cost me $57.88 from Amazon Warehouse Deals. They were listed as used but were not. They were new shoes in a new box the only thing was a small nick on the side of each shoe (a little dab of polish and they were gone) the same thing that you would find at a discount shoe store.Once again Amazon and Timberland have made me a very happy customer.
B000XEW60K Timms Good shoe a little tight in the front but they break in well. Maybe buy a size wider than normal.
B000XEW60K Very comfortable Just my 2-cents for people buying this shoe online. The fit is a little on the big side. I bought a size 13 but a 12.5 (if there's one) could have been a much better fit. Regardless of that, this shoe is very comfortable and very nice looking. Shoe is a little heavy but that's to expect from a work shoe with safety-toe. Would buy again.
B000XEW60K Runs big Sent these back because they were too big for an 11.5 which feel tight. The finish on the shoe was not right either with the dimpled finish on one shoe and the other at the tip of the shoe, was smooth. Overall not happy with them but they will do for a safety toe work shoe.
B000XEW60K Timberland PRO slip-on So far so good.  A little stiff at first and the back of the shoe dug in my ankle for a few days.  This has since went away and they are breaking-in well.  Great soles on these..seem to be very slip resistant.  If you are looking for comfort right out of the box, these may not be for you.  If you want a shoe that when broken in is a solid comfortable fit, these are as good as I have tried.
B000XEW60K Nice Outside - Inside already worn out after 3 Months Great fit, Easy on/off, but the insert (Bottom inside of the shoe) has already worn a hole where the balls of my feat rest. -This is the first time I've had a shoe wear like this so soon.Outside of shoe looks great.
B000XEW60K Very durable yet stylish Very pleased with fit and weight of the shoe. Shoes were described accurately. Co-workers have complemented me on numerous occasions on style and being a slip on steel toed work shoe that doesn't look like a work shoe!
B000XEW60K Great shoe Great shoe!!
B000XEW60K shoe reveiw! Excellent choice. This shoe is light weight for a safety shoe and very comfortable. Traction on the shoe is great.Very pleased with my choice!
B000XEW60K nive looking safety shoe, too narrow Difficulty inserting foot into shoe.  Once in not wide enough to be comfortable for all day wear.  Very attractive shoe, appears well built.  Just not for me.
B000XEW60K Good Work Shoe The fit was fine...they are a little tighter than my other shoes and I have to us a shoe horn to get them on but they do not hurt my feet...the only problem I had is the top rubbed the top of my one feet and was a little sore for a couple of days but it is fine now...I would buy another pair...
B000XEW60K Excellent work shoe I'm on my third pair of these shoes worn on concrete floors in food plants over the past 7 years. Best shoes that I have found for a slip-on safety-toe work shoe. No laces, so shoes slip on and off for easy trekking through airport security. Minimal tread pattern on soles so doesn't collect a lot of crud -- important in food plants. Soles are also non-slip on wet floors. Hard to find a better shoe for work.
B000XEW60K Great shoe, comfortable. Excellent shoe, very comfortable, easy to slip off and on. Would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants style and safety in one.
B000XEW60K Comfortable fit Shoe fits as expected. Appears to be of very good quality. Wears wells over a long day on concrete and asphalt.
B000XEW60K Great shoe. Great shoe .  A little stiff but with time they will break in.  Fits very snug and secures my foot.
B000XEW60K Great shoe The size runs slightly large.  I'm normally a 10.5 sneaker and dress shoe.  I tried the 10.5 but had to return for a 10, which now fits me fine.  Great light duty workshoes that save the hassle of lacing up everyday.
B000XEW60K They are great! These shoes are extremely well made and comfortable. The leather is thick and yet flexible, the soles are substantial, what you would expect on a work boot not on a slip on. One word of caution, get a shoe horn. Around the top they are more stiff and narrow than any other slip on I have had. The good part about that is they feel more like a well fitted shoe once they are on rather than a loose slip on.
B000XF04LM Most Comfortable Work Shoe Ever I had originally bought a pair of these to try off of a shoe website n loved them. I am required to wear safety shoes at work for NYC Transit and the shoes they issue are cheap n awful. I wear a size 14 + and cannot afford to tear up these clown sized feet. I loved them from the first day n decided to buy as many as i could but site didn't have any more. So my son suggested i check Amazon n voila they had them in stock n $60 less than what i paid on shoe site so bought 4 pairs. Super fast shipping n all shoes brand new in box! Love. Em
B000XF04LM Best work shoe/boot ever My second pair.  Very hardy and most comfortable shoe I own.  I'll buy a third when these retire.  Highly recommend replacing foot bed with a gel insert.  Nice.
B000XF04LM I love my shoe I work in an industrial environment.So I've been and purchased some timberlands from sears.Never again.  I will never go check out their limited selection.Compared to this shoe, they're over-priced and not nearly as comfortable.I wear these shoes all day even off-work.The insole and the shoe itself is very comfortable.I purchased this shoe for $61 on amazon.  They had the $25 off.Awesome deal as well.
B000XF04LM Work Shoe This is my first time buying this shoe. It was comfortable and fits well. We'll see how long it lasts.
B000XF04LM Very comfy safety shoe This is a great work shoe.  The styling is nice and they are very comfortable.  The inside of the shoe got a bit frayed, and the outside seems to scuff easily.  That being said they still are a great shoe on the comfort side and that is what is important.  They also are lighter than some of the other shoes we have had in the past.
B000XF04LM Great work shoe! I recently purchased this shoe for my job.  I spend most of my days traveling (driving) and inspecting boilers and other machinery.  The shoe is extremely comfortable and sturdy.  They are comfortable enough for me to drive 150-200 miles in one day.  I am in no rush to take them off when I get home at night.  I recommend this product for anyone who needs a semi-stylish yet sturdy, comfortable, work shoe.
B000XF04LM Great shoe - very comfortable I was looking around for a month at different shoe stores and wasn't happy with the price or selection. I checked these out on Amazon put them it my basket for a couple more weeks while shopping around- after searching local found Amazon to be the best deal for this great work shoe.
B000XF04LM Great Work Shoe for a Professional This is my second pair of Timberland TiTans (same style and size, the old ones were simply retired to a very nice physical work shoe)....Excellent for someone who needs a safety toe and/ or electrical hazard shoe but also needs to look professional, foreman, engineer, etc.
B000XF04LM Great shoe I will buy these again when it's time to replace them.
B000XF04LM Most comfortable work shoe These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn. Great on concrete. If you want a sturdy shoe that feels like you are wearing a tennis shoe, comfort wise, then this is the shoe for you.
B000XF04LM safety shoe I think the quality and the feel of the shoe is very good.  I'm an engineer in a manufacturing company.  I'm required to wear the safety toe shoes.  I bought these because they looked as if they resembled a casual dress shoe.  I wanted something to go with my slacks and button down shirts that would not stand out.The shoe works well in my environment.  It is most comfortable.I would like people to know the color is a much lighter brown than in the image.  (Not much of an issue at this point - really.)The only thing i was a little disappointed in is the shoe looks more like a boot than a casual dress shoe.  That is probably my fault.  It just looked like similar &#34;dress safety shoes&#34; I have purchased in the past.  Some things need to be bought in person I guess.I don't want that to detract from the fact it seems to be a good product.  (I'm only in my second month with them.)
B000XF04LM not bad for a safety shoe fit ok ..first time i bought a timberland shoe normally buy worx or red wing.....not as compfortable as them but not bad...still not broke in
B000XF04LM Good Shoe, so far Like several others, I thought the shoe to be a bit larger than the 10.5M I expected. At first the shoe fit tight with plenty of toe room. After wearing them for a couple hours they really loosened up and felt big. I put inserts in them which tightened them up again. Worn them for two days at work now with no real complaint, I'll keep you posted if something changes.
B000XF04LM These are good These shoe are some what big but are still greaton the job.  The are slip resistant and very comfortable . they last a very long time
B000XF04LM Great Fit! This shoe is a true fit and it is very comfortable.  It says it's fatigue free, and that's true for the first 5 or so hours.  The fatigue kicks in a lot earlier in all the other shoes I've worn.  This shoe is going to be worth it if you have to wear it a long time for work.
B000XF04LM Shoe a little tight I ordered a 10.5 extra wide the lenght fits however very tight fit on the top of my foot.  Will try to wear thinner socks but I enjoy the thicker socks with my shoes.  I will say the comfort of the shoe while wearing is great and believed if it fit looser on my foot would be the greatest shoe.  I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size larger to ensure the shoe fits better.  Good shoe overall.
B000XF04LM Quality control It is my first pair of steel toe shoes and my feet keep rather cool. The right shoe hugs below my ankle perfectly, however the left does not. Viewing from the top of shoe, there is a shaping variance, the right shoe is more inward looking.
B000XF04LM Comfortable shoe... I ordered these shoes for work, but are comfortable enough to wear anytime. The only complaint I have is that they scuff easily.
B000XF04LM great buy great shoe will buy another pair in six months best work shoe i ever had. Timberland shoes are head and shoulders above the rest.
B000XF04LM Nice work shoes Comfortable and  nice looking they look like a casual shoe. But they are a work shoe. Slip and oil resistant steel toed.
B000XF04LM good fitting shoe This is the only steel toed shoe I have found that do not pinch my toes and I have tried a lot of brands over the years.I would recommend them to anyone.
B000XF4D1Y great shoe These shoes don't need any breaking in. They are very comfortable right out of the box.They were what I expected.
B000XF4D1Y Good solid shoe This is a very nice shoe. They fit well, the soles are nice and thick and give the bottom of your feet good support.I have a job where I am on my feet all day, and these shoes fit the bill nicely. I have had them a few months now and they are holding up well, as Timberlands always seem to.I think Timberlands are the best brand of shoe you can get. They cost a bit more than others but are well worth it.
B000XF4D1Y Good Shoe I bought this shoe to wear at work.  It is comfortable and holds up well.  I haven't had to wear it in the rain yet so that is to be determined.  So far I like the feel and wear of this shoe.
B000XF4D1Y yup was looking to replace an older pair of timberland's - this shoe fit the bill - will buy again - thanks
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Shoe I really liked the shoe and it is very comfortable to walk in. The shoe comes a little larger in size and I had to exchange it for a size 12. That hasnt arrived yet so waiting to confirm whether that fits me as expected.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Pro Men's 47015 Shoe Great Shoe. I bought them to wear for working in the yard but when I first put them on I though I they were  too good for that, But necessity prevailed and they give my feet good support as well as feeling comfortable. Tempted to buy another pair for casual wear.
B000XF4D1Y GREAT SHOE Have been wearing the Titan 6'' for years and was well pleased. I decided to try the lower style for summer and am equally pleased. I prefer the coffee color as opposed to the dark brown but that is just my preference. The fit is true and as comfortable as any other work shoe I have worn. I would recomend this shoe/boot to anyone.
B000XF4D1Y More like a 3/4 boot The picture/ad looks like a shoe.  While very comfy.. it's more like a low cut boot.. Was looking for something that would be easy to take off.. boots are a pain.. these are easier than boots but still.. not a shoe.. toe box area is roomy and they look decently made.. not like Dr. Martens or redkap or anything but still not bad.
B000XF4D1Y Just what I wanted for the winter Shoe runs a little bit but I place a Dr. Scholls work boot gel innersole ($10) into the shoe and it fits perfectly. Larger size is ideal for heavy socks. Would recommend
B000XF4D1Y The shoe I needed Great comfort  just what I needed for the winter months. Plus its an everyday wearing shoe. Very very good fit.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland Pro Mens 47015 Titan The shoe is a little large in both length and width. Construction seems ok, but time will tell. The sole of the shoe needs to protrude more around the toe section to protect the leather from touching the ground while in a kneeling position.
B000XF4D1Y More Comfortable Than Street Shoes Most comfortable work shoe I've ever owned and the lightest as well.  Wish I had ordered these sooner. Well worth the price.
B000XF4D1Y Timberland PRO Titan Soft Laced Shoe All good, usual quality and standard I expect from Timberland. Good solid shoe. I am sure I will be back for more.
B000XF4D1Y Great shoe for work on & off the factory floor Good enough for dress or casual. Super comfotable (i got the wide). Had the opportunity to try a version of the same shoe prior to buying & found size runs about a half size larger. If you need a 10, get a 9.5. Husband happy.
B000XF4D1Y Very comfy shoe I would've given this shoe 5 stars - they are very comfortable and I wear them a lot - the sole is not as stiff as the hard toed boot version and I think it would've made the shoe a little better.  All in all, I like the shoes and would buy again.
B000XF4D1Y Good product. Read all the reviews, expecting shoe to be too big.  I found the shoe to be just the right size.  I bought 11 wide.  It's fits well  and is comfortable.  I only wish they came in black.
B000XF4D1Y SOLE OF SHOE SPLIT IN HALF sole of shoe is supposed to be rubber but is appears to be a man made material covered with a rubber skin. The sole of the shoe split horizontally before the shoe fully wore out, therefore decreasing the life of the shoes. I did not expect this from a quality company. The tops of the shoes held up very well as well as the inside of the shoes and the shoes are very comfortable
B000XF4D1Y a good shoe This shoe is fairly comfortable.The heal strike has good cushioning and the foot bed has good cushioning also. This is definitely a work shoe the leather is stiff and the shoe is HEAVY but needed little break in.I bought this shoe to wear casually with jeans and for that purpose it is ok. If you buy this shoe to wear on the job remember it feels more like wearing a work boot than a shoe.
B000XF4D1Y Great work shoe, almost good looking Only 1 month so far, but these are the most comfortable work shoe I have ever owned. A little heavy and a little warm, but a great feel, very soft leather upper, great ankle padding & SILENT. It's hard to believe steel toed. If they last (not all great reviews here), I'm very happy. I wish they were more 'shoe' look than 'boot' design for a professional/office look, but the comfort is worth it if you're stuck with steel toes. Try them out at Tractor Supply Company too (their best selling shoe).
B000XF4D1Y Outstanding Shoe with Exceptional features. Extremely comfortable shoe with a great fit. Good cushioning also. Makes for a great casual shoe to be worn with khakis or jeans.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Men's used for a Woman You dont often see a lot of Timberland's that show simplicity and comfort.I wanted something that wasn't too 'showy', comfortable, with durability.So far, these shoes met my expectancies.Shoe for the office, traveling, just to hang out with nice shorts and polo top on, awesome shoe all around.And when my shoes need replacing, I will definitely buy this pair again.
B000XXGMRO Rustic classic boot A beautiful shoe.. Bought for my husband he is usually a 9 but in this shoe they fit a little big...
B000XXGMRO I got my shoe Great shoe, great way of shopping. i got it even early. thank alot. It was a great experience doing business with you.
B000YDBIJU Timberland I had these shoe style for about  7years...disappointed when they wore out...I was lucky enough to find a replacement...great shoe for the price and great construction in a shoe...what didn't I do with those shoes, very comfortable and light wt.
B000YDBIJU A must have shoe for the man who thinks he has footwear for every occasion This is a very "cool" looking shoe/sandal, it can be worn with great comfort in Spring, Summer and Fall-type weather. It has a neat and classic appearance. It can be worn to adorn many styles of men fashions for a variety of occasions, from casual or dress up, indoor or outdoor wear. It is a great article of footwear.
B000YDBIJU It's  a beauty. I bought this shoe after i saw a friend wearing one. It certainly met my expectation.I will certainly buy same shoe again.
B000YDBIJU Great Comfort I bought three different versions of this shoe in various colors, but this black one was just awesome in comfort and fit.  I returned the Brown and Beige shoe, even though it fit, for some reason the Arch on the other two was cutting into the top of my foot, unlike this one which was great.  I got it for traveling and walking comfort and it was great.  I have really wide feet and a High Arch so comfortable shoes other than Flip Flops are really hard to get.  Great shoe, I would not hesitate to buy it and just wear it....
B000YDBIJU Excellent Shoe Very comfortable shoe, good looking shoe and well built shoe all ready purchase my second pair in a difference color.
B000YDHHRW Solid, good These appear not a perfect fit for a non-lace shoe, yet not too loose (more like European sizing of course, and i ordered 1 size lower, just like with my Kenneth Coles, but the KCs fit ME perfectly, and these are slightly loose).Looks good, and the sole is actually very comfortable.  Overall this is a good solid shoe to hang loose in, not a outstanding shoe, but good nevertheless.
B000YDHHRW Very comfortable house-shoe I really love these shoes.  They are extemely well made and they stretch easily around your foot.  I think these are more of a house-shoe than a shoe to wear outside.  The rubber soles make them perfect for going out for the paper or to the mailbox. Some might refer to these as a driver-moc and they are also good for running errands.  But they are not what I would wear if I'm going to home depot, or out at night.
B000YDUSVO Can't believe the price I bought this shoe for about 23.00.  I couldn't believe the price. When I received the shoe I couldn't believe how well they were made.  They are made out of leather and the fit is perfect according to my husband.
B000YDUSVO Nothing special This is just an average shoe - nothing really special or outstanding about it.  I had to replace the skimpy insole, which essentially adds to the overall cost of the shoe.  If you're looking for a great walking slip-on and can afford to pay a few extra dollars, your money would be better spent on Timberland City Endurance.  The City Endurance Slip-On is an awesome shoe, more substantial than these and with an incredibly cush and arch-supportive insole.
B000YDUSVO Quality Boat Shoe This shoe is attractive and comfortable to wear.  It is a very heavy shoe.
B000YDWLZ0 very comfortable, nice summer shoe I purchased these from the Timberland site.  They were on sale for $59.99.  I did a quick search for online coupons for the Timberland store and got a 15% discount (around that).  So the shoe cost around $50 pluse shipping and handling($7).  It was a deal considering I saw this shoe for $70 at the local shoe store.  The shoe is very light, and comfortable.  It also looks pretty cool and I've received compliments already.  Very good summer shoe.  True to size.
B000YDYOKK Timberland Boat Shoes A comfortable shoe that has good traction on my boat. The shoe can be worn with or w/o socks. Great for tidal pool wading. The shoe can dry on your feet and still be acceptable for an evening out for dining and drinks at the local eatery. I love them and will buy more when these wear out.
B000YT182G Nice shoe Shoes were very tight in the toes at first but stretched out perfectly just wearing them around the house at first for a few hours.  I bought them in taupe and they're not as brown as the site shows - more of a greenish hue to them.  Shoe fits true to size all around after the toes stretched a little.  Quite comfortable.  Totally satisfied!
B000YT5ZAW Love it! Great shoe and it is really light. A bit slim but once you break it in...wonderful!
B000ZK2ILY comfortable shoe This shoe is very comfortable. The foot bed is nicely cushioned. Feels 1/2 size larger than marked.
B0013KGVIQ Good Stylish, Comfy, Easy On/Off Shoe at Great Price for Active Boys I liked the look of this shoe and especially that it has a "hook and loop" - basically velcro closure instead of laces.  They are relatively lightweight and flexible.  My 5 yr old says they are comfy.  This shoe would be perfect if it were made wider or came in a wide.  As it is, it is OK for my son's wide feet (they don't pinch or cause blisters) - even though he usually wore Stride Rite XW or shoes like Keen or Vans, with a more roomy toebox, but these were a great price and are great for just running around town, the park, etc.
B0016ZP5TO Fantastic A fantastic shoe from a fantastic company. I wear a rather small size - 6 EU 7 US. Sometimes even that is slightly large for me but I make do with insoles or thick sports socks. I tried this at a store and it fit very well. I bought it from Amazon because of the sale on this shoe. Can be worn with casual and jeans. Preferably jeans. Ideal for any terrain and any condition. The foam inside makes you feel very comfortable. A five star.
B0017023J8 Great shoe I bought these along with another pair of Tims and they are a great looking shoes. The only problem is that they seem to run a bit large. I bought a 9.5 and they were large. No sweat, I gave them to my son and ordered a 9. The shoe is very well made and extremely comfortable. Theylook good with jeans,khakis or cords. Well worth the money.
B001704YR2 irrelevant purchase I love Timberlands. Probably because they the only shoe that consistently fits my 7.5 2E foot. UPS must have delivered to the wrong address.  Amazon refunded me for the shoes, which I greatly appreciate.  However, this shoe is out of stock, was about 40% off and the only other Timberland shoe in my size is only about 10% off, almost $30 more. Very disappointed in this situation. I guess it just happens sometimes.
B001704YR2 Great casual shoe. Timberland really produced a great light, stylish, and good looking shoe with this model. The footbed is very comfortable and can easily hold up to an all day hike. I am very pleased with the fit and finish of the shoe and would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a light, comfortable, and well made casual oxford.
B001704YR2 The right shoe The're rustic, light and comfortable. They go with everything. The extra shoe laces adds a color change and a new look.
B001704YR2 Timberland Men's Earthkeeper Oxford I bought these for my 17 yr old son.  He wears a size 15 shoe and has difficulty finding a shoe that is light, yet durable.  He loved these the minute he put them on.  Very comfortable.
B001704YR2 fitting the size of the shoe is fine, there is something inside of my left shoe that rubs on my foot...I have examined the shoe and cannot see what is causing the problem
B001707XTI Cute Shoe!!!!!!!!!!!! I love this shoe, but it runs narrow. I normally wear a 10 and had to go up a size. Very commfortable and in season. A must have.
B001708FZE Great Shoe! I really like this shoe. Great style, functional and keeps feet warm. The only drawback is that it's really tight. If I were to buy it again, I'd chose a size bigger because of that.
B001760EHA Who designed this shoe??!! Whomever designed this shoe has never seen a human foot.  The toe box is too small both in length and width, the heel bed is too long and the arch falls right at the middle of the ball of the foot.  I buy cheap shoes and good shoes and almost always in the size that I ordered for this shoe and have had heel issues before (my whole life, really!) and ocassionally arch problems but never all three in the same shoe!  Unless you have toes only half an inch long and a heel over four inches, I'd skip this shoe.
B001760HFY True To size and comfortable The shoes were delivered quickly and run true to size. They are very trendy and attractive - my fifteen year old son was impressed with them.  The bed (soul) of the shoe feels like heaven. I gave four stars because I haven't worn them for an extended period as yet, and while the bed of the shoe is comfortable and even soothing, the back of the shoe where the staps meet could tend to irritate your heel.All and all I am pleased with the purchase.
B00189QZBU comfortable is a very comfortable shoe, to go to the beach, walk to the field. I recommend these shoes for any activity I recommend it, the shipping was great arrived on time
B0018ZYJWQ Great shoe Beautiful shoe, solid, and well made, run a little small. A great buy.  My son loved them. I would reccommend them!
B0019QZE1E Tough & Sturdy This is a great shoe and I'm glad I purchased it for my granddaughter. It is the perfect boot shoe to go with her uniforms for school.  Plus, it has held up under the punishment she puts on a shoe while playing at school.
B0019TOGUQ timberland Nice shoe. My son wears this shoe with jeans and khaki pants. Very durable shoe. Bought the shoe on sale so I got a durable product at a bargain, can't beat that. Will recommend the shoe to someone else.
B0019TZ1S2 Cute shoe Shoe looks very nice and is constructed well.  The only down side was it slipped off more easily than I would have liked.
B001ABOD24 Great Shoe/Boot! Just got these this weekend and I am wearing it today for the first time. I really like it. It is better than my other boots because this one I don't have to remove the laces from the eyelets to get it off my feet. I just simply untie them like my sneakers. This is especially good since my wife has a no shoe on the carpet policy in my home. So far it has been comfortable. I got the wheat color. I wish it came in better colors.
B001ABTE7S the right shoe is Narrowest than the left shoe,so the left shoe is on my size but the right is not!!!!! dear seller,the right shoe is Narrowest than the left shoe,so the left shoe is on my size but the right is not!!!!! how can i wear this shoes can you tell me,and i think that maybe this shoes is not an original timberland !!!
B001AQRYVQ Timberland Men's Oxford Good shoe-best price on Amazon.com for same shoe.  Quality construction with padded insole.  Good traction in the snow.  Quick delivery.
B001AQS36G good shoe, good price. Fits as it should, well made and comfortable. I put orthotics in my shoes, and these took them well. But they have a nice inner sole.  The shoe appears to be well crafted.  I'll see how it wears.
B001AQU18Y Nice styled boat shoe/"sneaker" I bought this shoe in March with the expectation that it would be more of a "sneaker" vs. a shoe. I initially wanted the black version of the shoe, but alas, the shoe was $75 vs the $34 (before the gift card) for these.I ordered a size 13 only to discover that the shoe is a tad big. I can wear these shoes around the office since it does not scream "athletic shoe"... they are comfortable to walk in, so much so, I have walked 1.1 miles from my house to the bus stop. I felt like I was walking on clouds most of the way. Also, I have to say these shoes are quite heavy (I think the shipment was 4 pounds?). But the shoe weight didn't affect the comfort factor at all.I received compliments on the styling of these shoes (one person thought these were Sperry's) and I like it even nore since almost no one else own these near me. All in all, get it if you like the styling and can get a decent price on them!
B001AV2TRA Great! It is not normal for a shoe to fit out of the box but the sizing for this shoe is right-on, fits perfectly and looks great too!Beautiful dark, rich leather finish and what appears to be superb craftsmanship at a reasonable price.Thank you Timberland!
B001AV2TRA Great Buy I bought this shoe for my father for his birthday and it was exactly as I imagined it.It came quickly and it was just as is displayed in the picture.Depending on you're type of style this is a great shoe.
B001BFD51Y Three Eye Review Good shoe, but leather thickness and durability appear much reduced from previous Timberland three eyes I have purchased over the years - and the width was substantially narrower as well, almost too narrow to wear. Probably worth the purchase price, but Timberland is headed backwards with this shoe.
B001C4CIP8 Bestest Shoe Ever! I took advantage of the savings amazon gives during the holidays and got this shoe for a great price. I love the look, the feel and the fit. Its comfortable, rugged tuff and looks great. Ive been getting lots of compliments on my shoes from the guys at work. Timberland Pros did a great job on this shoe. Waterproof, electric hazard, steel toe, steel shank and comfortable. This shoe is unreal! Took a few days to break in. A little stiff at first but now its all good.i hope this shoe lasts at least a good year or two. This shoe works best if your a boss and gotta put your boot in someones behind or if the apocolypes comes with zombies. This is the boots you wanna have on. But on a serious note...I would buy again in a heartbeat.
B001EWFF30 Nice shoe I really like this shoe. I would recommend this shoe for hicking or just walking around.  Go out and get a pair.
B001EWFF30 Not impressed Fits comfortably.  Metal shoe lace holder broke off in the first week. Would not recommend them.  Feel ok but doesn't matter if u can't tie your shoe
B001EWFF30 Great shoe, great fit, but I must have recieved a defective metal hook on one shoe. I bought this for my husband and he LOVES them. I ordered these in the beginning of October. It's now January and one of the metal hooks that you lace the shoe with has fallen off and is no where to be found. I don't know if we can put it back on if we find it or not. I was hoping to exchange it for a new pair, but it's too late. Does anyone know if Amazon will fix broken items (get a new pair in this instance)?
B001EWFF30 The right shoe for the job I purchased this shoe for my husband to wear to work,when he collected it he wore it the same day,he said it it extreamly comfy and it is his exact fit,he said for a shoe he did not try, it fits so perfect,i bought a size 9.5 m,he loves it,about durability,would get back to u on that,we now bought it,so do not be afraid it fits very good,it looks very good as well,try them,lol.
B001FA1IGY NOT A SLIP ON This shoe appears on the list of shoes when &#34;Loafers and Slip-Ons&#34; is chosen in Amazon's sidebar.  Amazon's photo of the shoe in the color I ordered, &#34;Brown/Brown&#34; does not show tied laces.So I thought I was ordering a slip-on shoe, which it turns out this shoe is not; so I returned the shoe.Otherwise, here are my impressions:Sole color was lighter than in Amazon's photo, which was a negative--I'm tired of boat shoes with white or very light colored soles.I ordered a 91/2D, which without socks fit my foot a little snugly, which is OK because I'd probably have wanted to wear the shoe without socks, and I'm pretty sure had I kept the shoe it would have broken in nicely for my bare feet.  However, I suspect it would be too tight to wear with any but the lightest of socks.Except for the ligher than expected sole, the shoe looked pretty good.
B001FA1IGY Very comfortable A solid shoe that can be worn at work or in a casual situation.  Feels more like a slipper when you put your feet up.  Very satisfied but the price is a little high...
B001FA1IGY Great shoe This shoe is more than I expected.  The leather is nice and soft - It is a shoe that can be comfortably worn woithout socks.  A great buy for the price!
B001FA1IGY boat shoes love the shoe, looks good on, comfortable, reasonably priced.would buy again as well as recommend to friends. a great value
B001FA1IGY great boat shoe This shoe replaced a pair I've had for more than 20 years. It's the same brand, but it has a different feel . The new pair has thinner leather and a thinner sole, but is as comfortable as the old pair after just a week. Great boat shoe!
B001FA1IGY These are nice, but not the top of the line These are the more basic of the Timberland Boat shoe line, fit nicely and the leather is high-quality. There is another that I have product that I have purchased in the past and those are a bit more substantial. That being said, they really work well for an everyday shoe and I'm sure they'll last for a while.
B001FXZU92 OKay shoe I purchased this shoe because I had another pair of Timberland PRO shoes.  These were the closest to the ones I had before.  I have been wearing these since Christmas and they are pretty stiff.  The thing I don't like about them is the soles are very hard.  It is getting pretty cold outside and the soles have gotten cold and become like plastic.  They are very slick in the construction field.  When I walk into a business from outside it sounds like I have on a women's heels shoe.  They are very loud and stiff soles.  In the construction field you want a more rubber sole that is going to get traction on the surfaces you walk on.  I tried walking up an angled plank and my feet began to slip from under me.  Hopefully when the weather warms up they will be better.  The other pair of Timberland PRO's I had stayed soft and got grip all year long.  I just wore them out.  They seem to be a nice fitting shoe.
B001FXZU92 Great Shoe The shoe is great.  It is very comfortable and it very warm.  I like that it is water resistant and it is rugged for all kinds of situations.
B001G842T0 great shoe, comfortable shoe is comfortablefairly rugged, not lots of ventilation thoughbut certainly holding up to daily abuseTimberlands in general seem to better affix the sole to the shoe which is where most of the boots by batesfail
B001G8W6WA pretty shoe, not a good fit The shoe was gorgeous. But, I could not get my foot even halfway in it.
B001G8W6WA Super Cute & Comfy Too! After reading the other review, I was worried that this shoe might not fit my wide foot. I hesitated to order,but am glad I did, as they fit beautifully and are quite comfortable for a "heeled shoe"! Perhaps they fit sowell because my foot is just a tad bit wide. I love the color and design of this shoe and it goes well with manyof my summer dresses and the lighter color I ordered elongates my leg - a big plus! This shoe is also true tosize - I love it!!!! Timberland's quality does not disappoint!!!!
B001GAPAJE Terrific hiking shoe We hike mountains regularly, and my son is not easy on any shoe. These shoes got more work-out than most and stood up better than any of his other shoes. They also stood up better than a different hiking shoe we bought for our daughter with the same type of lace system. I'd recommend them - now I'm looking for his new size.
B001GAPAJE Good kids shoe I bought this shoe for my 2 year old son so that he would have a good shoe that wouldn't wear out before he grew out of them, like all the other cheap shoes I had been buying him in the past have done.  This shoe is holding up very well to his active 2 year old life style.  They are easy to slip on the feet and easy to take off, but they do not fall off which is nice.Very durable and ruged for living out in the country.
B001GB8IVA More comfortable than I expected This shoe surprised me it was more comfortable than I expected. I now need to look for it in black.
B001J9EQOW Great Shoe This is that nice, simple, classic boat shoe.  The leather is a good quality and the shoe is very well made.  Very Comfortable.  I use them for everything, including boating.
B001J9EQOW my go to shoe for outdoors-causual or work I have bought this shoe many times ( at least 8 time over 25 years).  Wear almost everyday, so I wear then out.  It is my outdoor shoe to wear with kakis especially in rough ground, grass, gardening, surveying, soccer games, etc. I treat mine to be weather proof and polish with mink oil often.  The oiled leather, dark soles, good grade of leather are my favorite features which are extremely difficult to find in women's shoes.  I do have one pair with the lug soles but they collect mud so do not wear as much.  Hope Timberland never quits making this shoe.
B001JEP4F2 Best shoe I've ever owned This is a handsome, well built and unbelievably comfortable shoe.  Every now and then a company makes a signature product and may not even know it.  This is it.
B001JEP4F2 Great shoe Wife does not like the white on the sole area but I told after a few outing it would be tan also.  They do look like a boat shoe so should be great for Florida!
B001JEP4F2 Very comfortable! Extremely satisfied!  This is a very comfortable and well constructed shoe!I have a hard to fit foot (very narrow) and not the easiest of customers to satisfy. As we live in the country, tracking dirt/mud in from the outside is always a problem, but, with the shallow tread design there's little space for dirt/mud to collect.  I'm considering another pair (different color)and would highly recommend this shoe to anyone wanting a shoe that is, light weight, comfortable, and good looking.T.WilliamsNewton,Iowa
B001KOQ4EG good, but inconsistent So...wow...I liked this shoe and I did not buy it from Amazon. In fact, I am glad I did not buy this shoe online. Why? Because the sizing is so inconsistent. Be aware, this show is made in 3 different locations: China, Vietnam, and India. The sizing is different on all three and the construction is a little different. On one, the sole is a little longer on some parts than the other. You could imagine the confusion I had when I went to the shoe stores to try these on. The Chinese 9.5 was smaller than the Vietnam 9.5, which was very close to the India 10. So yeah, in the end, I had to go several stores trying to find the right combination of size and production location. Luckily for me, I live in the city, so I had numerous stores to look with in a 2 mile span.In conclusion, it is a decent shoe, but the whole "made in..." issue really puts emphasis on the issue of making manufacturing consistent. That however, is a HUGE negative because you are asking the consumer to adjust their time to make up for a company's inconsistent manufacturing process. I should not have to spend over an hour going to different stores trying on the same shoe size to see if it actually fits.
B001KOQ4EG Comfortable but . . . Needed a pair of shoes I could work in and stand on my feet all day.  These would be perfect, except the sole is beginning to separate from the shoe along the toe on the right shoe.  Should have gone with sperry.
B001KOQ4EG New Shoe Time This is the third pair of Timberland casual shoes I have owned.  Although I don't wear them everyday, probably about twice a week, the pair I just replaced lasted 7 years.  I hope the same holds true with these.  The shoe is very comfortable and sizing was accurate.  I received the shoe in about 7 days with regular ground shipping.  No complaints so far.
B001KOQ4EG The Perfect Shoe. I've been through three pairs so far. The best on-your-feet work shoe ever made. It's sad that Timberland a few years ago moved all manufacturing to China. But this shoe continues to be made well and its performance is off the charts.
B001KOQ4EG Another great Timberland product Say what you want, but Timberland just make great shoes: decent looking, comfortable, and last forever. This shoe is no exception. The style can be worn both at work and at more informal venues, and it is certainly a shoe that is comfortable all day (important for me as I work in a hotel and spend a lot of time on my feet).
B001KOQ4EG Great shoe for travel. I have bought many pairs of this shoe over the years because you can use it in many different settings. You can hike with it and than go to dinner, looks and works great.
B001KOQ4EG Work shoe with some miles on it I have had this shoe long enough to wear down some of the circles you see on the bottom of the sole of the shoe. It is the best work shoe I have ever owned. Most shoes cause the back of my heel to bleed but these have that nylon stretchy back that prevents that from happening. The shoe takes some time to break in but after that its great. Will buy again if they wear out which looks like may be awhile still :)
B001KOQ4EG Great Service Great service, shipped quickly. Product was a out of production shoe that was hard to find.  They had exactly what I was looking for in a shoe.
B001KOQ4EG Comfortable! This is a great shoe.  Very comfortable.
B001KOQ4EG Great shoe Very comfortable and long wearing.  Had to find this model anymore, but they are great for work or for play.
B001KOQ4EG I hate buying shoes ... ... And socks. Both. I hate shopping for them and I hate paying for them. About three-quarters of the time I'll go cheap and regret it. Then I see how much a quality product costs and I'll buy another cheap one, fully prepared for its short life-expectancy and fully prepared to complain about it.However, in this case I went out of my price comfort-zone. I was looking for the sweet spot where "at-the-office" meets "bumming around" from a design standpoint. I also wanted materials with lasting endurance. Something shinier, fancier (or cheaper) might wear noticeably with daily use. Hopefully Timberland's reputation will prove itself in this regard. I wanted something casual enough to wear with jeans, but attractive enough to wear with slacks and a button-down. In my humble fashion opinion these shoes fit in that spot. The "contrast" stitching doesn't jump out (the thread is medium grey, not white) but is not so subtle as to go unnoticed. The overall shape is rugged, but softened just enough to look like a shoe and not like a boot. The finish - a textured matte - should wear very well for obvious reasons. Even the eyelets seem to be well-built with the topmost being ovals which makes sense: lesser shoes with weak (or no) eyelets tend to distort where they are tied again and again. The small spandex-like web at the top-rear of the counter is a genius element making putting on and removing the shoe easier yet not diminishing the look of the shoe or the strength of the counter.If I can hold anything against this shoe it's the thickness and lack of padding in the upper. Despite this it was one of the most comfortable shoes I'd ever had out of the box. It applies no uncomfortable rubbing points around the ankle, heel, top or tongue. So I guess padding isn't necessary if a shoe is cut just right. (Note: there IS sole padding, I am referring to the upper surfaces.) One possible downside is warmth during the winter. We'll see how that goes.The only design point I would considering altering would be the laces - which are black - matching them to the grey stitching. Given the low-contrast I don't believe it would look ostentatious, but I'd have to see it. Certainly the black laces do not detract from the appearance.Other comments mentioned a lack of traction in wet or snowy conditions. I haven't experienced much in wet and we haven't had any snow stick yet so I can't comment there. In dry conditions they seem about as grippy as an average sneaker, certainly more so than a smooth soled dress shoe.
B001PUDHGS Great work shoe Great work shoe,  after wearing them an hour they were the most comfortable shoe I own.  The composite toe is light and that adds to their comfort.  They look good, I can travel with on and not have to change to a different pair at the work site.
B001PUFSW4 Excellent shoe Timberland makes a great shoe.  Living out in the bush in Alaska calls for a rugged shoe.  I wear these all the time and they handle my work and play just fine.  I wore tennis shoes throughout the summer but the wet, rocky, and tough conditions ruined two pairs in 5 months.  The Timberland PRO is a sturdy, comfortable, nice looking shoe that I will get at least a year of use out of. I would highly recommend these to anyone in need of something that will last and give comfort while wearing.
B001PUFSW4 A great shoe for work or play.... I was surprised how comfortable these shoes are.  They are cushioned, not that heavy and fit really well.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to friends and family.
B001PUFSW4 good shoe I was looking for a comfortable, affordable shoe with endurance.  So far these have held up to my expectations.  I walk all day and my feet didn't hurt at all.
B001PUFSW4 great shoe These are a comfortable and sturdy work shoe. I have plantar faciitis and needed a shoe with support.  I do carpentry work around the house, often I am working on projects in the basement and the concrete floor is a killer on my feet even with using floor mats.  Since I have been wearing these shoes, my feet dont hurt.  I highly recommend them.
B001PUFSW4 A supportive, comfortable, sturdy work shoe I would recommend these to women who work in the trades, or have another reason for a sturdy shoe. Although I was looking for an ankle-high workshoe without the protective toe, in 5.5 wide, this was all I could find. I don't even feel the composite toe, because the toe box is nice and roomy in this shoe.
B001PUIX26 Nice shoe but ok use... Shoe is very much my kinda shoe, I stand on my feet for 11 hrs everyday. its one of those shoes thats really comfy till u gotta just stand still. i got a pair of dr scholls insoles that make it better.
B001SARJXC Timberland Boots Excellent pair of boots. My 10th pair. Worn as dress shoe and casual shoe. Extremely comfortable. Sand filled sole make this boot comfortable even when standing for long periods of time
B001SARJXC GREAT SHOE, GREAT PRICE If you're looking for a shoe that will fit very well and last forever, look no further. BUY THIS SHOE
B001SARJXC Good Shoe This is the second pair of this shoe I have had. The size 11W fit a bit snugger than my last pair of the same size, but they are comfortable. I can usually wear a 10 1/2 or 11, but I'm glad I went with the 11. It's a dressy shoe that is easy the slip on and off and has no metal shank to set off metal detectors. Hopefully this pair will last as long as the last I had.
B001SARXH4 Comfort, Good Looks, Waterproof These are great shoes and live up to Timberland reputation. However, [...] charges for returns. I found this same shoe at a better price with free shipping and returns. It's a casual shoe but pair with a pair of khakis, jeans, cords, with a sweater or blazer. Great travel shoe.
B001T9PVWI WALKING FOR ALL DAY These shoes are so comfortable that you forget to take it off. Material is very soft, easy to fit, but the shoe is adjusted upward. Black is matte, and does not honor the good shoe that is.I recommend this shoe to very active persons and who likes extreme comfort.
B001UE6UKO Comfortable sturdy shoe My son wore this shoe on many hikes and said it was very comfortable.  It withstood a lot of beating with no visible signs of wear.
B0024MVAI8 Quality control issue I have owned four pair of the steel toe shoe version of this boot. Like the shoe version, the boot is outstanding in regards to comfort. The bad news is after just two weeks of wearing them the plastic eyelets have come unfastened from the boot. Because of this I will look at other shoe company's on the next purchase.
B00261CDYW Solid Shoe to buy anytime Solid shoe with good sole. Nice product. I hope to get more of this shoe in the future. I love it!
B00261CDYW What a bargain! Great shoe! *This Review Is Just for Initial Impressions and not a long-term review*I bought this shoe for $50 while it was onsale. I was a bit hesitant because of some of the poor reviews. However, the shoes look and feel amazing and can't believe I got them for only fifty bucks! What a steal.I got the black and white shoes with red lace and they look so sharp with jeans. I would def recommend this pair. I also wanted the navy blue with white but they didn't have my size.I am normally a 9 men but I bought a 9.5 just in case and the size is perfect. I also bought a &#34;wide&#34; size as I have slightly wider feet and some shoes that are narrow compress my foot but this one is a great fit.The only weird part is the sole of the shoe stops halfway towards your toes so first couple of days it takes getting used to/worn it but otherwise its fine.I may buy another pair when the navy is back in stock and they have the 9.5 wide back in stock at the discounted price ;)I will update with a long term review but otherwise they are great now!
B00261CDYW Timberland Men's Classic 2-Eye Boat Shoe I ordered this online thinking that Timberland's shoe sizes are the same as Sperry Topsiders (they're not - they seem to be sized a bit smaller than Sperry's).The first day I put them on, they were not comfortable (a lot of sharp edges and protrusions inside the shoe). After having them on all day at work, my feet were begging for me take them off.I will probably return these and spend a little more to get the Topsiders (which was the main reason I bought the Timberland - to save a few bucks).
B00261CDYW Nice boat shoe, but what's with those skiny red laces? Have worn Timberland boat shoes for years, saw the black and went with it. The laces are woven, very thin and red, which is true to the photo but something I didn't pick up. A visit to the Sperry site and another $15 later, I've got black leather laces to match the shoe. Much better.
B00261CDYW good I think this style is very fit,I feel very good, very worth buying  Great Shoe.I love this Shoe  Will recommend these to my friends
B00295RHNW That Really Hurts Disappointing, so very disappointing, I love Timberland as a brand. I have a number of their boots so when I looked to get a work shoe I thought Timberland but this was such an epic fail that I just don't know what to do with myself. First let me start by saying the shoe looks great up close and it feels great for about the first five minutes. The sides of the shoe sat right below my ankles on both side and every step I took it dug into my poor defenseless ankles. The sides would not give even a little after 10 hours on my feet I couldn't take it anymore and took the damn things off and walked barefoot to my car. So if you like your feet I wouldn't recommend this product for the health of your feet.
B00295RHV4 Heavy and rigid Not comfortable. I do not wear a wide shoe but do like room in the toe box. this shoe is narrow and it is heavy. I laced it properly and it slides causing blisters. It is rugged but I would not recommend for any type of work on an inclined surface. Stay on flat ground and you'll like it.
B00295RIW2 Best shoes ever. I purchased these clogs for work almost a year ago. I have worn them on an almost daily basis since I've gotten them, and they have been a God send for my feet. I even just insisted that my husband purchase the men's pair for his new job. My feet get tired so quickly, and I love that the padding inside is not just within the insert, but the built memory foam within the shoe itself. They are so comfortable, they're light, and they're the perfect shoe for any job where you're constantly on your feet. I like that they're water and skid resistant, as I work in assisted living, and giving my residents' showers means my feet always get wet. These shoes help protect them from getting soaked, and I don't have to tip toe around the bathroom for fear of falling over.I can't say enough great things about this shoe. My only complaint is that the strap tends to get a little squeaky, but that's not something that really bothers me. Usually all it takes is a little wigggle to the strap and the sound goes away.I'm also a nursing student right now, and I was disappointed to learn that I wouldn't be able to wear my clogs for school and clinical. I bought a pair of Nurse Mate brand slip ons for school and I already hate them. I will be purchasing another pair of Timberlands (the slip on shoe vs. the clog) in white for school. They are well worth the price you pay for them. I recommend these shoes to everyone!!
B00295RIW2 Great Shoe I'm a nurse, and I bought this shoe for work.  They are SO comfortable!!  They fit great and are very easy to keep clean.  Would recommend this product to everyone.
B00295RIW2 Wonderful shoe I owe this shoe & I love them. They are very comfortable and feel great on my feet.  Would recommend them to anyone
B00295RJIU absolutely love these shoes I am a nurse and of course I have been looking for a comfortable shoe for a long time and now I found it. This shoe is incredible. Great room in the toe, and true to size.  This shoe does stretch a little, because its leather, but actually forms to your foot for even a more comfortable fit.  These shoes are worth the money and you won't be disappointed I promise.
B00295RJIU Like Walking on Pillows I love these shoes.  They are like walking on pillows.  I bought them because I needed a shoe that looked nice for the office but that I could walk 2.5 miles each way back and forth to work that didn't hurt my feet.  I've been wearing these every day for a year and a half and I love them.  Why they don't get 5 stars?  Because the right shoe was just a bit bigger than the left shoe and is sloppy on the right foot but not on the left. It is not that, like some people, I have one foot a little bigger than the other because none of my other shoes have the same play as the right shoe in this pair.  I think it is a defect of the shoe.  If both shoes were the same size, they would have been perfect.
B00295RJIU it's a good work shoe I'm a housekeeper room attendent for a major resort.  I stand, walk, bend and move around all day for 8 hours.  Sometimes I don't even have time for a lunch break.  I find this shoe to be pretty comfortable.  I got an 8.5 Wide.  It's roomy in the toes and supports your arch well.  The only thing is it hurts on the side of my feet.  Just where that big bone that sticks out.  And I still get pain in my calves and hamstrings.  I guess because I bend alot making the beds.  It's the best work shoe I've found so far.  I would recommend it.
B00295RJIU timberland slip-on I found this shoe to be very comfortable and great for wearing when you know you will be on your feet a lot.  It give you stablilty from falling on slippery surfaces.
B00295RJIU very happy Delivery was quicker than I expected. The quality of shoe is excellent, just like the picture. Have been wearing the shoe for a few weeks now, very comfortable and good for my posture.
B00295RJIU The best shoe ever I was shopping for scrubs in a local store and tried on a pair of white Timberland Pro shoes. I put the shoe on my foot, let it settle, then put on the other shoe and and my feet seemed to say "ahhh!  mmmm!"  The funny thing  was,I couldn't bear to remove my feet from these shoes!  I purchased them and I have worn them everywhere - work, church, movies, dinner, loafing around the house. Not long after this first purchase I decided that a brown pair was a necessary addition to my shoe collection. And guess what?  When I put them on - right out of the box! - my feet were mmm-ing and ahh-ing. Timberland has outdone all other brands in making a very comfortable, wear-like-metal, snazzy looking shoe.  They're way worth every penny you pay for them.  I think I need a black pair now.  ahhh!  mmmm!ConnieM
B00295RJIU shoe recommendation I want to recommend a lighter weight shoe , it would be better and comfortable for professional workers who walk and stand for many hours.
B00295RJIU Great shoe Exactly as described. I got the wide version and it fit my foot nicely. I would have given 5 stars but the top part of shoe is a bit loose (where my ankle and back of shoe meet). I think a smaller size would help but then it would be too small on the actual foot. Overall, great shoe
B00295RJIU Good work shoe Didn't get a 5 because it is a bit stiff but as a Nursing professional it is a good shoe with great support.
B00295RJIU Heaven for my feet! I wish I could buy every color offered in this shoe!  I would wear them everywhere - not just at work.  Plenty of room for my toes, not too loose on my narrow heels and wonderful cushioning and support! This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.
B00295RJIU versitile shoe I reviewed shoes with good support for weeks, before looking at professional shoes.  I was hesitant to order this shoe due to the price, and not being sure of how heavy it would be.  I am a former surgical tech, and know the value of a really good shoe, so I gave this one a try. I am very pleased thus far, I don't wear them every day, since I mainly wanted them for shopping and when I knew I'd be on my feet for most of the day.  They didn't require any break-in and are fairly lightweight for this type of shoe like clog.  I want to order another pair, but will wait to see how they hold up with wear.  The only real draw back for me is the sole, I like a smoother sole that is easy to clean since I live on a farm and like to be able to quickly brush them off before coming inside. I also find it a little easy to topple or trip since the sole does grip tightly to all surfaces.Still, a great shoe and would recommend it to anyone.
B00295RJIU My new nurses shoe! I'm always concern about ordering shoes on line but this shoe fits perfectly! I'm a size 8 1/2 that's what I ordered. These shoes don't require any breaking in. Really good quality shoe. Just trying on I can feel comfort for those long days on standing on a hard surface.My package arrived on time in perfect condition.
B002ASAKN2 Don't go by the picture I was looking for a nice looking, comfortable and robust shoe.  This shoe is very comfortable but it doesn't look the same the way it looks in the picture.  So I did not like it much.
B002ASAKN2 If the shoe fits wear it The left shoe fit fine but the right shoe was tight. I received another pair the same size and still the right foot was a little tight so maybe it's me I moved up to size 11 and it will work
B002MQ8YEE Uncomfortable Shoe Pros:  This shoe is a decent looking shoe.Cons: This shoe is easily one of the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn in my life.  Even though I only spent 20 dollars, I really still would like to have my money back. I tried to break the shoes in to much pain for an entire summer and they still fit terribly with the top being too stiff and little to no cushioning on the bottom.  Double thumbs down!
B002NEGCC6 great shoe fits very well and its comfortable. I like timberland because they seem to last a very long time, so they are a dependable footwear.
B002NEGCC6 THE WRONG SHOE WAS SENT ProsGreat design and fit as expected,ConsA bit tight around the tongue and the left pair is tighter more than the right but the overall fit is ok.The top toe area sinks in once the shoe is on (wrinkled old look)I ordered the Dark Brown Suede and got the brown so my cons my be resolved when i get the correct shoe (if i get the correct one) as the material will be different.The overall service i got from amazon in regards to receiving the wrong product was horrible, i even offered pictures etc but left feeling like it was my fault and responsibility.
B002NEGCC6 My first Timberland shoe I found a shop in my country that sells Timberlan and I really liked the quality and appearance of this brand. Unfortunately, I have not found an adequate size shoe that would fit my foot. Thank God, I began to have some experience buying online through Amazon and didn't be hard to find these shoes as stylish and comfortable. They make me feel so good and proud of wearing.
B002NEGCC6 Good looking shoe This is a well made fairly comfortable shoe. It is a bit heavy but comfortable to walk in.  I recommend a pair of these to all of you looking for a business casual slip on.
B002NEGCC6 THE WRONG SHOE WAS SENT TWICE!! I ordered the Timberland Men's City Adventure-Front Country Slip-On, DARK BROWN SUEDE shoe (as shown above).  I received the Timberland Men's City Adventure-Front Country Slip-On, DARK BROWN OILED NUBUCK shoe TWO TIMES!!  This is ridiculous.  I want the DARK BROWN SUEDE shoe.  How can I get the correct shoe?
B002NEGCC6 Shoe is not what it decribed Shoe is comfrtable to wear but font got so many wrinkle and looks like old shoe after wearing for two day which my job is driving  sorry to say but shoe is not worth what i paid
B002NEGCC6 Great Shoe I took the advice of others who said the shoe ran a little large and ordered a half size smaller (9.5) than what I usually order. The fit is perfect at that size. I got the shoe in the brushed brown suede, although it doesn't seem very suede-like, it's a great-looking and very comfortable shoe that I would definitely buy again.
B002NEGCC6 Too good I really like this shoe. This is the first shoe ever which is so comfortable. I have flat foot.  I have to stand for long periods of of time. Whn I started using this shoe my foot ache has gone down to 10-20%.I'm amazed and very satisfied with this product. I was looking for a comfortable shoe and this is it. I would strongly recommend people to go  for this shoe if they are looking for something comfy.
B002NEGCC6 light, stylish Really like this shoe.  It is a good looking slip on that is very light and not sloppy on my foot.  A winner.
B002NEGCC6 Like others have said, left foot is tighter than right Just received these shoes a few days ago.  Right shoe goes on easy, feels nice and comfortable.  The left shoe, i had to spend a bit of effort getting it on.  It fits but it is a bit tight.  I've had similar Skechers shoes which weren't a problem, and my other shoes fit just fine, so I don't think I have a monster left foot and a normal right foot.Anyway, I've worn these for a day and I doubt I can return them.  I will try to figure out a way to stretch these a bit so the left shoe is comfortable.  Amazon should really look at these reviews as this is a pretty stupid defect.
B002NEGCC6 Watch the fit. The fit of the shoe is good until walking around or being on one's feet for 3-4 hours. Then the toe box felt cramped like it was pushing on the toes to curl. I was expecting a more squared off versus tapered front of the shoe. I don't know if ordering a wider shoe would solve this problem or just make for a sloppy fit. The side elastic inserts are long and sturdy and make it easy to put them on. The thick inserts can be removed, but would need to be replaced with another insert as you'll be walking on waffle sub sole otherwise. The shoe comes up low on the ankle in the back which is good for those that need that feature. The suede is dark and seems good quality. The shoe is heavier than what I had expected after reading other posts, but I like the weight and grip of the sole. Overall, the shoe is well built in Timberland tradition. I would highly recommend this shoe noting the fitting issues that are a personal need and choice.
B002NEGCC6 Great Casual shoe for work I tried looking for a similar shoe in my local stores and had alot of trouble finding the right style and size. These are exactly what I was looking for!
B002PMUH8G Great shoe, with a real soul Great shoe, very comfortable.. I would warn people whose feet sweat alot: the sole is like a micro-suede that will undoubtably get smelly. But ive worn them, run the insoles through the wash and it seems to work really well. Very comfortable, and way more hip than topsiders.
B002PMURGI Perfect I ordered the shoe and it came at the right time. The shoe fits perfectly well on me, and it is so light, soft, and flexible. I looking forward to order the black color soon.
B002REU70K Great Shoe I love theses shoes ever since I bought my first pair. I use them for Cross Country training - great shoe! This is my 8th pair!! I'd certianly buy them again.
B002YOMJPY Nice Shoe I liked the shoe but found it to be too heavy for everyday use. Excellent quality as expected with Timberland but just couldn't deal with the weight of the shoe
B002YOMJPY weird hooks and wobbly the top two shoe lace hooks on either side are odd and the shoe laces come loose all the time. I don't understand them. It fits the same length as my nike running shoes, but the fit is wobbly and I can see my ankle in some pain. Maybe thicker socks would work.
B002YOMJPY My favorite outdoor shoe so far. I have worn this particular shoe for 2 years. Each pair has lasted about a year which is really good considering what I put them through. I am a mailman and these shoes have stood up better than any I have tried so far. It takes a really good shoe to stand up to the brutal grind of walking, climbing and beating against all manner of objects while walking 6 to 8 hours every day, I will buy a 4th pair of these when my new ones wear out. My only complaint is that I wish the waterproofing would last longer. They are light and comfortable and very durable.
B002YOMJPY Nice shoe Nice durable shoe. I wear this shoe a lot. There are no complaints. I wish I had purchase them before buying the skechers.
B002YOMJPY Very good work shoe! I like the fit! Walks out very well!!! If you need a good walking shoe This is it! I would buy again!
B002YOMJPY awesome shoe and best shoe all around The shoes fits perfectly. We had our first snow storm and the shoes are amazing to walk in. It keeps my feet warm and comfortable, and the shoes definitely are waterproof no leaks. The shoe are able to walk on rough terrain with ease.  Overall best purchase I ever made :)
B002YOMJPY Not Happy With the Show Lace The shoe is very nice and fits perfectly. It has good traction and works fine on snow too. It also looks great and Amazon's service was really good. My only problem is that the shoe lace is very low quality and it always gets slack after a few minutes of use. I tried to  tie the lace in so many different ways but none of these methods are working. I wish I had a different kind of shoe lace to tie the show with. Other than this shoe lace problem the shoe is perfect for any kind of daily use.
B002YOMJPY Uncomfortable Shoes For the money spent this shoe is very uncomfortable and the materials used to make this shoe seem very cheap. Save yourself the grief and buy the Chocurua Trail.
B002YOMJPY My Tims The shoe is very comfortable after you break it in. The heel of the shoe is very stiff and rubs against your heel, which is painful until it is broken in. Overall it is a good boot.
B002YOMJPY Rethink the laces! I like the boot. Fit as expected and rather warm. Traction is adequate. But, the aspect that really irritates me is how any shoe manufacturer could put together a good boot like this and use, as standard equipment, the most inadequate pair of shoe laces on the planet. The nylon based shoe laces provided slip and consequently you have to tie and re-tie your boots several times a day. I have also purchased a pair of Merrell boots and they include a fabric based shoe lace that doesn't slip!!! Hint Hint! Yes I know that nylon is durable, but what you may not know is that nylon needs to be secured by some sort of fastener to prevent slippage. Dear Timberland Marketing Department, please tell your product development people that to rethink the nylon shoelaces!
B002YOMJPY Nice shoe but tight on toes This shoe was very comfortable at first but after a few wears they started to squeeze my big toe.  I don't know if a size larger would help but other that its a great shoe.
B0034G5I8G Great Shoe This is a no brainer people.  I love this shoe ladies and it really serves it purpose.  I found that it was well constructed and very easy to clean.  The color of the shoe is very nice, especilaly accross the top.  I received so many compliments on this shoe!  Go for it!
B0034G5IHM Disappointing shoe I bought these for an overseas holiday with snow and rain. Well, the second time I wore them I slipped over just going down some regular wet steps! Did not expect that from a hiking shoe!! The sole is very stiff, even though it has deep treads. Never wore them again. Shoe is also a generous fitting.
B0034XRXDC Fine Shoes I am a long time fan of Timberland shoes and have worn them for 25+ years.  My old pair had worn out but I continued to wear them.  The wife decided it was time and selected these for me as a Christmas gift.  Usually I wear a high ankle shoe and I would still prefer that type of shoe but will rate these for the style they happen to be.These are comfortable for someone with a wide foot.  I wear them daily around the office and at home to walk the dogs.  They are holding up well to the outdoor elements.I do see one negative.  The shoe laces are a bit long and I like a tightly tied shoe.  These seem to work loose and need retied a couple of times each day.  I usually never retied my old Timberland shoes.  The laces also look hard to fine/replace so I am taking one star off for that alone.Added 12/15/2012: I thought I should update this review.  After about 8 months of normal wear, the sole on one shoe separated.  I managed to fix it with some super glue but it shouldn't have happened.  I dropped my rating from a four to two stars as a result of this issue.
B0034XRZUS Rugged shoe These are my first pair of Timberlands.  The shoes are very well made, rugged,  look fine and fit comfortably.  The main problem I have with the shoes is their stiffness.  The sole is flexible, but transmits more of the impact of walking to my foot than I would like, especially on concrete.  That is probably because  I had to replace the inserts that came with the shoe with my own, due to plantar fasciitis.  Timberland's are thicker than mine and may work fine for others..  But I can't use their thick pads with my inserts.
B0034XS2G4 Nice shoe This is the type of shoe that looks small on your foot which is good if you take a larger size. I got these in a 12W. My foot is 12" (appropriately) neither narrow nor extra wide. I'm not really accustomed to US sizes but the result is OK. They do feel a little tight but only a little. Not enough to worry about as they are bound to stretch enough to make them completely comfortable. Having just tried them on I would say that I wouldn't go for the next size up if I was to reorder them. The oil skin finish is very nice too. I also like the slim look and lack of bulk to this shoe.
B0034XS2G4 Sizes are severely out of wack This is supposed to be a broad shoe.  in broad 11.5 is my size.  Too small.  Shoe looked like a ten and i could not squeeze in at all.  Very disappointing because it looks like a beautiful shoe.
B0034XS2WS Very Disapointed The insole seemed a size bigger than the shoe. I couldn't even get my foot into either shoe, even after trying to adjust the insole. I would NOT recommend this shoe.Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return them with no hassle.
B0034XS2WS Great shoe This shoe have a great fit, it is very comfortable and  all round a nice shoe. I recommend it to any one and the shipping was fast and on time
B0034XS2WS Great shoe!!! This shoe fits and wears very well. Very stylish. Goes well with khakis or jeans. Quick shipment and excellent value. Well done Timberland.
B0034XS4OY Great shoe. Horrible sizing It's a very comfortable shoe and I like the look, but sizes are WAAYYY off - about 2-2.5 sizes too large.I usually wear an 11 or 11.5 shoe, for this shoe, a 9 fits right.
B0034XS4OY Great shoes with a few issues. I received these shoes a few days ago. After looking them over, I can say that they are well-constructed, sturdy, and fairly affordable. One problem is that they run very large. I usually wear a size 9 or 10 shoe depending on the company. For these Timberlands, I needed a size 7.5. Something in their sizing is way off. Luckily I went to a store that sold Timberlands to try for the correct size before buying this model on Amazon. It would be in your best interest to do the same for yourself. The shoe has an extremely comfortable insole, and the grip and feel of the shoes is fantastic. Honestly, I don't think I've owned a more comfortable walking shoe. However, after wearing and walking in them for a full day, I realized that the shoes were causing me pain on the back of my heel, near the Achilles heel tendon. The top-back part of the shoe tore some of the skin from my back heels, apparently from friction. I assume, however that this problem will diminish after a break-in period. I really feel like these are high-quality shoes and will last me a very long time. The pain in the back of my heel is uncomfortable for now, but I really think it will subside once the shoe conforms to the shape of my foot.
B0034XS4OY Quality shoe to a point. I've had these shoes for over a year now.  Great shoe. Comfortable.  Good support.  The shoe is advertised to be leather.  This is true, except for the piping around the top of the shoe and the edges of the leather around the eyelets. The piping is made of vinyl/plastic and has completely worn-off within two months of purchase. The outcome is the white material under the exposed piping is exposed.  Every so often I paint the white material with a black Sharpie pen.Too bad Timberland had to cut corners on such a fine shoe!
B0035LD1X4 Nice shoe and good fit, very comfortable. As most of Timberland products this was a good comfortable shoe with perfect fit.For sure we will get more products from Amazon.com.
B0035LD2X8 Made In India? These are not made in the USA.  Compare this to a quality shoe from a US manufacturer, likeAllen Edmonds Men's Malvern Boot, and there is a world of difference.Leather is light, dry, and thin.  Laces will not last.  Lug style sole is not Vibram.  Recycled material used for lining and foot bed is of questionable quality.Now for the good.  Good year welt.  If the shoe holds up, you can re-sole it.  Not very sturdy means little to no break-in period.  You can wear these right out of the box.  No real arch support means that these shoes so not have a steel shank, resulting in a very soft foot bed.  No steel shank means that you won't have a problem with metal detectors.Overall, you get what you pay for.  A lesser quality shoe meant to compete with lower priced market options.  It is a better "cheap" shoe than other shoes in the same price range.  The retail asking price leaves a lot of room for retailer discounts.  This shoe should retail in the "less than $100" price range, and compete withRockport Men's Stitched Leather Chukka,Clarks Originals Men's Desert Boot, Timberland Men's Earthkeepers City Plain Toe Chukka Boot,Teva Men's Bishop Peak Chukka Waterproof Boot, andBass Men's Belmont Chukka Boot.
B0035LD2X8 Timberland Earthkeepers - City Chukka Great shoe - though they run at least a 1/2 size large - super comfortable & good looking.  Fast shipping.  Over all great experience.
B0037CW26I A great shoe My husband bought this shoe to replace the same product several years old.  It took a while to break them in, but once they softened up, they became just as comfortable as the old ones.
B003A4T4A0 Great shoe! This shoe is great for the workplace and casual wear. It is lightweight and slip resistant which is a plus for my job. When buying, the shoe tends to run big so when you order go 1/2 size smaller than normal. The conrad is also similar to the ashford in the timberland pro if you are not a fan of the lines going down the shoe. It is very difficult for me to find a shoe that could be used for dress and casual wear due to the size I need.
B003A4T4A0 The Best Formal wear shoe I had ever owned I ordered these shoes, because I wanted something I could be comfortable in standing for a long period of time. BINGO, these are comfortable, spacious, without being too loose, good traction, and its sort of built in insole is very comfortable also, no need to additional insoles. The look sharp, a basic squared toe style shoe. it polishes nicely also. I would recommend this for anyone whom needs good shoes for work, weddings or anything. super comfortable.
B003A4T4A0 nice & comfy i chose a size to big, but nevertheless it fit relatively well, i guess if i had chosen the correct size it would have been the perfect shoe.would recommend this shoe to anyone,
B003A4V78C what a shoe Great for the work I do (USPS) on the floor 8-10 hours per night, great looking, comfortable, and sturdy...couldn't have picked a better shoe.
B003A4V78C Great product This shoe is created for those working long hours on the job like in retail or in restaurants. The great thing about this shoe is that it can be used for casual wear and looks professional for the office. It is a lightweight shoe with slip resistant soles which are useful for those wet surfaces in the restaurant field. According to the Timberland website the leather has resistance to oil and water spills which is very nice. I would highly recommend this shoe to a friend.
B003A4V78C The only shoe I will wear I have been wearing Timberland Pros for four years now.  I work in the culinary field (hotels and restaurants mainly) and these have been the most comfortable shoe I have found.  My first purchase of Timberland Pros was a composite toe boot as I unloaded trucks twice a week and was tired of running my toes over the dolly.  So comfortable I became a brand fan.  Moving into a chef position warranted a change in professionalism, no more combat boot cook.Beginning with the bad things, the shoes takes at least two weeks to break in and boy are they stiff when you get them.  secondly they run a size small, but Timberland does that all around as a company.  I wear a 10.5 and both casual boot and work boot Timberlands had to be 9.5, same as these shoes.  Best bet if ordering online, go to your local shoe store and try on some Timberland shoes or boots to find out your size.Good things about this shoe could go on for awhile, but I'll keep the the main points of a work shoe.  The shoe is waterproof, for the most part.  I was dumping water out of a 55 gallon steam jacketed kettle and the boiling water spilled a bit on my shoe, but never penetrated it, preventing a serious burn.  I am sure they would fill up with water if you just plopped your foot into some liquid and kept it there though.The slip resistance is fantastic, other than small slides in oil spots, but I have yet to find a shoe that doesn't do that.The comfort is great once you get through the 2 week break in period.  These are by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.The durability (keep in mind I work in kitchens, not heavy duty construction) of the shoe lasts me around a year and a half.  My company recently added Timberland Pro Series to their purchase program and every six months they order me new shoes, I have a pair still in the box because my other pair still looks brand new.  This is chemical abuse from cleaning and normal wear and tear with the occasional truck I happen to have to work now.Overall, the price is justified in comfort and durability and a solid work shoe.  Keeping in mind that this pair of shoes was designed for the Hospitality industry and their products in that field caters more towards a management person (hence the high price). You can visit the Timberland site to find out what shoes are more suitable for your line of work (Hospitality, nursing, construction, etc...).
B003A4V78C Rare combination Sharp looking shoe for business attire without looking like a pansy. (Can you say pansy? Who knows these days.) These shoes are as advertised: they are comfy even walking on concrete and standing a long time. The fit was as expected, but if you wear those thin dress socks this shoe runs a smidgen large.
B003A4V78C Exaggerated dimensions These shoes look great in the picture; however, they are quite clunky in reality.  The material around the ankles comes up very high and left me with an open blister after a few hours of wearing them around the office.  Also, there is too much space between the roof of the shoe and my foot.  The top of the shoe makes a bit of a dome, and looking down at them, they look huge and round on my foot, even though the length inside was fine.  The craftsmanship appears to be fine, but they just had a horrible fit for my foot.  I will say, the soul of the shoe felt more cushioned than my other dress shoes.  I sent them back for a refund.
B003A4V78C Great Safety Dress Shoe So far, the shoes are meeting expectations. They fit well and look great as a dress shoe.  No slipping on wet surfaces.
B003A67X5G best shoe that I have purchased in years! This is simply the most comfortable,  well made shoe that I have purchased in recent memory. I had to buy a half size under my regular shoe size, but they feel great. I walk a lot in my line of work and I wear business casual dress and these look great. I actualy look forward to putting these on in the morning which is a welcome change. I'll likely buy a second pair in another color just so I don't wear them out.
B003A67X5G Great Shoe Very nice looking shoe and very comfortable to wear.  I'm on my feet for 12 hours a day and this shoe is lightweight and stylish.
B003A67X5G Comfortable and affordable... The shoe was what I expected. Comfortable and casual. The insole is great for long days of walking around on hard surface. I liked the no slip outer sole.
B003A67X5G GREAT WORK SHOE Just what I needed in a work shoe..comfortable, goodlooking & well made solid shoe...I'm sure it will last a while
B003A69RS2 the shoe this shoe is the kind of shoe that you can go around with in any kind of environmentplus it is slip free
B003A69RS2 Great working shoe& also a great looking shoe. My good friend Paul recommended these new Timberlands and I was amazed how my feet and back felt after a 10 hr. day on cement floors. I was so impressed; I ordered a second pair.
B003A69RS2 Great shoe This is a great shoe. It fits well, and my feet feel good at then end of the work day.
B003A69RS2 Best work shoe period I manage an automotive shop. I needed a shoe that was slip resistant and also stylish. This shoe fits the bill. An added benefit was that my old shoes (Another pair of Timberland that I had worn everyday for 3 years) had worn out insoles and were causing my knees to swell. This new pair corrected that problem the first day I wore them! Could not be more satisfied with these shoes.
B003AZZIUE A pretender......... I have owned both the Power Lounger and now the Up Country. Not even close to being the same shoe unfortunately. The Power Lounger was the genuine article. Comfortable and durable. You could take them anywhere, get them dirty, throw them in the washer, whatever. I ordered this shoe through Zappo's (now owned by Amazon). I was happy to see that they had kept the model of shoe that I loved, but I was duped. The shoe runs a full size bigger than the Power Lounger so I had to send it back. Other things that I don't like, not nearly as comfortable as the PL, the sole is much thicker and clumsy. The capper was that, after 20-30 uses the suede leather near the flex point on the right shoe of my Up Country's actually tore! The shoes still looked new, but the suede did not hold up. Unfortunately, I had owned them for more than one year so Timberland told me "sorry, lotsa luck"! I called Zappo's out of desperation and they were the best! Since I had bought several pairs of shoes over the last few years through their website, they credited me the purchase price! Not a store credit, but they actually returned the money to my account as a courtesy for being a good customer. Anyway, I hope Timberland brings back the REAL Power Lounger. If they do, I will probably buy 10 pairs and stash them in my closet.
B003AZZJLW Great shoe! My husband had purchased this shoe at a Timberland Outlet store and LOVED this shoe.  I went back and purchased a seceond pair for him because he worn the first pair all the time.  Great SHOE!!  Highly recommended this shoe.
B003AZZJYY nice quality and good fit after 1 wearing Overall a very nice shoe for the money.  The width issues reported by others could be caused by someone having a high arch.  Upon initial wearing, I detected a slightly tighter fit above the arch, but after a short bike ride the shoe fit much better.  The toe box and heel fitting was just right. So my selection of 10D was a good one instead of opting for a wider size. The shoe should last a long time with its double seam stitching and durable rubber sole.  The collar of the shoe is synthetic, but the rest of the upper is covered in smooth leather. I got these shoes in 3 business days which was great too.  I'm very satisfied with this shoe which will compliment my other Timberland Pro Steel toe boot I use in the field.
B003AZZKIE Great Product with comfort, style and functionality First I would like to start with the style of the shoe.  It is a great looking shoe that is exactly what the picture describes.  It is casual enough for any event, but stylish enough to wear out.As far as comfort goes the shoe definitely needs breaking in.  After the first 3-4 times wearing it, it fits like a glove and does not cause any irritation.  Also the anti-fatigue souls are very comfortable when standing for long periods.I have not had a chance to try it out in the water yet, but the shoe is warm and has not been a problem with ice or below freezing weather.I would definitely purchase again!
B003AZZMN2 Favorite boot for many different occasions There is nothing wrong with the other review of this shoe but I also wanted to add my two cents...The leather is not thin, and after three years with the boot I can say it is wearing well.  SO well that I have this in two colors the black/black and the brown/black.  I have to say it is a very durable and handsome shoe that I have worked and played in with many compliments, as well as being a shoe that I can be on my feet all day and not feel like I have been wearing a heavy boot or too stiff of a dress shoe.  It is not lined on the inside but I do think it is warm enough for the west coast in not extreme temperatures (the right sock makes al the difference in the world) and was glad for this when I wore it for work walking all day in downtown San Diego walking from two hotels and throughout the whole convention center during Comic Con.  THe boot looks better on my feet than any standard chukka with a decidedly more work inspired flavor.  The shoe is very well padded, but needs better arch support IMO, also good and roomy in the toe box (for wide feet like mine with still enough room for sturdy sox!).  Agree that the stitching is not the best but also think it can be fixed pretty simply by a good shoe repair shop.  All in all one of my best boots and I highly recommend it.
B003AZZMN2 disappointed I purchased this shoe based on my past experience with a Timberland shoe.  That shoe provided me with several years (almost continuous usage) of comfortable wear before the uppers simply fell apart.  My assumption that the past was a guide to future quality was BADLY mistaken.1. The uppers are NOT lined.  Therefore, they are not as comfortable nor are they as warm as my previous shoe.  Indeed, the 2 mm. thick piece of leather that forms the upper is neither comfortable NOR warm during a midwest winter.2.  The thinness of the leather combined with the lack of lining and necessary wear (I can't afford two pairs) means, I am sure, that the stitching will tear in the near future.3.  They are very difficult to put-on (actually a real pain-in-the-ass).In summary, if you live in cold weather country, save your money!!  Perhaps, quality was sacrificed with the shift in manufacturing to Vietnam.
B003BLPA00 Wrong sizing These are good shoes. I got 11,5 Toddler. But, they are 0.5 cm longer than specified in the dimensional grid. In addition, the left shoe was larger than the right shoe to 0.5 cm, but on both shoes size 11.5 Toddler Set. And actually right shoe 11.5 (for insole 18.5 cm), and the left shoe 12 (insole 19cm). I'm upset. I can't make a return, because I live in Ukraine, and it will cost twice as much than to buy new shoes.
B003EO8S7G Incredibly comfortable shoes!! This is a very comfortable shoe.  Orthotics fit in them without problem and they seem to be very well made.
B003EO8SD0 Sweet deal Lets just say that they are a Gore-Tex shoe for only 45 buck. That in my book is a deal. On top of that they are a very comfortable shoe. I accomplished a double High Peak hike in the cold and rain and my feet were not sore. As a point of information I feel that the shoes ran a half size large.
B003EV5JYO As advertised and beyond! I bought this shoe my 11yr old daughter, it came sooner than expected and looked great.  She said it was very comfortable and,they kept her feet warm and had good traction both of which are a must living in Chicago.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone looking for nice looking amd functional boot for their child
B003EV5QDS Not so durable... I agree with the other reviewers that these shoes are comfortable and good looking but I find the construction pretty cheap for a shoe over $100 and am very concerned about durability.  I've had them for almost a year and have ended up reserving them for dress occasions at work only.  I had planned these as my new everday work shoe but the leather gets marked up so easily, that I don't think they would last a month of regular wear.  These are probably fine for someone to wear in the evenings as casual wear but I do not recommend them as a dress shoe as the leather will not stay looking good.  This is strange because my last pair of Timberline Chukka boots are holding up great....
B003EYW8EK Very good shoe that outlasted our son's foot growth The mark of a good kid's shoe is that it lasts longer than it fits - and this did. Not only did our three-year-old wear this as part of his uniform most days, he wore them on hikes and while riding his bike in the afternoons (he preferred them to his normal play-shoes). Even though he's now outgrown them, the leather still looks very good and we sold the used pair on eBay for almost half of the original purchase price. Excellent shoe, good investment, matches most school uniforms, buy it.
B003EYW8EK Nice shoe for toddler This shoe is a great shoe for a toddler. I purchased a wide width shoe because of my toddlers wide foot. It runs true to size & looks nice dressed up or down. I have always liked Timberland footwear I have worn them growing up & I still buy them when I want a good quality shoe that holds up.The only reason I gave this shoe a 4 star was because in the ad it shows the logo in back on the shoe on the rubber being orange which they usually are. But the one I got was not. It had the logo imprinted into the rubber but not like it should be. I still kept it.
B003EYW8EK Great! I was leary about getting this shoe as I thought it was a particular shoe I saw & didn't like, but when I received them.  I loved them.  They are great for school.
B003EYW8EK Good product but not for 9 month baby Purchased these shoes/boots for my 9 month old. He's a size 4 but they fit like size 5. The boot is good quality and great if he was walking but my crawler (walks with assistance) needs a soft shoe. Also the shoe laces are extremely long.
B003HLI3B2 Not for people with narrow heels and big toes The sole is soft and the shoe is generally comfortable to walk in for hours at a time. Good thing it has the strap over the top or else it would have come off a number of times. On me the heel is extremely loose. The shoe seems to be about a half size to big except as it is my toes bulge out the sides of the shoe about an inch from the tip of the shoe. The non slip could be better.To sum it up: if you have a wide heel and narrow toe and are looking for a comfy heel to work on your feet for number of hours, this could be a great shoe for you.
B003K31GDE Just OK It's my work shoe. Kitchen Mgr.I'm on my feet most of the day, and I'm not really to impressed with these shoes.Nonslip 2 out 5.. Crocs are better in this area.Comfortable 3 out 5.. After several hours you'll be switching to different shoe.Design 4 out 5... Nice looking shoe, stain resistant.If I didn't have another choice I would buy this shoe again.
B003K31GDE Nice shoes, but I wish they were more comfortable I have other pairs of 5 star Timberland shoes such as the Terrene (great shoe) and the Ashford (also great shoe) so I like Timberland, especially the 5 star series.Unfortunately the Mond is not nearly as comfortable as the Terrene or the Ashford. I really needed a supportive shoe with a leather upper and cushioned sole. Theseare hard on the sole and don't have nearly the cushion as the other mentioned shoes. The tip of the sole by the toes also seems to bend upward putting unnecessary pressureon the toes, especially the big toe causing pain after a short time. Overall I can't say that I like the feel or functionality of the shoe and therefore I returned them.
B003K31GDE Snazzy and versatile! I've worn Timberland shoes for the past 10 years (not the same one, of course), and found them to be extremely comfortable and long lasting. This particular model has also doubled as both a work shoe and a dress shoe (at black tie events). Excellent product -I'm sticking with it.
B003K31GDE Timberland is the only kitchen shoe... As for durability, wear, comfort, and feel, this is an excellent kitchen shoe. The nice styling is icing on the cake, and easy to put on/take off.
B003K39I1Q sucks!! i ordered xtra wide and they sent me just wide also they shoe is so hard it hurts to put on. I dont like this shoe at all and i payed a lot for the shoe because of the brand and the reviews but i wish i didnt. Dont get them!!
B003NUQYC2 shoe shoe shoe shoe shoe Poor fit not really comfortable not reallyHappy with purchase will buy cheaperComfortable shoes will not purchase these again
B003UFJCP6 Not bad Good looking shoe but not much support for the arches. This shoe squeaks for awhile until you break it in, so don't wear to the library.
B003UFJCP6 Excellent shoe The shoe size is too large but the shoe was very fashionable I like the appearance of shoe I just wish I could wear them
B003UFJCP6 Love It! All I can say is BUY this shoe!  Since i've received this shoe I worn numerous times, very comfortable shoe to walk in all day long. Not a bad look, goes well with jeans.  True to size I wear a 9M, roomy at the toe.  What else can I say it's a Tmberland shoe!
B003VJWJ1U Timberland I choose three star because it wasnt what i expected. The left shoe has some major issues the top rubber was peeling off already they did not check it carefully. It looks like the left shoe is an old stock the right one is perfect condition. I could tell by the color of the shoe. The left shoe is a little yellowish color the right one is really white. They should have double check the item before shipping it.
B003VJWJ1U Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Light, comfortable all day, and a way cool looking tennis shoe. I couldn't find this shoe locally. I highly recommend this product.
B003VMD68C A good looking shoe and laces but that's about it. The shoe looks very nice, but the fit is very narrow and not true to size.  I ordered a wide instead of my normal regular, as that was what was on sale, and I was surprised to find the shoe was tight.  I figured the shoes would stretch after a few days  of wear being leather but instead I found the only thing wearing out was the sole at a rapid rate.  I do not believe these shoes are meant for outdoor wear. The shoe itself seems to be well stitched and the material apart from the shoe sole feels pretty good.  I really like the shoelaces which stay tied all day long.  So I am giving these one star because of the looks, an important factor in purchasing a shoe, and another for the laces and shoe material, but the poor fit and sole cost this shoe a full five.
B003VMD68C Not a boat shoe and not serviceable as one. The looks of this shoe are tempting. However, any purchaser should consider (like I should have) that even though the shoe has a white rubber sole, it's made of perforated leather an soaks water like a sponge - a quality no boat shoe should have. The quality of it's toe stitching leaves a lot to be desired (see other reviews). I expect more accurate advertising, far better design and implementation from a company like Timberland. Very dissatisfied.
B003VMWQUG Bad build, uncomfortale Back side of the shoe is too high, hurts the back side of the anckle.Looks good but not a wearable shoe due to this reason
B003VMXRZE Want another pair!!! Timberland you should keep making this shoe. I would wear this shoe everywhere if it went with everything. Very comfortable, and not bad looking. Have not gotten to try in rain, but I guess I am worried it might get dirty.
B003VMXSJ4 Fantastic shoe The shoe is amazing. very comfortable, water proof, and i have worn it over a year now and the shoe still looks like the day I bought it.  I will definitely buy another pair.
B003VMXSJ4 Great casual shoe I originally purchased these for a planned hiking trip (which I unfortunately had to cancel) but am using them off and on for work and casual wear. Fit is accurate and is very comfortable. I was worried about a break-in period but after a day of wearing them they feel broken in. The low-rise is good for mobility and comfort. All in all a great walking shoe that I'm sure works great on the trail.
B003VMXSJ4 Solid Beginners Hiking Shoe This is a solid beginners hiking shoe that has good value.  It has a removable inner sole that allows for inspection.  I would not buy a shoe with glued-in inner sole.  The shoe is board lasted allowing for improved stability over unstable terrain.  I would have liked higher ankle support.  Be aware that the shoe tends to run smaller and more narrow...order a 1/2 size larger than you normally order.
B003VR031U Love the shoe but I love this shoe, it's so comfortable but the straps around the foot are a little too wide for a medium size foot.  I had to sew the elastic together so it would be a little more secure. Otherwise, a great, adorable shoe.  Well made and so Timberland.
B003VR2A2K Great shoe for an "On Your Feet" life I give this shoe an 8 of 10.  I bought these sandals as a summer vacation shoe.  As a tall woman I wear a size 11C shoe and tend to buy a wide for comfort and flight swelling.  I'm also a teacher and have to spend a lot of time on sensitive feet.  The smooth leather insole was very comfortable and did not allow "slippage" after warm weather wear.  The foot straps were spot on for size and the elastic insets allow for a comfortable stride.  The shoes are very comfortable except that the ankle straps are fairly tight.  I stretched three of them fairly quickly, but one ankle strap is still tight.  Since I ordered a wide shoe, I would expect a longer strap with more hole options for the buckle.  If the ankle straps were longer, I would give this shoe a full 10.
B003VR3S94 good summer sandal i really like the timberland brand.  i felt very comfortable ordering this shoe...it looks nice on my foot and i know it will wear well.  my only complaint is the strap hits so high on my foot that at times it is uncomfortable...this may be more the fault of the way my foot is made and not the shoe...however be aware that the strap is pretty far up on the shoe.
B003WSXNWY Caual Shoe looks great with jeans.  Only knock I have is it is a little stiff so wouldn't be good for an all day walk around.
B003XHH0W8 Most comfortable shoe/boot that I've ever worn!!!! Amazon delivered in a timely manner as always at an excellent price.The most comfortable footbed and upper that you will ever wear.The leather feels as soft as glove leather on your feet, once the initial break-in of the upper. The footbed immediately gives you instant comfort. I have been plaqued by achilles heel problems for the last year, and found these to be the only shoes that I can wear without any discomfort. My only wish is the elastic sides were more elastic or had a zipper, as they are very difficult to slip the foot into. If it hadn't been for this, I would have given the it 6 stars. Timberline shoe/boot designers, if you are listening. Please incorporate this shoe footbed design into more of your products. My feet would appreciate!
B003XU73HC Nice comfy shoe This is a great all around shoe. I wish there was a bit more of a durable feel to them. I have yet to hike in the woods with them. Hopefully they prove to hold up to punishment like I expect Timberlands to do.
B003YC48QS Great shoe This is the onl type of shoe that my husband is able to wear.  Has to be open to allow some air to come in.  These have a good sole and seem to work great for him.
B003YC48QS Timberland They are the best, I always buy Timberlands. I have bad feet (metatarsalgia;mortons neuroma. Timberlands are the only shoes I can wear for a long time besides a certain diabetic shoe and they are not that great to look at. This shoe is nice as it keeps my feet cooler than in a regular shoe and I need that.
B004089TM8 Boat shoe kids For the price these are WELL worth the money! I am told they are VERY comfortable, true to size and width, and light weight. Good value for a boat shoe, even if it is for everyday wear.
B004089WZ2 Great Shoe! It is a great shoe for toddlers. Heavy duty, still look new after few month of everyday wear. Great color. Run half size bigger I would say.
B00408A14S Nice shoe, runs large Very nice quality shoe.  Our 2.5 year old normally wears a size 8-8.5, but we ended up ordering this shoe in a 7.
B0043QGPKQ Better than expected This is a great shoe. I purchased it with a bit of trepidation because I thought it would be too heavy.  I work on my feet between 8 and 16 hours per day and during this time I am walking up to 3 miles, so I need something lightweight. The weight of the shoe is just right. Light enough for the constant walking and, at the same time, sturdy enough to make my feet feel secure. Being a slip-on offers a great convenience too.  It is also a very good looking shoe.  I would recommend it.
B0043QGPKQ Great shoe Most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. I wear them all the time. Timberland, so you know they hold up.
B0043QGPKQ Narrow Shoe But Otherwise Very Good This is a casual dress shoe that would do well in most work environments whether worn with dress pants or jeans.  The reason I bought these shoes is because they have a nice slip on design due to stretchy gore panels on the side.  I want a work shoe that looks professional but also comfortable.  Previously I was wearing a Skechers shoe that looks very similar to this Timberland design.  One big difference between the shoes is that the stitching of the Skechers would quickly start to fray or unravel whereas with Timberland's I didn't notice any stitching problems after three months of solid wear.  I did have a very small strip of rubber near the big toe area fall off on the outer edge but it is hardly noticeable once the shoe is on the foot.The shoe is pretty comfortable although not as comfortable as the Skechers since the Skechers had some sort of gel or extra comfortable sole.  For me, the reason I had to deduct a start is that these shoes run a tad narrow.  Despite them being narrow, my foot was still comfortable but eventually the smallest toe on each of my feet started to hurt at the joint on the widest part of my foot.  Initially I didn't know what the source of the pain was as I never had a shoe do this to me before and the pain didn't start until about two months of wearing the shoe.  But that continual pressure on the little toe joint eventually took its toll.  I think my feet have stretched the shoe out now that the problem has reduced but for now I've stopped wearing them so my toes can recover.  It's been a week now and my toes feel better but they are not 100%.  For reference, the widest part of my foot is about 4 inches.All in all, this is a great comfortable shoe built with quality but it runs on the narrow side I believe unless another part of the shoe design is responsible for my little toe pain.
B0043QGPKQ comfortable  shoe this is a comfortable slip on style walking shoe.  It has independent inserts in the inside that are removable for cleaning (or replacing).  the shoe has a hammered  finish (i.e. the testure of hammered metal, sort of a slight dimpling)  They are oiled finish and can be polished.
B0045P2WUW Looks good but HURTS! These shoes look nice and have a great texture.  My problem is the tongue of the shoe.  It  scrapes into my foot!.  One day of wear left my foot bleeding. And now its sore.  I tried to fold the tip over (very difficult) but hat only cause pressure and pain on the same side of my foot.  I would like to return these, but I already wore them once.  The shoe is a great idea, but someone at quality control didn't wear this long enough.
B004EHXZ1Q Awesome school shoe I love these boat style shoes. They really are a good quality shoe. They run a bit small so go a 1/2 size up. Timberland no longer sells them so I think Im going to stock up. My son is in love with these he says they are so comfy.
B004EHXZ1Q Preppy and I love it I wanted my son to have a shoe that he could wear to church, without worrying about uncomfortable shoes.  they look great and he doesnt complain about the shoe being uncomfortable, either.
B004EHXZ1Q j my order  was1 of: Timberland Peaks Island 2-Eye Boat Shoe (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Navy ,10 M US Toddler and  you send me wron  boat shoe  boat shoe Color was  Navy but you send me not navy
B004EHXZ1Q Great school shoe! It looks so nice with his school uniform!  Sturdy as well.  He'll get a lot of wear out of these.
B004EHXZ1Q Navy Boat Shoe for Little Kid I was a little disappointed with the quality of the shoe upon arrival.  The white base around the shoe protruded much further than the actual shoe, so it reminded me of a knock-off.  Maybe I just received defective shoes...anyway, I didn't feel like going through the return process; plus he's 4 so he could care less; therefore I didn't return them and he wears them from time to time!
B004FHCKDE Too hard to break in and tight Not sure what it is about this shoe, but it fits quite tight (too narrow maybe) and at the same time, it is larger than true size.  The workmanship is also poor, I had stitches coming apart at the top edge of the tongue upon arrival of the shoe.  Timberland can do better than this!  Made in china as well.
B004J2HSLY great shoe Very comfy. I have a very hard time finding shoes. These are perfect. Nice and wide and they stay on like a lace shoe.
B004J2HSLY These are my favorite casual shoes I was looking for a leather shoe I could wear with jeans and/or khaki-type slacks and found these online. I purchased a pair in brown and liked them so much I ordered a pair in black, too. Initially, mine fit a little tight for the size, but they did loosen some after wearing them awhile. I like their clean, simple look -- the lugs aren't heavy or prominent on the sole. As a casual-wear shoe, I also like that they are waterproof -- and the heel-pull loop is a nice feature though I find the back is stiff enough that you can slip your foot in without it "folding" into the shoe. I was in Europe for two weeks during a cool season and these were the only shoes I wore. Men usually don't comment on footwear, but I have had a couple ask where I purchased these.
B004J2HSLY Great All Weather Shoe This shoe is good looking and very comfortable. The thing that I like about this shoe is the fact it is waterproof and when walking our dogs I need only one pair of shoes, no matter what the weather is.
B004J2HSLY Comfortable Durable Shoe I am impressed with the material and workmanship of this shoe. It is a very  and durable shoe in my opinion.
B004J2HSLY great shoe they fit well, are comfortable, easy to slip on ,water proof,easy to clean, I just love them. I recommend u get two pair. It`s a great shoe it woiuld better if it were made in the USA
B004JZPRWS great comfortable dressy casual shoe This is a great shoe and I look forward to many good years wearing it.  I like Timberland shoes and this one does not dissappoint
B004JZPRWS Great Shoe Have this shoe in black and brown. Wear them out on casual occasions and to work on Fridays. Couldn't be more please with this shoe.
B004JZPRWS Comfortable Good quality material, very comfortable. A great work shoe for all seasons. It was the first shoe I've bought sight unseen but it turned out to be well worth the money
B004JZPRWS great Super nice looking casual shoe, very comfortable and easy to keep clean.I will purchase the brand again when needed.  Timerlands are great!
B004JZPRWS Very Nice Shoe Perhaps a Little On the Bigger Size I found this to be a nice looking shoe that can double as a weekend casual or for work. I haven't worn them enough to comment on total comfort but initial wearing was very comfortable. It is a heavier shoe compared to Rockport but not as heavy as some Deer Stags I own.  I am between  sizes. I am just slightly bigger than an 11 so I always order 11.5 or I will be disappointed. These seemed a little bigger than other 11.5 but I still wouldn't drop down a half size. .
B004JZPRWS Very Comfortable, look great This shoe is quite comfortable.  I wear them to work wear I am on my feet most of the day, so I need a comfortable shoe.  It's not so much that the soles are squishy like gel inserts, they are simply firm but forgiving with each step.  Also, they look fantastic with their brushed leather.  The match well with jeans or khaki's.
B004K26GMK Though a nice shoe, the way the laces are makes it bleh Though it's an easy shoe to put on, and does decent in cold weather as long as you have good socks and maybe long johns, the laces for me sort of suck since for a good snug fit it feels like you are choking your ankles and if you have to walk a bit it gets uncomfortable how it rubs up against you.
B004K6A758 Stylist and Comfortable I was shopping for a comfortable shoe/boot to wear with jeans.  I wanted something that was versatile to wear to work and weekends.  After reading the ratings of this shoe, I decided to purchase them and I am so pleased that I did.  They are oh so comfortable yet stylish.  I ordered the brown and plan on purchasing the black ones.
B004KIR2GS Where can I find more?  True to size.  Great walking shoe. Timberland is my go to store for hiking shoes.  I have many Timberland hiking shoes for when I go into the hills (gravel).  For walking around amusement parks, the park, and everywhere else (including the airport), I used this shoe.  I loved how I could easily slip it on and off.  Once on it was a good fit.  It was not loose so it never caused blisters.  My problem now is that I want a new pair!
B004KIR83K UNIQUE This shoe is very well made with the entire shoe being leather, including sole and lining.  Shoe is very comfortable and is true to size or a little oversized.  I normally wear a size 8 B and the size 8 that I purchased fits well.  The shoe has plenty of room in the toe area which I like.  This shoe does make your foot look long due to the pointiness of it.  The style is like a cowboy boot in that the pointiness adds length.  I might have been able to wear a 7.5 in these shoes if I didn't mind a little less room in the toe area.  In the Timberland hiking boots I have to order up to 8.5 or 9 to get enough toe room, but these shoes fit more like a dress boot.  There are no arch supports, but I prefer to add my own to all my shoes.  There is plenty of room to add additional support inside the shoe, since the laces provide adjustability. Color is a rich two tone brown and is very neutral. The inside of the shoe is completely lined in leather, so there is no irritation with the seam across the front where the leather and suade meet.  This shoe fits medium width foot perfectly. I recommend this shoe for someone looking for an out of the ordinary look!
B004LG9YR4 Great casual shoe This is the second pair I have ownedVery comfortable and a little more of a casual look than a boat shoe
B004LQL8M8 Quality shoe A very well made shoe, just a little too high and narrow of a wedge for me, and didn't look good on me.
B004MPRMIW Great Shoe for Preschool I have a hard time finding shoes that fit my toddler.  She has tiny feet and the shoes in her size are for babies, not toddlers.  This shoe is very well made and has lasted very well.  She wears them almost every day.  The price is worth it for the quality.  The only thing I don't like about it, is the back of the shoe doesn't seem deep enough.  My toddlers foot doesn't seem stay in it all the time.  I would still recommend it though!
B004MPRNAO Great shoe- too narrow LOVED this shoe! I'm sure it would've been the perfect shoe for my little boy except the shoe was too narrow and wouldn't go on his foot! :(  Loved the shoe! Looks like it was made to last!!!
B004OJK5GM Ok Shoe for the Money Shoe is ok for the money.  Not sure how long they will last as I have only worn for a few times in a couple of months.  As far as any issues being a new shoe only negative is they are thick and warm.  My old Timberland shoes were thinner and were great to wear in the summer.
B004P1A5YG Great travel shoe Great travel shoe and the color brightens up any holiday!  Comfortable and easy to pack.  Think others would find them the same.
B004PA6HYY Not a bad shoe I have been wearing Timberlands for 20 years. Always got a great fit and good wear.  The shoes I normally buy are out of productions so I thought I would try this model. The fit was a bit tight, but the biggest thing was the uppers. The material was not a thick and tend to flex too much for me.I dont say they are a bad shoe, just not the quality of the older ones.
B004Q01I4W Good shoe that fell apart 
B004RQ38B6 fantastic quality work wear It's probably not so much to do with the product as much as its got to do with various countries having various approaches to sizes.But all told the shoe seems, all be it early in its career, a great easy on the foot, sturdy with great griping power, great for hauling freight with, it gives great control.So to summarise, if your confidant with your shoe size, everything else, thus far as I've said it's early, is fantastic, I'd recommend this work shoe in a heart beat!
B004RQ38B6 Amador Don Had surgery on my foot, needed some protection for toes, shoe works as i expected. Very comfortable, fits true to size, can be worn all day, and they look good.
B004RQ38B6 Great Shoe This is a great shoe with a really comfortable fit.  Very light and good looking.  Excellent value for the money.
B004RQ38B6 Great Shoe for the enviroment Great Shoe for the enviroment. Fits as exspected and enjoy wearing them everyday. Iwould highly reccommend these shoes to any one.
B004RQ38B6 NIce quality shoe but a little big This shoe is built well and the insole feels extemely comfortable.  Only problem is it's too roomy compared to other shoes so I'll have to return it for another size.  Nice shoe but go with the Blundstone Executive shoe.  I ordered both and the Blundstone wins with style, comfort and fit.
B004RQ38B6 Great shoe, runs big I normally wear a 10.5 in most Nike or sport shoes.  In these I fit in a 9 with plenty of room.  Shoe looks very nice and has great grip on the bottom.  I would recommend this shoe!
B004RQ38B6 Quality shoe The shoe laces are too short to be convenient and I will replace with a longer pair .  Otherwise, I'm a happy buyer.
B004RQ38B6 Comfortable shoe Very stylish and comfortable. The shoes fit perfectly and they don't even look like a steel toed shoe. Very pleased! Highly recommend!
B004RQ38B6 Great looking work shoe! Good looking shoe. Great features, such as static elect ratings and most important, the anti-slip rating which is super important on rubber roofs wet with morning dew.
B004RQ38B6 great shoe Great and versatile shoe.  Wear it with jeans or dress pants.  Very comfortable and like other timberland products built to last.
B004RQ38B6 Doesn't Look as great in person Bought this shoe because I needed a dressier steel toe. The shoe was fine and I'm sure it will work for some people, however for me it looked very farty and did not fit well, fit large for an otherwise consistent 13 shoe.
B004RQ38B6 Is this a steel toe shoe ?? Wow!  Comfortable for all day wearing.  I highly recommend this shoe.  I have the wider shoe and fits great.  Buy it!
B004RQ38B6 Even Cinderella wouldn't dare loose this shoe. A Classy looking shoe...Check! Comfortable...Check! Name Brand...Check! Doubles as a workboot with steeltoe...check! Affordable price...Check! It's only been a month or two since I bought this pair and to date, it's exactly what I was looking for. Time only will tell how this shoe stands its test. Note: read the reviews before purchasing. Lots of buyers write indepth reviews as well and sometimes you can get valuable information on the product before buying it.
B004RQ3GAE Great work shoe My husband is a delivery driver and we have purchased this shoe 3 times. Great non slip grip work shoe.
B004TDWITU Love it My four year old ove sthis shoe. She picked this shoe out. they feel good and she loves them. I have not tried them out in the snow b/c we are in alabama..
B004WJ6TS2 The soles are hard shoe code slants big The soles are hard shoe code slants big some heavy, but looks very nice, especially the flanging is very good, for my husband, he is like
B004ZBHB2U shoe strings tooooo long they're okay but I will not buy again. didn't like the look when I got them. Not good  a good shoe.
B0052A7F2Y Work Shoes - timberland PRO Really good shoe.  Very comfortable and durable. This is a really good shoe if you have to be on your feet all day.  You can even add an extra insole if you need one.
B0052A7F2Y Great Shoe For Lower Arches!! I have a bit of a lower arch and this shoe provides complete comfort ALL DAY on hard floors.  I'm not typically a clog person, but these look pretty stylish and definitely do the job.  No foot pain!!  I normally wear an 8 1/2 but ordered a 7 1/2 and they fit great.  The back strap is very useable-not just for fashion.  With normal wear and tear, they seem to be made for long term use!  If you are on the fence, order them!
B0052A7F2Y Timberland PRO women's renovation caregiver gloss work shoe Runs a small would get a have size bigger. A great shoe other wise will buy another pair. Thank you
B0054HM0Z2 Nice shoe I needed a shoe that could go between manufacturing and the office comfortably and this works.  Although they still need some breaking in, these are comfortable and will work for what I need at a reasonable cost.
B0054HM0Z2 super work shoe It arrived on time and was just as expected. The fit is comfortable although giving an obvious indication that it was a steel tip safety shoe. I wish that part of the shoe was not that obvious.
B00552LUDO great shoe, but Nice shoe but it run larger, so you have to send it back and get a new one, otherwise not a bad shoe.
B0056QVSQ8 Great shoes I'm a nurse - got my first pair while in nursing school (white - school rules). Got another pair as soon as I could afford them.  They are very comfortable, non-slip and seem mostly waterproof. Love the black ones - embossed pattern over the whole shoe. Wish they did brown ones the same way instead of just at the top of the shoe.
B0056QVSQ8 great shoe Great work shoe/clog.  Spend a lot of time standing & walking on hard concrete/tile flooring.Comfortable, easy to clean, and professional looking with dress pants.  Rightfully APMA recommended.
B0056QVSQ8 Good work shoe except sweaty Perfect work shoe. I wish the shoe would breath a little better in the front. Little sweaty. Other than that stylish and comfy.
B0056QVSQ8 Hard to find Nice fit. High Quality, Long Lasting, Comfortable shoe for any one on their feet all day, but as you can see, it is not a cheap shoe.
B0056QW98E pro renova The shoe was larger than expected.  When I tried it on, my foot looked fat and cumbersome.  The shoe was very comfortable, but I did not find the shoe itself aesthetically pleasing to the eye.
B0056QW98E Still getting accustomed The fit is great, I'm still getting used to the tilt of the shoe.this is the first time I've tried this type of the trendy cloggy shoe. Not sure what all the fuss is about but glad these were more reasonably priced
B0056QW98E Way too big! I normally wear size 7.5, so that's what I bought.  After my feet finished sliding to the toe of the shoe, there was a 1-inch gap between my heel and the heel of the shoe.That said, if I could get the right size, the cushioning would have made for a very comfortable shoe.  I'll have to see if I can find a nearby shoe store that has these shoes, so I can try them on.
B0056QW98E beautiful shoe I love this shoe! This is my 2nd Timberland PRO shoe. I wanted to try a different style ! I usually wear white cotton socks to work, this was a little small-I wear it with support socks instead
B0056RMY2O sizing error I love the look of the shoe! This shoe was way too small-I was unable to even get my toes in the shoe. I bought the same size in Renova clog @ the same time -fits perfectly.
B0056ROT7M Not quite right I wear these shoes but they aren't very comfortable because the distance from the heel to the ball of the foot is longer than any shoe I have ever worn and longer than my foot. I thought this would break in but it hasn't. Would not recommend.
B0058RFQTK Timberland Shoes These shoes are very comfortable, durable, great for walking and they can be worn as a sport shoe or casual dress.  I've received a lot of compliments on them and have been asked where I made the purchase.  I've never been disappointed with any Timberland shoe or boot.
B0058RFQTK Disappointed I love the look of these shoes, and thought they'd be perfect for a vacation that would require a lot of urban walking,  but they're surprisingly uncomfortable. The back of the shoe scrapes the foot. They are so bad that the bandaids I have on to counter the scrapes are shredded by the end of the day. I'm not sure if it was the pair that I received, but the left shoe is slightly bigger than the right (I had a friend with the same shoe size test it out and she agrees). Disappointed...
B0058RFRGW fantastic hiking or walking shoe I brought these to Patagonia.  Light to pack, waterproof, looked great too. Perfect shoe for active travel.  Held the trail well,no slipping.  Lots of fellow travelers asked where I got them.
B0058SHRNC Well done, Timberland!! I love these shoes!! They look great with both khakis and jeans.I was a little worried about the soles because they look rather thin, but when they arrived and I tried them on, I was very happy I bought them. The durable insole well makes up for any perceived lack of sole as they are very comfortable. The integrated "tongue"  sets these shoes apart from others in both looks and comfort.I especially like the fact they lowered the back of the boot at the heel...somewhat like a shoe. It makes them less stiff and can move around in them better.They have fast become my favorite and I am hoping Timberland comes up with something similar in a lower-style shoe for summer.****UPDATE****I came to give an update on these boots, BUT... it looks like they replaced them with this completely different looking hiking shoe, so this whole review is pointless now.  :p
B0058SJKA0 Your favorite shoe These are the most comfortable casual shoes.  An all around shoe with any casual environment. Much like your favorite boating shoe, only not appropriate nor safe as a substitute for boating shoes. Very preppy in design.
B00590N6FC perfect fit This shoe looks great and feels very comfortable.I really like the braided front,a really classy look.Dress up or dress down and the shoe will look look.
B00590WNQU great shoe! I have a pair of Timbelands that are very comfortable and they can be worn daily.  This shoe is equally as comfortable but this shoe runs one size smaller than indicated resulting in my gifting the shoes to a friend.
B005A5YQ2S Retro Hikers!! Great looking shoe! Fit and comfort are both top notch. Would recommend them to anyone. Price as also very reasonable.
B005A5ZAQY Best shoe I've had in a long time!! Just as I expected timberland ROCKS!! Great service love the color!! I get a lot of compliments on the shoe!!
B005A8M1S6 Very nice, supportive, non-traditional boat shoe Remarkably light weight and very comfortable while providing good support for a boat shoe.  I liked the blue one I ordered so much I ordered a second one in brown.But, not really a traditional style boat shoe if that's what you want.  Personally, I like it better than the traditional two eyelet deck shoe as it stays on and stay tied better.
B005AD2V3Q Never again I order this shoe to go on a trip. The shoe arrives with spots and blemish marks over it. It fits great. Amazon cuts service rep very cold and lacked cust serv skills. Was advised return it back or keep. Wanted to issue credit for 10.00. Asked why would shoe have a inspector number in it , that means the person saw it was dirty and mailed it out. Could not replace didn't have my size. Tried calling timberland to see if there was a cleaner for the shoe, amazon could not get through. I used amazon because it suppose to be the best, next time will go to nor dooms. Where the service is always A++++
B005APTZ4W shoe man This shoe is to narrow and small. Has a great look poor feel. If it fits buy it. I like the look and price but need better fit.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe Great shoe.  I wear it around the office.  Comfortable and stylish. Can't go wrong with these. Also, they're good for the environment, so that's nice.
B005BWB2QI Nice quality, but... The reviews saying order slightly smaller than normal size were right on, but the instep of the shoe did not work on my foot. I can't knock the shoe for this issue, but I had to return them and go for the good old classic boat shoe.
B005BWB2QI too early, but a good shoe Quality built shoe with nice sizing, especially as a slip on.  I will probably have these for 4-5 years.  I rotate between 3 pairs of casuals at any one time.  The verdict is out of reach for the time being.  I will stay loyal if these pan out like my Timberland hiking boots did.
B005BWB2QI Good shoe for a variety of occasions Great shoe, multi-purpose and goes well with casual or dress-casual, recommended for times when one just can't decide what to wear
B005BWB2QI very comfortable and great quality!!! Quick service, great shoe!!!! I would purchase again, comfortable,quality made shoe!!!! I will recommend to my friends and family!!! Thanks!!!!
B005BWB2QI Great shoe, runs big This is a really stylin shoe. My husband enjoyed very much and the price was right. They are comfortable, but be wary they do run large. We had to return the 15 to get the 14, which we usually don't have to do.
B005BWB2QI This shoe is a great fit. First I ordered a size 11 and it was too large.  The size 10 fits just right.  Good shoe at a good price
B005BWB2QI Hardly used Great shoe, great price. Was the last one available and was used. Was barely noticeable. Like they had been tried on once or twice.  Size was good and came on date as expected
B005BWB2QI 9w is too large for me. 9w is too large for me.But another shoe 'Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot,Brown,9 W ' is somewhat large.Different Timberland shoe has different size.
B005BWB2QI Great and comfortable shoe!! Fits perfectly!! ( I have a wide foot) Didnt need any breaking in. Does not slip on slippery syfaces!! Will definately buy again!!
B005BWB2QI Okay Shoe I had to wear with bigger socks cause fit was a half size too big. After I have had for couple months the sole of the shoe turned white. Not sure what happened with them. Only wore a few times.
B005BWB2QI Nice design, classic shoe Very happy with the purchase. Wanted an alla round summer shoe for casual. This style sounded and looked good and it was a great choice for me.
B005BWB2QI Good quality shoe This is a good quality shoe that fits well.  This is my third pair because I wear them every day and am hard on shoes.  When these wear out, I will purchase again.
B005BWB2QI great shoe so far I have worn Timberland shoes for the past few years. When my local store stopped selling the Kia Wah Bay #70521 I found the Eartkeepers. First of all they had my size 12W. They are also very comfortable and broke in very easily. Of course, the best gauge of a good shoe is durability which seems to be good so far at 2 months of wearing them everyday.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe,Taupe/Taupe The Bay Boat shoe was just what I was looking for. The color is perfect and the shoe is comfortable and fits like a glove.
B005BWB2QI Good but not best Purchased the EkKiawahby Brown Leather version size 9.5. I am wearing casual shoes size: 43 (european brands), 9 or 91/2 (US brands-Clarks, Rockport).Shoe looks fine, very nice color. However, my copy has same imperfections in upper leather only for right shoe (dark color spots).Sole is surprisingly soft. Overall neatly sewnSize, in length, is just perfect. However, the shoe is consistently wide across the full length. Therefore you have an impression that  a foot fall out the shoe. If no this designer's lapses the shoes would have fitted perfectly.In compare with recently purchased Sebago Grinder Boat shoe the last one (Sebago) is made more accurately and with more quality. Only 4 stars
B005BWB2QI Review This is a very good shoe, sizing was great! The shoe is conferrable and fashionable, this is coming from a college student, I will be buying one more pair in a different color because i love it so much. Every dollar is worth it! compared to other that run from $100+
B005BWB2QI Great quality boat Shoe Loved the shoes at first sight. Will see about  how they hold up over time.They look good and are comfortable. A well made shoe by a company that is looking out for the environment using a green approach.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe THIS SHOE FITS WELL, QUALITY IS GOOD AND IT LOOKS GOOD TOO. I WOULD PURCHASE IT AGAIN IN A DIFFERENT COLOR.
B005BWB2QI not used to this type of fit I like the shoe and the fit is wonderful just wish they would came in a narrower size, just saying
B005BWB2QI Nice Shoe- be careful in ordering size. The shoe is nice; however, the comments indicating that the sizes run large are not correct. They run to actual size.
B005BWB2QI Earthkeepers ok This is a very comfortable shoe and the fit is as expected. Not to wide or not to narrow. Although other brands might have to go wider . I would recommend this shoe to any one that would be thinking of a purchase and the price is right on the spot. I checked different stores and this shoe was a lot cheaper on Amazon.John C. Nesom
B005BWB2QI Great shoe Awesome shoe a little big but to be expected with ordering online otherwise feel and look great awesome casual work shoe
B005BWB2QI Good quality shoe I give it 4 stars because the sizing is large compared to other brands. For example I wear size 11 sneakers, 10.5 in other boat shoes, but in these I have to return the 10.5 for a 10. I also returned these for the Taupe which is darker than the Taupe/Taupe.The quality of materials this shoe is made out of is very nice. I feel there would be a very short break-in period.
B005BWB2QI Such a gentlemanly shoe, but too large I'll get to the 2 main points. Like me, you likely came upon this shoe desiring a classic boat shoe made of quality materials. Well, this is just that! Excellent quality from a tried and tested brand. Rich leather, solid stitching, classic &#34;Martha's Vineyard&#34; boat shoe looks, and a great footbed that is (thankfully) dark brown on the sole, meaning it actually hides the dirt, compared to other boat shoes whose white bottoms look permanantly filthy after one wear.The other point is the size. Sooooooo many people reviewing this shoe say it's made too large, and to go down at least a half a size. I didn't listen, got my regular size 11, and it was too big. Duh! So after exchanging for a 10.5, that was the perfect size.So, honestly, make this boat shoe your choice as it's really comfortable and debonair looking, but do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews and get a half size smaller!! You won't be dissapointed in your decision.
B005BWB2QI shoes Kind of big and clunky for a boat shoe. should be a little lighter in weight. the toe of the shoe should be trimed down in height.
B005BWB2QI Ecellent casua shoe Shoe fits perfectly.  Well built shoe, no flaws.  I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a casual yet classy look.
B005BWB2QI Well made and good looking This is a sturdy and attractive shoe more suited for casual walking and leisure wear than boating.  It is lined so that bare foot wearing is comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe This is a pair of great shoes, wearing a very dry, very soft, very appropriate, I really like it.  nice&#65281;
B005BWB2QI Great Deal and Wonderful Shoe Great Deal and Wonderful Shoe. IT shipped fast and I actually bought a second pair after seeing this one that I still have in the box.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe First time I buy a pair of sailor shoes. Not sure if they will eat the back of my heels - time will tell. I did by a size 8.5 as well but that was very large and was returned. Quality of the shoe looks good.
B005BWB2QI Good looking shoe Good looking shoe, hits the back of the ankle a little uncomfortably.You may want to consider a size bigger.
B005BWB2QI great fitting shoe I rate the shoe 5 stars out of 5, shoe is comfortable and fits perfect. Nice color and easy to walk in
B005BWB2QI Disappointed!!! I have been wearing this same shoe for years and could always depend on it fitting exactly like a former pair.  My newest pair was ordered in the same size that I always buy and ity is at least a size larger.  Also, the horizontal seam that runs horizontally along the sides of the shoe used to be there to sew two pieces of leather together.  Now there is only one piece of leather and the seam is just for decoration  -  obviously a way to manufacture the shoe cheaper.  I guess I will keep them and just wear a very thick sock, but I am quite disappointed in the shoe.  I will not be ordering another pair.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe This is a very comfortable shoe. I take a size 15 and it is difficult to find a nice shoe in my size. The only problem is these shoes do run a little big.
B005BWB2QI Learned from other reviews Great quality boat shoe, always are from Timberland. Ordered a 1/2 size smaller due to other reviews saying the shoe came a little large. They fit perfectly. They came packaged well and with fast shipping. you cant beat the price from this seller on these shoes. Thank you for the great deal on these quality made shoe. would recommend this seller to anyone.
B005BWB2QI Great casual shoe Very comfortable shoes and seem to be made well.  They do run large though and I had to go down a whole size from a 10 to a 9.
B005BWB2QI good does A bit flat in the sole, but they might require more wear. Over all, a very comfortable work shoe and I'm happy with them. I did need to cut down the laces.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe but not for me I generally wear a size 11D. This shoe was much larger (I ordered a size 11D).  I think the length was ok but it was way too roomy side to side. I could easily step out of them.  They are a great looking shoe I have to admit.  However I am picky about boat shoe construction.  These do not have a one-piece moccasin construction ( like Sebago does).  It has a full man-made insole. I prefer 3/4 leather insole. The laces were not a 360 degree configuration. I returned these for those reasons and purchased Sebago instead. Like I said though, these are great looking shoes if those other things don't matter. The sole seemed fairly thick also.
B005BWB2QI Very Satisfied! This shoe goes so many places and looks good.  It's tough and durable which allows me to wear the boat shoes wherever I go.
B005BWB2QI Very good looking shoe. They are not true to size. My son was very disappointed they didn't fit. He really liked the shoe. He wasn't happy when he put them on.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe. These shoes were a great price, but unfortunately they were too big.  They were made of nice thick leather and were well made.  I hated having to send them back.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe Great shoe with good fit. Great for summer wear and on the boat.Often wear them to work too. Many options for these shoes.
B005BWB2QI Great fit and look I would recommend anyone looking for that casual yet comfortable look to stop here. I've had other shoes that never fit quite right. This shoe was like the glass slipper.
B005BWB2QI Good name but bad fit I chose this shoe because of Timberland's great name.  This shoe will do me good in the barber business but I didn't know it ran big.  I've sent back 2 pair already but I still want the shoe, so I'll keep ordering until I get the right size.
B005BWB2QI Great all-around and business casual shoe. They fit perfectly right out of the box with little to no break-in period. Quality construction, good materials, and environmentally-conscious design. A great shoe for work, going out, vacation/travel, and around the house.
B005BWB2QI Quality seems good, but very large and tall toe box I am a solid 9D, but his was a very large shoe. Not only the length but the width and depth of the shoe and in fact the height of the sole.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Earthkeeper Boat Shoe- Great Shoe Great shoe- This is my 6th pair of Timberland Boat Shoes-  Size is same as previous purchase and no problem fitting-  Comfortable walking shoe (even without socks) - Sole and heel looks like it will last longer than my previous Timberland Boat shoe and provide more of a cushion- I am hard on Soles and heels of all my shoe including leather dress shoes
B005BWB2QI Ship Ahoy! This is a great looking shoe (in Taupe) and very comfortable, yet as sturdy and as supportive as a dress shoe. The product is high quality leather with flawless stitching. Great look for business-casual in a shore community!
B005BWB2QI Good shoe, good materials, decent value I was getting tired of the diminishing quality of boat shoes over the years by Sperry, Dockside, and Sebago, and was further getting frustrated by their inflated prices! Less quality leathers, cheaper, slippery gum rubber soles were also bothering me. Also, they all seem to making sizes a half-size smaller than the actual foot size. So, after about 5 returns to Sebago and Sperry and Dockside, I gave up for the past year. But then I recently decided to give it another try and up popped Timberland in my renewed search. I liked the $70 price range, and when I opened the box, I was glad to see the worksmanship and materials used were all to my liking. The tongue is stiff enough leather that won't buckle under when sliding the shoe on like a loafer. (That's my biggest complaint about Sperry Topsiders: their quality control hit bottom when they replaced thicker leather uppers with thinner softer, leather which always requires a shoe horn or finger to straighten out the tongue while trying to quickly slip on your foot!  The whole point of a loafer should be the ease of "on" and "off"!!!!This shoe actually has more room than any other brand, but I'll make use of this by inserting a Dr. Scholl's foot pad for more comfort and long hours of walking or standing. I guess my only negative with this Timberland shoe is the ugly white cloth branding label that says Timberland; stuck right smack dab on the top of the tongue of the shoe - right were everyone can see. From the aesthetic point of view, it's a turn off. Otherwise I like the show!
B005BWB2QI Versatile shoe I love these shoes and can wear them with almost any outfit. I got the taupe and love the worn look of it. Would totally recommend the shoe to someone else. As for the sizing, I saw a lot of reviews about them running large. I'm usually a 9.5 or 10 so I got a 9.5. They are quite large for me but I like it. Plenty of room around my foot it feels like I'm wearing slippers. Unless you want it to be very snug I wouldn't go more than .5 to 1 size down.
B005BWB2QI Great dress shoe! I don't normally wear dress shoes but this one fits nice and feels comfortable on the feet. I actually would have rather the light taupe but it was out of stock.
B005BWB2QI solid timberland boat shoe you always know what to expect when buying timberland shoes, quality shoes that will easily last several years.  this is the 10th pair of nearly this identical shoe and it is well made and well priced
B005BWB2QI Somewhat small I like the style and quality of the shoe. I would recommend this shoe to anyone. I really need one size wider.
B005BWB2QI Sizing is correct. Shoes look great, very comfortable. My Heel to Toe is about 11" and since my feet are wide, I ordered the 12-2E size. It fits nicely , looks great and is very comfortable. Amazon shipped the item promptly and within 17 hours of ordering the shoe, I had it with me ! (I chose one day delivery). I recommend that you check Amazon size info to find out your correct shoe size. I know that few other reviewers have complained that the shoe was too big for them, I respectfully disagree.Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe
B005BWB2QI The perfect boat shoe! Nice fitting, great looking shoe! High quality that exceeded my expectations. Looks good with shorts, dockers and jeans. Very happy with them.
B005BWB2QI Quality shoe all around This is an EXCELLENT shoe, one that will last for years.  Timberland has long been known for their quality designs and construction, and this shoe is no exception.  It is a well fitting shoe, sized as expected and proportioned throughout correctly.  Starting front to rear, the toe areas are nicely shaped and fits comfortably, leaving enough room and natural contours to fit comfortably for long periods of time, either sitting or standing and walking. Next, the main center styling of the shoe is equally comfortable, again fitting properly, offering just enough room.  The tongue and tie areas are designed for easy entrance and a snug fit when tied.  Last, to the ankle and heel areas, again, fitting as it should and giving enough support on the sides and rear.  Too many shoes are either too low or high in these areas and tend to cause discomfort after time.  The heel is also well designed with enough height to give you a good and natural feel as you walk, not too low as with so many deck-type shoes today. Now to the construction itself, it's top quality and holds up very well built out of quality thick leather.  The hand stitching around the front perimeter and two-piece leather construction gives an ample yet sturdy feel to the shoe.  All-in-all, you can't go wrong with this shoe, the various colors and finishes make this shoe anything from the most casual to dress.  I will wear these every day and to church as well, fitting in in any occasion.There are other brands that are similar, I can think of one or two that equal this shoe, but I can think of more that don't.  For the prices on Amazon right now, you simply cannot beat this shoe.  I currently bought three to add to my collection.  I have a 'stash' of these stored back for the day, unfortunately, that these may be no longer available.You cannot go wrong with these, I honestly cannot think of one bad feature with these shoes, and with shoes, bad features tend to be too easy to find as you should well know.  Buy 'em while you can!!!
B005BWB2QI Great Boat shoe - this is the fourth pair that I have purchased Great looking shoes -- good quality shoe - very happy with purchase - would recommend them to all of my friends
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe Great shoe for the price, love timberland as a company and the it fits perfectly. Since this one fit so well I am looking at other shoes and colors now.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Boat Shoes I like them a lot.Their vary comfortable ,and they are a good locking shoe.they fit very well.Buy them for your correct size.not over or under.
B005BWB2QI A Boat like shoe This is a very nice shoe and I would buy it again....but not as a boat shoe. First of all it has a tongue, which makes it more difficult to slip into. It has a very nice padding, especially on the tongue, which means it takes longer for the shoe to dry when it gets wet..and if you use them for a boat or deck shoe they will get wet.
B005BWB2QI Could have been a very good shoe. I had high hopes for this shoe, looks great, high quality leather.  Unfortunately extremely uncomfortable. Sides of shoe that meet at the top side are not smooth and scratch the soft outsides of both feet.  Tolerable only if socks are worn.  Sent them back, found a pair of Sperry Lightweight Top Siders that I love!
B005BWB2QI Cost-effective shoe I bought this shoe from China and find it quite worthy.After I cut the shoelace to make it shorter, I find it looks fabulous from the frontside. Any way I feel good
B005BWB2QI great shoe after reading the comments from other buyers i ordered 1/2 size smaller and got a great fit. these are a very nice shoe very well made and a super price. it really pays to read the comments on products it save me alot of problems and no need for returns.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes I downloaded and printed a foot measuring template to find proper width and length.I found ordering the proper width is very important!I would recommend if you suspect that you have wider feet to find your width either at a shoe store or by downloading a template to know your measurements.The shoe seems a little long ,but not crushing my toes. The color is accurate.The laces are made of leather and come untied so I am replacing them as soon as i find something I like made from another material.Been using them for a few months now.All in All this is a great shoe!
B005BWB2QI THEY FIT THE SHOE FITS VERY WELL. OTHER REVIEWS SAID TO BE CAREFUL  ABOUT THE SIZING AND FIT. I SLIPPED RIGHT IN THEM AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND SEEMS WELL MADE AND STITCHED TOGETHER PERFECTLY. RECOMMEND.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe Very well made, very accurate size description.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe I don't understand the previous reviews.  This shoe is true to size.  I bought the brown/brown. The leather is beautiful, and the craftsmanship is superb.  They feel really solid, and very comfortable out of the box.  I highly recommend it.
B005BWB2QI A great shoe. A great shoe. I went looking for these after having a pair for a few years that needed replacement after much use.  Well made.
B005BWB2QI Good buy, run a little large but not extremely.  Timberlands typically are generously sized in my experience. Mainly reviewing for fit.  I usually wear either a 10 1/2 Wide or an 11 Medium width, depending on the brand.  Because of other reviews here, I ordered 10 1/2 Medium in this shoe and the fit seems perfect.They are a good looking shoe and seem well made.  I would have given 5 stars IF they were fully lined lIke classic Timberlands and had the large &#34;roll&#34; in the rear.For the money, they seem an excellent buy in a boat/moccasin type shoe.
B005BWB2QI Almost the best shoe ever... This is a great shoe (although the Taupe color is too dark, maybe it will lighten up w/ time??).BUT...  though the length is about right (MAYBE just a bit too long?? MAYBE???)...the width is more like an E or the next one up!!  I hope it doesn't loosen up.
B005BWB2QI Great shoe, great fit and great price! I wear size 13 wide. These shoes fir just a touch big in the width. This to me is a blessing because they will fit over socks in winter. The shoe is an excellent boat show. Great quality and most important not much heel cushion. A boat shoe should be hard bottomed. If you want cushioning buy a casual shoe. The soles are flexible and light. The leather is soft. The laces could be softer but I think they will break in. All in all a great shoe. I purchased 3 pairs in different colors. The Taupe colored leather is so nice I bought a 2nd pair to store away for another day. The Amazon price is $35+ cheaper than most other sites.
B005BWB2QI comfortable shoe Looks great, The shoe wears well, small spot ton tongue, will expect the shoe to show off its stains as it ages.  I am having a small issue with the leather laces staying tied.
B005BWB2QI A little disappointed shoes The actual size of the shoe sizes larger than about one yard. Uncomfortable when worn.Another shoe laces very docile, not easy to use.
B005ERZ6MQ Very good shoe Have owned this for 4 months.Pros-Comfortable-Breathable-Quality leather-Good looking-Best for causal outingsCons- Shoe laces come off easily, even with a double knot
B005ERZ6MQ If the shoe fits I like the fit of the shoes and how they feel on my feet Timberland is a very good brand name shoe and these does not disappoint.
B005ERZ6MQ Right Idea Poor Execution timberland needs to stop listening to whoever it is they are listening to when it comes to shoes for men...they have the right idea with this shoe but they failed in several areas. 1, the sole is to thin and provides little or no protection if U are walking on an uneven surface. 2, the top of the shoe is to flat, causes undue pressure and discomfort the top of Ur foot. 3. they need to make up their mind if this is an all season shoe, a summer shoe, or winter shoe...
B005ERZ6MQ Comfortable shoe The shoe is very comfortable.  It fits better than many more expensive shoes I've had.  The only negative is that the bottom (sole) is a little thin.  That seems to reduce some of the support.  Otherwise, the fit is good.
B005ERZ6MQ Great crossover shoe - not too casual Very comfortable, sturdy shoe. Short break-in period. Because the leather is somewhat stiffer than many casual shoes, this shoe really held its shape for me, unlike other casual shoes I've had that feel broken in from the start. I've worn them a lot for over two years and am about to buy two pairs in different colors. My old ones still look pretty good, but the soles are finally starting to wear through. Not an athletic shoe, yet you could feel confident running to catch a train or down stairs. Very versatile with jeans or dressier clothes. I wouldn't wear them with a suit, but just about anything else.
B005ERZ6MQ Incredibly comfortable Shoe These are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.They are not the most aesthetically pleasing and I don't know that I would wear them to work outside of a very business casual dress code.
B005ERZ6MQ Not exactly comfortable. These shoes are probably the most uncomfortable I've had in quite a while. I looked inside the shoe to see what was causing the discomfort. I discovered that the padding that covers the shoe lace area is very thin and that's exactly where it hurts my feet. The shoes do look good, but not going to wear them if they hurt.
B005ERZ6MQ A nice shoe. It's a very good shoe. It's confortable, strong and can be used in many places.Good to work with and go to parys.
B005ERZ6MQ Well built shoe! Nice styling, well built and fits as expected for a 11W. They are a little on the heavy side for a casual shoe but that is expected with the apparent durability that they should provide.
B005ERZ6MQ Great Shoe My husband wears a 13 wide and it is so hard to find shoes that fit.... Hopefully Timberland will continue to make this shoe, they have made great shoes in the past and then discontinue them!
B005ERZ6MQ Fabulous This is a great, neat shoe, not what you would expect from Timberland. Fits perfect and very comfortable. My only down is that on Site Information says leather....but shoe says leather and man-made material. Hope it lasts.
B005ERZ6MQ Great! I'm wearing them now.  They are comfortable and very well made.  What I didn't count on was how light they are, they have the weight of a nice sneaker, not a leather shoe.
B005FHWT5C SturdySandal for activate boy Choose this shoe for price, style and construction. Nice fit, with adjustable cord, sturdy rubber sole and breathable openings in the top of the shoe. (He loves this shoe, waiting for the warmer weather so he can wear it)
B005FI1VE6 timberland mad river shoe I was looking for a sturdy "sandle-sneaker" type shoe for my 3 year old so she could run & play in the summer heat & still have good support for her feet....these shoes definately fit the bill....Bonus- she can put them on herself & they are cute!  I liked this shoe so much that I recently purchased the closed toe version in pink!
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe Great Price!!! Great price for type of name brand shoe. Timberland is normally a very expensive brand of shoes, but I found this shoe to be very affordable.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe! Great shoe my son just love them and the price was so much cheaper that everywhere else! Great buy and when I'm shopping for shoes again this will be the first place I look!
B005FI1VE6 Love it !! I purchased this shoe in pink  in a size 5. I also purchased the same shoe in brown at a size 7. These are surdy, practical and a great shoe for little ones feet.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe. These shoes lasted a year full of river tubing, creek crossing, and 6 yr old adventures. Great shoe for an active kid.
B005FI1VE6 Great fit, comfortable shoe I bought these shoes for my son who is always outdoors, playing, running etc. They fit him great so I bought the same shoe but 2 sizes bigger for the near future. At the moment he can only wear his shoes +/- 9 months before he outgrows them and they are totally worn out! Verry happy with them!
B005FI1VE6 easy toddler shoe Easy-on shoe that makes getting out the door with my 14-month-old a breeze. Easy to clean and durable. The sole is super stiff, though, so I wouldn't recommend as the main shoe for an early walker.
B005FI1VE6 to small My son has wide feet, so the velcro showed when I made them wider at the toes and I don't like all the Velcro showing. Had the same shoe last year and the Velcro didn't go so far down the side of the shoe. The length is fine.
B005FI1VE6 Perfect summer shoe I have looked for some time for an easy on/easy off shoe that will not get stinky in the summer heat. This shoe is awesome. It has both microban and velcro- and seems very, very sturdy and comfortable. And it isnt bad looking! My daughter wears these with all her dresses. Very pleased.
B005FI1VE6 best shoe ever I ordered this shoe for my grandson and it fits perfectly.  I did follow another reviewers suggestion that these run little small and ordered accordingly.  My grandson refuses to wear any other shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Good water shoe great price Great fit, well made and you can't beat the price. Timberland is well known for the quality shoe and they did not disappoint.
B005FI1VE6 These are great Durable sandle, they are pretty big, my son is like 8-8.5 so i got a size 9 to be on the safe side, he has a larger left foot so the left shoe fits almost perfectly and the right is fairly longer, but that has nothing to do with the shoe, just his feet. Its still early for spring/summer, so that's also why I got the bigger size so I'm excited for him to have a comfortable fitting sandles for the summer!
B005FI1VE6 Runs very small This shoe runs very small. I bought another shoe for the baby in the same size and it fit appropriately. This shoe seemed at least one size smaller than labeled. Other than that, it's a cute shoe and seems very sturdy.
B005FI1VE6 Good shoe but not for a child with wide feet Loved the shoe but it only comes in a med width. Although you can adjust the width on the Velcro it does not fit well if your child has wider feet. It was a bummer as we loved the shoe overall.
B005FI1VE6 Ok Shoe, not worth the money Not impressed with this shoe. Not worth the money in my opinion. The straps don't curve to fit the shoe. They almost look like orthopedic shoes. Maybe it's just me but I was expecting more for the price.
B005FI1VE6 Fit is great We have a grandchild that has difficulty fitting shoes, but with this shoe it completely opens to set his foot in it. Then when it is secured with the velcro fasteners, it does not move on his foot. This is a great shoe.
B005FI1VE6 Great Toddler Shoe I loved this shoe! Wish I would have gotten a 10 1/2 to last till next year:)
B005FM5Q3O Nice looking shoe! Nice shoe!  Fits good and my two year old loves it!  His toes have wiggle room without the shoe being too loose.
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe for my 2 yr old! Love this shoe.  It looks good, very durable, not too confined for the summer.  Absolutely love all the velcro straps...helps immensely getting shoes on my son (who has wide feet). Bought a pair last summer...got the next size up for this summer.  Would highly recomend!
B005FM5Q3O good shoe Good shoe; my son enjoys it. He likes to show it off to his friends. the material is strong, hopefully the shoe will last long.
B005FM5Q3O high quality very good shoe. our 11 month old baby boy loves it.fits as expected.looks like a good, high quality shoe.
B005FM5Q3O Bad bleeding blisters on both feet big toes Shoes fit well and seem cool.  BUT - there are two major flaws with the shoe and I can't believe that there are not bigger issue raised online about it:1.  blisters - my boy's both big toes on the right side outside are badly blistered and bleeding.  I touched the inner part of the shoe and both sides have hard stiching that is causing my boy to bleed.  It is really really bad.  I have NEVER encountered something this bad before.2.  little feet get super wet in the shoe - sweaty and wet.Don't buy this shoe.  They really need to fix it before they continue to sell it.
B005FM5Q3O Nice summer shoe This was a great little pair of summer footwear for my new walker. My son wore them both with socks and without, depending on how long he would be in them and where we were walking. I saw some rubbed skin a few times, but never a full blown blister. When worn without socks, his feet and the shoes would get pretty smelly, but that could just be him! The strap on the back was helpful in getting the shoe on and off, since I could mostly slide his foot in rather than having to jam it in. The strap closest to the toes is nice to get a good fit, but once you adjust it you don't need to undo this strap every time the shoe is worn. These provided good traction for walks and playing in the yard. If they got wet they seemed to dry fairly quickly, which was nice because these were the only shoes I had for him all summer. They're still in good enough shape that another child could use them again.
B005FM5Q3O Great water shoe Seems to be a comfortable shoe for my daughter.  I like that the fit is very adjustable, and it seems like it should last well.
B005FM5Q3O Tough shoe Granddaughter loved them, very beach worthy. Well built shoe and very comfortable. Highly recommend for the beach or any outdoor activity.
B005FM5Q3O Great shoe Shoe seems very durable and well made.  Comfortable for my son.  He usually wears a size 6 and I got these sandals in a 7 and they don't seem too big, so shoe may run slightly small.  Love the color and how easy they are to put on and take off!
B005FMBDD6 Great summer shoe for an active child! Easy to get on and off and feet don't get as sweaty as they do in sneakers.  A good value.
B005FMBDD6 Had to send them back I was looking for a closed-toe shoe for summer. I did not need a water shoe. Last year I got the Adidas Akwah and they were perfect. Technically a water shoe but looked like a normal shoe to me. Could not find them this time so I tried these. She is in a 7 but for closed shoes I am buying 7.5 now because they seem to grow overnight. I figured a 7 would work in these because the back would be out. The shoes were extremely tight and the material was almost like having on a thick stocking. They would probably be a good water shoe but not what I was looking for.
B005FMBDD6 Great summer shoe Great summer/water shoe, especially if your kid has wider or thicker feet. Easy to get on, soft upper. The sole is maybe a little more heavy duty than necessary (took our son a little getting used to the weight of it). Would definitely buy again.
B005GT0HX0 Good shoe - great look, pretty good fit I was looking forward to these boots, as it's really hard to find bigger sizes for cool looking shoes. These boots look great and feel well made. The bottoms are pretty smooth, like a boat shoe, but have thin grooves cut throughout. Not sure if that will really help give traction or not. The only thing I didn't love about them was the footbed. There is what seems to be a shoe insert that runs 3/4 the length of the shoe. It felt a little weird in the middle of my foot. Other than that, though, great product.
B005GY8RYQ Shoelace issue I love my new Timberland Earthkeepers but I did not like the "closed loop" shoelaces.  They prevented me from opening up the tongue to more easily slip my foot into the shoe.  On top of that the loop on the left shoe was almost 2" less in diameter than the shoelace loop on the right shoe.  As a result, I cut the loops and replaced the shoelaces with a thin, regular pair that were the same size in diameter and 36" long.  I can now open up the tongue and insert my foot into each shoe without the perpetual need for a shoehorn.  I recommend a "shoelace" review by Timberland to see if anyone else had a similar concern.  Thanks.
B005GY98C6 Great shoe for under $75.00, no way but it's true I will have to say for the monies this shoe has a &#34;big money feel&#34;. It seems to be made from Napa leather, that's soft durable and contours to your feet out of the box. I wear a size 15 shoe and this is spot on in size. Great shoe at any price&#8230;
B005GY98C6 the quialty of the shoe i choose this rating because i had brought this shoe before for husband and he liked it so i brought another pair just like it this time in the rouged color and a black pair and would recoment it to anyone to buy
B005GY98C6 Nice Shoe Never owning, let alone wearing this type of shoe I wasn't sure what to expect.  Fantastic shoe, very comfortable right out of the box. Ordering a second pair. Recommend this shoe.
B005GY99A2 Great Shoe great looking shoe goes well with jeans and khakis.Fits nicely and is very comfortable. Great fit as well, and the waterproofing works very well.
B005GYK9V0 New Favorite Shoe This shoe is awesome. Super comfortable, can be dressed up or casual with them - which is why I got them in the first place because of their versatility. They don't come too high on the ankle which I like, they are like a mid type shoe. Really stylish. The "Grey" is more of a brown/grey.. Little hard to describe the exact color but its not a typical grey, but either way they go with just about anything.
B005GYKZTG Great shoe but odd sizing I was completely stoked when I opened the box on these. Great color combination, soft leathers, nice stitching, and well padded.  A great looking, quality built shoe.  Unfortunately they didn't fit.  The instep is cut really low and even with the laces removed it is too tight across my instep to be comfortable. The length is good, the width is good, and I have plenty of room in the toe box.  Buying a larger size would just make the shoe too big.  I have several other Timberland Earthkeeper shoes and none of them have this issue.  Luckily Amazon Prime has a great return policy but I'm bummed that I couldn't keep them.
B005I6RZXG Needs a little more stretch in the opening Hard time getting the shoe on.  It needs more stretch (room) in the opening of the shoe.  I have previously bought the renova shoe and had absolutely no problems with it.  The shoe itself is very comfortable, but I had to cut the elastic bands just to get it on, whereas I did not have to do that with the renova.
B005I6RZXG Bought for working in hospital I purchased this shoe after finding them in West Des Moines where they were asking $125.00!!!! Right then and there I fell in love with them, they are so comfortable! I got on my phone in the store because I had to see if Amazon was selling these shoes for any cheaper! I was so happy to see they were in the $80 range!!It is not noticeable in the picture, but the band which runs across the foot is embossed with a design. When I ordered them from Amazon I was disappointed that it wasn't embossed and when the shoe arrived I was happy to see it was!I typically wear a size 9 shoe and in the store, size 9 fit like a dream. That is what I ordered from Amazon. When they arrived, the right one fit as expected but the left one fits loose on my foot! I have never had that issue ever before. I'm contemplating sending them back in the hopes of getting one that fits my left foot without slipping....I wonder if someone tried to squeeze their fat foot into the shoe or if it is just a fluke!Anyway, I love these shoes and can't wait to wear them around!
B005I6RZXG Timberland Pro Renova shoe Brown - - not what I expected This shoe was big and clunky in some respects such as the overall shoe design on the outside but it was very tight in some places.  The back of the shoe was kind of tight but the forward part of the shoe was big and roomy??? The footbed of the shoe was very comfortable however the overall fit was very lacking therefore I had to return them.  I would not take the chance on ordering another pair in this style from Timberland. I was very disappointed because I have some Timberland work shoes and they fit very nice.
B005I6RZXG Great shoes I have a high arch and it takes a bit to get my feet in, but once on, they are very comfortable.  My heel squeaks and I am not sure if it is the shoe heel, or my sock on the back of the shoe.  Wearing them a little more will either work it out or I may need to return them... Undecided because I like the fit.
B005I6RZXG Comfy Shoe Comfy shoe but makes noises when you walk, kind of annoying I hope it goes away after breaking in.Looks great.
B005I6RZXG very comfy , finally a shoe i like i have had problems with foot pain, heel pain, swelling feet etc... this is the best shoe.  i have it in two styles now and it's great and comes in wides also.
B005I6RZXG Shoe-Horn Tight Looked great, and the toe box was roomy enough, but the shoe was very difficult to get on and not that comfortable after forcing my foot into them. They had to go back. 8.5 Wide was easy to get into, but not comfortable to walk in. They too, went back.
B005I6RZXG Great feeling shoe Fit was true to size and this shoe feels great
B005I6RZXG Comfort! I really like the look and feel of this shoe. I wear them as a work shoe with dress pants and they felt like they were all broke in! The only thing keeping them from being a 5 star is they creek like a new saddle!
B005I6RZXG Great server shoe I work in a restaurant as a server.A co worker bought these timberlands from sears and paid over $120I find this shoe not so comfy the first day but after that they are great.I wear a thicker no show sock.I love no laces.Super fast shipping.
B005I6RZXG Best shoe for standing I am a hairstylist and stand 40 hours a week. This shoe has been a lifesaver! Can't wear dansko because of the deep big toe curve. Have wide feet and this shoe fits great. Like this version with the design because it seems to soften the ducky shape. Orthotics fit in great. Not as high heel as dansko
B005I6RZXG Great once your feet gets use to them I do love this shoe. However I had to wear this hoe five or six time before my feet stopped hurting. What I mean is the shoe made my feet hurt out of the box. So I stuck with it. Let me also state that a car ran over my one foot and I had surgery on the opposite ankle. So I have serious foot needs. I bought this shoe for my culinary class. So I really needed this shoe and because of the name behind the shoe I stuck with it and now they feel great.
B005I6RZXG Love this SHOE I have this same shoe in white. I knew the size I needed. They fit great, and i love them!
B005I6RZXG Squeaky The shoe is comfortable and stylish, the fit is good. However, after the second day of wearing the shoe, the left shoe began squeaking loudly from the heal area with every step. The sole also leaves black marks on the tile floor of the lab that I work in. Contacted the company and they said I could send them in for them to look at but if they don't find any defects I would have to pay shipping costs to get them back.......I don't think that is good service.
B005I6RZXG Could have been better I fell in love with the shoe as soon as I saw it. I don't think that the shoe is so much anti fatigue as it claims to be it could be a much better shoe in my opinion. I have owned various pair of timberlands but first time buying some for work I was expecting a much better product. Plus the delivery people delivered the shoes at a wrong address and I ended up getting them days later  witch really really made me mad because I was in desperate need of them since my old work shoes soles were coming apart. The lady brought them minutes before I left to go to work so I rushed to put them on only to  later notice they were defected and the replacement shoes were the wrong size. I had ordered 9m and they sent me a regular 9.
B005I6RZXG Extremely comfortable walking shoe This shoe is extremely well made and very comfortable.  I have plantar fasciitis and am able to wear these without pain.  They were great from the moment I put them on.  You can also lift the inner sole right out and insert another sole underneath if you want to make it cushier or snugger.  However you certainly do not need to do that.  Renova professional and Dansko (ainsley or harlow style) shoes are my favorite shoes for aching feet.
B005I6RZXG LOVE these!! I love the embossed look of this shoe. I've only worn them one day on the job so far...but my feet do not hurt one bit. I have wide very flat feet...the wide version of this shoe fits very well still leaving room for my thick compression socks and my personal insole to be added on top of the regular insole for added padding.....LOVE this shoe!
B005I6RZXG Love the shoe, but didn't fit! Beautiful shoe, but couldn't get my foot into it.  I based my purchase on reviews as far as sizing. It was very small.  I am returning the shoe, but am very sad about it.  I normally wear an 8 Wide and that is what I ordered.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable To walk in the shoe is comfortable. But they feel a bit bulky. The overall shoe seem a bit wide as well. The nonslip is just ok.
B005I6RZXG Great workplace foot comfort and support!! The Timberland Pro's are a great work place shoe. Excellent for those working in healthcare enviornment and pull 8 plus hour shifts.  The design, fit, quality upper leather, heel height and comfort of this shoe is definetly a 5 star rating. I was really looking for a backless clog,but the shoe was so great in apperance and feel that I being a Certified Surgical Technologist decided to do a little surgery on them myself and remove the heel backs from the shoes (LOL :) Wala, I now have a perfectly cut pair of Timberland Pro backless clogs. HAPPINESS IS THE TRUTH!!!!!Happy feet A.K.A Tannis B.
B005I6RZXG Comfy and a relaxed foot I'm on my feet for 6-8 hours at a time, this shoe provides a nice arch and comfort. The shoe lasts about 10-12 months before you start to feel that it's wearing out.
B005I6YJW6 Comfortable like a tennis shoe, but the sole will come apart eventually. This is a very comfortable shoe to work in. I work on concrete floors all day, and it feels great. The only draw back is that if you do anything, like getting on or up off the ground where the shoe might turn sideways, the bottom sole will start to come apart and for a little while you will have flappers on the bottom of your shoe. But this is my second pair, and I try not to wear them on the rougher work days for that reason. Oh, and don't be lazy and take them off using the the other shoe or the heel of your foot. The back part of the sole will separate as well.
B005I6YJW6 Hard to tell I have big feet... not HUGE... I ordered my 14 EE ... The composite toe was very small... and the shoe was tight and too short in length... I have had Timberline shoes before and Love them... this shoe did not fit... that's all... and please remember 14 EE are hard to find to start with... so a tight fit does on occasion happen
B005I6YJW6 good work shoe great work shoe used it for 4 months, well build, ok when it comes to comfort. the down falls, no ventilation, noisy and if you have a thick foot skip this shoe if I buy this shoe again I would consider a half size bigger
B005I6Z4JI Shoe snaps fell off Great Shoes,but whats up with the shoe lace snaps coming off after wearing them only twice.  Maybe it time Americans made this product.
B005LCQYYS Good Shoe Fits true to size. Comfortable, but A little thin on the bottom. Cool looking shoe,works with jeans, khakis, shirts etc..
B005LCQYYS Nice summer casual shoe Right out of the box I found that this shoe to fit well and be very comfortable.  This will be a shoe that I only wear in the summmer time with a pair of jeans or kakai pants.  i only wear them without socks and each wear has been very comfortable.  I would classify these at a casual shoe and even though they have a nice rubber sole I would not try to do any type of sports activity in them.
B005LCQYYS Great shoe If you're used to shoes without an arch this shoe is great. It is a very comfortable shoe with padding in the insole so it maybe a good start for your first shoe with no arch, if desired. I like the sort of rugged look to the shoes which is what initially drew me to them. You get good bang for your buck with these shoes, I enjoy using them.
B005LCQYYS Great shoe/look the insole was a little thin but I replaced them with dr. scholls..other than that I wear the s*** out of them!
B005LCQYYS Great Casual Summer Shoe Shoe is true to fit, very breathable, soft upper, no need for socks, which I like for the summer. Zappos next day delivery, the best.
B005LCQYYS great shoe for the price This shoe is very comfortable, breathable, and acceptable for most occasions. I was very pleased with the coloring, fabric, and quality.  I have had these shoes for a month now, so far I've worn them regularly and I haven't noticed any fraying or signs of wear.  They were slightly snug out of the box but within a few steps became my favorite fitting pair.
B005MI8CPK Looks great. Average material I just bought these boots a couple weeks ago and they look very nice . I bought it in redwood and it is quite brown with a tinge of red. The material is not great after a few days some of scabs on the shoe  started to appear. It is nothing serious, just some marks which you can't really see from a distance. I have got many compliments on the shoe.
B005ZFBLTY The quality is not there I loved my former pair of Timberland pro shoes, the Renova Professional, which happen to look very similar to this shoe. I got a good 6 months' hard wear out of the Renova, finding them to be very comfortable, downright springy, and perfectly slip-resistant. I put a lot of 50-hour weeks' wear on that shoe, and it held up.Thinking that the shoe would be similar, and that I might save a few bucks, last week I ordered the Anassa Clog. Within a single workday, I knew I had made a mistake. This shoe does not offer the anti-fatigue properties of the Renova, and has a higher-profile heel which caused my foot to slide downward into the shoe during the day, leaving my toes cramped.Moral of the story : you get what you pay for. The Anassa, at $55., is poorly designed and lacks the features of the better Timberlands such as the Renova. If you spend long hours on your feet, be willing to invest a little more into the higher-priced Timberland Pros.
B005ZFBLTY disappointing this shoe was not up to my standards as it did not fit well. the heel cup is too large and forces the foot forward causing the toes to be crushed and the back of the shoe flip flops on the heel.
B005ZFDZMK Its an average shoe I bought these a bit bigger because of the last review, but my toe hit up right in the front. For a work shoe, they are ok, but I still had to put an insole in them to make them a bit more comfortable. I work in a restaurant and after a double, they still hurt the same. I have had more comfortable.
B006T2Z940 Awesome shoe for the dad!! Dad wanted a workboots..I recommend Timberland and he wanted a easy slip on shoe. Timberland have exactly what my dad needs. Shoe arrived in 2 weeks...everything was good. My dad loved the shoe immediately. Its was light and super comfy!!
B006T307QE work shoes these boots are made well , but a little heaver than i expected . They have an aggressive sole and are a little stiff , otherwise good shoe
B006T307QE Great boot but a little heavy. Only downside is that they are heavy. Very comfortable though and are long lasting. Actually one of the most comfortable shoe I own.
B006ZGV9LM Second Pair Absolutely LOVE these boots!  I bought the lighter colored boots and then had to buy them in black.  I was concerned about the sizing - I have an almost wide foot, but I can get away with regular sized shoes.  I decided to buy these wide, and I'm glad I did, because they are comfortable. They are waterproof, and they don't scuff too easily.  My 4 year old stepped on my shoes a couple of times, and it didn't leave any marks.  I also wiped off some mud successfully. I like the stretchy material on the back of the shoe that gives it a snug fit.  I think it varies by shoe because my black ones are tighter than the tan ones.  I am able to wear leggings with these, and the shoe fits around my calves.  I even tucked in my yoga pants.  Even though I gave them a '5', I do have a few issues.  These shoes REALLY make my feet stink. REALLY.  I had to start spraying Lysol in the shoe to get rid of the smell. I do that each night, no big deal - it worked. Also, there is a extra piece of shoe material from the ankle bone to about 2&#34; up the leg that will keep the water off of you that could possibly seep through the zipper.  That material digs into my ankle. But I wear thick socks and slouch them down to protect my ankle, and that works.All in all, they're comfortable, nice looking, and waterproof. Love them!
B006ZGVBUQ Timberland clog I choose this shoe for comfort and easy of wear! It works great!! I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for comfort!
B006ZGYLC6 Wonderful show After breaking it in the first time I wore it, this shoe fit perfectly.  It is dressy enough to wear with nice outfits, but it is comfortable enough for everyday wearing.  I have walked many miles in them, and the heels and soles (which have nice grips) are still in great condition. The heel is very sturdy, and made out of something that doesn't click very loudly against the floor every time you put your foot down. It even comes with information about the shoe's carbon footprint!!!
B006ZSAEUW Superb walking/light hiking shoe I bought this shoe to replace another Timberland trail shoe that wore out after two years of almost daily use.  From the pictures I was a bit skeptical I would like this shoe as much.  It looks a bit flatter, so I thought it might walk or feel more like a flipper if that makes sense.  However I was pleasantly surprised to find that the shape makes me feel more steady on my feet and puts less pressure on my Achilles. I've been wearing it almost every day since purchase and I absolutely love it!Pros:Very comfortable, great for daily versatile use, good for light trail useExcellent biking shoe -- it has some sort of support in the middle that makes it very comfortable for moderate biking/commutingToe box is roomy so my toes can spread outHeal cushion is great, almost like a sneakerStylish -- I love the orange accent from the laces -- I've received a lot of unsolicited comments from strangers asking me what kind of shoe I'm wearingQuality build -- It feels like it will last and wear well, I've come to trust Timberland (this is my 4th from the company)Eco-friendly materialSeems to keep my feet dry in rainy weatherCons:Casual but may be too stylish for work -- I get away with wearing this at work but due to the brand logo and bright laces, it might be too much for someThe tongue tends to sink when I slip them on -- this is easily fixed by pulling on the tongue with the tab but it didn't happen with other Timberland shoes I've triedWill not replace a waterproof boot for extremely wet or muddy trails -- not really a huge con, just use common sense if approaching big puddlesOverall:One of the best shoes from Timberland I've used. I wear it almost every day and I do a lot of walking, biking and hiking.  After 3-months they still look new and are showing no signs of wear yet.
B006ZSAEUW Quality Shoe I have a narrow foot and am quite reluctant to order a shoe without trying it on first.  I took a risk on this one and am quite happy with the fit.  It comfortable and looks great.
B006ZSAEUW Stylish trail shoe stylish and comfortable shoe.  strong laces and good support.  great tread.  hopefully the durability of this product meets my initial expectations (time will tell).
B006ZTKCL2 great shoe! I wore these for a three day hike the day after i got them they were super comfortable with no blisters! great shoe the first time i put them on
B006ZTTX44 Great Shoe it looks good and fits right.  A great walking shoe.  Timberland shoes generally last a long time, so I'm looking forward to enjoying this shoe for a while.
B006ZVROIY Strong, comfortable, supportive boot in shoe form I'm very satisfied with my purchase, another high-quality Timberland made shoe. They're very light shoes considering such a durable construction and are surprisingly comfortable. Very good deep traction too.
B006ZVRS1C Decent shoe This is a decent shoe, but it wasn't what I expected. The first problem is that this brand seems to run large. I ordered my shoe size based on their shoe sizing chart. I wear a size 11 in every other brand and their chart shows that a size 11 should be 11" from heel to toe. However, when the shoe arrived it was huge. I had a full extra 1" to 1.5" in the toe area. I got the ruler out and measured the shoe to actually be 12.5" from outer toe to outer heel. So you need to order at least a half size smaller than your your typical shoe size. This problem alone was enough to have to send it back, but my other problem was the material the shoe was made of. I order this shoe in the navy. It is made of leather which is nice, but the way they've treated it gives it an uber smooth almost shiney finish. Worn under jeans, it looks more like a plastic rain boot.
B0070SHSGE casual or formal You can't beat these shoes!  Truly a shoe you can wear anywhere and always very comfortable!  Timberland has nailed it
B0070SHSGE Cruise your feet in style and comfort without looking like a lumberjack Great urban shoe, comfortable with good tread so can handle slippery pavement with ease unlike true dress shoe which too often turn into ice skates.dressy enough to use for work or going out waterproof so that annoying slush puddle won't turn the inside of your shoe into a lake
B0070SHSGE Nice  Basic Black Shoe Purchased as gift for my brother. He loved them. Comfortable and true to size....Great  black work shoe. Pleased with purchase.
B0070SHSGE Great shoe! These shoes are waterproof which was my number one requirement.  Beyond that they are comfortable and rugged.  I think they look sharp.  A nice plain brown shoe that looks good and does what it is supposed to.  Great value!
B0070Z0VO8 This shoe did not last a school quarter! I just can't believe that this shoe did not last a school quarter! Its already broken into pieces. I am not sure if this is an original Timberland product.
B0070Z0VO8 Timberland hiking shoe The shoe arrived quickly and fits well.  Brand new and never been tried on.  Very comfortable and does not mark the floor.
B00713499W My 9 yr son loves this shoe I purchased this shoe in a 6.5 for my son as a school shoe. It's a quality leather shoe and was very well priced here on Amazon. We're happy with the purchase.
B0072AFBKK Very Pleased Very well made and comfortable. Shoe has a lot of foot support on the inside and feels durable. The look of the boot is stylish, would recommend this shoe to anybody.
B0072CPTK0 Great shoe This is a great mix between a timberland boot and tennis shoe. Nice quality. Super cute and i got it for a great price.
B0072NQIZ4 Great shoe! I bought this shoe for my daughter. She started cullinary school and will be on her feet in the kitchen for long periods of time. Her feet are very wide and they fit great. The insoles are soft and comfortble giving her much needed support while she is standing. They look stylish and modern. Also, the shoes were delivered very quickly. Good service and good shoe!
B0072NQIZ4 Timberland Pro Nice shoe.  Very classy looking shoe with the patent look and red.  Does seem a little on the generous side, size wise
B0072NQIZ4 Great shoe I am a nurse always looking for the next great shoe. Being on your feet 12+hours you really got to get something good on your feet. I wanted to try these because it was not your normal brand of nursing type shoes. Well started wearing them on Tuesday and it's the end of the week now and have had no problems. Love the style,shape and they are very comfortable even after so many hours of wear.  Great shoe will buy again.
B0072NQIZ4 the best shoe ever I had purchased this about 2 weeks ago, and Im AMAZED!  I can feel my pasture is a lot better ! My feet are not sweating and they are very comfortable!  I would highly recommend this shoe!  Very easy to clean.
B0072NQIZ4 2nd pair bought This is my second pair of Timberland Pro Renova. I bought this as a gift for my mom. We both work in hospitality. What we love the most of this shoe is its comfortable fit, lightweight and specially the slip resistant sole. My mom had two slips already at work, so this shoe is the one we found gives the best protection against slips. Definitely sticking with any Timberland Pro Shoe.
B0072NQIZ4 The shoe is to Heavy I liked the shoe but if you are on your fee more then 6 hours these are not the shoes for you. They are very heavy, maybe if you are 20 years old they are ok, but if you are over 55 and work on your feet all day, I would not suggest these shoes.
B0072NQIZ4 My wife love this shoe so much Two thumbs up for this product. According to my wife, this shoe is very comfy. After 12 hours of working in the hospital, she didn't feel any discomfort. The design is very eye-catching too. Lot of her co-workers are asking what kind of shoe she was wearing. When she says it's Timberland, they were surprised. They said they're gonna buy a pair too.
B0072NQIZ4 Hard to fit foot Purchased through Amazon (and free shipping!) this shoe is all it claims to be.  I have a lot of issues with my feet.  On concrete too many years.  I think the insole  doesn't agree with my foot...my own problem.  I slated to return these, but with this insole that I just received today, I may just keep them.  They have a nice roll one soul when you walk.  I feel that I could run fairly well in these.  I always feel that if I can run as well as walk in what I wear on my feet, then it is surely a good shoe.  Nice looking and seems like it's ready for some mileage.Size is right on the number. Sometimes 11 is too small and no larger size to exchange for.The quality is throughout this shoe.
B0074HSGO4 I love Great shoe fits perfect . I worry about the walking crease because I'm flat footed but hardly noticeble. Bought another pair of timberlands after I put on this shoe the more I spend the better the shoe.
B007784WSO Great solid shoe! I search amazon for a shoe that appeared well constructed and weather proof and I choose this one. I wore the boot for 8 hours and experienced a comfortable fit and warmth. Timberland offers shoes and boots that are well made.
B007M629M2 Great shoe Love the shoe, the price and how it looks and feels when on--could not be happier when wearing them. Thanks
B00828VKFQ Fantastic shoe for nursing (students) I read all the reviews and decided to give this shoe a try. I was worried it might have been on the bigger side but the size was perfect. They feel as good if not better than a sneaker/tennis shoe! I read some reviews about squeaking, but mine do not squeak or make noise. I walk all over campus in these shoes and no problems, A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! If you are on the fence with another shoe, buy this one!
B00828VKFQ Flight Attendant Shoe I've been using this for a month and I can tell it's a great shoe! It's a little chuncky if you're going to carry it in a bag or roller board, but I don't think this one is as big as other similar ones in the market.I love this cause it gives me plenty of space for my toes and my feet feel rested at the end of a long day standing and walking 35000 feet above ground. Ordered my exact shoe number and I have nothing to complain about the fit.
B00828VKFQ Good Slip Resistant Shoe This is a good slip resistant shoe. It is comfortable and roomy. The only problem I have is the heel slips, but I have that problem with a lot of slip on shoes. I just put in a soft spot gel cushion and it works fine. The shoes seem to be very durable and stain resistant. I had my last pair for just over a year and wore them everyday to work.
B00828VKFQ Not what I was hoping for! After reading other's reviews, I was disappointed with this shoe.  I had a hard time the first week breaking in this shoe, and even now I find it very hard to wear for eight hours straight at work.
B00828VKFQ Great work shoe I like that the shoe has a instep that's supports my high instep. I am on my feet all day long and is comfortable
B00828VKFQ Comfort shoes I love these shoes. Very comfortable for work. I have the Renova Mary Janes too and I loved it until the elastic buckle strap broke after a year. The shoe is still in perfect condition though so I have find a cobbler that can fix the strap. But overall, I would buy this type of shoe again.
B00828VKFQ Comfortable shoe if you stand all day I like them . I tought  they wouldn't be comfortable but after a few days my feet did not hurt. I believe these shoes should for standing not walking and they do squeak . Overall is a good shoe .
B00828VKFQ Very comfotable on arthiritic feet I have been diagnosed with arthiritis in my let foot which makes it unbearable to stand on some days.  Someone reccommended this shoe to me and I would do the same fo the next person who asks for a comfortable shoe.  Will be getting the brown color after the holidays.
B00828VKFQ Healthcare professional After a painstaking experience, finally found a solid work shoe suitable for prolonged standing and running around on concrete floors. I find the shoe to be true to size and quite comfortable. Because the fit is snug it requires a thin sock. This is a small sacrifice and well worth the benefit. I would have rated the shoe excellent except it squeaks and leaves black marks on the floor.
B00828VKFQ Your feet and legs will thank you! Best slip resistant work shoe I ve ever had..Bartending for 15 yrs..def worth the money..true to size..I will never buy another work shoe
B00828VKFQ The BEST shoes for someone who spends all day on their feet! I am a pharmacy intern and work 8 hr shifts with no chance to sit. These shoes are the only shoes I will wear to work! Once the shoe is broken in (took about one day for me), it is seriously the most comfortable shoe you can wear. The support is incredible and I leave work with little to no foot pain. Also, because of the foot bed, you feel like you have a little spring in your step! Overall, I recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of standing or walking at their job. You seriously won't find a better, professional looking shoe.
B00828VKFQ Great product! I bought this shoe for my wife, an RN. A professional physiotherapist recommended Timberland shoe to us. My wife, in turn, recommends this shoe to fellow women who stay longer on their feet to buy one!
B00828VKFQ Very comfortable! The Timberland Pro Renova shoe is a great shoe. Initially, I thought the wide size was too big but turns out to be very roomy which is good for my feet and the foot bet is well-cushioned. The only negative is the foot bet cushioning can absorb a lot of moisture so the shoe has to be well-aerated otherwise it can get smelly fast :).
B00828VKFQ wonderful feeling shoe I have problems with my right ankle.  I stand on concrete all day.  I have tried several other brand name shoes but this shoe is the very best....Since I have been wearing this shoe my ankle during the day does not hurt.  The support and cushion this shoe gives is remarkable.  I would highly recommend this shoe to any one.
B0083IUGO6 Timberland Chukka Boots The boots fit as expected, they did not require any break in period, and I expect them to last longer than most because they are pre-oiled.  The only thing that I did not like was that the shoe laces were too long (33 inches), and too thin.  The shoe laces do not stay tied, and flop down the side of the shoe.  I purchased some shorter (24 inches) boot laces, and I expect them to resolve the problem.
B0083IUGO6 Great shoe and comfortable Love these shoes.  Can wear for work or casual.  Need about a week to break in.  No pain during that time, just a little stiff.  oh but after breaking in,  very comfortable.
B008CY28YC High quality but not for me First of all I would like to say that the shoes are of great quality. The shoe both upper and sole are solid and should last a long time. However, I wasn't a big fan of the style as I wanted to wear these for work. They may be appropriate for some people as work shoes but I couldn't see myself wearing them with dress pants.The sizing seemed to be about right. I usually wear an 11 and I found the 11 to be a bit roomy and the 10.5 to be slightly too snug.They are very comfortable and cushy under your feet. I was really looking for a firmer shoe but some people may like the feel of these.I ended up returning the shoe but would not want to deter anyone from trying these out. Most of these issues were nitpicking in that they did not meet my needs.
B008J0PKIA Great Comfort Shoe Really nice shoe looks good on and comfortable too. Fits true to size, great casual shoe, I just love them!
B008J0PKIA Fantastic Shoe!!! Looks like a shoe but it feels like a sneaker.  If you do a lot of walking or/and standing this might be the shoe for you.  I am very satisfied with the comfort level of this product. It is not too flat so it supports the foot and it's cute!
B008KLEYLM Cute shoe I really liked this shoe.  They were comfortable and fit as I had expected them to.  I did return them though. I couldn't get over the fact that my daughter didn't like the appearance of them.
B008KLGHL2 Nice shoe The strapes could have been shorter they feel very loose but I will wear then anyway.  I like the softness of the shoe pad.
B008KLGHL2 LIKE THEM The top of the shoe is somewhat tight fitting but the shoe is very comfortable.  I would buy another pair.
B008KLGHL2 Just what I wanted The fit is great and very comfortable.  The black on the straps of the shoe are a little bit brownish I think, but it still passes for black.  I would consider buying this brand of shoe again.
B008M27754 Most comfortable sandal I've ever had This is my third pair of these sandals over the last 5 years. They are comfortable for wearing for casual, for work, and for walking. The leather upper looks good and feels great, especially at the heal which is one of my trouble spots. I see no real wear in the upper after wearing out the rubber sole with over a year of very frequent use. Wish I could get these resoled-haven't checked with a shoemaker yet but I suspect a resole would not be as comfortable. This has become my shoe of choice for almost any activity except where I need a real dress shoe or an athletic shoe. They look good enough for my workplace where business casual is the order of the day. I normally wear a 9-10 in shoes depending on the brand. On these I wear a 9D so they may run slightly big. Strong recommendation.
B008M27754 Greatest Shoe Ever Invented This shoe is unbelievable. If every guy in the world could wear this shoe, it would be a happier world.
B008M27754 Great shoe The shoe size fit my foot perfectly. It is extremely well constructed and the comfortable to wear. The leather is all the same color which does not always happen with some manufacturers. Overall I am very happy with the purchase and I am about to buy another pair frp, Timberland.
B008M27754 Great Shoe Everything in a shoe that you wanted.  Great fit, great look, I would have bought two pairs they are fantastic.
B008M27754 great shoe very comfortable, easy to break in, great shoe, wish they kept making them and the related shoes that are made with that sole
B008M27754 Wish you had black. Comfortable as well as a good looking shoe.  Year round wear.  Only wished they had black.  Well worth the money....
B008M27754 Shoe width ? W=2E ? shoe width  not clear. Stick with either one; otherwise the scandal is the best on the market, that is why I bought two
B008M27754 Small Problem This is a very comfortable shoe with perfect size description and flexibility.  The only problem with the shoe is that I have a very high arch and the shoe cuts into the top of my foot and makes it very uncomfortable.  It is very hard for me to find shoes since not only do I have a high arch, I also have very wide feet, so to find a shoe that accommodates my wide feet is great, but I need the combination of both width and lower cut top.
B008M27UHO beautiful pair of shoe It fits perfect just one thing did not realize that the martial is able to scratch so u have to be careful as it may  we er the beauty of the shoe
B008M2MGSC very comfortable This shoe is stylish and very comfortable.  I had never seen a timberland boot designed like this.  I highly recommend this to anyone.  It is exactly what I expected.
B008M2MGSC Like it a lot The shoe is very comfortable and looks extremely nice. It looks great and I hope lasts long. I love the style of the shoe and the flexibility and breathability. I only have one complaint about this shoe. It fits a tad bit too large. I like it but if you want it to fit perfectly I would not go any lower than a 1/2 size less than what you really wear. And that's only if you want it very snug.
B008M2MGSC Timberland Men's Newmarket 61 Cupsole Boot The shoe is so nice and cool, fit as expected, I am very like wearing it. The shoe came early than estimated day, it came on June 16th.
B008M2OCP2 I just Luv it When I first saw this thing I knew I was going to love it, after wearing it a second time today it really does feel comfortable. Even tho there is some slack between my heel and the shoe it still grabs my feet really well, so much so I didnt even notice. I like to walk and do alot of it so I needed something that looks kinda like a dress shoe for work and the ability to hold up well against lots of walking.  The only bad I could think about for this shoe is the nu-buck material but other than that I just love.
B008M2OCP2 A very comfortable shoe While on vacation in newyork I did a lot of walking, these shoes stood up to all of the wear and tear that I put them thru. What a great shoe and it is very comfortable.
B008M2OCP2 Comfortable shoe The caption of the shoe displayed on amazon gave it a comforting appeal. The shoe fits as the caption portrayed. Very comfortable.
B008M2OCP2 Excllent Shoe Hansome shoe.  There is not much stretching of this shoe.  Orig. ordered a size 11 it was too narrow so I exchanged for next size up.  The inner foot memory pad was OK , but I inserted athletic gel lining and was very comfortable.  Walked a lot in NYC over a three week period and my feet felt comfortable all day.
B008M2OCP2 True size , True Brand This shoe is for men from 18-35, and for discover is a real or fake timberland?, let me tell you that is a real timberland and fits  as expected , true to size, is stylish , elegant  and comfort shoe. Its  a well made shoe, also i search for any defect or problem with any product that i bought and this timberland one it was a perfect and original shoe.
B008M2OCP2 nice shoe it's fit that there should be a thumb&#8217;s width between the tip of my big toe and the top of the shoe.
B008M2P490 Surprise It looks like a lace-up shoe but is actually slip-on shoe. It was larger than a typical size 12 shoe too.
B008M2P490 very comfortable its a very comfortable fit, so easy to put on and take off .I really like it new favorite shoe
B008M2YZKY Nice shoe for summer wear This is a great shoe with shorts, khakis and the like...especially anytime you want to go without socks.  They are very comfortable and have ample support and sole thickness.  They fit true to size.  If this is the look you are going for do not hesitate to buy.
B008M2YZKY Really comfortable and durable Just had these shoes for a week but they are extremely comfortable. The material is very soft especially in the sole of the shoe.
B008M2YZKY Exactly as described This is one of the most comfortable shoe you can buy.  If your looking for great support, maybe not, but the shoe is light on one's feet and it looks great.  You can't go wrong if you order these shoes.  A great summer item,
B008M2ZFQW Great casual shoe This shoe fits great and is super comfortable.  They are awesome if you want go to the beach or just around town.  The shoe does not have great padding, mostly the heal, so walking all day may be a bit of a problem. They are my beach shoes and I have worn them all day with no problems.
B008M2ZFQW Great shoe Amazingly light and comfortable right out of the box.  Have the same shoe in three colors now!  Great for our climate (Florida)
B008M2ZFQW This shoe just screams "COMFORT", but It has one tragic flaw...I debated on buying these shoes for a month or so. However, I liked the previous pair of Brookridge Earthkeepers that I had bought from Timberland that I was sure I would love these as well.When you first put the shoe on, yes, it's literally as comfortable as it looks. At first I thought &#34;Wow, I just found my wear 'em out summer shoe&#34;.Then about half way through the day...I noticed my Achilles tendon starting to chaff. The shoe is comfortable everywhere except the very back of the shoe that meets the back of your ankle. The material is sewn such that there is a constant rub. Timberland did not place any type of buffer over the seam as they did with the Brookridge (still love 'em).I bought these as an option to not have to wear socks...something to wear with shorts this summer, but I don't see myself putting them on again. Today, I noticed that the blister it had rubbed was in such a place that even my perfect fitting Cole Haans that have never caused me any issues hurt.
B008M2ZFQW Great casual shoe for Summer This is a very comfortable shoe that is great casual wear for summer. Sizing is very accurate. I plan to purchase additional colors.
B008M4UN2Q Uncomfortable. I though this shoe would be comfortable, it wasn't. the shoe runs narrow. And the none leather footbed is hot and doesn't allow the foot to breathe. The toe post was stiff and uncomfortable. I returned it.
B008MHR6D2 Great looking, comfy boat shoe Looks great, feels very comfortable so far. I went down half a size as suggested and its still a bit roomy, but that's the way I like it. The only complaint I have is that the insole abruptly stops 2/3 the way into the shoe so the ball of your foot rests on a different material. But I just inserted my own insole so it hasn't been an issue.
B008MHR6D2 Great shoe! Once we got the right size the shoe fit great and is very very comfortable! It also is a great color that goes with everything.
B008MHR6D2 I like it... I love Timberland shoe, but size is large a little bit.There is size 9 sign inside shoe(I ordered 8).
B008N6Y9BO Nice shoe This shoe is comfortable, looks good and seems to be well made.  I was looking for a basic casual shoe and this certainly fills the bill.
B008N6Y9BO Not that comfortable When I ordered this shoe I was expecting it to be more comfortable. normally size 6.5 is good for me. but this shoe was like a half size smaller than what I expected. If you want this shoe for every day long walk, I would not recommend it. similar models of other brands (like naturalizer, clarks) are more comfortable.
B008N6Y9BO Comfortable and durable Fits true to size. The leather inside the shoe required minimal breaking-in, only took about two days of wear to soften up. I've had these shoes for a few months and wear them everywhere. They are holding up very well. Great for rainy days or days on the boat as the rubber sole prevent water from penetrating the inside of the shoe.The leather insole really comfortable, and is also removable, which makes cleaning very easy. Even though I wear them for play, they also look nice enough to wear with a casual outfit. It's a great everyday-anywhere shoe.
B008N6Y9BO Boat shoes Just what I wanted! The delivery was on time and boxed great.I would recommend them to al that want a classic boat shoe.
B008N6YJKA Love this shoe This will be my 'go to' shoe this summer. i plan to wear them as I travel.They are THAT comfortable, It's a great fit, true to my size 7.
B008N6YJKA Love these shoes!! This is a very comfortable shoe.  The heel is just the right height and the fit is perfect.  It looks great, also!  I highly recommend this shoe!
B008N6YJKA Love These A great looking shoe, a comfortable shoe.  I love it, would like more in other colors.  Very quiet and stylish.
B008N6YJKA Awesome shoe!  Love it! The shoe was very cute and ultra comfortable!  Love the height of the heel - not too low but not as high if you want to wear it everywhere.  Thought it would hurt my feet after an hour or so of walking up and down the city streets but the shoes held up quite well (and so did I!) after an entire day of walking!  The ankle strap felt a bit tight at first but after breaking it in, didn't feel as tight anymore.  I've had them for about 2 weeks now and wear them to work as well.  Received plenty of complements on the shoes!  I got a 9 in the tan (I'm usually an 8.5 or 9 depending on the shoe) - the fit is comfortable but maybe a bit loose so I've ordered an 8.5 in black to see if there is a difference. Other than that, I absolutely love this pair!
B008N6YJKA Stunning shoe but definitely not medium width! The front of the shoe was way too large and while they otherwise fit perfectly, I was not able to wear them because the front was more like a wide width shoe. I sold them to someone at my office with size 10 W feet!
B008N6YRCK beautiful shoe very happy with the appearance and comfort. the navy shoe I received is not as dark as my monitor, but I still like the shoe very much
B008N6YRCK beautiful shoe My girlfriend loves this shoe. At first they were not comfortable for her but after a few days she feels nice with them. Right size.
B008N6YRCK Beautiful This shoe fits true to size, the quality is great. They are very comfortable and beautiful. I absolutely love them.
B008N7GT9I Left shoe is much narrower than the right. Left shoe is narrower than right shoe. Trying to streach it out. To much of a hassel to return them and wait 2 weeks for a replacement. Don't buy something you can't try on!
B008UQ6VPO Great summer shoe Great shoe for little guys! Wore to a couple outdoor summer weddings. Slip on style is great. Comfortable and stylish.
B008UQR1G2 very comfy goes well with blue jeans, not a bright red though (looks vintage) but its a great casual shoe for me
B008UTB02K Favs There are my son's fav. shoes. He's been wearing them for a whole year. These have been a school shoe, a playground shoe, I have dressed them up and down. Comfy with or without socks. High, high quality!
B008UTB02K Nice looking shoe, but ran bigger than expected. This is ultimately a great shoe, but I had to exchange twice to get the correct size.  Run bigger than his sneakers so it was a bit tedious to find a good fit.  When we finally did get the correct size, the shoes look great and work great for church and more dressy events at school.
B008VPU0GK I like a lot nice shoe and the leather feels you it is a good shoe for hiking and water resistant, keeps your feet dry
B008VPU0GK great shoe good light work shoe much less $ then other places my friends asked me to purchase for them also! so far so good
B008VPU0GK My brown shoe of choice for work now I alternate colors so the shoe can dry out, so this became my brown choice for casual work dress. The treads are solid and grip well, cushioning is good and the laces and eyelets look sturdy. I've worn about 7 times since purchase, with medium weight socks and my feet are in good shape at the end of the day....recommend.
B008VQKEBA Easy care shoe. A good summer shoe I can wear for chores even if it is wet or muddy.It washes fast and easy.
B008VQRH4W Love This Shoe Great all around shoe for light hiking, dry canyoneering, and low level climbing.  Excellent traction if dry, but when wet it's questionable.  I won't use this for long hikes, as there is little support, I did an 8 miler in Zion and my feet were tired at the end of the day.  If I could find this shoe at the same price I would buy it again!
B008VQU2WG Nice. Great walking shoe.  I just wish the shoe had more depth in the toe area. I like to wiggle my toes while wearing shoes but I can't do much when wearing these. They are snug.Amma
B008VS5S00 Good shoe but size doesn't fit right. The shoe is good quality for price. My daughter wears a 9T in all her shoes but this brand of shoe runs large! I ordered a 9 toddler and it is more like a size 10.5.
B008ZBP2RC Great show As I expected, the quality of this shoe is great. It is a perfect summer casual shoe. I just wanted something a little nicer than a tennis shoe but with the same comfort. This shoe really fit the bill.
B008ZBP506 Satisfied. This shoe fits as expected and is very comfortable. Only a little tad pricy for a canvas shoe. But again, it's timberland so it is kinda acceptable.
B008ZBPGFU Walking on Air I purchased a 9 and it fit as expected, perfectly. Great comfortable lounge around shoe. Better than expected extremely comfortable footbed.
B008ZBPGFU LOVe this shoe best shoe/slipper i have ever bought supper comfy not just for around the house bought two more pairs for going out and in my shop i have a pair everywhere
B008ZBPGFU Great shoe Wool lined interior makes a great knock-a-bout winter shoe. Wish the y can in EEE's sizes for us flipper footed fellows.
B008ZBPGFU Comfortable Timberland shoe Very comfortable and light weight and looks great on my sons feet. A really nice looking shoe for a size 15
B008ZBPGFU Nice shoe, unusual fit I bought these as sturdy casual shoes and they fit that description pretty well.  I particularly like shoes with flexible, minimalist soles (like a moccasin) and little or no heel.  These shoes are built that way, but they come with a pretty robust insole that is very thick at the heel.  It feels very spongy and reduces the lateral stability of the heel area.  The insole also takes up a lot of room in the shoe, producing a fit that is tight at the instep but relatively long overall.  Perfect for people with long, narrow feet and a very low instep (who has feet like that?).  I like the design and construction, so I returned the size 9 and ordered a size 8 (still plenty long), removed the insole and replaced it with a more minimalist insole.  In this configuration the fit is good and the shoe isn't so ridiculously long, and the feel is much more like a moc (the rubber outsoles are fairly thin and flexible).  I expect this shoe to stretch significantly, so I'll recommend a snug fit.  Summary:  The shoe is proportionately long, and snug at the instep.  The insole is too thick and spongy for this type of shoe.  It's a nice shoe if you can make it fit.
B0090JZSMW Great comfort! Great shoe!  Very comfortable and nice looking!!  Works well with any outfit!  Great for the summer!  I would recommend this shoe!!
B0090JZSMW Great casual shoe! Great casual shoe! Looks and fits great. Good with or without socks. Goes with jeans, pants, or shorts. Versatile, comfortable, stylish!
B0090X4EJQ 1 week in, couldn't be happier I intend on wearing these shoes 4 out of 5 days of the week and so far they feel like they will hold up well. The back of the shoe did rub against my ankle at first, but it appears to be going away or I'm getting used to it. Solid shoe, wish I had bought 2.
B0090X4EJQ Great shoe I've worn them only once BUT they fit well and were VERY comfortable. I had some difficulty getting my foot into them but once in they felt fine; not tight at all. And there was no feeling of tightness (only comfort) in wearing them.
B0090X4EJQ GREAT buy! So good for just the shoe to slip on everyday, and also to slip on when going out for a night and wearing pants!
B0090X4EJQ Great shoe and perfect fit These shoes were purchased for my husband.  He says they are comfortable and fit perfectly.  I say, a smart looking shoe and a good price compared to big name department stores.
B0090X4EJQ Timberland Mt Kisco Love look of shoe and comfort after getting shoe on..  Maybe should wear sockless since very tough to get on if wearing socks.
B0090X4EJQ Average because of mis in manufacturing size 10.5Right shoe biggestLeft shoe goodThe weight of the shoe is somewhat heavy and unfortunately his site on Amazon and more shoes always weighing 2 pounds
B0090X4EJQ love 'em these are the best American made shoe! just wonderful craftsmanship and it fits like a glove. So comfortable and looks stylish.
B0090X4EJQ great shoe Very comfortable shoe. I work for an airline in customer service and stand more then I walk. I have recommended this shoe to other coworkers. Great product
B0090X4EJQ Nice casual shoe It's a very nice comfortable slip on shoe. Easy to slip on I almost feel like I can run a few miles.
B00911VXT6 Shoe poor finish Really not what I expected from a shoe timberland, the finish is awful inside I'm still thinking that these shoes are of poor quality imitation I do not think the house timberland shoes make of such poor quality
B0091BCGAG Timberland Men's Newmarket Roll Top Sneaker,Grey Great shoe, great fit. This is a very comfortable shoe. impressive delivery time. I will shop again. Keep up the good work
B0091DKPFC Excellent shoe for every day comfort Right out of the box I was excited the top has a wonderful color and the tread is solid. The sole has required a bit of time to break-in but now they fit like gloves. I especially like how smooth they lace up (tighten); there is very little friction by having the eyelets. Another fantastic shoe by Timberland.
B0091HLQEC Heel too big I bought these shoes for doing moderate renovations on our investment properties. I wanted a lighter weight shoe for days when the work didn't require such heavy protection. The shoe fit fine everywhere except the heel. When I walked I could feel my heel slip up and down. That will cause a blister for sure! Returned them and found a different shoe that is working out fine. I also think I needed a mid height rather than a low so I can tighten the heel better. Sad it didn't work out. It's a good looking shoe!
B0091QISZS very comfotable, but... The shoe was extremely comfortable, but even though I normally buy a size 13 and the shoe sent was a 12, it was too long and wider than a M.  As I don't live in the States I had to find someone to buy it from me.
B0091QISZS I love Timberland!!! No issues with the supplier or with the quality of the shoe!I love Timerland shoes and I prefer to buy them on Amazon because I find a wide variety. Every time I go to the store, they don't have my size or they don't have the shoe I like in my size!!
B0091QISZS Bad shoe The shoe fit almost perfect yet the heel would not hold and felt like wearing flip-flops. Very thin construction and no sole padding.
B0091QISZS Decent quality shoe, made in the US It was harder than I expected to find shoes made in the United States. With a little research, found these by Timberland and am pleased with the quality, fit, and price.At first, my heel slipped up out of the shoe, and I was concerned that would cause rubbing or wear to the shoe. However, after a couple days the shoe broke in and now there is now slipping.
B0098X5DAM Just a little small I had previously bought the timberland pro renova and it was true to size.  This one I had a hard time getting into because of the opening of the shoe.  It just was too tight between the ankle and calf opening, whereas the renova you could just slip on.  The comfort of the shoe is spot on however once it is on.
B0098X5DAM Work Shoes The shoe isn't as comfortable as I thought.  After one nursing shift I can't wait to take them off.  I just can't seem to find a really comfortable shoe.  I also need to wear with a thin sock.  The elastic across the top is perfect.  The shoe doesn't rub at all, unlike my other more expensive clog type shoe.
B0098X5DAM very comfortable but heel slides up and down I loved the way the shoe felt against the sole of my feet, had great arch support.  I do have skinny ankles but this shoe has a really wide heel.  If I put on super thick socks that did help but then the fit was just too tight.  I tried a 7 and a 7 1/2.  (I usually wear 7 1/2).  Unfortunately I had to send both pairs back.  Amazon was wonderful as always at refunding my money.The look of the shoe is great.  I ordered to wear with my shrubs to work, but this shoe would look great with a pair of jeans too.  I really wish mine had fit!!
B0098X5DAM Wonderful Shoe If your on your feet for long periods of time this is the shoe for you.Good shoe if you have any feet issues.
B0098X61EO Great Nurse Shoe! This shoe fit perfectly right out of the box. No break in time needed. I wore them for my 12 hour shift the day after I got them in the mail. No fatigue, nor soreness, and they look great!
B0098X61EO Great work shoe I do love this shoe; the padding is great; it gives great support for standing all day; great traction; my big toe on the left foot hurt the first few wears (but that could just be my toe)
B0098X61EO Terrible shoe They are the most uncomfortable shoe on the market. I've been trying to wear them to see if I can break them in further. I even bought insert to make it more comfortable. I have to walk in the heal of shoe or barefoot to find comfort. I don't recommend anyone buy this shoe ever
B009DL0YD0 Great shoe. Timberland quality is evident.  Slip resistant sole is as good as segment leaders, in a much better built shoe.  Make sure to buy a half size larger, or go for a wide selection.  Shoe is a bit tight and can't use thick sport socks.
B009DL0YD0 Not right for me. Because the tongue has elastic on it, I found that my toes would occasionally strike the inside of the shoe. I also found that my feet hurt more than other shoes I have tried.The non-slip sole on this shoe is fantastic! Absolutely no possibility of slipping in this shoes.I recommend Sanita.
B009K43EU0 Best shoe This boot is the most comfortable shoe that i have ever wore. I wish all of my shoes fit like these. I love the style as well.
B009NOZ6PS great shoe's i have always liked timberlands because of quality, price,true to fit, and overall look.would recommend this shoe and all of the timberland line.these shoes are worth much more than they cost.no
B009R9EJ3E Better than the original ones that came with Shoe's I love my Timberland Pro's....but my problem was always the insoles wouldn't hold up as long as the shoe.  Finally!! Direct Insole Replacements.  Fit better than other brands.  Even more comfortable than the original insoles that came with the shoes.  Now for 30 bucks, I can keep my hundred shoes going for another year!
B009XF0GJ8 I feel like I'm the only one with these shoes. I luv it!!! I would advice that you get the next size up for this shoe because you can see your toe imprint. Besides that, this shoe is different in style making them my new favorite shoe.
B009XF0GJ8 most comfortable shoe I had purchased a pair at a discount store on vacation & they were so comfortable I ordered more in 2 different colors.  I had bunion surgery & it's the only shoe I can wear.  I loved them even before the problem.
B009XF0GJ8 Fun summer shoe Stylish, colorful, and comfly - it's three goals and you're for a whole summer with the perfect shoe. Luv 'em!
B00AAPHB2U Acceptable - Not exactly what I pictured. First, I want to say the advertising was accurate. It's just when you see them up close, it's different than seeing a picture on the internet. I expected these to be more like a boot because they are timberlands. In reality, these are closer to shoe. These will pass for dress shoes. That is not exactly what I set out for. I needed a shoe anyhow, so I decided to keep them.
B00AAPHB2U Tough shoe I normally wear a 12 D. I ordered 11.5 ee on this shoe and it fits great.  Shoe feels great. I like the solid feel.
B00ABN8YVS Great Boot Quality shoe. I'm familiar with the brand. My son needs a rugged shoe. Especially when the weather is not as good as it should be.  The fit was spot on. They even fit my daughter.
B00AQLQ05W Cute to Boot! Bought these for my 3 year old.  She looks extremely adorable in these boots! She loves them too! They fit as expected and the only complaint is that its hard to get the shoe string to stay put, but other than that a great shoe!
B00AQNPMGS Great shoe The shoe is a great fit, the price is awesome and looks great,  it actually looks better than the picture.
B00AR3GB9O Bad Service Each individual of the shoe differs from other measurement, the shoe does not match the measurement also and that the shoe both foot left, I did not expect this great imbalance of you, and I can not bring him back to you, because the price of the consignment has cost me a lot, and when you bring it back to you again will cost me more than the price of the shoe.
B00AW7RBGC Gorgeous shoe, very wide ankle opening The shoe was absolutely gorgeous leather, and I loved the color.  However it just wasn't what I was looking for as the ankle opening was absolutely HUGE.
B00AW8JG9G These boots Rock!! The shoe has great style and so comfy. The leather is real which will soften in time. Highly recommend buying this shoe!
B00AZPO1BY News flash...Timberland tries to make a shoe! This is not a shoe.  It's a slab of some eco-friendly material glued to another piece of eco-friendly material.  The bottom of this shoe is completely flat.  That would be fine if either of my feet were as flat as a piece of plywood.  Mine are not, which is similar to most people's feet.  Nice work, Timberland.  Too bad some poor child in some God-forsaken country was &#34;paid' to make this poor excuse for a shoe.
B00AZPO1BY Sole problematic Shoe looks very high quality, appropriate standards.The shoe comes in good packaging, high quality and easy to open.After a few minutes of walking shoe soles started to make noise.It turns out that the sole quality is not good enough.You can not go with a shoe!
B00AZPO1BY Comfortable and true to to size! Its true to size! My husband loves the shoe.  As always, Timberlands have never disappointed me.  Very comfortable and great for long walks around town.  Its his favorite shoe for traveling! Love the roomy toe box, too!
B00AZPO1BY Great design shoe Like the design of the shoe since its a no laces show with i prefer but couldn't give a full stars. It was a bit challenging sliding my feet in but once i got it in. The upper part of the opening shoes, I was feeling a bit of a tight pressure on my ankles. I figure it would lead to unconformable feeling if i wore them to long. So I end up selling to a family friend.
B00AZPO1BY Perfect Casual Work Shoe Very comfortable and stylishly casual. The dark brown is a versatile color that looks true to image provided. A quality shoe that you can tell is well made. True to size.
B00AZPO1BY Handsome Shoe, Poor Fit The shoe is very nice looking, but the top of the left shoes digs into my foot. Not very comfortable to say the least. The right shoe is fine.  I guess I'll work on the shoe and see what happens, but I won't return them as yet.
B00AZPO1BY Love this Timberland - very comfortable Elegant, comfortable, flexible and decent in price. Very nice, non-slip sole, general-purpose - work and casual shoe just for my very liking.
B00AZPO90W Gift for size 12 bought size 11 fit perfectly Excellent shoe, well made, made large, bought size smaller after reading reviews and one size small was perfect.  Rubber soles were not to thick giving the shoe a casual dress felling and look.  Wooden center of sole makes the shoe super supportive and super flexible and a broken in feel as soon as you walk in them.  The color was brown and not the reddish color in the picture.  The toe was slender (not narrow) turning up slightly at the toe also giving a dressier feel  and not a hiker feel.  Definitely a good shoe for the city.  Excellent for casual dress look.  !0+ for comfort and style.  Package arrived super fast!  I recommend this seller.
B00AZPOIF8 Great feel and looks. Not for hard work. Nice for office or every day shoe. Not too heavy, color is good. Great casual shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 Nice looking quality shoe, but runs large This was a quality made shoe that looked great. However I normally wear an 11.5 W when I got these shoes the width fit great but had the length of a size 12. Shipping was prompt and return was without any hassle. So I had a very good experience buying shoes from Amazon and will try to get a shoe in my size in the future.
B00AZPOIF8 Looooong I purchased a 10.5W in brown to wear to work in a business casual environment.  The shoe itself was very nice.  The color was great and the width was perfect however the shoe went at least 4 inches past my big toe.  I always wear a 10.5 shoe and I thought it was really weird that they were so long, I looked like I was wearing nice clown shoes.  Had these been only an inch or two too long I probably would've made it work, but they were so long they were really unwearable and I had to return them.  It is too bad because the shoes looked great, and were otherwise perfect for my purposes.  I hesitated giving them 3 stars instead of 4 because they are nice, but since they were unwearable I had to give 3 stars.
B00AZPOIF8 Great durable shoe This shoe is perfect for me.  The perfect happy balance between casual and dressy and rugged.Timberland is always putting out good-quality products that can stand wear and tear.  This has been my everyday go-to shoe.  Plus the oxford style is very trendy right now.Highly recommend.
B00AZPOIF8 Need a little more foot room Good shoe and is a comfortable. I do have a normal sized foot width. Tight but it works and will stretch. Also not happy Timberland stopped the previous version of this shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 Not bad shoes Good shoe but bit too long end if the shoe, I like the weight and soft leather and the price cause I got deal
B00AZPOIF8 Great Fitting, Classy, Durable, Comfortable Everyday Shoe Been looking for a decent, casual shoe to wear on a daily basis, and came across these on Amazon. Bought these on a hunch, and of course based off of reviews; price wasn't bad either during Amazon's Black Friday deals discount. Definitely very comfortable, soft leather, lightweight shoe. It does however begin to show wear very quickly, pretty much within the first day of use, but it is leather, so that is to be expected. In an effort to keep them looking as new as possible, I just recently purchased the ReviveX Leather Boot Care Kit, which is still on its way. Hence, it remains to be seen if that will be helpful at all.
B00AZPOIF8 Reasonable Price for a Good Shoe Nice casual shoe. Wide width fit great. Looks good and should last awhile. Not for long walks but a good go to work shoe. Outsole looks like it will be good for traction, non-slip.
B00AZPOIF8 Very comfortable shoe Business casual shoe  Bought this for my husband. Not easy to find good selection in wide widths. Never disappointed with Timberland's products.
B00AZPOIF8 Lightweight and Comfortable Very comfortable everyday shoe. I almost forget I'm wearing them.
B00AZPOIF8 timberland tread not up to the task, but the shoe looks pretty good This shoe doesnt live up to the standard of the old timberland shoe i was replacing it with, but if is fair.  The problem is it doesnt seem better than the competitive product that i can get for 1/3 the cost that i can get at a local large store.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great looking shoe Fits well, looks good, and goes well with work and casual clothing. Can't rate the durability as they're still very new.
B00AZPPEQ0 The old version of this shoe is much better. The old version of this shoe is much better in quality and style.  I didn't realize that this was a newer version of the shoe when I ordered it.  The old version is still available.
B00AZPPEQ0 Shoe fitting Maybe just this shoe but they are little long I have worn 8.5 since high school love the shoe but they do seem to sun a little long.
B00AZPPEQ0 A classy shoe This is a good shoe for everyday walking around that has some of the aesthetics of a formal dress shoe.
B00AZPPL7C Narrower than expected Weird, these are a 2E (wide) size yet they are narrower than the D (medium) Timberland Richmont shoe I also recently purchased so BEWARE, these boots are narrower than you think...time for a trip to the shoe repair guy to stretch them out a bit.
B00AZPQV6C Good shoe, I dig it. What drew me to the shoe was the stripped-down styling which is surprisingly difficult to come by in a fall / winter boot (Timberland, is you're reading this, please make them in brown smooth leather!) Overall, the shoe is well crafted, the stitching is solid, and the sole strikes me as durable. The removable insole (great idea to let your boot air out every once in a while) has great cushioning. I've wearing them for about two weeks now and haven't had any trouble with breaking them in and expect them to age nicely, as I'd like to get maximum mileage out of them. I can't even deny it, reading about the shoe's sustainability features made me feel warm and fuzzy inside.Since I've never order boots before, much less Timberlands, I didn't know how to size these when ordering so I got both the 9W and 9.5 sizes. For comparison's sake, I wear a 9.5 Clark Desert Book and the 9W was the most appropriate for my foot size. They are on the snug side with a thicker sock but not wobbly and loose with a thinner one. As someone previously noted, they are long- much longer than my other shoes, but in my opinion aren't out of proportion.As usual Amazon's service was prompt and return of the extra pair was hassle free. The price was much lower than THE other major online shoe retailer and the memorial day promo code was icing on the cake!
B00AZPQV6C Mr. Shoe Love the shoe, although I had to send it back once for a different size. I'm normally a 10.5 in Timberlands, but had to drop to a 10.0 here since the shoe was unquestionably large all around. Even with the size I've settled on, it's getting a bit loose front to back as I wear it in, and the toe is 1/2" longer than it needs to be (easily the longest shoe I have). Regardless, it doesn't end up looking pointy or floppy or anything like that. In fact, it's an overall great shape that balances sleekness with the bulk of your standard boot. I would recommend going 1/2 or a full-size down to start. Hope you like returning things!
B00B0DPJX4 Great shoe except for: This work shoe is very comfortable except for the fact the tongue slips constantly. It's uncomfortable and quite annoying. You would think for the money it would have had a place on the tongue for the laces to go through to keep the tongue from slipping. I just purchased another brand for less than half the money because it does have the loop for the laces on the tongue. I'm hoping they are comfortable.
B00B7GRUKY Very Comfortable Safety Shoe Very comfortable shoe. I have worn all brands over the years and this shoe is in the top 3. Anyone working in the construction section will attest to the fact that steel toe shoes are notoriously uncomfortable. However, this shoe is far improvement in terms of comfort and wearing them for long durations.
B00B7GRUKY handsome looking shoe, wears well a safety toe shoe is required where i work even though i am driving all day...so i was looking for something lightweight and comfortable....this shoe is it....with the wide shoes i buy a half size smaller so it works for me
B00B7GRUKY OK shoe I thought the Timberland brand was going very comfortable.  It is a good looking shoe but it is a chore to wear them all day long.  I needed something for safety but did not want a heavy boot.  Unfortunately know I just have a very heavy shoe that I just really can't wear.
B00B7GRUKY good safety shoe got lots of nice compliments from my co-workers, very comfortable.  knocked it down one star because the esd feature doesn't seem to work with our testers, it was suggested maybe the shoe needs break-in period, been wearing it for awhile no change in the test results.
B00B7GRUKY Great shoe I am wearing them more than I expected! The shoe runs a bit large, maybe a 1/2 size. It looks great! Just like any other boat shoe but is a bit heavier which makes sense with the steel toe. Remember that these are a suede type finish so they can mar and stain easily.
B00B7H5M4O Timberland Pro, there is no better boot, or shoe! I have been wearing Timberland pro products for over 5 years now, and I can honestly tell you I have not found a better wearing more comfortable boot or shoe, and I have tried them all! Keep up the good work Timberland!
B00B7H67E8 work shoe Can't keep the shoe on my foot. The toe insert is not very high up the arch so it tends to feel as though it will fall off when walking. Tried the shoe in 2 sizes but couldn't make it work,
B00B7H74CC Nurse's shoe Excellent shoe for nurses.12 hour shift are not easy. This shoe feels heavy to hold in your handbut when you  put it on it feels light on your feet.
B00B7H74CC The most comfortable shoe Timberland RPO are comfortable, light and easy to clean shoes. The best shoe to have if you're on your feet all day.
B00B7H74CC fit not right one shoe fit, the other did not. the one that fie was comfortable.the shoe looked nice thoughwill have to send back unfortunately
B00B7H74CC Nursing shoe Everyone love this shoe, my only problem was the insole so I took them out, well worth the money. Also easy to clean
B00B7H7M4C love my shoes! Fit perfectly. Very nice looking shoe. I've had many compliments. Timberlands are the only shoe  that I wear to work. I am a nurse, so comfort is a must.
B00B82674M Great shoe however fits small getting them on is a ... Great shoe however fits small getting them on is a monster. After they are on shoe wears great they adjust to you
B00B82674M Very cozy The shoe laces are elastic so they are essentially a slip on shoe. They fit a little snug at first but seem to be loosening up quite nicely. Very sharp and can be worn dressed up or down. Shoe seems to be made or quality material, however I feel as though they can stain very easily. Very comfortable platform to walk in.
B00B82677E The shoe looks great and is well made but slides a little up ... The shoe looks great and is well made but slides a little up and down as I walk in them.
B00B83W7W2 Light, airy and comfortable I use it as a casual street walking shoe as I would prefer something that's heavier duty for hiking. The sole construction is stiff and solid enough, however the mesh uppers would not give as much protection from scuffles against rocks and stones. That being said, its excellent as a casual shoe, with great design, form, colour and comfort.
B00B83W7W2 Comfortable shoe but narrow in the heel Good shoe for the $50-60 range but I would not pay more for it. The fit in the front half of the shoe is good, a bit narrow in the heel. Sometimes feel like I am not stepping down straight on the heel. I don't notice it once I am wearing it for a while. Very light weight but I would not use this for working out, hiking, etc.
B00B9PJBDC Great Shoe.  Very comfortable. Awesome shoe.  Very comfortable. Fits perfect. Love the deep brown color. Very stylish and very practical. I would definitely recommend.
B00B9PS9VC shoes The fit is great extra cushion in the heel expect to wear them often with the expandable shoe string don't have to tie the shoe.
B00B9Q34Y8 Wonderful shoe! I needed a pair of low cut waterproof, cold weather shoes. The price was right so I ordered them. I have worn them for a few weeks and I am delighted by fit, and the low weight. Timberland makes a fine shoe.
B00B9Q5M16 Comfortable shoe The delivery was very good and the shoe fits exactly as it should.  My husband wears a 10 M and it fits just right.  He didn't have any problems with blisters or anything that you can get from new shoes.  So the sizing is reliable for American sizes.  And the shoe appears to be very well made.
B00B9Q5M16 Quality Shoe at a Good Price I have been wearing this style of shoe by Timberland for a number of years. For a casual shoe, it is perfect for my needs. It looks like a classic, wears well and fits my foot perfectly. Hopefully, they will continue to manufacture this for the foreseeable future.
B00B9Q5M16 Buy These and Take Them to a Shoe Shop if you want to keep them. I just got in my new shoes and upon tieing the laces they BOTH broke right away. I shortened one and retied it but it then broke. I have other shoe laces and thought I would just put in new laces since I like the shoe look and fit..then I realized the lace goes all around the shoe and through several shoe lace interior channels. After some recsearch I found it is best to take these to a shoe shop for quality new laces to be installed properly. Since they are not cheap ($125) I did not think I should have to go to that hassle or expense for new shoes and returned them for credit. I also wondered how the rest of the shoe would hold up if the laces broke on the first time of wearing them.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice boots! This shoe size is appropriate, this is for my wife to buy a wedding anniversary gift 5, she was very satisfied.This shoe leather craft well, but its thermal properties of snow boots somewhat less than professional point of high prices, it is recommended
B00BCJV7J6 Great shoe!!!! Great Shoe!!!! I couldn't decide between two different boots.  So glad I choose this one.  It is so comfortable I can wear it for hours.  Lightweight yet warm.  Definitely would recommend this.  Also the purple mixed in makes it look appealing to females.  Love it!!!!
B00BCJXLHW my daughter loves them! just as said.,....great shoe.
B00BCJXLHW Boots! I looked all over town for a shoe store carrying Timberlands for women and couldn't find any. THESE are what I was looking for.
B00BF9PSUC great buy thumbs up I bought this shoe for my girlfriend and she told it fit very comfortable. She loved the shoe would buy again
B00DYQP7NM This is a great shoe Based on prior experience with Timberland I went up a hal size from my usual size 7 and got the 7.5 wide. the fit was perfect. I was looking for a shoe for work and for running around and unfortunately the shoe looked a little causal for work. I returned it.
B00DYQRLGS I love this shoe! Great quality for the money! I have never tried the Timberland brand and was so pleased when the shoe arrived and fit so nicely. I have already worn these shoes to work and they are comfortable, too!
B00E41SQIO Nice looking shoe but ripped up my back heel Giving this shoe 2 stars because it looks nice and the price was reasonable. Unfortunately this particular shoe completely tore up the back of my heels and doesn't feel comfortable.I have what I consider pretty standard feet so I was surprised that after just two days I had to stop wearing these. I've never tried Timberlands before so I'm not sure if it's the brand or my foot. I do know that I have half a dozen other comparable brands similar to this and none of them have had any issues.
B00E41SQIO Amazing work shoe! Easily the most comfortable work shoe i have owned. Feels almost like a sneaker but definitely looks good enough to wear to the office. Would recommend to anyone.
B00E41UGSC Land of timber I rate this as a five because its the most versatile walker borderline casual upscale ive come across. You know that feeling when you put on a shoe of good quality and its sturdy yet comfortable of the best materials and fits perfectly? Slip this sleek baby of a shoe on a feel it!I like this shoe because as a 25 y/o male. Im looking to not wear tennis shoes so much. I need something that sets me apart from others my age or simply puts me above the average in general. I think people subconsciously judge others shoes. So while i want to have a respectable look i also dont want to look like im going to church or like im trying too hard to be stylish. That or well anything too shiny or overly stylistic. These shoes mix and match the top full grain leather moc toe style of a dress shoe with a large stylized elastic band giving way to the slip on bottom with a large unique grippy sole. The proportions are perfect. Not too dressy. Not too casual.One thing i dislike is that when i got the light brown shoe it seemed clean however after a day or two i notice some dark marks on the top of the shoe. Its more noticeable and widespread in the sunlight. Im not so sure i did this as im very careful with new shoes and the marks simply dont rub off. I dont know what kind of things i could have done to it that would leave permanent yet subtle marks.I would recommend this as a walking shoe as listed or a daily wear and in both occasions to set you apart by demanding unassuming attention.
B00E41Y0E8 Great shoe for a great price! It met the description. it looked good and felt great. I believe this shoe will have durability. I would recommend it to another buyer.
B00E41Y0E8 very comfortable I was very surprised by how comfortable this shoe was.  I have gotten a lot of positive feedback about this shoe and it looks great with my jeans and everyday pants.  They are very light on your feet for those who walk a lot and it gives you a spring in your step.  I think I will buy one of the other colors available because I like them that much
B00E41Y0E8 Your search for the perfect work/casual shoe has ended These are the perfect casual boot. I have worn them with khaki pants and with a variety of jeans (Levi's ,true religion). They offer long lasting comfort at work as I stand for most of my 8 hour shift. I have easily gotten the most compliments for these shoes and I plan on getting the other color. They run big because the 11.5  ordered easily fits like a 12. I put a custom sole ( more cushion) and a crease protector in the shoe and I still have room. If I wasn't using a crease protector in the shoe I would absolutely have ordered a half size down (absolutely I say ).
B00E41ZKZQ A Great Casual Shoe. The thing that I liked about these shoes at first was the really primitive or rustic look, kind of primitive chic. They kind of reminded me of something you may have found with Otzi the Iceman. I wear them  mostly with levis and it looks good. The fit is just a tiny bit larger than normal but I like it. The shoe is so comfortable, even though it's a leather shoe it feels like a slipper. There's a good arch support. I had absolutely no break-in, right out of the box feeling good. The shoe laces don't come untied, tie once and forget it. I haven't had a pair of shoes or laces in years that didn't require double knots or constant adjustment so this feature is kind of a strange treat. I'm totally satisfied with these shoes.
B00EALTP4M Great looking shoe My other Timberland nursing shoes were the size I ordered but for some reason these fit a bit tighter that I usually wear. I get lots of compliments on this shoe. But all in all, a great shoe for the money.
B00EALTP4M PERFECT FIT... I've never brought a shoe online before.  To my surprise, the quality of the shoe is better than any I've purchased in retail stores.
B00H46N3TI More sock needed on the heel. Nice material, but the heel portion slid inside the shoe. After 15 minutes, had to take shoe off to pull sock back on heel, only to slide off again.
