B00009WM7J Awesome shoes! Daughter loves these shoes. she has a wide foot and has trouble finding shoes that fit well and these are perfect. She has worn them straight away and no complaints about sore feet. You have to love that! Love timberland shoes and these are great quality.
B00009WM7J Thanks a lot!!! Thanks a lot!!! Good brand, good shoes, I like it very much! Classic shoes, I recomendate this item to my friends!
B00009WM7J Shoes fit great. The shoes fit perfectly. Shipping was a little to slow. I didn't need the shoes quickly, but  that was the only problem I had.
B00009WM7J Uncomfortable Size is good, but not very comfortable shoes, also many like to wear for some time.We recommend that you buy
B00009WMIH A very bad purchase I hate the boots!  I purchased a pair for $110 in October of 2012.  After a couple of days the shoes started to squeak progressively getting louder.  Regardless of the floor surface; carpet, concrete, or grass the boots would squeak getting louder and louder.  It got to be a joke at work because people could hear me coming several offices away.I called Timberland and stated my problem with the shoes and they gave me an RMA number to return the shoes and requested a letter stating the problem.  I wrote the letter including all contact information and sent the boots back to Timberland insured and return receipt requested at a cost of $15.Thanksgiving goes by, then Christmas, then New Years with no word about my shoes.  Finally after New Years I called and gave them the RMA number and they stated they would replace the shoes.  A week later I received a new pair of shoes from Timberland.  I wore them for a week then they started squeaking again.  I am out $125 dollars and all I have to show for it is a pair of shoes that make a lot of noise.
B0000AFSX4 change because he is not may size i want other shoes and i don't like this shoes sorry i want change
B0000AFSX4 Good shoes This pair of shoes fits really good with 24 month girl. kind of heavey for her i suppose, but looks really great
B0000AFSX4 Exactly what the little guy needed What can I say great shoes and a competitive price.  These shoes take the rough beating that a toddler can levy on shoes.  They look great and are easy to clean given they are waterproof.
B0000DFAXV Not What I Had Hoped For I really wanted to like these shoes, and bought them in my favorite color.  I own other Timberland shoes that I love, but these are a disappointment.  I do not like them at all, and I am returning them.The leather is dry feeling instead of supple.  The tongue cut into the top of my ankle; I'm not sure if this is because it was cut too long, or if it was because the leather is too rough.  In order to walk around with the shoes on, I had to unlace the top two holes and bend the tongue back.  The bottom of this shoe is clunky.  The inside sole was hard and not giving as well as loose; maybe an easy fix, I don't know.  They are not comfortable.
B0001CNJ9Q Cutest shoes ever! I purchased these shoes for my son and he looks so freaking cute in them! He usually kicks off his shoes but since these are high tops, it's a bit impossible for him! We love them!
B0002RDYMC timberland euro hiker boot,tan very fast shippping..so great i have this shoes for my 4 yrs old son...like the color and the shoes..wanna buy some more shoe like this sooner..great product..very comfortable to his feet,as if he dont want to take  off  the shoes..love it that much.................................happy shopping
B0007T64VI Love these shoes! I ordered (and received) these hiking shoes only a few days before a week-long walking trip.  I was nervous about not having time to &#34;break them in&#34; before my trip, so I wore them around the house all day for a couple of days before my trip.  Then on my trip I walked 3-5 miles daily for a week.  I had ZERO break-in problems with them, they were comfortable right out of the box.  I can also attest to their excellent waterproofing as I accidentally had to walk through a 3-inch deep puddle and although my pants around my shoes were soaked, not one drop got into my shoes and my feet stayed warm and dry.  I'm very pleased with these shoes and looking forward to continuing to wear them on all my trips this summer.
B0007T64VI PERFECT !! Not only and as expected are these boots super quality, but they also fit perfectly. I hardly ever find shoes that I can wear and don't need to break them in, but so far Timberland has been a truly great experience! Shoes to fit to size, don't run too small or large.Totally recommended!!
B000AKVA6I Be wary of fit Was wary of ordering shoes online. They are good quality and well made but seem a bit big. I suppose it a difference in manufacturer. I won't ever order shoes online again.
B000AKVBCQ Extremely Nice, and Comfortable I bought these shoes for work.  Unfortunately, they didn't fit my foot well and I had to return them.  I was really disappointed - they were very nice, light and airy, and well-ventilated.  But I have super-wide mutant feet and the steel toe cap was too narrow for my toes.That is just one of the hazards about buying shoes without being able to try them on first.  If you are one of the lucky people who has no problems buying shoes right off the shelf - you will really like these shoes.
B000AKVBCQ Great, Comfortable Shoes! These Timberland shoes are very light and comfortable for being safety steel toed shoes. A coworker purchased these shoes several years ago and would say how great they were. I wish I would have bought them back then, they have worked great for me.
B000AKVBCQ Been using these shoes for years! This is probably the 3rd pair of these shoes of worn out. They are a great combination of comfort and safety with the steel toe protection.As a printer, I spend all day on my feet running a press, and these shoes keep my feet well ventilated and comfortable.
B000AKVBCQ Great shoes Love these shoes, they quit making them for a while but are available again, lots of great features and are comfortable. The foot bed is a little bit hard, wear gel inserts and there perfect. I wear a 1/2 size smaller in these than other shoes.
B000AKVBCQ The shoe feels great, but quality a question. These shoes are among the most comfortable shoes that I have purchased in recent years. I have large wide feet (13 Wide) and it's difficult to find shoes for me that I like.However, they have 2 problems:1.) Made in China, as most things are these days.2.) The rubber started separating from one shoe after one week of wear. Not a big problem for me since I always has epoxy around home. I simply glued it back together with epoxy and a couple of clamps.Update April 1, 2013:Now I have been wearing these shoes for nearly a month. They are extremely comfortable walking shoes. They have good traction in snow and on most surfaces. Nor do they seem to slip much on ice.The only problem was mention above where the rubber sole on one shoe started to come apart. I fixed it with a liberal amount of boat building type epoxy, which has held. No problems with the opposite shoe, and no other problems since.I am a heavy person with large wide feet. These shoes are among the most comfortable shoes that I have had in recent years. The steel toe is extra security for my feet.Update September 4, 2013I wear these shoes every day. They are the most comfortable work or walking shoe that I own.I just upgraded them to 4 stars because of that.But they are definitely not a 5 star shoe because of their quality control. As I mentioned before, one of the shoes had the sole come loose shortly after I purchased it. I glued that shoe back together again with a good quality epoxy. No problems since then, and I like these shoes.
B000AKVBCQ Very comfortable Great product.  The shoes are just what I was looking for.  They fit good and are very comfortable.  When I need another pair I will buy another pair of these shoes.
B000AKVBFI I like the shoes Greetings I am from Ecuador and I like shoes boots type is the first time I buy this brand and I really loved the clothing and the material is seen as virtually the sole is very comfortable the leather is not know I had metal in the tip of the shoe but I see no objection at the time of walking
B000AKVBFI I like the shoes Overall, this pair of shoes is very good, very good protection for the feet. just a little bit heavy.Although the purchase of some of the problems, but the site in a timely manner to solve a, the next will continue to the Amazon shopping&#12290;
B000AKVBFI The shoes aren't bad however... When I first got these shoes I was really concerned about the fit. They were correctly sized but fet really tight on the sides. I have never had good luck with shoes wearing in to become comfortable when starting out with them this tight. I literally thought I would be running home mid-day to change my shoes but tried it anyway. It worked. They felt tight most of the morning but gradually loosened up. I wear them everday(about a month now) and don't even have to think about the fit. They have great traction and ventilation so no complaints about that. The only issue is the lace eyes.(zoom in if you can) Notice that they resemble webbing material. Since the strings are kind of short that come with the shoes they easily come out of the eye and are tedious to get re-laced. Yeah, yeah I can buy longer laces but regardless, i've already decided that these shoes have a poor design for lacing eyes and I suspect that next issue will be either the eyes will cut the laces or the laces will be cutting the eyes. Granted this is still speculation, but I still expect this will be a problem.  However it shakes out if I manage to get a year out of these I'd say they were worth the money. Normally I buy either Redwings or Wolverines which are generally twice the cost but the look and the price got me to try these out this time. If they start falling apart on me in less than a year it'll be back to the tried and true.
B000AKVBFI Great Shoes I have worn this shoe for the past 3 years.  Every year when it is time to get new shoes these are the shoes I pick every time.
B000AL1F0S best workboots I think these are the most comfortable work shoes made. I bought them as winter shoes but wear them year round.
B000B2G1MI Great shoes! Our kids have both had these shoes twice and they are great. They really make a difference in steep slippery or sandy terrain (with normal sneakers both of them would slip all the time). Good, high quality shoes great for outdoors.
B000BB15ZC Most Comfortable Shoes Ever This is hands down the most comfortable shoes that i have ever own.  I loved them so much that i bought a second pair.  I wear these every day for work.  Only down side would be is that the laces tend to shred after a while from tying the laces.  I wrote to timberland and they sent me a few more laces.  I hope they dont ever stop making these shoes.
B000BB15ZC Nice Shoe as Expected I must be one of those who will wear a 10 1/2 or 11 depending on style.  My old Timberland shoes were 10 1/2 and this style ran slightly smaller on me.  I love that the soles are soft and easy on the back.  Shoes are light.  My old shoes are coming apart at the seams but I still wear them for work.  The soles look the same style and my old ones show no signs of wear.  I hope these shoes give me the same service
B000BB15ZC Very comfortable & durable These shoes are used exclusively when I go hiking. My last hike was over the most rugged terrain that I have experience. It rained and hailed. All through out the hike my feet were comfortable, the shoes handled the rugged and sometimes slippery conditions with ease and my feet remained dry.  These shoes were one of my better purchases made for the outdoors.
B000BB15ZC Best Hiker/Work shoes ever! I look long and hard before buying shoes.  I wear a size 14 extra wide so weight is always an issue.  These shoes are so light and comfortable I wear them at work.  They get great traction, are waterproof and very light, what else could a person want.
B000BB15ZC poor quality shoes Hi, I bought you a pair of shoes Timberland Men's Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker. I've been wearing the shoes almost two months and already are damaged.I never checked the quality of the shoes, only I've been wearing the shoes.The damages the shoes are some holes in the seam of the fabric, I think you have sent to me poor quality shoes.I am in Venezuela and I've wearing this type shoes made here and they not have nothing damaged like the ones you sent to me.How could I solve this send of a poor quality shoes?Timberland Men's Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker
B000BB15ZC great shoes! I got these shoes as a gift for my brother who is serving a 2 year mission in a central america country. He has use and abused these shoes by walking at least 10 hrs everyday, sometimes even through the jungle. He reports that the shoes are still holding strong and have protec his feet from a very rainy season
B000BB15ZC Excellent shoes for everything This is not the first pair I have bought and these shoes are just as good as I expect them to be.  I know they are made for hiking, but I used them for that and everything else and have no complaints whatsoever.  Be this rain, snow, wind or even the scorching sun of summer, these shoes keep my feet comfortable.  They are not too bulky, the laces are long enough and look great with jeans.  The padded ankle and tongue add comfort to the shoe so that, even when the shoes are new, they don't produce any pressure points that could develop blisters.  Also the sole absorbs shocks really well.
B000BB15ZC Satisfied! Fist pair of shoes I bought from amazon and these shoes lived up to the reputation of Timberlands.  The boots are very comfortable!
B000BB15ZC Amazing hiking shoes!!! I couldn't find these shoes to try on locally, so I was a very hesitant to purchase these through Amazon, but I went with it because of all the other reviews. I'm glad I did! What a great pair of hiking shoes!!! I've now taken it through the muddiness of Breakneck Ridge, the rocks of Mount Elbert, and the notorious weather of Mount Washington. Held up like a champ the entire time. Even with Super Feet added, they're so unbelievably lightweight and comfortable. These are the best pair of shoes I've ever owned. I'm actually thinking of buying another pair just in case Timberland for some reason stops making them at some point. I would highly recommend this item, I absolutely love them!
B000BB15ZC Beautiful shoes! Beautiful shoes! Super !Meet the dimensions specified by the manufacturer.PS Why write a lot of words to say about the quality of the product?
B000BFIHVS It's SO Comfortable for my Achilles Tendon! I tore my achilles almost 2 years ago.And finding good fitting shoes is always a challenge (if anyone can recommend a good sneaker/casual shoe I'd really appreciate it!). These boots are so comfortable, I don't have to add anything to them. I have been wearing them for a few weeks now, and all-day I am up running around (high school Chemistry teacher), and they have been great to wear! The insole is so supportive. And they look great too! I am usually a 10 in regular shoes, and a 9.5 in dress shoes, and the 10 was too large, but the 9.5 fits so perfectly! I love them!!I would say if you are in between sizes, size down to the smaller size. The fit will probably be better!THESE ARE SO FREAKING GREAT!!Now does Timberland make some casual shoes with the same support?
B000BFIHVS Great shoes and price Bought the same shoes for three years (one every year) now.  Awesome shoe with best price.  Used everyday for work and lasts the whole year.
B000BFIHVS VERY NICE! Its the 2 par of this shoes, that we bought, The first was to my husband , and this are to my son.this shoes are excellent!VERY CONFORTABLES!
B000BFIHVS Crap... absolute crap Yup. You read the title right.I spent a whole weekend wearing wet shoes because I walked over a patch of wet grass while hiking.They leak terribly and if you're looking for good shoes to hike in the stay away from these.On the side where the gray rubber meets the leather I now have a gap. All around on both shoes.It took all of 4 days of light hiking for this to happen.So all in all they are crap, poorly made and a big waste of your money.
B000BFIHVS GREAT SHOES comfortable and durable shoes , well worth the money
B000BFIHVS Most comfortable shoes I own I've had 3 pair of these shoes over the years.  I wear them every day, and use them rough.  More comfortable than any tennis shoes I own, and best pair of hiking/working boots I've owned.
B000BFIHVS I love these shoes! My experience with Timberland shoes has been nothing but positive, and my experience with this purchase was no exception. The shoes are sturdy, comfortable and provide great traction. I live in the Midwest and these shoes hold up well regardless of the weather conditions. I know these shoes are meant for hiking, but they really are my go to shoes for any occasion.
B000BFIHVS so comfortable ! these shoes r so good to wear they r great fitting ...luv the traction on these shoes ! might get another pair when they go on ....SALE !!!!!
B000BFIHVS Good buy.. I'm very happy with the shoes - they're very comfortable and I'm sure I can walk miles in it. Tying shoelaces can be quite tricky though - not so a bit of a hassle for those Malaysians who tend to take off their shoes quite a bit.
B000BFIHVS Great shoes I bought these shoes for a trip to Machu Picchu, where it rains a lot. Boy did they come in handy. They not only kept my feet dry but very comfortable. The shoes are great!
B000BFIHVS The Perfect Boot Although we were hesitant to buy a pair of shoes online, my husband is so happy we did! He's never had a pair of shoes that he loves-he usually just tolerates wearing shoes. But man oh man, these things are incredible! He never wants to take them off. They're very well made, waterproof, and comfortable. They fit perfectly (we ordered his normal size). Plus, the price on amazon is awesome.
B000BFIHVS Shoes like they are supposed to be made They might be from China, but these will outlast most of the disposable shoes sold today. Nice oiled leather, heavy stitching, and hardware that doesn't break. I have a very wide foot so I frequently buy shoes a couple sizes too large. These fit so comfortably, I returned the first pair I ordered (too large, my fault) for a correct size.Being that they are heavily constructed, they will need some breaking in, and they won't be all cushy like some of the tennis-shoe type of hiking boots. But they will last long after all those cheap ones have fallen apart.
B000BFIHVS Looks great! The size my husband usually wear is 10 and I choose 10 W for him since this shoes are kind of narrow style.It turns out that the shoes fit perfectly.Very good price and great quality.
B000BFIHVS These shoes are very light and comfortable These shoes are very well made. Size exactly as I expected. Size 10 perfect for me in several Timberland`s models. You know in Russia quite dirty and very long nasty weather. Wearing them a couple of times, I realized that this is something that is necessary for the cold, ice and mud.
B000BFIHVS awasome shoes fit as expected, very confortable, great price.. love the shoes I think these will be my new favorites for a while
B000BFIHVS Great boots so far! Just got these, only worn them for one hike so far. My feet are generally very picky when it comes to shoes (i have plantar fasciitis), and these shoes were comfortable! They did not aggravate my plantar fasciitis, which was amazing. I hosed my shoes down after the hike and my socks did not get wet.
B000BFIHVS Shoe is falling apart after 4 days of use. I have gone hiking twice with these shoes and worked in them two days. I bought these shoes in April and they are already falling apart. These are the worst shoes I have every had and I can easily say that Timberland will never see a dime of my money ever again.Awful shoes.
B000BFIHVS Great Shoes I have been looking for a replacement pair of these shoes and am very happy with the new replacement pair. Comfortable and great. Thanks.
B000BFIHVS Excellent pair of shoes Awesome pair of shoes, I loved it, better than any other kind of shoes. happy with the price and shoes.
B000BFIHVS Shoes I find these boots to be well made and very comfortable. I would hihly recommend them
B000BFIHVS Great shoes, great price. I wear these shoes for walking.  They are very comfortable and look nice.  I am considering purchasing another pair to wear on my ranch.  Highly recommended.
B000BFIHVS Still early days but like them so far. I got this pair of shoes about a week ago and have been wearing them daily. They are true to size and really comfortable. But the true test will be when it starts snowing - one of the primary reasons I bought these shoes. I will update the post once I have used them for a few days in snow. All in all, pretty happy with them so far.
B000BFIHVS Can Take Some Serious Punishment These shoes are fantastic and I use them a lot to walk the dog. The rubber sole really can deal with anything from icy surfaces to those mud covered rocks which can be really slippery. But I am glad to day these shoes have served me well so well that I have just bought another par as the other pair was past its best.  That said, they had lasted me three years and they had been used so often.They are very comfortable shoes and can take some serious punishment. My dog and I walk for miles every day across some serious terrain and one day t could be wet the next muddy and the following day icy.I can highly recommend these shoes to the outdoors type, especially those who lead a really active life. My wife and children are they rock climbing types and these shoes are great for that, however, my wife insists that I take them off at some point and draws the line at me wearing them out in town.
B000BFIHVS Great Buy I like them so much I just bought my 3rd pair. I am a delivery driver for UPS so I am on my feet alot. These shoes will last 2 to 3 times longer for me than tennis shoes. They are so comfortable I find myself wearing them on weekends too. Great job Timberland!
B000BFIHVS Same fit as other Timberland shoes The shoes fit well and appear to be well made, I would give them five but I haven't had the chance to see how they hold up to use over time.
B000BFIHVS THEY'RE GREAT!!!! EVERYTHING WAS RIGHT ABOUT THESE SHOES, THE PRICE, THE FIT, THE LOOK AND THEY CAME ON TIME. :-)  I WOULD RECOMMEND BUYING THESE SHOES.
B000BFIHVS Buy at your own risk Bought this shoes back in November of 2013. needless to say they fell apart by the end of May. need not say anymore, product lacks quality, I am 5'5&#34; and weigh 150lbs, I am a mechanic and although the shoes are comfortable they are not good quality shoes.
B000BFIHVS The best leather shoes I had in a long time I am very picky about shoes and have somewhat wider feet. These shoes just took a few days to break in and since then (as someone else also said) they fit like a glove. Very good support and padding for long walks.
B000BFIHVS Perfect fit I wear these shoes only 11 days. First impressions:these shoes are very comfortable and they are lightweightI recommend their
B000BFIHVS It looks a litter bit large Shoes are very beautiful!A little bit big for the shoes.This is a Waterproof shoes&#12290;I love it very much!
B000C2EU2K Great shoes I only have them for a few days but really enjoy them...comfortable and looks great. Easy to get on/off which is why I wanted low back shoes. Also saved quite a bit of money with this vendor. They arrived very quickly.
B000FX9A5S shoes are very nice i think if get a half size bigger~the shoes will be super for me&#12290;but any way~i like it so much&#12290;
B000G1Z9XG Great shoes! Perfect for cold weather, any type of weather and for high traffic work. Shipment was very fast and shoes fit perfectly.
B000G21BSC Timberland Hiking Shoes The shoes are very comfortable--no break-in period.  I thought the shoes run small.  I typically wear a size 7 but needed a 7.5.  After 10 - 15 minutes of walking through wet grass, my shoes leaked.  I have used a waterproofing agent on the boots and am hoping for good results.
B000G21BSC Tibmerland Whiteledge Excellent shoes.  Withstood the snow in Tahoe this past March.  Very stiff at first.  Took about 2 days for me to break into these shoes before they were comfortable enough for me to wear everyday. I typically wear a size 7 jogging/walking shoes and the size 7 Timberland Whiteledge that I purchased were a perfect fit...even with thick socks.  This is my second pair of Timberland Waterproof boots.
B000G21BSC Great Shoes I wore these hiking the other day and they were great. The fit was perfect. Comfortable shoes. Would recommend highly.
B000G21BSC Comfortable shoes I can wear all day I wasn't sure how comfortable these shoes would be so I was pleasantly surprised to find them to be very comfortable and light!!  I wore them all day to wear them in and found them easy to walk in.  These shoes were a great deal.
B000G23DQK Saved $50 The shoes are durable and comfortable I couldn't ask for better quality. However, they do stain easily so be careful with them if you want the shoes to remain looking good,
B000G23DQK This pair of shoes has a good quality, but the shoes are very rough This pair of shoes and I love to hate, because the quality of the shoes is very good, can also be waterproof.I received it but found a 5 inch crack leather.Seems to be human.
B000G23DQK 10061&#65292;Classic shoes 10061&#65292;classic shoes&#65292;needless to say too much,i think everyone deserves to have a pair of this shoes&#12290;Waterproof, resist the cold&#12290;beginning to wear this pair of shoes, it's  uncomfortable.but&#65292;Wearing a few weeks later,the shoes are a perfect fit.
B000G23DQK THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST OBJECT THAT I'VE EVER PUT ON MY FOOT THEY SMELL REALLY GOOD AND I THINK I AM GOING TO BY 6 MORE PAIRS SO I HAVE ONE FOR EACH DAY OF THE WEEK. I LIKE THESEA LOTYAYYY SHOESSSSS.I ALSO REALLY LIKE THAT I CAN BUY 2 RIGHT SHOES AT A TIME BECAUSE I HAVE 2 RIGHT FEET AND THIS IS REALLY CONVENIANT FOR MY FOOT DILEMA.
B000G23DQK Great shoes It is a great shoes. It suits me. However, it is quite heavy for me in the first time I try.I think that people are going to get used to it because the quality of Timberland makes it worth
B000G23DQK nice goods when I received shoes, I found there was a blot in tongue. I try to clear it used the eraser, but I failed.But it doesn't matter, I think the shoes would be dirty soon......................
B000G23DQK Great shoes Great shoes,easy to match my levis jeans. I was a little disappointed at the begining because it hurt my side of feet sometimes.But when your feet get along with this shoes ,the pain may disappear.Now I have great walking experience everyday and it keep my feet warm .
B000G23X74 solekool By far these are the softess premium leather shoes I have worn on my feet this summer. The color is unmatchable. Its olive and goes with my apparel. These are great shoes and they feel so good I can't compare them to other soft shoes I have worn. In fact these shoes are very special. If you want shoes that you can consider special, Then these are the shoes for you. I love em and wow... what a feel...
B000G23X74 Excelent shoes it was all I was expecting to get of this shoes, very comfortable and fits great...in resume it was an awesome buy
B000G24LJS Best Shoes Ever!!! I will recommend these shoes to everybody. The leather smells so good. The Shoe is comfortable !!!You can wear it with Jeans, Cargo pants, even wearing casual clothes.
B000G24LJS Love my shoes I love these shoes, they are comfy and sporty.  Well at least they work with a lot of the causal clothes I have.  This was a good buy from a proven company.
B000G24LJS My Very Best All-Around Shoes These Timberland classic shoes are the best all-around shoe purchase I've made in years. They go great with jeans, casual dress slacks, and are great commuter shoes. Trust me, these shoes are genuinely TOUGH, durable and very-very comfortable to wear for hours &#8212; perfect for every kind of city or country terrain, rain, snow or shine. I like them so much, I keep my set of wooden shoe trees in them to maintain the shape, and help the leather breathe better. These are my perfect walk and wear anywhere-anytime shoes. I'm now going to buy a black pair for certain. Yes, they do wear and work very well on slippery boats and at the beach too. These Timberlands aren't your usual disposable shoes. Spend a little now, and get your money's worth in long comfortable wear.
B000G24LJS My classic shoes This is my classic casual shoes..... one of this par shoes is all time in my closet. Fit very well with jeans or Khakis. For go around or work.The comfort with or with out socks is nice. The only concern is that i have to wait few years to buy another Timberland par shoes because the quality is insuperable and not damaged very fast.Thanks,
B000G24LJS Great pair of shoes ! I purchased these shoes a couple of weeks ago and love them ! not only for their comfort but they are very stylish and live up to the Timberland reputation. I plan on buying my son a pair for Christmas as he really liked them also ! I would have to give them a rating no less than A+ .A beautiful shoe at a great price .
B000G24LJS Fashionable ruggedness This is the second pair of 3-eye Lug Boat shoes I've purchased. These shoes are made to last. Best feature is that they're not made in China, they're made in neighbouring Hati, a country whose economy can appreciate the business!
B000G24LJS Timberland Shoes I have owned three different pairs of this shoe, and other Timberland shoes.  Once you break them in, they are as comfortable on my feet as any shoe I have ever owned.  They hold up well and look nice wherever you go.  Very nice shoes.
B000G24LJS Class quality shoes, love the colour. Those are classic quality shoes that I have found extremely convenient. When traveling for 2-3 days with only a backpack that holds all my clothes and the laptop, this is the only shoes I need.I've ordered from shoemania.com through amazon and all went well.
B000G24LJS Most comfortable boat shoes I've ever owned. These shoes are quality, quality, quality.  Have worn them virtually every day I can, and w/o socks.  They are my favorite shoe to wear anywhere. Very tough exterior that hold up to moisture well.
B000G24LJS Love the shoes but... I've worn these shoes for several decades and love them. The problem I'm having is actually not with the shoes but with the order fulfillment process. I order the shoes, I get the shoes, but they're never the right size - I order the w i d e size, which for some reason, I have to keep sending back and then reordering only to have to send them back again. Customer service is great but I can't imagine anyone makes a dime off the shoes I order.
B000G24LJS Very good shoes I have been wearing these for a month now. I love their look, their reddish brown colour, and they are comfortable. They also look rather well built and sturdy, although I've only had them for a while and I can't tell for sure. I almost feel like buying a backup pair of these shoes, because I have trouble finding shoes in my own country, Switzerland (size 14 US), and they were 240 USD here, so even with transport and taxes, they end up much cheaper sent with Amazon than in any Swiss shop.
B000G24LJS It works for dressing both up and down!! I bought this shoes at 90 something dollar. At first, the shoes werent that fit my feet but I order the same size as one of my nike sneakers. Maybe the size varies across brand? But all of my family and friends like this pair of shoes. I kept wearing it for a few days. The shoe's material is soften, which is much more comfortable than the beginning. Its a great pair of shoes. Its also very easy to match with jeans or black pants and shirt.
B000G24LJS New Shoes A great product! I all ready new this item and I'm aware that Timberland is a very good brand. The shoes are comfortable and will be even more comfortable as they aged.
B000G24LJS CLASSIC TIMBERLAND TIMBERLAND 3 EYE CLASSIC LUG BOAT SHOES HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY FAVOURITE SHOE FOR ALL OCCASIONS.THIS IS MY 2ND LUG BOAT SHOES IN 8 YEARS
B000G24LJS i need change my shoes The shoes are too large can you change I need sizes 7 how can I do for change the sizes
B000G24LJS new york state tour director these are premium mens shoes.there well built,very HIGH QUALITY MATERIALS.there made to LAST FOR YEARS.they have a very good sole on them.i,ve purchased shoes similar to these,with rubber? type of soles and the cold will penetrate and cause your feet to get cold.NOT THESE !!GREAT SHOE FOR WEARING YEAR ROUND !!
B000G24LJS Excellent all round Very attractive shoes the build quality is just unbelievable  fits perfect and look good all the time i have been ask every time  i wear it wear i bought those shoes they are attractive and very masculine its an old time classic glad i found them in the timberland brand
B000G24LJS great shoes very comfortable and fashionable shoes, I wear this model for about 20 years. thank you for the opportunity, would recommend
B000G24LJS Very nice! My husband loves these shoes.  They work well with jeans, or with khakis for a nice dinner out or special event when classic dress shoes are just a bit too much.  Timberland is a great brand, and they are known for ruggedness and wear.  These are his go to shoes for everything that his work shoes or tennis shoes just don't pair with.  Fit well, and are very well made.
B000G24LJS Love these clunky shoes I first became aware of Timberland's 3-eye lug boat show 30 years ago. I currently have four pairs in various stages of wear. This version, with the light-colored sole, is my favorite - though the darker leather, black sole variation is virtually identical in fit and durability. I wear mainly Levi 501s with a blazer or a jacket. Darker, newer jeans to business events, faded jeans to less formal outings. The Timberland shoes are the perfect complement. They are the only shoes I've ever worn that folks comment on or compliment.
B000G24LJS Best Shoes Ever! I really don't know why they called Boat Shoes, they are great all around, good looking leather shoes.  The lug soles are good on the lawn, on sand & the woods.  They also look great dinning out.
B000G24LJS Timberland shoes The shoes were as advertised. The shipping from the West Coast took over a week.  Timberland shoes are a well made shoe. They are comfortable and look good with jeans.
B000G24LJS Love these shoes These shoes are very comfprtable and look awesome.  Everytime I wear these  shoes I get compliments. I am planning on buying more.
B000G24LJS Perfect Perfect Shoes as I have before. This is the third pairs I have.Recommend  every one try this shoes.You'll love this shoes. Trust me.
B000G24LJS Perfect! Great quality - love them. I purchased many Timberland shoes in the past (whole family wears them), and had rarely problems with them. Once 2 years ago I had problems with some shoes, but no problem. Got my money back, and in the meanwhile the problem was appearently solved by Timberland.Anyway, buy them, they are worth the money. For international buyers: Check the size printed inside the shoes, this is always the original US size, all over the world. And for europe a hint: Always buy: UE, which is WIDE. M would be too small for European feet! ;-)Btw: Price here would have been 165 Euro, via Amazon I paid 85 Euro shipping & tax included. PERFECT! :)
B000G24LJS Directivities on my newly ordered Timberland Men Shoes Hi Dear Sir/Madam, I like my shoes received few days back, but there are some defects on the right foot shoes on the tope leather surface and inside as well. I am stay in Singapore, there many Timberland shops here, Can you help to aggranbe a replacement in Singapore for my case? Thank you!
B000G24LJS Beautiful shoes!!! I love them The shoes are perfect and they fit exactly as I have desired. I recommend to buy these shoes but for fashion wearing, don't expect them to be a companion on the boats, they are well priced and comfortable, why not wear them on weekends or whenever you want with jeans or chinos.I am happy.
B000HGZRUK Good Shoes from Good Seller I have seen this shoes online and i immediately love them.Unfortunately I couldn't find them in Italy, so I searched them online.I found them at Amazon.com and I could purchase them.They are beautiful and comfortable.
B000HGZRYQ Timberland Street Chukka Stylish and good looking shoe. Ordered 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear in other brands and they fit perfect. I hear that Timberland sizes usually work that way. Not the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever had but feel pretty good and they work well. The bar was set pretty high by my Asics Allwalks Chukkas that haven't been made for a few years. Overall very pleased with the shoes.
B000HGZRYQ BUYER BEWARE!!! I POSTED COMMENTS ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH THESE SHOES'S. ( BUT FOR SOMEREASON MY COMMENTS ARE BEING ERASED) I PAID FOR NEW TIMBERLANDS AND THEY SENT ME OLD SHOES. THEY SENT ME SHOES THAT WERE PREVIOUSLY WORN. i BOUGHT A PAIR OF THESE ALMOST 2 YEARS AGO. HOWEVER, I ALSO BOUGHT A SUPPOSEDLY NEW PAIR IN JULY. WHEN I RECEIVED THEM THEY LOOKED SO WORN OUT. THEY LOOKED SO USED, I COULDNT TELL THE DIFFRENCE BETWEEN MY OLD PAIR AND MY SUPPOSEDLY NEW PAIR! I WOULD OFTEN PUT THE OLD SHOES ON ASSUMING THAT THEY WERE MY NEW SHOES. THIS IS HOW AWFUL THEY LOOK! BEWARE OF SHOEMALL! THEY ARE HORRIBLE! THEY SELL REFURBISHED OR RESUFACED SHOES. SHOE-MALL IS A LOW BUDGET PLACE.
B000KVA7YI Good Shoe I bought these for my father inlaw for Christmas. He is hard on shoes and this will be his 3rd or 4th pair like this. He doesn't want anything else. I may replace my current work shoes with a pair of these.
B000NKIGNK Rugged Timberland Shoes Got these fora great deal on Amazon but they were slightly different from what I expect. They were very rugged shoes in person and definitely not the dress shoes I expected. I still like them and they live up to the timberland quality, but they are more rugged looking than your traditional boat shoes.
B000NKIGNK Buying shoes online This was the first time I had bought shoes online, and even though I own a old pair of these Timberland shoes, and ordered the same size, they were a poor fit. So I sent them back, and paid for the postage. Not sure I'll buy shoes online in the future.
B000NKIGNK Seriously. These things are magic! Ok, I bought these shoes last month. Upon placing them on my feet and meandering down the lane, a Cadillac Coup de Ville (city car)plummetted off the embankment after swerving around two high fiving squirrels. After bursting into flames, I heard what was obviously an infant child crying out for help. Rushing down the 70% grade with these shoes holding the ground like OJ holding a knife, I slashed through the trees with ease. After reaching the Caddy and noticing the child was pinned beneath the overturned car. I looked at the shoes. I suddenly heard the Theme from "The Last Dragon" and indeed, I did possess the power of the glow. I reached down, and simply lifted the vehicle off the child. That's right, these shoes are responsible for nothing less than a true miracle. I have packaged these shoes and sent them to the Vatican. I cannot tell you how important it is to wear these shoes at all times. You never know when you'll need them.Godspeed.Dirk Diggler, Movie Critic
B000NKIGNK Good Shoes Most comfortable pair of shoe that I own. Timberland always have quality products. I have tried other brands, nothing come close to this. You get what you pay for.
B000NKIGNK Timberland Shoce Kia Wah Bay 2-Eye Boat Shoe I was pleased with the price and the quick delivery of my shoes.  Timberland stores are becoming harder to find, but I love the quality of these shoes.  They are totally water proof, so I can walk the dogs in the morning in the wet grass and still have dry socks for the rest fo the day.
B000NKIGNK Excellent Shoes, Non-painful Timberlands.... Let me start by saying that these Timberlands are NOT the painful, discounted shoes that hurt immediately after putting on. If you haven't tried those painful Timberlands then i would suggest that you go to your nearest Timberland retailer and try any pair on sale. After getting hurt by those cheap Timberlands, come back here and give this seller a second thought.These shoes (Kiawah Bay) are excellent and of premium quality. They are extremely comfortable and you will get what you pay for. I was little worried before buying these shoes that they will be painful like those other cheap Timberlands i tried at a factory direct location but i am glad i was wrong. These shoes look/feel amazing. The soul (bottom part) is hard rubber and not plastic so it looks better esthetically.There is only one downside i saw which is some what expectable if these aren't your first Timberlands is that the "U" shape stitching on top of the shoes will get worn out pretty quickly. Those stitching are pron to attract dirt and are also easily damaged if not careful. Mine are already damaged but luckily it can be hidden with black shoe polish. I would still recommend these shoes if you are in market for boat shoes or Timberland brand.
B000NKIGNK Excellent Shoes This is the fifth pair of Timberland Kia Way shoes that I have owned. Each has been very comfortable and has had a very long life span, particularly given the amount that I wear these shoes. I plan to continue buying and wearing these as long as Timberland keeps making them.
B000NKIGNK Timberland at Amamzon The shoes fit well and are very comfortable.I have always liked Timberland shoes and boots, and these, too meet my expectations for style, fit and cost.I particularly like the oil finish.
B000NKIGNK Great shoes, comfortable, long lasting and look great My husband had me order these shoes for him, he loves the way they fit, easy slip in and out, look great, with is a win win pair of shoes, recommend
B000NKIGNK Timberland Men's Kia Wah Bay Boat ShoeI I am very pleased with this product.  I have bought boat shoes in the past & find them more comfortable in informal settings than exercise shoes.  What I like about these shoes is having shoe strings.  I paid a little of above what I normally pay but am happy with the quality of these shoes.
B000QW02F0 shoes by mail timberland are excellent work boots.  used to use  wolverines.  I do not need a, break in the shoes time in order for these to be comfortable.  they are comfortable out of the box. other shoes always needed a break in time of about 2 week.  since I could not get bootjack shoes to have my size shoe available when I need them I went this way.  gave four stars for the fit.  need some time to see how they hold up to the oils at work.  if this review were only about the fit I would go with a five star. if you know what size shoe you wear you can be sure these will fit.  used timberlands for better than ten years now and keep coming back. even though the shoes might only last 6 to 9 months due to my working environment. they are wonderful shoes.
B000TK6IMA Very good buy! Nice shoes for my son who is at an age when is very difficult to find decent shoes for. Very comfortable and a good price too!
B000TK6IMA Fantastic shoes! Love these shoes!  Great for my 9yo for a slightly dressier style.  They are comfortable and reasonably priced. Would buy another pair.
B000TK6IMA great shoes I have been buying these shoes for the past 3 years. I went through sizes 3 to now  5.5. I had to replace them when my son's feet outgrew them although they were still in good condition. He wears them to school and would usually go three terms but would need to change sizes by then.  Great all day comfort and style and  has survived many days out in the playground in school. Would highly recommend these shoes and will be buying again when the next size is needed.
B000TK6IMA Great Shoes I bought these shoes for my son.  They fit perfectly, look great, and are very durable.  I would purchase these shoes again.
B000TK6IMA Perfect for school I was a little hesitant about purchasing these shoes.  He had these shoes last year in brown, but they were very hard to get on - so he did not wear them much.  Well - no such issue with this pair.  Easy on and off, and he loves them.  Very hard wearing, and they look great with Jeans or khaki school trousers.  I would absolutely recommend them.
B000TK6IMA Good Quality and confortable shoes I bought in size number 4, that fit good on my 7 years old boy, it felt comfortable but look like will need a new one maybe in six o 7 month not the whole college year but i really like the quality and comfort of the shoes. really will buy it again but in .5 size for example a 4.5 will be the best option, I&#8217;m on Dominican Republic so is a little difficult to return it.
B000TK6IMA Great Shoes! I have bought these shoes for my older son and they are comfortable and extremely durable.  My boys are very rough with their shoes.
B000TK6IMA Worthwhile I purchased these shoes for my 12 year son, who is very active at school. The shoes are easy to slip on and there are no issues with dragging lace. The style is unique, they are strong and have proven to hold up to rigorous treatment. Again, Timberland lived up to its brand. I have no regrets.
B000TK6IMA Most comfortable shoes made Most comfortable shoes made.  Timberland shoes last forever.  I have a pair I still wear that are over 40 years old.
B000VI8UX0 Great shoes This shoes are really made from leather, they are as described and seams to be made for active children. Overall they feel very comfortable. I recommend this product.
B000VI8UX0 Timberland for kids Excellent shoes for school Excellent shoes for school, this is my second time buying these shoes for my three boys.  They had the whole school year with those shoes!
B000VI8UX0 nice school shoes A very nice lightweight shoes my son loves it. This shoes is great for kids for everyday use.I would highly recommend it.
B000VI8UX0 Review from a six year old kid - thumbs down My son wanted to review these shoes - and why not? He's the one wearing them. Or not.As a mom, I bought these shoes because of the brand. Soft pebbled leather, great stitching detail, nice fabric and foam insoles, good support, flexible non-marking sole. A box made of 100% recycled materials. Lots of explanations inside the box as to why it's a better shoe - that it gets you from point A, to B, to C and so on. "Care for the community, for the environment. Getting to the top of things are reaching higher. To the bottom of things, and digging deeper. Thinking on your feet. Giving it all you've got.."Good copy and very admirable, no doubt. But are the shoes comfortable, I asked my son. No. The heel was too wide and kept slipping off, even if the length was fine and true to size. Putting them on, hard for him as well. Not comfortable, can't walk in them. Thumbs down.His favorite shoes?Primigi Fergus-E Fashion Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid). Lots of colors to pick from. Equally nice leather and stitching, with adjustable Velcro straps that allow for a custom fit and for easy on and off, buttersoft leather lining inside. Great support. Very durable, enough to be handed down to my youngest in almost new condition - as a backup, he his own pairs. Great for dress up, or for gym. Neutral colors that go with everything. They just don't make quality shoes like these anymore. And they help kids run fast, he adds.Yes, Primigi shoes are more expensive but if you wait a bit they go on sale once in a while. And they're worth every penny. Timberland, watch your back, you have some real strong competition nipping at your heels. And winning kids over.
B000VI8UX0 Look great and very durable! I have 2 boys and they wear through shoes fast.  These are the only school shoes they've had that have lasted.  The bonus is that they are very attractive and comfortable!  Well worth the price!
B000VI8UX0 Great shoes....so far. Son has gone through 4 pairs of shoes in a month and half. Hope these hold up! We'll soon see!
B000VI8UX0 Durable shoe, easy to put on These are great shoes. My son seems to go through school shoes very quickly these days, but these have made it through a blistery winter so far without the soles falling apart like on other shoes. They are true to size, slip on quickly for the quick-get-out-the-door early morning school run, and my kid finds them to be quite comfortable. I would definitely buy them again as fall/winter shoes.
B000VI8VBG Tough Shoes & Look Great I always find it difficult to get nice brown shoes for boys & these were perfect.  They stand up to what little boys do to shoes & still look great.  They are easy to put on also.
B000VI8VBG Like these shoes a lot. Bought these for my 5 year old grandson. Really nice shoes and my grandson thinks that they look like daddy's and grandpa's cool shoes.
B000VI8VBG GOOD, SHOES, LIKE WE NEED NICE SHOES FOR MY KID, THE SIZE IS PERFECT, AN IS THE SHOES HE NEEDS,  FOR THE SCHOOL, AND MORE
B000VI8VBG Awesome shoes bought these for my boys as school shoes - they wear them everyday - they have held up so well. There is barely a scuff on them!! The front tread really saves the shoe. They look nice enough for them to wear when they get dressed up. will definately buy again.
B000VI8VBG strong, durable shoes I bought these last year for my two boys to be used as school shoes.  They wore them every day, running around in them during recess, wearing them in all types of NYC weather.  They still look great!  They are very durable, have a strong, sturdy sole, and made of genuine leather which I think is important for growing feet.  I'm buying them again in bigger sizes this year.
B000VI8VBG Great Shoes Love these shoes.  Can be worn with dress pants or something more casual.  A shoe horn does help to put them on since they are not broke in yet.  No complaints from my son, so they appear to be comfortable for him to wear.
B000VI8VBG Great Shoe I have been buying this style of shoe from Timberland for the last 5 years for my son. These shoes hold up very well all school year long for a very active young man. It is well worth the cost to me considering I was replacing the less expensive non leather shoes at least three times during the school year. In the end the cheap shoes cost me more than these Timberlands. My son requests these shoes every year in either black or brown although I find that the black color tends to hold up better in terms of fading.
B000VI8VBG Excellent shoes! These shoes are wonderful and so well made.  My 4 year old needed some nice dress shoes that are especially good for winter, and these fit the bill exactly.  They are very attractive, well sewn and the soles are very good for slippery conditions.  I will be buying these again when he outgrows them!
B000VI8VBG Love these shoes! Finding nice dress shoes for our son is so difficult, but these fit the bill perfectly. They are well made, very stylish and they have a good sole on them for wintry conditions. I will be buying these again when he outgrows this pair.
B000VI8VBG Great shoes! These have been great shoes so far for my 1st grader!  He wears them every day to school.  They were a little stiff at first, but by now (3ish months later), they are soft and worn in, yet still look great and have stayed well in tact.  I'd definitely recommend this shoe and would purchase again when he outgrows this pair.
B000VIAOJ8 hiking shoes for boys these are great. my child hates wearing high tops but he loves these shoes. they were great when we went hiking too. the only down fall is they are hard to get off.
B000VIAOMU Goodlooking pair of shoes This is a great looking pair of shoes. But my son has wide feet and didn't enjoy wearing the shoes for too long. If your child has medium to narrow feet though, this is a great pair of shoes. Good quality and good looking too.
B000VIDXE6 Very Sturdy Shoe I have an active 8 yr old and I was purchasing school shoes once a month or more frequently.  I bought a similar pair of Timberland shoes and they last almost six months.  I bought these shoes about a month ago and they seem to be holding up just as well.
B000VQBPOS Love Timberland best hiking shoes/walking shoes ever.  Great with jeans....very durable.....Looks great.  If youi have problems with tennis shoes as I do, this is the shoe for you
B000VQBPOS great shoes and comfortable too I have other Timberline shoes that are still looking good and comfortable so I know I will be just as happy with these!  They fittrue to size and are made well.
B000VQBPOS I love these boots This is a great pair of shoes. I recommend Timberland. The shoes never seem to wear out. I have had these for 2 years and they still look brand new.
B000VQFIJG fabulous shoes! I'm not a shoe hound- I've got sneakers, flip flops, and these. great shoes that look as good today as when I bought them 2 years ago, and they get ALOT of wearing
B000VQHO66 Timberland quality I got the same size that I usually get for Timberland shoes so if you know your size order the same. My feet are also wider than narrow and I am not having the problem that someone else commented on. Also my "ankle joint" is quite low but not irritated by this shoe either. For the comment on the insole, it is detatchable (as with other Timberland shoes) for airing and drying. The shoe is water proofed.Initially they were a little tight around the rim but after a weeks wear (and no blisters!) they feel good on the foot, although I still need to bend down to put them on. They are very comfortable, city hiking (!), shoes.The price is amazing right now also!
B000VW67Y0 shoes HelloI'm from Venezuela, sorry for my englishComfortable shoes, all leather and very soft.I recommend the purchase of the same
B000VW69IY Best sandals I've ever owned I've own 4 pairs of these shoes already and will buy more.My wife and I keep our house shoes and outsides shoes seperate.  We mainly have wood and tile in our house to going barefoot gives me really sore feet.  So i use these shoes instead for all of my inside walking.Without a doubt, tons of comfort, lots of air flow and feels great on my feet.  I can't recommend these enough.
B000VW69IY A good pairs of sandals. The shoes fit my feet well. A little space in the front.The shoes are comfortable to wear  only problem is the shoe straps area are too narrow. It will scrap my feet ESP around the plastic part area. Hope that long term usage will solve this initial teething issue.
B000VW69IY Great shoes Even though I have not worn the shoes yet, I love them.  They fit perfectly, and look so cool on.  The tan color is exactly what I wanted, and the quality of the shoes is apparent.
B000VW69IY The most comfortable shoes that I have ever had. This is the third pair that I have purchased. I have worn-through the others. I walk for 5 miles every night and these are way more comfortable that any other walking shoes
B000VW69IY Excellent everyday shoes Hi everyone ,Yes ,I have just bought another pair of Timberland Altamont sandals .Wow these are great everyday shoes . Can where to meetings ,to church or just to hang out with friends.I really do enjoy these shoes as they are a simple ,yet classic design that is always ready to go.Try a pair yourself and see what I mean.
B000VW69IY Perfect shoe These shoes fit perfect, which what I was worried about.  I feel like I'm walking on air when I wear these shoes, and look forward to wearing them when I'm going out.  Its a wonderful feeling  to know I'm going to put on these shoes.  They fit so well I usually don't strap them down with the velcro strap.They're starting to get a little wear and some discoloration, and not sure how to remove it, as the material feels like a unique kind of material, like leather suade or something, that can't be cleaned normally.Best shoe I ever owned
B000VW69IY Great shoes! my husband uses EUR43.5 and these fit perfectly in 10.5W. he says it's the most comfortable pair of shoes he's owned.
B000VW69IY i like them the are very comfortable shoes. you can ware them all they long and do not fill tire. I like them
B000VW69IY Awesome Pair of Shoes! This is one of those shoes that you can wear in a classy setting and casually.  To begin, the insoles are so nice.  Its almost like memory foam so I can walk long distances with it.  Second, the holes provide ventilation so the shoe doesnt stink even if you sweat in it.  Third, I can wear it with jeans and people think its a nice pair of leather shoes.  Fourth, I worn it on rainy days and it as decent tractionsCons:  It scratches easily.  Mine looks pretty beat down already after one-two month of wear.  Doesnt seem you can repair the leather.Also, if you dont wear socks, dont wear for too long.  The shoes cut into my feet close to where the ankles are.
B000VW69IY COMFORTABLE & GREAT FIT! I bought these for my father who is 89yrs old.  He loves these shoes and wears them everyday.  I'm about to order another pair so he can rotate the shoes and not wear one pair every single day.  My dad wears a 13E and these are perfect in size and fit.
B000VW69IY husbands shoes We ordered these shoes, they were what my husband wanted.  we received them before time promised. Completely satisfied.
B000VW69IY Yes on the shoes! These shoes were for my husband and they were a big winner.  Perfect fit.  Very comfortable and nice looking. Can't do better then that.  They actually were better looking than the picture and well made.
B000VW69IY really like these shoes Had a hard time finding these shoes. They are a replacement for an older pair of the same style. I wear them every where in the summer.
B000VW83X8 Great Comfortable Shoes I was a loyal Sperry Dockers shoes with the only complaint is they weren't comfortable.  I moved to Lands End and like their shoes but they discontinued the shoes.  I tried the Nunn Bush and hated the shoes so I decided to move to Timberland.  Don't know why I didn't move to these shoes long ago.  I love these shoes.  They are comfortable.  I wear these shoes all day long and love them.  I am going to be a dedicated Timberland customer.
B000VWBUVU Very comfortable shoes, I just purchased my second pair of the Timberland Outlier Rugged Oxford shoes here on Amazon. These are probably one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. Besides comfort, what makes these shoes great is they're versatile. You can wear them for everyday around town use, to hiking up in the mountains, or to dinner paired with some Dockers. They fit true to size. I wear size 10 1/2" and purchased size 10/10.5M and they fit perfectly. As far as being waterproof, I haven't worn them in any setting to see if that claim is true. I highly recommend these.
B000VWCNSE great shoes I love these shoes. I purchased 3 pair 2 years ago but recently discovered that they are not available in my size 9.5m any longer. Timberline should start making these again. They would be my only shoes if I could still find them. I very satisfied with my shoes and my purchase.I would do it again if I could find them
B000VWEHJW Great shoes! These shoes are awesome!  They are a little heavy, but it's no big deal.  I do a lot of walking and during the winter months when I have to walk up and down the slippery wet stone staircases, the treads on the bottoms of these shoes are a blessing.  Plus, the shoes are WATERPROOF!!!  On days when there is deep snow, I don't wear them; after all, they are low-tops.  But if there's just a coating of snow or slush, or if it is raining, these are the shoes I wear.  I hope Timberland NEVER STOPS MAKING THEM OR SCREWS WITH THE DESIGN.  I had to change out the factory insole and put in something different (thinner) so I could put my orthotics inside of the shoes, but that was not a problem at all.  Note: these shoes DO NOT have the funky trench in the bottom of the sole like the Timberland Torrence does; it's just a regular flat sole.  Incidentally, I gave a pair of these shoes to my brother-in-law who has ankle problems and completely destroys shoes.  Everything is going well so far.  That says quite a bit for the durability of these shoes.  Long live the Timberland Montgomery Bay!!!  I will MOST DEFINITELY buy these again . . . and again, and again until they stop making them.
B000VWEHJW Comfortable but SQUEAKY I've had these shoes for about six months. They were comfortable from the first day and fit to size. The styling is very good. Unfortunately, both shoes squeak when walking at any pace!
B000VWEHJW Excellent shoes I've bought Timberland shoes since 2005. Good materials, nice fitting. And good looking, hard working shoes. I like the Oxfords, and I'm very satisfied with this pair.
B000VWEHJW shoes The shoes are exactly as described. Fit well and are the right size and color. I will purchase more when needed.
B000VWER5G The perfect loafers I love Timberland products, and these shoes are no exception. High quality leather and sole, and soooo comfortable. I have ankle pain and wear orthodics, but these Shoes give me no issues. I also have a Brown pair.
B000VWFWXW Most comfortable shoes my husband ever wore We bought shoes like that just in light brown in Marthy's, they did not have another colors.  He was so happy the way they feel - like walk in butter-, and he wanted them in black.So we find them on Amazon, right size, right price right color.My husband was kind of nervous because we never bought shoes on line before.When they  arrived he put them on and  smiled.This are a winners.
B000VWI9XC Madre right... Well, being my first time buying shoes online I was a bit skeptical with the picture and the actual shoe when receiving them by mail.Nice surprise I got, they where exactly what I was expecting. Good looking shoes, they are very comfortable. Would recommend them to anybody !
B000VWJHVU Really comfortable shoes,.. This shoes are really comfortable, however i first ordered the 9 and the were too narrow, the 9W fit better but are a little too wide. Overall great shoes and the seller is responsive.
B000VWJIUK Dress-casual for bad weather days I live in Boston, where the weather isn't always the best. In the winter, there's a lot of snow, and the sidewalks aren't always cleaned off when I want to go outside. These shoes are nice enough to wear with dress slacks in most situations, yet are warm and waterproof. On those days when I need to dress more formally, I'll wear Totes over my dress shoes. But short of that, I'm comfortable wearing these as my winter shoes.What's more, I have flat feet, and these shoes have a real separate heel that helps my legs and back align properly, rather than a tennis-shoe style sole in which the heel is just a bump in one piece of plastic.
B000VX01MS Outstanding quality! I've never been a fan of buying shoes online but these have worked out wonderfully!I've worn Timberland Boat Shoes for years and walked the soles off my last four pair.The fit and workmanship of these shoes is outstanding, they are casual enough to get burgers, dressy enough to eat at a nice restaurant.
B000VX01MS excellent Boat shoes These boat shoes are great, I am not really a boat shoe kind of guy but these really fit comfortable and look great with everything. They are really well constructed and will last a long time highly recommend them
B000VX01MS Best shoes I've ever owned I love these shoes! I think of them as lightly modernized boat shoes that are super comfy. I bought these in 2005 and still use them daily. The only significant wear that is visible is the bottoms are finally starting to flatten out a little AFTER SIX YEARS! Just phenomenally built shoes. They still look great after all that time. So many companies these days make products they know will end up in a landfill in short order. I really appreciate that Timberland has some integrity and actually makes something well enough to last. I am about ready for some boots and will absolutely be looking at getting Timberlands.
B000VX01V4 my favorite pair of shoes These shows are classic, look great, are comfortable for work or play and slip on and off easily yet still look dressy. Can't beat that. I hate to wear anything else.
B000VX01V4 Pretty iiight They're a great looking pair of shoes. The leather is legitimate, as are the laces. The only downside of these shoes is that they need to be broken into before their comfort level is optimized.Pretty nice and very solid brand, much like their boots. I'm curious to see how long these puppies last. They seem like they'll last a very long time.
B000VX01V4 Just one of those shoes that every guy shold have Wether it is walking at the docks, on the boat, or around campus, these timeless comfortable shoes will always be in style.  Just bought them for my son at college and he loves them.  His friends liked the looks of them too.  Maybe it's a guy thing. But then again I've seen plenty of girls wearing these in different styles. Timberline makes great shoes and this leather breaks in fine.  I've always had a pair since I can remember.  Buy them.  You just may want to try them on at a store to understand the fit should be snug because they will stretch.
B000VX01V4 High quality shoes forever. High quality shoes. I buyed this similar model in 1998... I still have that pair of shoes in good condition for daily normal use. I get a new pair some days ago and sure I will have shoes for more than ten years a head. I'm very satisfied with Timberland shoes.
B000VX01V4 Good boat shoes Good boat shoes for the price, but i may be trying sperrys next, the timberland boat shoe soles have a piece of cloth which does not cover the full sole , instead it covers it 3/4 therefore in the long run of wearing it, the cloth should slowly start to tear off.
B000VX01V4 Timberland shoes The shoes did not fit and were returned via UPS 2 weeks ago. I have not heard anything back and need to kn ow if I will get a credit back on my gift card.
B000VX01V4 Great Shoes I bought these shoes for my Brother. He likes "boat" shoes during the summer months.He is thrilled with these. He said they are incredibly comfortable, and he loves the way they look.He has rather large feet and I can't get over how much smaller they make his feet look.The black and brown goes with almost every color outfit. I would highly recommend them.
B000VX01V4 Classic shoes delivered on time Those are classic quality shoes. I've ordered from shoemania.com through amazon and had no problems, whatsoever.
B000VX01V4 I have not had a chance to begin to wear the shoes on a regular or frequent basis. I like the shoes because I have purchased and worn similar shoes before.  Summer is close and I will used them frequently.
B000VX01V4 very color shoes reasonable price.good.i love black fridayi bought this shoes only 44dollors!!!!!!! forty four!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and this is fitted as expected.
B000VX01V4 Shoe order I was looking for a different manufacturer for the shoes that I ordered, but am extremely satisfied with the purchase, quality and speed of shipping to my address of the Timberland shoes.
B000VX01V4 thick sole comfy feel Fits well and really good as the sole is thick for someone like who often drags my shoes on the floor and result with a quickly worn sole. Hope this can last quite a bit just like my other timberland pair of shoes
B000VX01V4 little disappointed the bottoms of these shoes are completely smooth.  not good on smooth surface floors.  little disappointed by that.  have had other Timberland shoes that are not like these.
B000VX01V4 These shoes stand out I wear a 10.5 in nikes and I ordered these as 9.5. The fit is great. The leather is rich and deep in color. They really look classy. Its a great alternative to those who like the look of boat shoes, but want to be somewhat counter culture and rock some timberlands instead of sperrys.
B000VX01V4 Timberland Men's Classic Boat Shoe,Root beer/Brown,9.5 M The shoes arrived in a reasonable time, and appear to be well made.  I run boat shoes into the ground, it appears as though these guys will do the job.
B000VX01V4 Product imperfections The shoes came a difference on the colors and one is higher than the other one it looks like if you were using a pair of different shoes.
B000VX01V4 Didn't love these. These boat shoes do look fabulous. Really very nice looking shoes. But despite all of their padding, they're pretty uncomfortable.The soles have traction build into them, which was nice for a boat shoe. Unfortunately the soles split along the traction pretty quickly. I had these shoes maybe 4 months before the sole split on one shoe, and the other split soon after. The stitching on the top of one of the shoes also started giving out pretty quickly.All in all, sharp looking, but the lowest overall quality boat shoe I've ever worn.
B000VX01V4 comfortable, perfect fit I have wide feet and these shoes fit perfectly! Great quality, great design I simply love Timberland boat shoes. Thanks.
B000VX01V4 Good but have to break them in! Tighter than most shoes...got terrible blisters but the shoes are very nice.  Hoping they break in well.  Also bought a pair of Sperry's at the same time and they are much more comfortable even before breaking in
B000VX01V4 Great shoes I bought these because my boyfriend needed some new dressy shoes, and finding shoes that fit his size 16 feet is impossible in stores. These fit perfectly and look really nice.
B000VX01V4 Hard to review new boat shoes I have been wearing boat shoes as my shoe of choice for the past 30 some years. I always dread buying a new pair of shoes as there is a definite break in period for them. IMO there is nothing more comfortable than a well worn pair of boat shoes but those first  few months can be difficult, to say the least. This will be my 3rd pair of Timberland's and unfortunately they seem to be a bit inferior to the previous pairs. The leather seems thinner and stiffer...Time will tell, they may break in nicely and all will be well. They fit pretty much to size, I have a somewhat narrow foot but the medium (D) width fits just right. Living in Florida, Unlless I am getting dressed up (not wearing shorts) I rarely ever wear socks with the shoes.
B000VX01V4 Boat Shoes.. Rootbeer in color the shoes are find.  I was hoping for softer feel but I am sure they will be find..........  I am planning to wear them for dress and casual
B000VX01V4 Don't buy these shoes These boat shoes are horrible.  I have owned several Timberland shoe products over the years and am still wearing an old pair of &#34;boat shoes&#34;.  The new shoes I ordered were size 11.5 M, same as my old shoes.  The new shoes are so much smaller I could barely get my feet in them.  They are nearly an inch shorter and the toe is over a half inch narrower.  The sole is much thinner and the total height of the new shoe makes it feel like a slipper.  The overall quality of materials and workmanship is very inferior.  For an old guy who has been wearing Top Siders, Rockports and Timberland for over 25 years this is a major disappointment.  I will never order another pair of Timberland products of any kind unless I try them on in a store.
B000VX01V4 good product, low price When I got the pockage, I opened immediately. I saw the beautiful shoes. It's really worth to buy it with such low price. If the shoes are still available with such low price, I highly recommend every man should buy it.
B000VX01V4 great boat shoes this shoes is a beast boat shoes what i have, i also have dockers boats shoes but i prefer timberland it's only just my opinion
B000VX01V4 good shoes good shoes &#12290;a little hard,i think it wil be ok after a month .so cool i like it ,
B000VX01V4 classic shoes not quite the same as the original but these shoes have served me well and fit my feet perfectly.  Like wearing sandals.
B000VX01V4 At first blush, these are surprisingly uncomfortable. One of the great things about deck shoes is that, one expects, they are immediately wearable.  That is to say that they can be comfortably worn for long periods almost immediately.I've previously owned about a dozen pairs of them (Bass, Dexter, Sperry and one pair of Brand X) all of which were, as I said, almost immediately comfortable.This pair of shoes is different which I put down to two reasons, stiff upper and hard sole but let's do the bad stuff later; first the good stuff.1) These shoes look reasonably well made.2) These shoes are not entirely unattractive.Yep, that's about it.  They don't look awful and they look pretty well made.  I like a different toe shape and they are Made in the Dominican Republic (at least it's not China) so they probably aren't as well made as they could be if they were Made In USA.The bad stuff is that the upper part of the right shoe near where the tongue meets the body immediately dug in to my foot and caused me to take them off after only about an hour.  The next time I wore them this issue was not nearly so pronounced but after standing in them constantly for a couple of hours the soles of my feet were actually sore from the stiff, unforgiving soles.  My third time wearing them was less uncomfortable but I was still quite surprised at how uncomfortable they remain and that it is taking so long for these shoes to break in.  It is possible that this means that they are going to last a long time but I have to say that my Bass deck shoes lasted for a couple of years and were immediately comfortable (which is probably why these Made in USA shoes were taken out of production, they were just too good).  I'll be surprised if these turn out to be as durable, and greatly disappointed if they remain uncomfortable.I'll check in with a comment in a few months, perhaps.
B000VX03GC Possible rejected product. I received the shoes as ordered.  However, I ordered these shoes after having another pair for the past 5 years that have held up very well.  This pair of shoes does not meet the same quality as the old pair though.  They are of cheaper quality and appear to either be knock-offs or possibly rejected shoes from the manufacturer but still sold as new by a secondary company.  I'm not sure which but something is amiss.  I'll keep the shoes because of the hassle of trying to return worn clothing and chalk this up to a lesson of trying to buy something for less.
B000VX03GC Good shoes, slightly lacking in arch support I like buying Timberland shoes because of their fit. For some reason their 11.5W shoes all fit my feet like a glove. I needed hiking boots for some hiking I was going to do in Yosemite and decided not to take any chances. It turned out to be a good choice because these boots are sized exactly like their regular shoes. If you like their regular shoes, these should fit just the same.The boots are incredibly comfortable. I only barely broke them in walking just a few blocks at a time before going on two day hikes on two consecutive days. On both days my feet hurt far less than I had anticipated and I had no blisters. Also, the boots feel much lighter than previous boots I have owned. Even by the end of the second day of hiking I did not feel like I was expending any additional effort to lug my shoes around. They just felt like a natural extension of my legs.The grip was also quite good. We did one hike near a waterfall and the rocky path up the mountain was at times a little slick from the spray. I slid around a little on the way down, but I was positively surprised by how well planted my feet felt.The water proofing also worked great. Even though the lip of the shoe is quite small and does not overlap with the shoe itself very much, when I put the boots in a stream my feet did not get wet. As a side note, I had just applied Timberland's wax and all of the water beaded nicely on the shoes.The shoes also breathed quite well. Of course by the end of the day my feet did not smell the best, but I know from experience they they could have been a lot worse. It appeared that the shoes did a good job removing the extra moisture and letting my feet breathe.There are only two things I did not like about these shoes. First, I found the arch support to be slightly lacking. Relative to other Timberland shoes I have owned (I have never owned their boots though) the arches seemed slightly flatter. If I was going to go for really long multi-day hikes I probably would look into getting very thin inserts to correct for this. The other thing I did not fully like is the build quality around the sole. Although the entire top half of the shoe seemed well made, it looks like the person who attached the soles onto them did a slightly sloppier job. Nothing has come remotely loose so far but they just look like they could have done with a little more care.
B000VX03GC Great shoe I bought two pair of these shoes. I previously had gone thru two consecutive pair and felt confident to buy again. The shoes are durable, comfortable, true to size and nice looking.
B000VX03GC Great shoes Very comfortable, fit well, and I like how they look.
B000VX03GC A Decent Fit and a Decent Boot These shoes were for me, not my wife, so I'm writing the review.  The last pair of hiking boots were the same brand, though a different model.  The first pair were very comfortable.  At the time I walked about 3-5 miles a day working at a zoo.  These shoes are important to my daily comfort.This new pair fit well right out of the box and I am hard to fit well.  I'm left handed so shoes are made slightly out of size for me, because our hands and feet are larger on one side than the other.  Shoes are made for right handed people so the fit is always a bit troublesome for us lefties, because our larger foot is not a right handed person's larger foot.  Even so, these shoes fit decently well.I use these shoes for *all* my outdoor activities.  I work in a garden, maintain 16 acres of property and do a load of hiking most every day during my photographic journies.  On average, I'd say I hike about 3 miles a day.  This includes regularly playing disc golf and these shoes (like their predecessors) hold up well.I'm not sure about their waterproofing.  I consider shoes like this in the same way as a water resistant watch -- it's not meant to indicate you can walk in the water and never get soaked, just that they are less likely to get as soaked as a non-treated boot.  So far, these shoes have held up their promise of being a good fit, rugged, dry and durable.  The last pair lasted me about three years of rough walking on rocky, muddy, sandy and hilly terrain, plus roof work and the extra stress of being used for disc golf (lots of torque on the foot at release.)  *(note: 3 years may not sound like much, but try this: 3 miles times 365, times 4 [4380 miles] and you'll see they stood up well in that time.)  These shoes hold the promise of an even better lasting pair with better lowers and uppers of leather instead of mesh nylon like my other boots.
B000VX03GC Great shoes Ordered to replace old ones. These are great shoes and it is a very fair price. Thanks for the shoes
B000VX03GC very nice shoes This is my first pair of Timberland shoes,very nice feeling ,the shoes are waterproof and size is very ok. really good shoes for hiking.
B000VX03GC Boots were made for walking I recently completed the Camino de Santiago, a 500 mile (800 kilometer) walk across the north of Spain.  I was wearing a pair of Timberland Gortex shoes which were good on all but the heavy rain days when the water came in over the top of the shoes.  I really wished at the time that I was wearing high cut boots rather than normal walking shoes.  When I got back, I ordered these hiking boots.  I know they will fit me as I have used many Timberland products in the past.  The price was terrific as I was able to use an Amazon promotion code to buy them.  I am very pleased with my purchase.
B000VX03GC Very good pair of shoes It has been great so far and very comfortable too was surprised. I thank my friend on telling me about timberland shoes for me to order on line very good!!!!!!
B000VX03GC The best shoes so far.. Love it! Fair price for the quality. Very comfortable in any terrain and even as a work shoes.. Highly recommended hiking boots..
B000VX03GC Great Shoe! Just the shoes I was looking for. Very comfortable and stylish. Highly recommended. Can't go wrong with these shoes. Perfect.
B000VX03GC A perfect Pair of shoes... This is my 2nd pair of shoes of this model.. the other one lasted for over two years (and i still used them...) I went to an trip to europe as a backpacker and this was the BEST choice for that.. you can walk literally for 8 HOURS without feeling pain nor heat in your shoes... this is a MUST-Have for anyone looking for comfort, good looking and performance.. 5/5 all the way...
B000VX03GC Reasonable hiking shoes It's the third time I have those shoes. They are quite nice and comfortable, but, to my opinion, the soles wear off rather fast.
B000VX03GC Comfortable and good looking I've been wear these shoes for two winters, very comfortable and good looking.  I'm Chinese and usually wearing 43 Euro size of sports shoes. The 9M US size fits me very well.
B000VX03GC Comfortable good looking shoes I like these shoes because of the good support and fit. Having enjoyed previous pairs of Timberland boots, I expect many comfortable miles.
B000VX03GC Great Shoes Timberland has always been reliable and good brand for shoes.  I am very happy with my latest purchase.  The shoes are comfortable and didn't require any wear-in at all.  Popped it on and I was ready to go!
B000VX03GC very good outdoor shoes! I have timberland 10061 boots and looking for a outdoor shoes, finally I choose this shoes. They are lightweight outdoor shoes, robust and waterproof. I like it very much!
B000VX03GC Wow shoes I'm writing this review after 1 year I have purschaced these shoes at amazon.They are amazing ! Very light, very comfort. Excellent shoes for job and trailing !
B000VX03WQ Not the Timberlands I remember. It has been about 10 years since I owned a pair of these shoes.  The shoes I remember were very comfortable and lasted a long time.  These look good and look to be made of durable material but I'm very disapointed with this purchase.  They are super stiff, I have been wearing them for about 3 weeks trying to see if they will get broke in and stop hurting my feet.  I have never had any shoes hurt my feet like this.  I am about ready to give up and just take a loss.  This will be the last pair of timberlands I ever buy.
B000VX04DO Nice Shoes These Shoes are great. You have to wipe them because they can get dusty but it feels great and it has great grip on ice
B000VX04DO I felt like it was a return Item The only reason I gave three stars is because When i got the shoes, i felt like someone wore it and they returned it. It Didn't look like new product when i opened the Box. I received the shoes the same day My club is doing a fashion that was the only reason why i bought else I would have returned it. The shoes are very nice and very comfortable. I will recommend it and its worth the money
B000VX061O Great shoes! Loving the new Timberland Boat Shoes.  Very comfortable and stylish shoes. I am very pleased with this purchase.Timberland Men's Youngstown Boat Shoe
B000VX061O Good Shoes Very confortables, nice look.  So far so good. I hope don't have to buy another shoes for a the next months..
B000VX061O Good shoe, order smaller than you think. The shoes themselves are nice, but they run about 1.5 full sizes too big. I have to wear socks in boat shoes (which does not make me happy) or they slip and fall off. My suggestion... try shoes on before you purchase them.
B000VX061O solekool These shoes were so soft I ended up sleeping with them as a pillow. Now as the story has it...I got the shoes in the mail and was on my way to meet friends to go on a short hike. Well the drive was long...and I was wearing sandals, when we got to the hike site. I realized that the only proper footwear I had was my new shoes. So of course I fitted the shoes on my feet and off we went. After a couple hours we decided to head back to the car to return home. When we got to the car we realized how tired we were and was going to share the driving. Since we drew straws...lucky me.. I had the long one and was set to drive last. Well, I was so tired from the hike... I wanted to napp before I drove. So I did. In doing so I wanted my head to be comfortable, ping!!! there it was... I took off my shoes, dusted them off and tucked in for what was to be a very comfortable napp. So I say this to include, that these shoes were able to serve a very important purpose. The smell of them had me in la--la--land too...Great shoes... well worth it.
B000VX061O UNsatisfied customer A lot of people are complaining about receiving a different shoe from the one in the images. My shoes were sold to me from Peltz Shoes. They look and feel great. Exactly as the ones in the pictures on Amazon. At $43.71 including shipping they are amazing value too! I am really happy with my purchase and look forward to wearing these shoes for a long time.UPDATE: After wearing these shoes for 4 months I am disappointed to say that they have not held up well. The quality I was expecting from my Timberland boots is not the same in this Youngstown boat shoes. My boots are practically indestructible, while the Yungstowns' sole started to severely break down after around 3 months of urban use. They are still wearable but the sole is starting to degrade.Additionally, one of the eyelets broke off which makes me think that they are simply glued on and not securely attached.Another annoying thing is the dye Timberland uses for these shoes severely bleeds even if the shoes are not wet. Overall poor craftsmanship. Unfortunately I have to decrease my rating of this shoe. Although I purchased them for a cheap price from Amazon, they do not represent the quality Timberland stands for.
B000XEA5ZI very good shoes These shoes are very comfortable and durable. my husband had bought a pair at an other location over 2 years ago and this is the first time we have to replace them.
B000XEACHO I love this shoes. This shoes is very comportable and very light too compare to other steel toe shoes. I can even use it to jog after 9 hours work.
B000XEACHO Not as nice as my other timberlandpro shoes The are comfertable, but they are hot and not very slip resistent; the tread also picks up rocks. other than that they'er a good pair of shoes.
B000XEACHO Incredible construction These are made very well, with quality material and workmanship. My husband loves these shoes.  He works in a sheet metal shop, and is always dropping/resting large sheets of metal on his shoes.  Past shoes tend to get the toe portion cut and start coming apart.  These are kind of like having "Rhino-liner" on your shoes!!  They fit well and are very comfortable.
B000XEAMXS Love these boots Have used a multitude of safety shoes in the past, and always found the timberland pro series boots/shoes to be the best at increased comfort and reduced fatigue.  These shoes are just like the rest and are extremely comfortable and don't require any break-in.  My first pair broke a plastic eyelet on the right boot near the ankle area, so keep an eye out for that.  Amazon shipped out a replacement pair next day with no issue.
B000XEAMXS The most comfortable pair of shoes ever Very comfortable and provide strong support.I enjoy working with these shoes on and i recommend the same for people who spend most of their day on their feet.
B000XEAPDA TimberLand hard toe Timberland shoes good quality is good looking lite weight easy to tigh comfortable to wear for long work days. durulable long lasting wide selection been using these Timberland shoes for years.
B000XEEQAI Foot pain problem I have been having a problem with foot pain since I've been wearing these shoes. I'm not sure if it's caused by the shoes or my aging feet. I'm going to try another shoe to find out.
B000XEEW9S timberland shoes My husband love is shoesIt is comfortable and strong this is an excellent choiceI would recommend this shoes
B000XEH2JA I like shoes I like shoesJust I prefer to use round lace, shoes are excellent, are comfortable, I can walk all day
B000XEH2JA The comfort work shoes The shoes is comfort from the first day. It strong enough as working shoes. The toe's room is wide, many room for toe, it less pain. Usually, I wear size 10M, I wear size 10W with this shoes. The weight is 26 oz (size 10W), each shoe.
B000XEIZ7S Great shoes! Best comfort for the value! I spent a lot of time trying on varying shoes of different make and quality, these felt the best and have performed flawlessly I'll definitely buy another pair whenever I have to replace them (I do a lot of carpentry and metalworking for technical theatre- gritty and heavy-duty work).
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable & flexible safety shoes This is my 2 nd timberland safety shoes . I work in the tunnel environment . This shoes give me the flexibilty & protection . Extremely. Comfortable , & my colleagues made many positive comments . Of course in tunnel our shoes get worn out fast ( because of exposure to hydraulic oil spillage ) on leather . Happens to any leather shoes .  Happy with this product
B000XEIZ7S the worst buy in the world I don't think the shoes are worthy buying. I just get it, found water can enter into from the largest toes,  two shoes are as it, and then the soles of two shoes are boken, but the all time I wore them is no more than one handred hours. so I think is my worst buy.I'm so disappointed.I rather believe that I have bought fake.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable shoes I usually walk a lot while at work and step up and down ladders on a daily basis. These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I definitely recommend these shoes.
B000XEJ9V4 Great Shoes I tend to not buy shoes online, but the shoe description helped to figure out if the fit would be right. I am glad I purchased them!
B000XEKHOC Good work boot Lets start out saying that I am hard on shoes!  Most of my shoes get holes on the side (maybe I walk a little off?).  These boots have held up, although they do look a little worse for wear.  They leather does scratch, and once again I do want to state that i am hard on shoes.This is the only problem I have had so far
B000XEKHOC Great Shoes Great quality shoes. I bought them for my son and he loves them. He works in a garage and is always wearing his shoes out.
B000XEKHOC love these shoes It`s waterproof and warm. You don`t have to worry about any dirt on your shoes, you can just clean the dirt easily. The weight of these shoes are not heavy.
B000XEKIUK excellent shoes Cant ask for better service than this. shoes came on time and they are perfect. Also i got them $20 cheaper because there was some deal. overall i would recommend the shoes to anyone looking for reliable shoes
B000XEKIUK never again i will never buy shoes over the internet again--this shoes fit very poorly--although they are size 11, its as if they were made for a childs foot--extremely narrow
B000XEKIUK like it the shoes very good&#65292;looks so cool.like it very much.....but the shoes is so heavy..just like exercise every day&#65292;hahaha.  i found another function
B000XEKK94 great shoes i like the shoes but they were the wrong size. i was wondering if you can send me a new pair out to me
B000XEKK94 Comfortable, very good Very comfortable. The soles also very comfortable.The Insole very fit and very breathable.I am very satisfied shoesThis is a double great shoes
B000XEKK94 i recommend these i do recommend these shoes  i ordered !/2 size larger , but should have ordered just what i wear.these shoes are very comfortablei put mink oil on them but they dont need any, they are waterproof anyway.
B000XEKK94 Excellent product! I have owned these shoes for about 6 months now and am absolutely pleased with the make and quality - its a BMW of the shoes!Great styling is why I bought the shoes for but it surprised me in other perfornamce avenues - for e.g. its simply great in the snow. Its very light for its size and very comfortable to wear for long hours. It is water resistant like they claim.Overall, expensive shoe but you get what you pay for, a great buy for those who need it or want it just for the styling.By the way, I bought the shoes at Sears and it was a great experience, they even exchanged the shoe for a different size few days later without issues.
B000XELF3O Great but cumbersome. I like these shoes. They're tough and comfortable. My only problem is they're extremely heavy!! But you can't go wrong with them.
B000XELF3O The shoes are just what I expected. They fit me perfectly and the price is reasonable.  I wear them to work and colleagues compliment on the shoes.
B000XELF3O hard boot The shipping was fast and product arrived in good condition. But these shoes ankle terribly mistreated. The first time I wore these shoes are amazing left blisters. They are very hard to walk, nothing to do with the others of the same brand that we bought.
B000XELF3O Great Shoes for Rough Work I bought these shoes for my husband who works in an Autobody shop. He loves the shoes but did complain about the boots wearing sores on his heel; however this doesn't stop him from wearing the shoes. The shoes are really comfortable according to him.
B000XELF3O great shoes these shoes are so comfortable when i used it on a 50 mile appalachian trail hike you just need to were them in first then take them they are also very comfortable when im hunting they are very silent
B000XELF3O great  shoes just lace them up tight 1st few days they are stiff but after that they are great,just have to lace them up tight,they are more comfortable to walk in than my NIke's and that's the honest truth,great shoes,price is worth it also
B000XELF3O These shoes are THE BOMB! (Meaning Good) Received my shoes started wearing them immediately at the job-site and they're incredible. It takes about two weeks to break in a pair but they are so comfortable and built to last. You can't go wrong with this purchase...
B000XELF3O Great choice Great shoes,  great work shoes,  protect your toes,  but I purchased the light color for my boyfriend for Christmas an he walks through a factory and they get dirty so easily.
B000XELF3O Awesome. My boyfriend loves his new work shoes! He's really excited that he won't have to wear his holey Walmart shoes anymore.
B000XELF3O Great Shoes These Shoes are among the best I have worn ,they fit very well and are very comfortable to walk in .Several other brands I have worn are very slippery on slightly wet surfaces . These shoes have not been slippery at all . The pattern is different and large enough that small rocks and debris do not stick like some of my other shoes . I recommend these shoes to anyone who wants comfortable waterproof shoes for walking or just everyday wear .
B000XELF3O love these for my boyfriend i got him these shoes since he would rather wait till his shoes are completely falling apart. they look really nice on him and he says they r comfy so far. seem very sturdy and tough but look sleek.  he says they run a little large. i got him a size 10.5 wide which he usually wears. great buy and price!
B000XELF3O exelent shoes this shoes keep my toes dry, warm, and confortable ... best work shoes i've baught... easy to tie and untie.... easy to walk with as well
B000XELF3O Great shoes for the price Took longer than expected to arrive but was updated accordingly.  Shoes fit perfect. They are definitely waterproof and slip resistance.  Very comfortable so far.
B000XETJU0 comfortable shoes I bought these on behalf of a family friend that gave them as a gift--so I do not have first hand experience. However, I heard that the shoes are really soft and comfortable and just right and great for working on your feet all day.
B000XETJU0 GREAT SHOES I have searched wolverine,redwing boots and could find nothing compared to the Timberland Pitboss for comfort and support. I have arthritus in my feet,and this is the most confortable shoes ever right out of the box. Dont worry, just buy !!!
B000XETJU0 Great shoes I really like the design and color of the shoes. Moreover my feet does not sweat at all in them and they are very comfortable for walking. Overall, very good quality shoes.
B000XETJU0 My go-to work shoes Ive bought these before and will continue to do so. I ask a lot of my shoes and these puppies can take it!
B000XETU1I Items received Have just received my new pair of shoes n cant wait to put it to use later...shoes looked great and fits well...very pleased with the efficient and quick delivery time...will sure get more in time to come...tnx...
B000XETX7O Excellent shoes! This shoes are great. I bought it for work and are very comfortable, they 7/360 in a construction environment are are tough. I always buy Timberland as they are the best shoes I ever had.
B000XEVJJO Garbage These are the worst pair of high top shoes I have ever bought. They do not and will not stay tied. I can't walk 10 feet without these shoes coming untied. I have never ever had a pair of shoes that will not stay tied. Every god damn block I have to retie these shoes. They are the worst designed pair of shoes I have ever bought. I will never ever buy or recommend these shoes again. If I had another pair of shoes to wear, even tennis shoes in the snow I would send these back. They are garbage as far as I am concerned and definitely not worth more than a penny.
B000XEVJJO Terrific shoes. I love these shoes. I love the look, they're comfortable as hell. They take a lot of abuse. I wear out these puppies so often with my activities otherwise I'm pretty sure they'd last years. My feet feel wonderful in them. I'm never tired in them.
B000XEVJJO Good Shoes great working shoes, i have been looking for those kind for a long time, light, rough and comfortable, good combination!
B000XEVJJO great shoes it is very good! this shoes high confort, soft and secure for the work every day.  long life time, great purchase
B000XEVLF6 Not What I Paid For, But Probably OK For Some These shoes aren't garbage, but for the steep price I'm not impressed.Yes, they are beautiful on the outside, but that's really all they have going for them.I found them impossible to break in as the sole is almost made of solid plastic, or at least seems to be. At the factory I work at people track grease and coolant across the floor from their shoes, and these shoes have literally no traction due to their stiff soles, so when I hit a patch of grease or coolant there is no hope of the shoes saving me. Even just a little patch of water causes me to slip.Another thing is the annoying open sided metal clips at the top to loop the laces around. These seem senseless due to the fact that these are shoes, not boots.I paid in excess of 80 dollars for these shoes and wore them for a week before reverting to my Brahma's that I paid about 30 dollars for.I'm sure these shoes would be ok for someone who works in one spot all day and really only needs them purely for the fact that they have steel toes, but for anyone who's going to put their steel toes to the test, these aren't for you. Don't be fooled by their appearance.
B000XEVLF6 Great buy These shoes fit great. The uphold the higher standards expected from a Timberland shoe. The steal toe is great for work in industrial environment. Shoes adjust to slid on and off easily if desired. (Airport security). Minimal to no fatigue on feet for a 12 hour work day.Update: After a few months, these shoes are still solid and comfortable. I will defiantly buy again in the future.
B000XEVLF6 just put 'em on...love them so far Shoes are lightweight, comfortable enough and breathe well.  I am a salesman that has to go out to the warehouse fairly often...they are perfect as they look good with my attire and work well as warehouse shoes.  I've read reviews saying how they take a while to break in...I don't have that problem; they are very comfortable right out of the box.  And this is from a man with bunions.
B000XEVLF6 Great Traction But Not Great For Long Days After much disappointment with other brands, I now only buy Timberland shoes.  They have outlasted other brands I have bought by far.  I have come to expect greatness from every Timberland product.  However, I've learned that when buying sub-$100 shoes, comfort may be sacrificed.  These Timberland PRO 61009 Mudsill Low Steel Toe Oxford shoes have great traction, a great look, plenty of toe room, and a pretty durable exterior.  The negatives are a thin insole that fatigues feet after more than 6-8 hours, and a less-than-durable interior.  After wearing these intermittently for only a few months, the inside of the heels have begun to wear through.  I would recommend these, but with an aftermarket insole such as Dr. Scholl's.Edit: these shoes have actually displayed the least durability of any Timberland shoes I have ever bought.  In addition to the heels rubbing through very early, some of the treads have popped off of the bottom of the shoe, and large holes have formed in the leather at the flexed areas behind the toe.  Also, there is some strange residues that wick from the toe area if these get the least bit wet.  One seems to be some sort of oil which leaves dark spots, and the other seems to be a salt that leaves white stains radiating out from the out-sole at the front.  I have greatly enjoyed their style and traction, but have been disappointed with their durability.
B000XEVLF6 General This pair of shoes of good quality, but comfort in general, did not think these shoes toe heavy when walking, feeling very heavy footsteps. The rubber soles are hard, soles and road contact, making much noise.
B000XEVLF6 Good shoes The shoes fit well and are comfortable. Hopefully they will last longer than my last shoes. I spend a lot of time on my feet.
B000XEVLF6 good shoes Good shoes with reasonable prize, fit very well and very comfortable, as expected.Recommended for good safety shoes to wear.
B000XEVLF6 Good solid shoe I bought these for my son who will wear them rain, shine, or snow.  He likes steel toes (the steel covers his toes more completely and the soles have better traction than the Dunham work shoes he had previously) and he doesn't mind that they are heavier than some shoes because they protect his feet so much better.  The shoes are well built and give good support. This will be the only pair of shoes he plans to wear for the next year and they look like they'll last that long. It took a bit to break them in, but for a work/general purpose shoe it wasn't a lot of time.  If you want light weight shoes these are not them.  If you want something that will protect your feet better than the average athletic shoe on the otherhand....
B000XEVLF6 Great shoes I couldn't buy it at Sears and shopped online and got it.....great shoes for work and it only took about 2-3 days to get them broke in and now they are the best work shoes I ever bought.
B000XEVLF6 Great shoes The product filled my expectations.It is an excellent shoe for work in the industry, it is comfortable and lighter than other shoes. It arrive in the time scheduled and in great conditions.
B000XEVLF6 Happy Happy wit da shoes So far so good. I can't comment about the longevity of the shoe at this time.  I can tell you its a very comfortable shoe. I walk a lot (Electrician) and I'm typically pretty hard on shoes.  I normally buy Red wings but I wanted something lighter. I usually wear out a pair in a years time and get them resoled.  If I get a year out of these and toss them I'm money ahead.  If you were trying  these on in a shoe store you would buy them because the fit is good,  there comfortable and don't pinch., they look good,  have a steel toe and the price is good. There would be no reason not to buy them .  So far very happy.Update 12=10-2013.  I got pedometer app on my phone and have been averaging 4 miles a day.  Today I walked 7.  Three out at the forest preserve.  I wore these shoes instead of my walking shoes and found them to be more comfortable.  I really like them.
B000XEVLF6 Good shoes. I've bought at least 6 pairs of these shoes in the past 5-6 years and I'm happy with them. I wear them almost every day and I'm pretty hard on shoes. The only thing I don't like is that I sometimes wear holes in the toes and I think that's because of the steel toes of the shoes. Not a huge problem and I'll continue to buy more.
B000XEVM50 Great shoes Love these shoes. This is my third pair for work, they have lasted about year and a half  each set. I figure that's not bad for 40+ hours a week and dealing with aviation chemicals
B000XEVM50 Best Work Shoes Ive ever Bought! These shoes are great! Extremely lightweight, durable, and very comfortable. They feel like u are gelling. I am gonna buy me another pair and I just got these! I do a lot of walking and standing while at work and I am also a big guy but with these shoes you don't even notice you have them on they are so comfortable. They also look very good and stylish I've received many good comments from other co-workers and customers asking me where I got them? I highly recommend these!
B000XEVM50 Very comfortable footwear! Great shoes!.  i am a big dude and these are the most comfortable steel toed shoes I have ever owned.  way much more comfortable than My Dr. Martens.
B000XEVM50 Great shoes I'm very pleased so far with the comfort of the shoes, but I'll report back in 5 months and give an update
B000XEVM50 DO NOT BUY!!! I was vey happy with these shoes when I bought them. I wore them to work and they were very comfortable. On the flip side I have not had them 6 months and the hook on the top for the shoes strings has broken off. They are very cheaply made and I will not buy these again. Very comfortable but very cheap shoes. Wont hold up long. Don't buy!!
B000XEVM50 Great work shoes These boots are comfy, but still require inserts which is why I only gave them 4 stars. They do require a little break in but so do all shoes. I'm on my feet all day and these shoes meet my expectations.  I would buy these shoes again. They are built tough.
B000XEVM50 Great shoes! I bought these shoes for my son who works at a factory.  He says they are more comfortable than any others he has tried.  He has only been wearing them for a few months, so I don't know how long they will last, but so far, so good.
B000XEVM50 Very comfortable. And I'm a big guy. I'm in the construction industry (Millwrights), I'm 6'4", I weigh 360lbs, and I'm wearing a pair of 15D's. I really like these shoes. I can't say much yet about long term durability yet, as I've only been wearing these for about 5 months now. But these are definitely the most comfortable work shoes I've ever had. They're relatively light for steel-toe shoes and they're cushioned inside like high quality sneakers. I recommend these to other big guys I know.
B000XEVM50 Most comfortable work shoes to date. I've been trying different steel/composite toed shoes for years hoping to find some that fit and feel like these, finally. They are as close to running shoe comfort as you can get, and the price on Amazon is 10-20$ less than any retailer that carries them!
B000XEVM50 Very very good These shoes are very comfortable, great for everyday where you spend hours standing and walking, safe on wet and full of lubricants, recommend 100%
B000XEVM50 Stand all day? I simply love these shoes. I work in a foundry grinding castings all day and these are the best steel shoes I have ever owned.I owned a pair of Timberland Pro work boots and they always fit to narrow and small. These Timberland Pro work shoes are comfortable and light weight. You cant go wrong with these shoes. Great padding in these shoes
B000XEVM50 Quite Satisfactory! Other posted comments were very helpful. Thank you.These shoes are lighter than most steel toed work shoes.  After replacing the original insoles with a pair of Spenco heavy duty insoles (which I always do), the shoes fit well and are very comfortable.  The lacing eyelets appear to be well designed so they won't pull out over time.The outsole is a harder material than I'm used to, but I suspect will wear well.
B000XEVM50 VERY GOOD SHOES THE SHOES RESULT VERY, VERY GOOD TO ME,  THANK YOU VERY MUCHI'M GOING TO BUY OTHER SHOES IN THE NEXT WEK
B000XEVM8W Tough Shoes Good shoes will require a few days for break in but I think they will be alright.They fit a little snug.
B000XEVM8W best on the market for safety shoes This is my 2nd pair and hope they continue to sell this. I work in the landscaping trade and am on my feet 10-12hrs and with these shoes on you would never no it.  Very light, comfy, and breathable.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY PERSON IN THE CONSTRUCTION/LANDSCAPE TRADE, you will be glad you bought these
B000XEVM8W Shoes fit as expected Shoes are very comfortable for a 10 hour day standing on concrete floorsDefinately suggest ordering a half size larger than usual as recommended
B000XEVM8W Best Shoes I've found in a long time! This is one of the very few shoes that fit perfectly and does not hurt my feet.  No more searching for shoes!
B000XEVM8W great work shoes My husband loves these shoes. He had knee surgery and had a lot of pain from the weight of his boots. We got these shoes and he immediately noticed a difference. His pain was almost gone. I am ordering another pair of these.
B000XEVM8W worst timberland shoes I have ever tried. I ordered Widest width made, shoes are labeled EEE width ut are narrower than standard width shoes from any other manufacturer. I can only imagine that these must have been designed by someone with feet shaped like paper towel tubes. I cant believe timberland let these escape the factory with their name on it, all of the other timberlands I own are extremely comfortable, these feel like a violation of my feet's human rights. These shoes are well made, but designed by the Marque de sade.
B000XEVM8W good shoes I love the shoes now that they have broken in before that happens they will kill you feet but still worth getting.
B000XEW60K Something went seriously wrong with these shoes after I bought them I ordered a pair of these and was pretty excited to try them out. I got them Thursday and took them for a walk the first time on Saturday just to the grocery store and back. When I got back, I noticed that my brand new pair of shoes had inexplicably developed big white gashes on the side of each where the steel toe is. It looked kind of like somebody had taken some rocks and bashed them against my shoes or something.The material on the outside looked good and thick, so even if I for some reason was scraping them on the sidewalk or something (which I don't know how I would do that and not notice, but let's think hypothetically here) I don't really see why they would look that terrible just from a 1.5 mile trip or so to the store and back. I don't really know what to say about it since I've never seen a pair of shoes do this before. I'm guessing maybe the material on the outside was stretched too thin or something and the act of putting my feet in them tore it or something? I'm just blindly guessing...So, I ended up sending them back. That's one thing that was nice, they come with a 30 day warranty so because they got busted up so fast I was able to send them back without issue and get a refund. It may have just been a manufacturing flaw for that particular pair of shoes: I'm not sure.As far as the actual comfort of wearing them goes... well, they just weren't for me. I'm the kind of guy who has to wear 13W and even then my feet are still too wide or long for some of these shoes. I lost the gamble by ordering these, unfortunately. These were just a little too narrow for me and because of the steel toe I developed a couple of sores on my little toes of each foot which healed up after a day or so just from the little walk I did. They're very heavy, so if you're not strong in the legs they may not be for you.If there's anything positive I have to say about the experience of buying these shoes, it's that I felt pretty awesome when I had them on. You feel like you can stomp some fools out, if you know what I mean!It's a shame they turned out so badly for me. I was excited.
B000XEW60K Nice shoes Comfy shoes,fit good and look nice. They look like a sturdy pair of shoes I would order these again thanks
B000XEW60K Pretty Darn Good The shoes come a little on the large side.  Typically a 10.5 fits great, these are more like an 11 or an 11.5 but its not a big deal.  I have had no problem with them slipping off; they are very secure.  I wear ankle socks (one step above from the no-shows) and at times there is a little bit of chaffing on my Achilles tendon, I suspect if the shoes were to fit more snugly this problem would be compounded.These shoes are leather and naturally if they are kicked against any hard objects (metals, wood, concrete) small pieces of the leather will be damaged.  Not a huge deal in my opinion.  The shoes don't squeak out of the box either.
B000XEW60K Very good steel-toe shoes At first they were a bit tedious to put on with thick socks, but after a week or two they break in very nicely.  I get new work shoes once a year and have been particular to the Timberland Pro line for quite some time now.  I would have to say that I like these shoes better that the other more popular Timberland Pro's.
B000XEW60K These shoes are awesome!! I've had 5 pairs of these shoes for work over the last 4 years and they can't be beat.  I just bought my 6th pair yesterday from Amazon.  These shoes are very comfortable for standing or working, they look great and hold up very well.  This is a really great product if you need steel toes and want to have something that looks and feels great.  I even wear them out after work.
B000XEW60K Slip-on is essential I remove and put on my shoes many times a day as I walk through my house from my shop to the office. The shop floor is often dirty, and I cannot drag that stuff into the house on my shoes. Thus, Slip on shoes are a must.These are pretty rugged shoes, and heavier than the &#34;Pay:Less China slip ons that I am used to. I purchased a shoe horn to aid in the slip-on action because the heel surround of the shoe is fairly stiff.. It is an extra hassle to put on the shoes with a shoe horn. Yet,  the shoes ARE rugged, and I expect that they will break in to allow me to discard the shoe horn eventually. I  walk our dogs two miles every morning in these Timberland shoes. I must have about 20 miles on them now. They still need the shoe horn.
B000XEW60K Great shoes These shoes run large.  It was ok for me since I have wide feet.  Break in period was very short.  They are holding up excellent.
B000XEW60K Great shoe! I bought these shoes on Amazon because I am a 15 wide.  That being said, these shoes fit perfectly from the get go.  A better alternative compared to the Red Wing custom shoes that cost $180.
B000XEW60K Worst shoes ever The bottom interior piece as hard as a cement. Very painful.  Hurts bottoms of feet - very painful. The upper piece is designed too high and digs hard into the instep causing pain. When you remove shoes and socks you may see big red indentation into your instep. I returned these shoes to Amazon immediately and ordered Dr. Scholls Winders which are very comfortable and met expectations.
B000XEW60K Comfort out of the box Shoes are a gamble even being able to try them on.  The good selection of sizes encouraged me to try ordering these, and it ended up being a solid choice. I normally wear a 1/2-size smaller, but did not want to end up with a too small shoe.  They are slightly big, but with a running sock instead of a dress sock they are fine.Travelling overseas I wore these on the trip there, extra convenience at security since they slip on and off. The first day they were on my feet 16 hours straight including jaunts around a mine.  They were so comfortable I almost forgot I had new shoes on were it not for their standout appearance (no scuffs etc.).  They are also not too bulky as safety shoes go, so I can still fit them in my small carryon suitcase. They also serve sytlishly as a business-casual shoe, and it'd be hard to tell they are actually safety shoes.The only drawback: a little hard to get on and off for a slip-on, but this is easing with use and will probably cease to be an issue at all.
B000XEW60K I love these shoes! Just two important things to consider. CONS:These shoes are the smallest size 12 I ever used and had to get a size 13. With socks... forget it. But size 13 fits me perfect. Only time in my life I ever had to use size 13.These shoes don't have any kind of holes so they don't breathe. Work in hot conditions with socks and they get very hot.They're not the most beautiful (got the brown).The toes scratch easily.PROS:Any shoes are gonna get hot.They are solidly constructed.Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and my wife thinks they're beautiful.Of course the toes are gonna get scratched easily you twit. It's steel there! It buffs out easily too with polish. These are construction shoes designed to PROTECT your feet not dance with. Use a little polish if you're concerned with what the other construction workers will think.These shoes WILL protect your toes.These shoes are LIGHT for being construction shoes.Overall, I love these shoes. The only real problem I had with them was the 12's were too small... so had to go up to 13. 13 was just perfect. Put a $15 pad in there I got from a local drug store and it feels like I'm walking on air and suddenly I'm as tall as George Foreman in these shoes. haha. Love these shoes and would buy them again. Just consider buying one size up from your normal size. I already have big wide feet so it's okay. My wife says they look great!
B000XEW60K Super comfortable This is the first pair of slip on work shoes I have ever bought. I was tired of wearing the big heavy boots at work. These timberland steel toed shoes are very lite and extremely comfortable. The fit is perfect, I was just amazed when I put them on. Just remember if you don't already have a shoe horn, your going to need to purchase one to put these shoes on properly. Thanks Again Timberland!Mark Kinsey
B000XEW60K Great looking shoes. Bought these for my son for work.  He likes the slip on shoes.  Timberland shoes are always first-rate.  Leather is beautiful and holds up well.
B000XEW60K great these are great work shoes, true to fit , very comfortable  on second pair of shoes, use them in everyday use on my feet all daywhen done for the my feet dont hurt like if i was in boots or tennis shoes , very good shoe
B000XEW60K I realy like the looks of the shoes The shipping was fast and the shoes fit great. The realy look great and are very comfortable. I would recomend them other workers.
B000XEW60K Work/travel I purchased these shoes to allow me to travel on a plane, land, and go directly to a jobsite without having to carry a second set of safety shoes. They are comfortable and light enough to wear all day. They fit a little large if you have a narrow/skinny foot, so keep that in mind. I tend to wear an 8.5 or 9 but felt a bit more comfortable in the 8 for these. The length is a bit snug, but because they are a slip on I needed the smaller size.
B000XEW60K Good shoes Nice solid shoes. They broke in quickly and I wear them every day at work. I have foot issues and have had no problems with these shoes.
B000XEXZ7I Nice Shoes These shoes are tough and very comfortable.I would recommend these shoes to anyone.You cannot go wrong with Timberland shoes.
B000XF04LM Good pair of work shoes. These shoes wear well and are comfortable. I would recommend them for anyone working on concrete orhard flooring. Good value.
B000XF04LM Comfortable shoes I purchased my 1st pair these shoes at a shoe store in 2011 and they were the most comfortable hard toe shoesthat I had worn. I easily walk up to  1 mile during my work shift sometimes 2 to 3 miles and these shoes give my feet no problems.The 1st pair lasted about 16 months , but the store did not have them anymore , I was glad to find them here. The order can quicklyand me and my feet are happy. There were some other guys at work that had this shoe also and they all said they liked them.
B000XF04LM Great shoe I love these shoes. I been wearing them for about 3 months and hardly any wear.I work at a bottling factory and I walk around 3 miles during my shift on hard concretefloors, Very comfortable. I been wearing Timberland shoes on and off for 15 years.Sometime I will go and buy another brand of work shoes that are cheaper but I always comeback to Timberland shoes. The only issue I have with these shoes, that the laces need tobe tight. Laces will come lose. Very minor issue.
B000XF04LM Great work shoe - perfect fit These shoes are great. I wear my shoes hard and these are incredibly comfortable. I'm on my feet a lot and my job takes a real toll on shoes.You get what you pay for here.
B000XF04LM Nice shoes This is my 2nd pair of these shoes; I plan to wear them only for a year, as I do a tremendous amount of walking on the job.  Very comfortable to wear all day.
B000XF04LM Great shoes!! I purchased these as my work shoes. I love the fit, the style, and especially the insole. I have tried many other brands, but this one works the best for long days on my feet.
B000XF04LM Incredible comfort I have been buying these shoes exclusively for two years now and find them to be the most comfortable shoe I have worn. I am a big guy 6'3" and 300lbs I wear a size 14 wide. I am on my feet all day and these shoes make it possible. I broke my left foot around 4 years ago and these were the first shoes I found that don't kill me after 4-5 hours. I used to wear the identical shoes in brown 47028. These are my first black pair and after 2 months I can assure you they are the same.
B000XF04LM They used to be the best wearing shoes I could buy I have bought several pairs of these shoes for work over the last 10 years. They used to be the best wearing shoes I could buy. But this pair and the last ones I bought (last year) are both the worst feeling new shoes after a few hours in them. I thought maybe I just got a bad pair last year, and decided to try again.  But I think these are even worse on my feet than any I've had. I won't buy another pair of Timberland shoes for work. It feels like you are walking on the concrete without shoes on. My feet hurt worse than ever.
B000XF04LM Timberland pro shoes They are well made shoes but don't fit as well as the pro series boots  I will continue to buy the boots not to sure about the shoes
B000XF04LM Best pair of work shoes I love these shoes! second pair I have gotten. More comfortable than some of my dress shoes. Sizing is a little tight when you first wear them, but after 2-3 days they fit perfectly.
B000XF4D1Y "Those Look Like Comfortable Shoes...." I rarely ever write reviews....but when I find something this great, I must give credit. Aside from my Asics running shoes, these are the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned! I received them for a Christmas gift about 3 years ago and have run them into the ground, so I'm buying 2 more pair (brown and black). I'm a project manager for a construction company and these they translate well from office comfortable to rugged field supervision. They felt virtually broke in right out of the box and are great if your on your feet a lot. My guess is that they'd also be great for people working on a manufacturing floor as well. I hope Timberland continues to make these for a very long time. I have a wider foot, so I'm also glad that they have quite a variety of sizing options.Brent GrayNapoleon, OH
B000XF4D1Y Great shoes I love these shoes but they don't seem to be as comfortable as the previous high top shoes of the same brand and style that I purchased more than a year ago.  I need to give them more time as I just received them and need to break them in.  I have worn Rocky's, Wolverines, and these without a doubt feel much better than either of those brands.
B000XF4D1Y A great pair of shoes These are very nice shoes with a perfect fit.  The only problem is that the shoe strings are too short.
B000XF4D1Y Nice shoes! The shoes fit as expected, and I enjoy wearing them in the office where it's business casual.  I need a black pair now!  :)
B000XF4D1Y Great shoes My husband bought these shoes over 7 years ago and wore them all the time.  It finally came time for a new pair and he wouldn't have anything except these same shoes again!!
B000XF4D1Y Super Shoe Fit is perfect. Comfortable all day long. No break-in required! I highly reccommend Timberland shoes and boot to everyone. This is my first pair of shoes but i have had two pairs of boots and they have all been great.
B000XF4D1Y First Week out of the box i really was not expecting much they looked good but no real wow a little heavy but not bad and good supportIt has only been a week but theese shoes are not dissapointing,  i have been trying not to spend $200 replacing my drew shoes which had been my measuing stick, and so far theese shoes have been able to cut it the question is time. at 250 lbs i am on my feet all day in and out of many spots it is not unusual to be on a roof then in a meeting i cant have lousy shoes so so far so good.
B000XF4D1Y good shoes this shoes are the best  working shoes I ever have I recoment very good very comfortable I will buy anothe  pair
B000XF4D1Y BEST Shoes I've bought Lightweight, simple, well made, and EXTREEMLY COMFORTABLE!! Just what I was looking for. Arrived quickly. Recommend for work or pleasure.
B000XF4D1Y Couldn't be better I work in an office environment as a computer technician. I have a bad back and am on my feet for most of the day. Having comfortable, supportive shoes that also look decent is a non-negotiable requirement. These are hands down the most comfortable shoes of ANY kind I can remember owning.I've always worn Rocky oxfords, which are fine. But I've never been able to find a pair of brown shoes that were in their league. These exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds. I've only had them for about 6 weeks, so I can't speak to their longevity. When they do wear out, you can bet I'll be getting another pair!
B000XF4D1Y Good shoe ! Got shoes for my son and je waers them everywhere. GOOD SHOES and thanks for a tough pair of shoes.
B000XF4D1Y Perfect work shoes If you looking for the very VERY comfortable work shoes, then this is it.No steel toe, light, soft, and very comfortable wearing for all day long.I would prefer to anyone who needs the good w.shoes.I was hesitating because the price, its worth every single penny of it.
B000XF4D1Y recommendation I would like to recommend these shoes. they look very nice, and they are very comfortable.buying was very easy. got the shoes in a short time.
B000XF4D1Y Great shoes but consider sizing... Great shoes, second purchase of this shoe for my husband who wears them daily. These shoes do run nearly a full size larger than his other shoes including athletic shoes so size down. He has found they keep his feet stable and do aggravate his heel discomfort.
B000XF4D1Y If you need Lightweight Shoes these are not them... These are good looking shoes. I bought them because of the great reviews.  However, I found them heavier than expected. If you need lightweight shoes these are not for you.
B000XF4D1Y Great Shoes I love this shoes.  I already own the Timberland Pro High Hi Top Boot and was looking for a shoe just as comfortable for the summer.  These are great and extremely comfortable.
B000XR2GN4 Inconsistency order Departure came quickly. Good quality shoes. Size is correct. But the shoes have come a different color does not matter which I ordered. I'm a little disappointed.
B000XR2GN4 Very poor quality Very comfortable shoes and fit as expected. But soles cracked after 3-4 months on both shoes. Very disappointed with purchase. My first Timberland with very poor quality.
B000XR2GN4 Best Shoes Ever Timberlands are the most comfortable shoes out there. For everyday use this is just what you are looking for. The only draw back is they aren't real waterproof. The sole comes loose from the upper if you get them a little wet.
B000XR2GN4 Good boots for the Money My first time buying shoes on line not sure if shoes will fit and the hassle of returning them or losing money. the size was perfect 8 W as if I had tried them at the store. The right boot squeaked at first every step I took and my first thought was Here we go crappy cheap shoes! I told myself maybe its because of the real leather and it has to break in. I Hoped.  After a few days it did stop. The structure of this boot has helped my ankle from aching after a long day on my feet. That was my biggest worries, I am going to buy another one before this model get discontinue.
B000XR30FM Very Comfortable I live in these shoes.  Extremely comfortable.  I feel like I could replace my running shoes with them.  I'm very happy I found a Wide Width.
B000XR7ME2 Love the shoes I bought these shoes for work work/hiking. Yes they are a bit heavy (bad for the hiking part) but they are steel-toe so I guess that was expected. The tread is really good. They are very comfortable and  the price was right. Great shoes!
B000XRBAAE I like my Timberland! Timberland Pro Women's Titan 6 shoes are really high quality. It's nesessary for Russian winter. My feet were dry and warm even when the temperature was - 25C!!! I am totaly satisfied with my purchase. It may be a good idea to buy the shoes, wich 1/2 size smller, than your own size.
B000XXGMRO Excelent Shoes Shoes very comfortable, I can recommend for use on any type of roads, excellent for jobs that require strength in the feet
B000XXGMRO Great pair of shoes I would like to thank everyone who wrote a review of these shoes suggesting to buy a size smaller than what you normally wear. I wear a 10 1/2 in Nike's, but ordered a 9 1/2 in these as reccommended and they fit perfect! These are a great pair of boots. Very comfortable right out of the box and look great. I haven't had any issues with these shoes and would definitely recommend them.
B000XXGMRO Buying Second Pair (7.5M) I bought the dark brown ones a few months ago - I love wearing them.I haven't found nice boots that look like this in black, so I bought black ones a day ago, here on Amazon.A few people are saying that the sizing is off - its true - so, to help future buyers i'd like to just compare my first pair, which are a size 7.5M.I don't have a ruler, but i do have an envelope. Everybody gets mail, so you can try this with any of your own shoes to measure the difference.First, Get a regular white envelope, fold it in half (longwise), and fold it again (the same way).I placed one side against the edge of the heel. The length of my Timberlands (7.5M) were about 5 folds long of the white envelope, with just a regular pencils width to spare.When i do the envelope test on my other shoes (sneakers, skate shoes, boat shoes, dress shoes) they are all approximately 5 folds of the white envelope in lenght.These boots are thinner then skate and sports shoes, so the fit is like dress shoes, there's no stuffin on the inside.If they fit a bit big, go out and buy some thick socks. Maybe you will have to wear two pairs of socks to really get that sneakers snug fit. But at least you will have the length of boot as your shoes so that you dont look like you have small feet when you wear them.One more thing, if you notice the pics of these boots, there's a lift on the toe, ...FYI, its not the pic. These boots by design have that lift. (i really hate it) but it sorta decreases after wear.
B000XXGMRO Great shoes and value for money! I bought this pair of shoes after reading the reviews, and it was true that Timberland makes their shoes half a size bigger than standard. I am a size 8, and I bought a 7.5 and it fits me perfectly. The shoes is extremely comfortable and good for outdoor activities and city life. I highly recommend it.
B000XXGMRO good quality shoes the shoes fit as expected and i love them,and often wear them outside,it service well,thx,and hope more shoes appear like them!
B000YDBIJU Good value and comfortable right out of the box They are comfortable shoes but make a strange loud "clumking" noice when I walked, In time when they are ware out, the noice goes away.Good value only if they are on sales, great walking shoes for the brand name
B000YDBIJU Great Is was exactly what I expected the shoes are very comfortable I recommend It to anyone free shipping Took alittle long but well worth it
B000YDBIJU A little heavy for summer shoes but nice I liked the shoes overall - the quality is very good and the style is nice. However, they were just a little heavy for me. I thought summer shoes especially, should be lighter than these. My dad said it fit as expected.
B000YDHHRW Not a comfort shoe these are uncomfortable shoes ... my right foot (arch) really hurts after wearing it for a day. Dont Recommend these shoes at all.
B000YDHYES Great shoes These are some of the best and toughest tennis shoes that I have ever had.  What a great pair of shoes.  I will probably buy another pair just like these if they ever wear out.
B000YDOEZK Amazing shoes These are amazing pair of shoes. I love them. Gr8 fit gr8 style. The shoes were just as they looked in the picture and the delivery was prompt as well.
B000YDUSVO Great comfortable and nice looking shoes It will not say much about this shoes.  I can only say that they are well designed, they are very very comfortable and great looking.That is what you can expect from Timberland always.
B000YDWLZ0 Great comfortable and nice looking shoes It will not say much about this shoes.  I can only say that they are well designed, they are very very comfortable and great looking.That is what you can expect from Timberland always.I use these when I go to the beach (they're not watershoes of course, I used them for a walk on the dry sand).
B000YDWYX4 Great and interesting. I decided to try these shoes because they were very interesting looking, but it turned out to be a GREAT buy! I love these shoes. They are comfortable, tough, and they look really good!
B000YDZSYG Boat Shoe Timberland shoes have always been top quality. These shoes fit the way I like and look good. The color in the picture is a little too yellow, the shoes are more tan.  Good buy!!!!!!!!
B000YSX4HO Most comfortable yet I've had Timberland shoes before, and they've always been well constructed and comfortable.  These were the most comfortable yet! Plenty of room in the toe, yet they fit well in the heel.  They look sporty and spiffy and I love them.  I'm going to get a second pair, for when these eventually wear out, because every time I find a pair of shoes I love, they get discontinued.The only thing I didn't like about these were the laces.  They look great! But they are the unpolished raw leather lace, which doesn't go through the lacing holes well.  There are also no tips on the laces, so once they become unlaced they are nearly impossible to re-lace.  I don't like the "inside out" style of lacing, so I took them out and tried to re-lace them, and finally gave up and used another pair of laces with tips.  The holes look like they were barely punched before the finishing grommets were set, so it will take a while before they loosen up.  The shoes are great but get different laces!
B000YT182G great shoes Good shoes. I bought them because they were on sale, available in my size, and a cute color. When they arrived, I found them to be nice and comfortable as well!
B000ZJYAEI Comfort and style This is my second pair of Timberland sandals, and I'm really starting to love Timberland.  The footbed is really comfortable - it has the perfect amount of flexibility (I HATE stiff soles), and it doesn't make my feet sweat or get slippery.But it doesn't look like a "comfort" shoe (bulky, heavy, etc).  The shoe is as cute on as it is in the picture.  At first I worried that these shoes made my feet look too "naked."  But it must be okay, because I have gotten several comments from people who love the shoes.I don't like spending a lot on shoes, but these are definitely worth the extra $$ that you pay for the Timberland name.
B000ZK0000 Great shoes for River Rafting I wore these shoes for three days on a river trip down the San Juan River in southern Utah. Three days of wet and sandy conditions. Let's just say my feet were well exfoliated. The shoes were comfortable and surprisingly easy to take off or put on even while wet. The laces kept them from sliding on my feet. I even did some short hikes in the shoes. They were great and very affordable.
B0013KH1KI Nice looking shoe, sturdy too Got these on sale, and I'm glad I did. I would have been quite disappointed if I paid full price. The material around the ankle started to frey - on all four shoes (bought two pair). They wash well, and over all hold up well. But I do not like having to "trim" the shoes nearly every time my boys wear them.
B0013KKZBK Great shoes.  Very durable and well constructed. These are great shoes and are constructed very well.  They are durable and easy to clean by just wiping them down.  I am pleased with this purchase.
B0013KMU3Q Top quality If you are looking for top quality child sandals, buy Timberland. This shoes are soft leather, even my wife complemented them as her being always critical about shoes.My son loves them and runs comfortably all day. All natural leather, very nice and long lasting. Your kids will love it, trust me :-)
B0016J8Q6O Excellent product These shoes are really child proof. My son has a special ability to tore down shoes extremely fast, and he has been using these shoes for school for the past 4 months and they are in perfect shape!
B0016JGVHA Good pair of shoes Got this pair of shoes for a very active 7 year old boy.  He is accustomed to ruining his shoes within a couple of weeks.  Its been 3 weeks and they are still in decent shape.  Lets hope this goes on.My only concern so far is that the soles already look worn out.  I am not sure if its purely cosmetic or if they are in fact wearing out fast.  TI should find out in the next couple of weeks if holes appear...
B0016ZP5TO Surprisingly Extremely Good-Looking ! Honestly when I saw this shoes online on Amazon's page I thought it wasn't that much of a good looking shoes , or even if it's relaxing or not.. but once I opened the box I was overwhelmed with happiness , because honestly this shoes is one of the best good-looking shoes I have ever seen , the way the lines are put together to form one of a kind apparel.But about the size usually I wear 14 US , big ' so as usual I ordered this one as a 14 M , I forgot that I might need it (W) so at first I was a little down because I really suffered to put it on , so I used something to help me to ( my fault ) , but after two times it became more relaxing and it stretched up a little , but believe  me you have to try and walk with this one , relaxing , comfortable , extremely good-looking and goes with whatever u want , but till now I didn't try to wear it without socks , it's a little bit formal for non-socks .
B0016ZP5TO Really like these shoes These shoes are pretty great.  Have been very happy with them and other timberland slip-ons that I've purchased.  The only negative is that the sole is a soft compound and seemed to wear a little quicker at the heel and ball of my food than I would have liked.  Probably because of my walking style so I won't blame it on the shoe.
B0016ZP5TO Attractive, comfortable, but quality questionable. These shoes are very attractive, and go well with jeans.  They are also comfortable as hell, and I've walked miles in them with no discomfort whatsoever.  The genuine swine leather looks and feels like it's high quality.  The stitching is mediocre.The problem is that although I've only had the shoes for a week, parts of the soles are starting to peel off.  This is happening with both shoes in the same places (near the heel, mostly).  I had to superglue the strips of sole back on.  That doesn't inspire a lot of confidence that the shoe was made with care.
B001701ZA6 Great Pair of shoes at a Great Price! i am saving these shoes for a trip that i am planning but i have since tried them on and modeled around the house in them. so for the most part i am very satisfied!
B0017023J8 beautiful and comfortable shoes the shipping was quickly, the shoes are very comfortable, every steps make me sure that was a grate deal to buy them, i get a lot of compliment from my friends - beautiful shoes!!!
B001702CV2 The Perfect Shoe An avid runner for the past thirty-five years, I have bought lots of top quality running shoes.  While I wouldn't recommend these particular shoes for running, they are super shoes for casual wear and hiking/walking, especially on rough terrain.  They are the perfect combination of support, firmness, rugged construction, secure traction, and comfort. After wearing these shoes, even top tier running shoes pale in providing firm sole support. In fact, these Timberlands have quickly become my favorite shoes for everyday wear.  A half-price purchase, they were also a terrific value--just another example of why I turn to Amazon.com as a first source for my shopping needs.
B001702CV2 A top quality shoe. I recently bought two pairs of Gore-Tex trail running shoes on Amazon. One pair was Timberland Vaporate running shoes and one pair was Adidas Trediac running shoes. I bought these Timberland shoes because of good experiences in the past with Timberland shoes.I have not yet used these for running. I have worn them a lot for daily activities and they are very comfy. The geometry of the shoe is such that the pivot is right under the ball of the foot, and I like that very much.Why have I not used them for trail running yet??  I happened to buy a pair of Adidas Trediac Gore-Tex shoes on the same order with Amazon and I have been running on them every dawn instead of the Timberlands.Let me mention that I run every day at 5am no matter the weather. I do not run on pavement. I am fortunate to have a nearby resource where I can run 4 miles offroad. Shoes make all the difference. Considering that these days I am running in the dark, it is important that each footstep is a good one when you run in the dark. Running in the dark is probably one of the most exhiliarating and liberating experiences one can have. I no longer run in daylight.Anyway... the Timberland Vaporate has a heavier than normal rubber toe area and sides than a normal trail running shoe... it is one tough shoe... and actually I will run on these when the snow comes... these should be excellent to use for running with showshoes this coming Winter. They will be perfect for locking into the snowshoes and keeping my feet dry while I run in the snow.From all indications I would say that the quality and construction of these shoes is superior to everything I have used in the past or now own. I am a runner, and I probably have 20 pair of running shoes that rotate through as the weather changes. Timberland makes good stuff. No question.Gore-Tex is another plus. What a delight having dry feet is. I may switch to nothing but Gore-Tex.You can't go wrong with these Timberland Vaporate shoes for trail running.
B001704YR2 Great shoes... will they last? These shoes are good-looking and comfortable. They are extremely light, almost to the point that I worry about how long they'll last. That remains to be seen but right now I'm very happy with these shoes.
B001704YR2 timberland these shoes are very comfortable with the rest of the timberland line, appealing shoes, the shoes do come appart with the rubber inserts, i wore these shoes more for outdoors than any kind of meeting.  they hold up well and are a solid pair of shoes especially if you have some shoe goo hanging around.  if you are planning on purchasing these they are very comfortable but show ware and tear easily(someone actually scratched the leather into a smily face...)hold up well except to minor scratches and minor glue issues.
B001704YR2 great looking and comfortable shoes The shoes fit well and comes with two pairs of shoe strings- brick red and brown.  The shoes have a dark reddish tone to them which makes them look unique. Very light and comfortable.  Great quality.
B001704YR2 great quality and comfortable Very nice shoes. It's awesome to get shoes delivered to my door and not have to go to several different stores to find the shoes I want.
B001704YR2 Comfortable, but not durable This is probably the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. I wear them regularly and am giving it two stars because it is so comfortable. A little over a month after I got the shoes, the stitching at the heel started to come loose. Since then parts of the sole have come loose and other signs of shoddy workmanship have become apparent. I am still wearing these shoes after two and a half months because I don't own a more comfortable pair, but I do not expect them to last another month.These shoes are the best shoes I've owned for comfort, but the worst I can remember for durability.And after a brief search on the Timberland website I didn't find a way to e-mail them my complaints, the 'contact us' link took me the careers section.
B001704YR2 Very Light but Hot! I was surprised how light these shoes are.  A bit pricey but very nice shoes, high quality, I have another pair of Timberlands so I expected the quality - wasn't disappointed.  Mine came with 2 sets of laces, the brown/red they show in the pictures and a solid brown set as well.  These shoes are warm! My feet get hot but I am wearing them in a warm spring.  They should make good cold weather shoes.  Love the soles too and very comfortable.  I ordered my normal size and they fit exact, I have a slightly wide foot but the medium width fit fine.  The smooth leather is sharp and seems to be durable although I haven't scuffed mine yet so I don't know how they'll clean up/polish out.
B001704YR2 Light and comfortable I bought these shoes for work. Was somewhat surprised how light weight they are. But they are comfortable and so far holding up. These are my second pair of Timberland shoes. The first fell apart much too soon, with de-lamination occurring at the toe and heal. Hope these last longer, they feel good on my feet.
B001704YR2 First real pair of shoes in two years and I love them. They were a bit tighter than I expected but after a little over a week of wearing them, they broke in nicely. They stretched easily enough and are excellent shoes.
B001704YR2 Excellent Love these shoes. Very comfortable. Casual but durable. I recommend these highly.I've always been pleased with Timberland shoes. They will last.
B001705L1K Very good shoes! I wear already second pair of these shoes. I wear them at work all day long. Shoes are light and comfortable. You will get so much and so cheap.
B001709TKE Disappointed I never order shoes online and now I know why. The shoes are good quality shoes and I can't find anything wrong with the workmanship. I just don't like the way they look in person. The photo online has the boot looking a little thinner around the top when in fact it is rather bulky. So I guess my rating isn't appropriate since it is based on my perception and not on the quality of the shoe.
B00170C4YM brown shoes LOVE these shoes!  So comfortable!!  And of course since I bought them on Amazon.com the price was AMAZING!!  Highly recommend these!
B001760EHA happyinflats These shoes are great!! Due to back problems I have to wear flats, but need some cushioning and support. These are the best shoes I've found.
B001760HFY "Great shoes" I love these shoes, they arrive very quickly. I got a great deal on them at Amazon. Every other site I went to including most on this sight, were very expensive, what I paid was a steel.
B0018ZYJWQ Still a decent boat shoe Considering they're made in China they seem okay but nowhere near the past Timberland quality boat shoes. I have a few timberland boat shoes purchased many years ago. Why can't Timberland keep making a model that was clearly a high quality winner?
B0019QWG92 Very pretty This shoes are identical on the picture online.  It is a little expensive for the children's shoes.  But my daughter was very happy.  I would recommend someone who wants to buy a good quality and pretty shoes.
B0019R180O Cool shoes My son is 3yrs and when I got him those shoes he did not take it off for the entire afternoon.It was only when he went to bed that I was able to take them off.........They are so cool looking.
B001ABTE7S nothing I bought this shoes for work, but there are not so comfortable, and the size do not match.buy a bigger size and shoes cushion to get more comfortable, and with that you will be okey
B001AQRYVQ Timberland does it every time Timberland is my favorite casual shoe brand, why? Because they don't only make nice looking shoes, but also high quality.These particular shoes fit me great, great floor grip, and they are waterproof!
B001AQRYVQ Good Looking, Great Fit I Love the looks and fit of these shoes. However, note that Timberland's measurements seem at least a half number longer and narrower than normal.  I wear 9.5 M shoes, but had to get a 9 W for the perfect fit.  I liked them so much that I ordered an extra pair in brown - beautiful.
B001AQRYVQ EXCELLENT!! ome of the most comfortable shoes I've ever walked in and that includes athletic shoes.  Quality product.  Have yet to be anything but pleased with Timberland shoes.  Had them for more than a year and still smile every time I look at these shoes.  Very happy with this purchase!!!
B001AQU2F6 great buy i love this shoes its colour arrangement and its a very strong shoes... you'll be getting the value for your dollar
B001AQU9S6 I love these shoes I love these shoes.  They are very comfortable, and people compliment me about these shoes all the time.
B001AQU9S6 The Euro Hiker, one fits all This great outdoor shoes, has a very price-quality relation. Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ???. Look at that. Confortable and good price.
B001AQUUB2 comfortable, good traction, businesslike appearance I had an old pair of Timberland low-top boots, and when I finally tossed them, I kept saying "If I had those black Timberland boots . . . until I finally bought a new pair.They are as comfortable as the first.  I was worried they would be less convenient, being medium height and requiring more lacing.  With the speed lacing, though, they are no more trouble than lacing up the low-tops.One of my needs is to walk on steep sloping wood and metal.  The Timberland sole has better traction for that than any other shoes I've tried, including hiking, construction, and topsider shoewear.  Other than that, I like to wear the same shoes for walking the dog that I wear to work, but I walk several miles a day and normal dress shoes don't work well for that.  These are great for hiking, and they have a quasi-conservative look to them that works for a dress shoe (well, as much as I want to dress up) too.  Great all-around footwear.
B001AV2TRA Timberland Earthkeepers I'm a guy on a budget, and I usually buy the cheapest things I can find, including shoes. But cheap shoes always wear out fast. I noticed my co-worker had on these shoes by Timberland, and I asked him how long he'd been wearing them. He said at least three years. My Walmart shoes never last that long! So I went ahead and invested in these Timberland shoes. All I can say is that so far they are way more comfortable and seem to be way more well-made than any shoe I've owned before. I'm really glad I got smart and spent a little more than I'm used to spending on footwear when I bought these Timberlands.
B001AV2TRA Wonderfully comfortable! I was a little skeptical when purchasing these shoes, as I wanted brown to match my coat and some of the reviews stated they didn't look like the photo. However, the shoes I received look exactly like the Amazon photo. The leather is a nice rich color, very supple and soft. The shoes look nice, but the best part - they feel absolutely terrific! I am not sure if I've ever owned a pair of shoes that felt so great on my feet. They didn't require a break in period either. The price was good, they look good, and they feel great.  What more can you ask for?
B001AV2TRA beautiful shoes Very comfortable and beautiful shoes! My friend saw my purchase and ordered the exact same! I recommend these shoes to buy!!
B001AV2TRA Very comfortable The shoes delivered quickly and they are Very comfortable, I like them. I'd like to recommend to my friends. Timberland, I trust it.
B001EP19V4 Very comfy shoes I just love these shoes. They are so comfortable and you can wear them anytime. They go perfectly with jeans and a polo. I used to own a pair in dark blue/brown, and I have worn them so much that the soles are now beyond repair, and I can no longer wear them to go out. So now I wear them when doing chores at home or in the garden. If these wear out, I will definitely buy them again.
B001EWFF30 Timberland footwears company is recommend I feel made comfortable shoes my feet.  Better hike half boot is shoes very so warm and regular soft too excellent.  I love it Timberland company.
B001EWFF30 Shoes Came in later than they said they would by almost a week. The shoes work fine for what needed for.
B001EWFF30 Comfortable right out of the box! I ordered a size 8, same as I wear in a sneaker.  Shoes fit perfectly.  The first time I wore them was a 3 mile hike with lots of uphill and downhill sections, in New Mexico.  I have to say these shoes were more comfortable than my Reebok sneakers for longer walks...No rubbing, feet didn't get too hot.  Well worth the $$$.
B001EWFF30 solid shoes ! good shoes - but need 3 pr of sox for working outside all day in em.. but hold up well !!
B001EWFFNK Great shoes Apart from the strong "rubber" odor coming from these shoes, they're very comfortable and nice looking.  I've had these for 3 weeks now, and the smell in the rubber parts still intact, hope it goes with usage.
B001FA1IGY replacement shoe Twenty years ago I bought a pair of these shoes and wore them until they fell apart.  They were very good barefoot slip-on shoes.  These shoes seem to be as good my previous pair.  My size 8 fit well with socks but are large for barefoot so I may buy a pare of 7.5.  These shoes are not made in the USA but are not made in China so I was pleased.
B001FA1IGY Little Too Big These fit a little too big, but they do look nice and are pretty comfortable. I put them to the test as my go to shoes while touring in Italy and Greece. Had a chance to take them from city streets, to cobble stone, to beaches, to boats. Performed pretty well. The coloring is not as dark as shown in the picture, and the picture does not show them being tie shoes. They are a bit lighter and they are tie shoes. I like them.
B001FA1IGY A very comfortable pair of boat shoe. This is my first proper leather boat shoes and I love it.The fit was just nice. The shoes are comfortable to walk in and the in-sole is very well padded for comfort.They look great and the soles are holding up well.For the price I paid, it was a total bargain.
B001FA1IGY Excellent Shoes These are great looking shoes, are true to specified size, and are quite comfortable. And the price is right as well.
B001FA1IGY Inconsistent Sizing I bought these shoes to replace a pair that I have now. I like the pair I have now but they're about 10 years old and showing a lot of wear. I hate buying shoes over the internet because there doesn't seem to be any standard for sizing (what does the U.S. Bureau of Standards do anyway?). I figured that since I was buying the same shoe in the same size from the same company I wouldn't have a problem. WRONG! The new shoes were way too small. When I held them up to the old shoes they were half an inch shorter! How can companies expect to sell things through the internet or mail order if customers never know what they're going to get? When you order shoes or clothes you need to have a reasonable expectation that they will fit. Otherwise, what's the point?
B001FA1IGY Look great Best shoes for pants better then my sperries, I have 3 different pair of sperries and these are my favorite shoes
B001FA1IGY Great price, really good deck shoe 2nd pair in 10 years. Very comfortable and light weight. My Sperry deck shoes offer more support. But, are 40 bucks north on price. The Timberland shoes have a softer and thinner sole thats not so good for long walks. However, great when using them as intended for that day out on the boat.
B001FA1IGY Shoes are greatness great feels wonderful, soft leather, fits great. Love these shoes, i will buy another pair of these exact shoes so keep the ads coming!
B001FB5N4Q Timberland Men's Barnstead trail shoes Light brown..7.5M These shoes run true to size and very comfortable for long trail walks..A must buy item if you are a keen trekker..
B001FXZU92 Love these shoes This is the second pair of these shoes I purchased and I will purchase another in about a year and a half. much better life that I've ever gotten out of a pair of shoes. I wear them every day in a foundry and they held up very well. Very comfortable, I like the high quality lace hooks, the rubber coating over the toe and the fact that they are puncture resistant. Great shoes.
B001FXZU92 great shoes There's no doubt about this shoes it fits comfortable, and it is ideal for my type of job Construction it will certainly protect your feet.
B001GAP2QK What little boys are made of...... I purchased these field boots for my 2 1/2 year old grandson.  He is so rough on shoes and tennis shoes so I decided to purchase these boots.  They have been great for him!  They are true to size and he wants to wear them every day.  I would recommend them to any parent or grandparent that has a grandson who is rough on shoes!!
B001GUSZ4G High Quality and Comfortable As I go to buy another pair I decided to write this review. --- When you first look at these shoes you may think they are a bit odd looking and the orange is a bit bright. Get used to it! These shoes are the most comfortable I've ever had. Light weight, durable, breathable, machine washable and no laces to tie. I've used these shoes which are actually a closed toe sandal with socks daily for about 7months with no wear or breaks to the boa rachets. I use the shoes for everyday work, casual walking and they also work well on hot days for riding motorcycles because of the hard black plastic foot top for shifting and no shoe laces to be caught in moving parts. These shoes are also very quiet on any surface and make no squeeks or noise of any kind. If you want a casual, comfortable shoe that you dont have to worry about look no further.
B001J9EQOW shoes I really like how this shoes looks i just wished it came in black.  I viewed all the colours and eventually had to orede the navy.  It looks black and still brown.
B001J9EQOW Another problem with Boat Shoe workmanship Having an older pair of Timberland boat shoes that need replacing I was so sure these would be perfect and at a good price.The boat shoes are wonderful and comfortable but this is the second consecutive pair ordered that have had to be sent back due to shoddy workmanship.I will find another store to purchase from.
B001J9EQOW Great and worth This is great. Both quality and price. Timberland is best shoes I have bought in past year. I will buy next shoes again soon.
B001J9EQOW It s ok I got these shoes wanting some shoes just to have some to slip on and go with but they seem to run a bit small and hurt my feet.
B001J9EQOW Love them These shoes are so comfortable from the very first time I put them on.  I love them.I'm very leary of buying shoes without trying them on but since I have had Timberlands before I new of the comfort and quality.These are the best summertime shoes to just slip on and go.
B001J9EQOW Just as described The shoes size comes out just as expected and the quality is very good. These shoes are going to be with me for a long time :)
B001J9EQOW oops I received men's shoes with 3 rings instead of 2. They look nothing like the picture but the box said that they were Timberland Women's Amherst Boat Shoes
B001JRMJEI great shoes Good shoes ,no complaints, except that they were a little too big, but that's really nothing.
B001KOQ4EG Good shoes.  Period. My second pair--durable, good looking, and comfortable.  Anybody who's asking for more than that thinksa little too much about shoes.
B001KOQ4EG Great shoes. I purchased a brown pair, extra wide.  Very nice looking, high quality, and very comfortable.  I highly recommend these shoes.
B001KOQ4EG Long Lasting I've bought more expensive work shoes for my Husband and they didn't hold up as well as these Timberlands did. He is very hard on all of his shoes, but these hold up and are comfortable as well.Will buy them again for sure.
B001KOQ4EG Brown Shoes Comfortable, inexpensive.Good fit.  Ordering was easy, size is as expected, arrived on time.Seems well made, lets see how long they last.
B001KOQ4EG Just ordered my 2nd pair As the title states, I just ordered my 2nd pair of these shoes. I ordered the last pair ~6 months ago and have worn them 8-10 hours, 4-5 days/week at work (about half desk, half walking around on carpet & concrete). I'm a big guy and shoes start to break down after a while - but I'd prefer the shoes to break down instead of my feet lol. Cosmetically, the shoes still look good - even through a Michigan winter. I wear custom orthotics and I can feel that I'm just beginning to lose some support - so I thought I'd order another pair of these now while they are still available. I really like the darker brown color of these and I haven't found many other shoes in this color that are of the same quality & are as comfortable.For any other orthotic-wearing folks, I normally (without the orthotics) wear around a size 10, normal width. With my orthotics, I like to order a wide, but since these only come in normal width from this vendor (and the wide-size from another vendor was quite a bit more $$), I took a chance on these at 10.5 and they worked out ok (after a week or so of getting broken in). After a month, they were fitting like a glove and were giving great support.To summarize, these shoes look good, feel good and last a reasonable amount of time - at least for me.
B001KOQ4EG Great Shoes Should have bought 2 pairs, I work in auto sales and wear out shoes every 5-6 months.  These have lasted over a year.  Great product!
B001KOQ4EG Excellent shoes I don't leave feedback very often, but when I find something of this quality and price, I have to share my thoughts.  These shoes are so comfortable - I love them.  Many shoes these days come with crappy insoles that need to be replaced to be wearable, but not these.  The leather is soft and supple, the soles have good grip and bend easily.  I'd describe the look at "rugged casual".Awesome shoes and a very reasonable price.  Don't hesitate to get them; you won't be sorry.
B001KOQ4EG Great shoe, totally unsuited for wet climate These shoes are extremely comfortable to wear and walk, and they look very nice as well.  Unfortunately, the traction is downright awful.  Even brand new, the shoes don't grip at all on pavement if it is even a little wet.  Living in a place with a combination of lots of hills and lots of wet weather, the shoes are hazardous to wear for a good chunk of the year.Still, for dry days, or for people in an arid climate, I strongly recommend them.
B001KOQ4EG Great work shoes! Reordered same pair of shoes I have had for years. The shoes I replaces were over 8 years old. Great value on fantastic pair if shoes.
B001KOQ4EG Comfortable but very weak leather finish I have owned Timberland boots a long time and love them.  I have always equated the name with quality and durability.I bought these shoes in Brown for everyday wear.  The sole looks suitable for light hiking and the shoes look pretty tough with a wide round toe, etc. They are super comfortable.The first day I wore them, I needed to change a tire on a car.  Admittedly I had to lay on the driveway and the shoes rubbed on the pavement a little bit.  The chocolate brown finish had come completely off large areas on both shoes and exposed light tan leather down to the grain.  It was as if the brown had just been airbrushed on and was easily scuffed off.  The last time a pair of shoes I owned looked this bad they (and their bag) had gotten caught in an airport baggage conveyor and lost the fight(20 years ago).I did not expect to have to baby a pair of rugged looking Timberland's but they were easily ruined in just a few minutes of normal guy use.  I have treated other shoes similarly and never had a problem. The store where I bought them reluctantly gave me a store credit; I got black Rockport Eureka's which I like (at least they are tougher than the Timberland's even if they don't appear to be).  Perhaps I misused the Timberlands, but I don't see why.  If you treat these as fancy dress up shoes you'll probably be fine - don't scuff them on a curb, or anything else.  If you want to actually live in them, buy something with a more durable top.
B001KOQ4EG Very good shoes Very good shoes, wear very comfortable. In a low price is better. Sell the home to deliver goods faster is better.
B001KOQ4EG Great Shoes They are very comfortable. I like the view of contrast stitching on a black leather. I think these shoes are sturdy enough to last for several years, because as I figured out, Timberland doesn't produce them any more.
B001L8K3GQ Excellent comfort, durability and appareance Excellent shoes, I used it almost 24/7 for two years, and they are the more comfortable work shoes that I have used. They have great appareance like classic timberland shoes and incredible resistance, usually my shoes last only 8 months.
B001PUFSW4 Best of all the work shoes!!! I tried on, at least 30, literally, 30 pairs of work shoes for a mattress factory job. I have short and wide feet with a high arch, so it's hard for me to find any shoes, let alone a hard-toe work boot. These are GREAT and comfortable. Unfortunately, I lost my job about a week after the shoes arrived, so I didn't really get to break them in too well. But I'm always looking for a reason to wear them, now. By the way, I did order a full size larger than my regular size to give my working feet room to swell.
B001PUFSW4 women's timberland pro These are the most comfy work shoes i have ever purchased. After 12 hours of working in these shoes my feet don't hurt afterwards. They are true to size. I recommend these shoes. A++++++
B001PUFSW4 Great Shoes! These are perfect for wearing orthopedics!  Not always so easy to find a shoe that does.  I didn't even need to break these shoes in...so comfortable.  My only gripe is that the laces are too short.
B001PUFSW4 Great shoes I was in the army for six years, so I'm no stranger to big clunky shoes and boots. These are great shoes, comfortable right out of the box, sturdy and well made, excellent quality. Nice thick soles to protect your feet from hard concrete floors, and with just a pair of wool socks, keep your feet nice and toasty. And they don't look half bad with a pair of jeans.
B001PUFSW4 Steel Toed Work Shoes Good shoes for standing on my feet for 12 hour shifts. This was my second pair and I love them again.
B001PUGLW0 My Fourth Pair I buy these shoes for my brother.  He needs to have steel toed shoes for work.  He likes these so much that he wears them as his work and casual shoes.  They are comfortable and durable.  i will be purchasing them again!
B001PUGLW0 bestest shoes omg timberland y did u stop making these shoes, this pair andTimberland PRO Men's Bridge 99519 Steel Toe Athletic Shoeare the best shoes i ever had for working in
B001RIXZWY Shoes are comfortable and it looks so good. I received shipment of shoes. Except you do not have a paper label that looks so good. Shoes are comfortable and it looks so good.
B001RIY15O Awesome These shoes are great!  They look like dress shoes, but feel like sneakers.  A very versatile shoe that will suit all your needs.
B001RIYYGK Most comfortable shoes ever! I have had several pairs of Timberland shoes and am always amazed at how you can take them out of the box, put them on and wear them allllllll day like you have had them for years.  They are light, warm, comfortable, and long lasting.  Great pair of shoes.
B001SARJXC Ok Product I purchased the wide 12 pair just a few months ago because I needed a waterproof pair of shoes that I could wear in the city to work in a casual office setting. The wide model makes the shoes look like clogs. They have terrible grip in bad weather (on slushy, wet, and icy sidewalks) to the point where I am better off in sneakers in those conditions. I looked today and the leather has already creased the shoe badly (and I do not wear every day), and the glue  bottom sole of the left shoe is already pealing. In my opinion, these shoes are comfortable
B001SARJXC Love this shoes (Timberland) I have an old pair in suede brown and I always wanted a black one, they fit perfectly most comfortable shoes I ever worn. Highly recommended.
B001SARJXC Great value for your money The shoes fit perfectly. It is a good deal for your money. Make sure you know exactly your shoe size, but I highly recommend transacting with amazon.Try it out. Am loving my shoes!!!
B001SARJXC love these boots:) Although arrived a little late than expected,still very happy with the quality of the shoes and the rescheduling of the delivery time.recommend it highly to all those who want to get a beautiful  pair of shoes  in all means.:)
B001U0OWUS Great pair of shoes I found these shoes to be really comfortable. The picture really showed a detailed idea of what the shoes truly look like. If you are looking for an awesome pair of boots, then here is your choice. In addition, the service was wonderful. I will shop here again for another pair of boots, in a different color.
B001UE6YQO Comfortable and dry for a 7 year old We bought these shoes to take on a trip and the shoes have been great for my daughter. They've provided the support she needed for our hikes and kept her feet dry through the rain forests that we've been hiking through.  She hasn't complained about them being uncomfortable and she had to start wearing them a day after we received them.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for comfortable hiking shoes for children.
B001VNCKJ4 good shoes for the price I would recommend this pair of shoes.  It is quite comfortable, affordable, and stylish.
B00261CDYW SUPER FAST DELIVERY! Although my husband hasn't tried the shoes on yet because they came in at 9am today, I AM going to write a review based on delivery time and quality of the shoes.  The shoes are brand-spankin new and the shoes were delivered 2 days after being ordered.  We've made tons of orders through Amazon, but JIMMY JAZZ will always stand above the rest.  The packaging was excellent, shoes are very well protected.AWESOME!!!((UPDATE)) My Husband found a complimentary lotion in the box!
B00261CDYW Nice shoes These shoes are incredibly comfortable. I wear them everyday to work and my feet feel great. They're like wearing slippers. Will definitely keep buying these.
B00261CDYW Excellent Classic Boat Shoe These are very nicely made and were comfortable out of the box.  I felt that they fit perfectly, however I like my boat shoes a bit on the snug side.  The quality seems better than the Sperry shoes I have owned in the past.  I will certainly buy another pair when this one wears out.
B00261CDYW Very Good! These shoes are very comfortable and Timberland is a reputable brand you can never go wrong with i'd recommend it to anyone.
B00261CDYW FAKE MADE IN CHINA, poor quality compare with other timberland shoes, do not waste your money on this shoes.
B0028N7EV0 EPICLY GREAT SHOES!!!! These shoes are sooooooooo comfortable, plus I put some inserts in my shoes for back relief and now they are even more comfortable. I think I just found the last pair of shoes I will ever need (other than fancy dress shoes for special occasions). Another plus, it seems as though nobody else wears them so they are very unique.
B00295RIW2 Best of all shoes I have for work!! I bought these shoes 4 years ago!  They look the same today as the day I got them.The soles are not worn ( I'm a server in a busy restaurant). I've had people ask me if I have new shoes on!!  Besides the way they look, they feel so comfortable at the beginning of the shift, to the end of the shift!!!  The best pair of work shoes that I own and I have at least 5 pairs that I never wear since I got these!!  and the shoes I have were not cheap!!  Dansk, MBT, Crews, Timberland Caregivers beats them all!! ( in my opinion!!)
B00295RIW2 great shoes I have had these shoes for about 3 months and they where very comfortable from the start. I wear them in the rain my feet stay dry, the only part that gets wet is the back because it's backless. All in all it's a great shoe
B00295RIW2 great shoes! I have plantars fasciitis and me feet hurt a lot. New Balance shoes weren't working for me anymore, so I tried Caregivers. Love them!! The fit is great. I just wish they came in more exciting colors, like purple or turquoise!
B00295RJIU Love these shoes! Timberland Professional Women's Renova Slip-On shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  I have wide feet and the shoes in C/D(wide) fit perfectly.  I am a nurse and on my feet most of the work day. I wore a new pair on a trip to NYC and did not have any problems.  I love the Navy Blue color.  Also have them in chestnut and red. Price was right and free shipping on Amazon. First pair I ordered (medium width) was too narrow. No poblem returning them to Amazon.  Love these shoes and shopping on Amazon.com!
B00295RJIU 5 stars Best shoes ever!! Very comfortable, fit perfect as soon as I put on. Highly recommend these shoes to everyone. Very pleased.
B00295RJIU Comfortable shoes Great shoes! Comfortable! I am inbetween sizes so I ordered down in size. They are leather so they give a little. Easy to clean.
B00295RJIU Had to wear a couple of times I did not like the fit of these shoes at first but after a couple of days they became comfortable.
B00295RJIU The Perfect Shoe I needed shoes for nursing school. I have to walk  and stand for long periods time. I have tried other brands but was not pleased with the fit and comfort. Even though these shoes has great reviews, I was still skeptical because I was thinking the shoe can't possibly be THAT comfortable. I'm glad I gave them a try because I was wrong. They really are THAT COMFORTABLE! These shoes feel like I'm walking on a cloud. Very comfortable. No "break in" needed. I like that they are wide at the toe area. They are true to size. I have found my nursing shoes for life. I will definately purchase them again and again. Hands down these are the most supportive and comfortable shoe.
B00295RJIU Wish I ordered 2! I have awful feet, and every shoe I've worn for the past 10 years has needed a store bought insole to go into my shoes.  When I bought these shoes, I wore them for 9 months without ever getting an insole!  THey are SO COMFORTABLE!  My feet have never felt better!  I wear these shoes every day (even on the weekends) so they are really starting to break down and wear out.  I wish I had bought two of these shoes, because now the size and color I want aren't available.  I hesitate to ever buy another shoe.
B00295RJIU Great buy Saw these shoes at a local scrub store for a much higher price. I decided to order them from amazon to save myself a couple dollars. When they arrived they looked better than the ones I had seen in the store. The in store pairs seams on the side were somewhat coming apart on all the shoes not just one pair. The shows I received through amazon were a brighter white and did not have the separating seems like the ones in the store. I would highly recommend these shoes! They are EXTREMELY comfortable as well!
B00295RJIU Best shoes I've ever worn I am so impressed with these shoes. I have never slipped my feet into a pair of shoes that were immediately comfortable. I work on my feet and took an extra pair of shoes to work with me in case I needed to change while breaking these in, not a chance they never hurt my feet. I have worn them for the last three days working as a Medical Assistant in a busy clinic without any problems. What a lucky day for me the day I found these shoes.
B00295RJIU Not as comfy as the reviews indicated. I was very disappointed with these shoes. I have high expectations of Timberland. I have always like Timberland products but these shoes were very uncomfortable. At first I thought it was just due to my not being used to wearing a shoe with a heal. After 3 months though it is just that the shoes do not have good arch support for me. I do have trouble finding shoes that work for my high arches but these shoes made me want to sit down every chance I could get. Well made but not worth the price for how much pain they have caused me. Surprising since the other 10 reviews were so good.
B00295RJIU Excellent quality and material and comfort As an ER nurse, I have purchased many Nurse Mates in the past, and even ventured to try Dickies version of supportive shoes. Being on go all the time can really impact and stress your feet by the end of the day.  That is why I made the decision after careful research to purchase a Timberland brand of professional shoes.  The Timberland brand is not only a trusted brand, but the shoes are amazing in terms of comfort and style.  The price is unbeatable!  Once I slipped on these shoes, I could feel such a difference.  The material quality is also highly recommendable and the gripping-action sole work is very nice too.  Overall I am extremely content that I have found shoes of high quality and value and suited for my line of work.
B00295RJIU Excellent shoes Bought a pair for my wife and so far so good. Could not be any happier. My wife loves them. She's a nurse so she knows a good pair of shoes. Delivery time was as expected as well. I would recommend these shoes to anyone.
B00295RJIU Truly Comfortable These shoes did not need breaking into as is the case with most new footwear. They felt right from the moment I slipped them on.  No chafing, no blisters.  I chose this style because I love the fact  that you can just slip into the shoes without the annoyance of tying shoelaces.  I chose the wide size over my usual B because I like to wear socks with uniform shoes.  I would recommend the Renova Slip-On to anyone who does some serious walking and/or spends hours on their feet for a living:  nurses, people in sales, waitresses, etc.  I did not give this product five stars because the opening of the shoe is a little tight to get the foot in. But once on, my feet felt well cushioned.
B00295RJIU Comfortable work shoes These shoes fit well, and are very comfortable when you're on your feet all day. I have several pairs of nursing shoes, and these are my favorite.
B00295RJIU Best shoes by far! I looked at so many shoes for nursing school. These were the best!! So cushiony and comfortable. The clog width is perfect and doesn't turn my ankle like others can. I didn't have to break them in at all either. The leather was soft and bendable. Amazon had these for almost $40 less than other sites too. You will not be disappointed.
B00295RJIU Comfortable shoes for nursing I'm a nursing student, and I needed some good shoes for my days at the hospital. I have a pair of Sketchers Premium athletic-style white shoes that I recently purchased too. I'm happy with those, but I wanted some professional clog-style shoes for the hospital. I wasn't ready to commit to a $150 pair of Danskos, and these Timberlands had good reviews for half the price. I am very happy with them so far. I have some feet problems, probably Plantar fasciitis and a heel spur. Nothing entirely stops my feet from hurting at the end of the day, but these shoes really help. These are probably the most comfortable shoes I've worn before, except for some of my Croc clog-style shoes (not allowed at the hospital). I would buy these again, and I will probably try some Danskos in the future to see if they are even better.
B00295RJIU Great shoes and fast delivery! I got the shoes I needed for nursing school right away! They are comfortable and give enough coverage on my heels so they don't feel like they are slipping off when I walk, unlike some of the other nursing shoes I've tried on.
B00295RJIU Very Comfortable I am always on the quest for perfect nursing shoes. A friend recommended these and they are great. I would have given 5 stars but one has a squeak and is slightly uncomfortable in the heel. I believe there is a structural defect and will be exchanging them. Even with this defect, these are the most comfortable work shoes I have owned to date. This is substantial since I have been a nurse for 32 years and am still working 16 hours shifts twice a week.
B00295RJIU Best professional shoes I've had in years I am a nurse who has wide feet. Finding a good pair of shoes that combine style with comfort for me has always been a challenge. I love these shoes and now all the staff in my department have them as well. Great Choice!
B00295RJIU Walking on clouds My feet had been hurting so bad in my regular tennis-shoes-not to mention getting bodily fluids in my shoes because of the mesh opening where the shoelaces tied. Yuck! I finally broke down and bought these shoes and WOW!! AMAZING!!! I wear between a size 7 1/2-8 so I got an 8 wide-I have fat feet- and they fit perfectly! Best shoe ever, I don't feel my achy feet while wearing them. :-)
B00295RJIU Bad ankle-Great shoes! I had an accident that left one foot and ankle with permanent nerve damage two years ago and have struggled to find shoes that were comfortable enough for the "bad ankle" and the "good " ankle. I think I have finally found them!  My feet are not hurting as much and my legs are not as tired at night after a long day.  They are not miracle shoes, but they are close.  I'm getting another pair!  Try them-you won't be sorry.
B00295RJIU Awesome Nursing Shoes Love these shoes. If you're looking for white leather nursing shoes that really keep your feet and back from hurting, you've found them. They scuff like white leather will, but I'm not worried about that now after wearing them for five months, they're still almost perfect looking, and I'm hard on shoes. They grip well with their rubber, textured soles. Had lots of recommendations from friends, but these work really well for me. The fit is a tad, and I mean just a teeny bit, big. I usually wear between a 7 1/2 and 8 and I got these in an 8 to be sure they fit. And they are just a hair bigger than being a perfect fit for me. I would order true to size.
B00295RJIU Great! I just recieved these yesterday. I tried them on and they fit perfectly! Very comfortable shoe! No scratches or dirt, In better shape than some of the shoes seen in stores. Ive never ordered shoes online before and was not sure if I should but I think I will do it again when needed, I got these because of plantar fascitis and working 12 hr+, standing all day. I read reviews on the shoes and I am hoping they work for me, they fit a little snugger with a thicker sock but since i normally wear a thin sock this wont be a problem. Very comfortable shoe! I wore them a while yesterday around the house, and woke up without arch or heel pain, I actually slept better also. My pain wakes me up sometimes, but not last night! SO far a great start! Also was 25.00 less on amazon than in stores and received them in 2 days .
B00295RJIU Great for nursing! Very comfortable shoes! These shoes are highly recommended for people that have to stand or walk for long periods of time.
B00295RJIU Nursing school shoes I have been using this shoes while i'm in nursing school. I think i would buy these (in a different color) after i graduate. They are very comfortable, I use these along with compression socks to keep my legs from being fatigued.
B00295RJIU GET THESE SHOES!!!! These shoes are very comfortable and have enough room in your toes to spread them out if you need to. They are light weight and felt like I was walking on clouds.
B00295RJIU Great for nurses! Another nurse recommended these shoes and when I read the reviews, I thought I'd try them.  I have to agree, they are the most comfortable shoes I've found.  Although I usually wear a narrow shoe, these weren't too loose and I can wear a heavier sock.  They were comfortable from the first shift I wore them, too.
B00295RJIU Wonderfully comfortable and safe on wet surfaces! This is my third pair of these shoes - I use them for officiating swim meets where I'm often walking briskly on wet tile or concrete surfaces.  These shoes are incredible for traction!  And I'm often am on my feet for 12 hrs in a two or three session day and the cushioning in these shoes is so good I don't need the extra inserts i had to out in regular tennis shoes. They are absolutely heaven in this environment. One note, if you get them wet you'll need a shoe dryer as they are leather inside and dry slowly. But a shoe dryer will take care of them overnight with no issue.Great product!!!
B00295RJIU Well worth it These shoes are a definite improvement over wearing athletic shoes for working all day on concrete. They're stylish and comfortable. I did not find them stiff; there was no breaking in period. However, after about a week a squeak developed as others have reported.
B00295RJIU Shoes for Nurses I definitely agree that these shoes are awesome!  I'm just starting my nursing courses right now at West Coast University, and they wanted us to be in uniform asap.  I bought these online and when I got them, eh.  I wasn't too impressed with the way they looked....mainly because I've been dreading the sight of nursing shoes forever.  They're clogs...so boring and frumpy.  Bleh, but when I'm in the hospital, I need something super generic looking without any grooves or mesh and easy to power walk in.  I totally understand that less is more in my profession.  So I'm sitting on the couch and facebooking how frumpy they look, until I first get up and actually stand in them.  *Ahhhhhh*  It's like walking on clouds, and as much as I despised looking at them, I can definitely state that these are the best FEELING shoes I've ever owned.  I've used them for clinicals so far, and my feet aren't the least bit sore.  It doesn't chaff my heals, there's plenty of toe wiggle room, and they're ultra light.  Love them!!
B002ASAJPG Dad loved it for christmas! He's a woodworker who would step on nails and get his shoes soaking in the rain. He was very pleased with the fit and construction of these shoes!
B002ASANG6 These boots must be missing something... I have heard a lot of talk about how Timberland boots were supposed to be some of the best on the market.So I ordered a pair in 11W. The boots are marked as being 11W, but are not true 11W shoes.However, the length seems to be about right, but you can visibly see the glue, but also, the places where these shoes did not get glue where they were supposed to have glue.My Opinion, Cheap Chinese Junk.After spending my first 9 hour shift on concrete in these shoes, my feet are sore, even to the touch...I must warn you to search for something else.These boots actually rate a zero, but since I am not being allowed to do that I gave them one star.If you work for a living, you do not want these shoes.
B002ASAO6K Mixed Results The initial pair of these were worn less than 3 months and the bed of the shoe under the insoles cracked and came out in chunks making the shoes uncomfortable. I contacted the Timberland and they promptly replaced the shoes. I have worn the replacements extensively without a problem. The bed of the replacements cracked, but stayed intact and remained usable. I am nearing time to purchase a replacement pair of shoes and will consider another pair of Timberlands as well as others shoes from manufacturers believed to provide quality products.
B002MQ8YEE Great Shoes but hard to find! If you find a pair buy them and you won't regret it! Great shoes. Versatile and Water Resistant.Sadly these are no longer sold online and are very hard to find. After 2 solid years of wearing these shoes I 100% recommend them.I use them mainly for trail running, biking, light hiking and walking around the city.I found the fit to be true and on point for the size.
B002NEG8QG Most Comfortable Waterproof Shoes I bought these shoes because I was going to Jazz Fest down in New Orleans last summer. It was great to have waterproof shoes during the rainy muddy festival. I ended up wearing these shoes all of the time every day because they look good and are by far the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  They lasted me about 7 months before one shoe sprang a leak so they aren't so waterproof anymore. But I really wore them all the time everywhere walking around New York City so I think I got my money's worth.  I'm saddened that I can't find a replacement pair in my size 9.5M. It looks like they're being replaced by several similar models. I just ordered a new model called the City Adventure - Front Country Oxford.  They look a little more formal which is nice. If they're just as comfortable I'll most likely order a second pair.
B002NEGCC6 Excellent shoes I simply love these shoes. Soon I will buy a replacement pair and the brown ones. The fot very well and they are very comfortable.
B002NEGCC6 Product looked a little fishy to begin with, but since it was hardly noticeable I started wearing it. And then... ... it started decomposing 2 weeks after I couldn't return it anymore.I love these shoes and I bought them at the store and wore them for more then a year and then I ordered new ones online when the normal wear and tear took its tall.I was very happy to get my new pair of shoes but there were some almost unnoticeable lighter color at the edge of the leather sheets. I was just a tiny bit worried but eventually decided it was nothing. And then 3-4 days ago when I was away on a trip I noticed the sole starts separating from the rest of the shoe. Immediately I decided once I get back home I would send them back. But now that I'm home (3-4 days later) I checked and saw that the option of replacing the shoes already expired 3-4 WEEKS ago!I love these shoes but I would never buy them again from this seller
B002NEGCC6 comfortable, but with room for improvement Shoes are comfortable and easy to walk. However, after the first rain the quality of the suede has gone done and they look older than they are. Also, shoes are tight in their upper part, although I have purchased W size. They slightly shrink after few weeks, but largely remain in the same form. I believe 11.5 is my normal size seems to be slightly bigger on this shoes.
B002NEGCC6 Great shoes! The shoes are just what the picture looked like.  They came in the mail so quick I will definitely buy from this company again! These shoes feel great I love the look!
B002NEGCC6 Super Shoes These shoes are great! I use these for work, where I often stand on a cement floor and my feet do not hurt in these shoes. I have worn many other high-end brands over the years, and usually I have difficulty with my feet hurting on days in which I stand a lot, but that certainly isnot the case with these shoes. I am sold on the Timberland brand as I have a pair of Timberland hiking boots that are wonderful as well.
B002NEGCC6 Amazing comfort !! Love these shoes so much that I am now looking to adjust my wardrobe choice for the day so I can wear these shoes.  Looking for other colors to buy now.  You can walk all day and never regret putting these on.
B002NEGCC6 Nice product I love timberland shoes... really are very confortable, there's no problem with this shoes, dont think about click on 'add to cart'
B002NEGCC6 Love this shoes I ordered my first pair con 2011 wear this shoes every day for like a year and then started to wear them 3 days a week we are in 2014 and tey still have life I still wear them. super confortable shoes. I will defenetely order another pair next week in a diferrent color.
B002NEGCC6 Great shoes reasonable price I have no idea why it's getting so hard to find black comfortable shoes that will pass in both a business and casual environments. I would think that many, many people would be in my situation but it has. I bought these because I saw a decent brand at decent price and I was not sorry.
B002NEGCC6 Slip-On Hombres Timberland City Adventure-Front Country, Dark Brown Suede, 8.5 these shoes are the best timberland shoes these shoes are the best, timberland shoes are the pioneers in use for many years timberland shoes and these are impressive finish, texture and Comfort are designed for the perfect hike. Good quality product highly recommended 100%.I particularly my last long these shoes and I say they are all timberland.already and had three pairs of the same shoe and I will continue buying while they are.
B002NEGCC6 Good Shoes, Great Price Although I have only worn them 3 times, I can attest that the shoes are comfortable and well made.  I would definitely recommend if you need a pair of durable casual shoes.  They go very well with jeans.
B002NEGCC6 Excellent and very comfortable shoes This shoes are great and very comfortable.  Looks great as formal shoes. I like the style and the color its very nice!
B002NEGCC6 Very high quality shoes The shoes are high quality, as many other Timberlands shoes. However, it runs a little tight on top of the feet. Expected to expand in the next 2-3 weeks usage.
B002NEGCC6 Great Option!! Really Confortable! Great Look ! Timberland is always a great option, but this shoes are one of the best of it class!If you love Slip-on shoes, you will want three of these!~Good for all days use! Even for work or meatings!5 Stars for this 5 stars product!
B002NEGCC6 NICE AND WONDERFUL SHOES Perfect color for my purposes! Excelente desings and Beautiful Style! i will love it all my life! i always buy timberland's shoes
B002NEGCC6 Great shoe-for the five months it lasted I received these shoes in late April of this year, and by the middle of September, the rubber underneath the toes are almost worn out and showing the anti-fatigue foam in the midsole.These shoes are still in great condition, the uppers are in superb condition, and look brand new after a thorough polishing. The anti-fatigue is still effective and super-cushy-I even played a little basketball in these, and they were decently comfortable. So, A+ for the anti-fatigue, and that makes it a shame that the rubber outsole did not hold up like the other parts of the shoe. In its defense, I did walk a lot in these due to the superior level of comfort. But still one should expect the rubber outsole to last for more than 6-8 months on a daily wear shoe, I have  used shoes made by Asics with thinner outsoles and walked similar distances and they still have some life left.Thus, at the end of the day, these are great shoes for standing on your feet all day, and walking around-provided you don't use them daily and put them in a rotation with other shoes.
B002NEGCC6 comfortable shoes I use these shoes as house-shoes and I have been buying them for the past few years to wear in the Fall and Winter around the house.  Comfortable slip-ons.
B002NEGCC6 It is too large I made a Wrong the pair of shoes were another brand, color and size. I did the changed. The other price shoes it is better.
B002NEGCC6 best comfortable shoes Had these shoes before,I ordered another pair due to my back and sciatica.HIGHLY RECOMEND THESE SHOES for comfort cant beat the price here on amazon.
B002NEGE7E Comfortable Stylish Shoes As always, love the Timberland shoes. These run a hair small, but I stuck with my regular size. I expect these to last a long time.
B002NEGE7E Excellent Pair of Shoes!!! I have to say these shoes were from the moment I got them, very comfortable. They are one of the few pairs that I can actually spend a whole day at work (where I'm mostly standing for 10 hours) without feeling any pain. Not only are they very comfortable but they are also very light which makes them even more comfortable to walk in. I highly recommend these shoes which I have had for about 8 months. I haven't experienced any problem with these so far and I don't think that I ever will. These shoes are an excellent choice for anyone looking for good comfortable shoes especially for people who have to be on their feet for many hours.
B002NEGE7E Timbo shoes Comfortable and great for walking, they are not as cool as they look though, kinda look like old people shoes.. But I was going for comfort than style .
B002PMUH8G Beautiful shoes Here is a great pair of shoes that is quietly brilliant for you who likes to keep it real and simple. Delivery was rapid and it arrived 2 days before due date and I was like "W-H-A-T?" ...I hadn't experienced a like fast delivery from an online shop before. Shoe condition is outstanding and way too beautiful and qualitative than on the photo here... I just love'em shoes and can't say much. If these shoes catch your eyes here, don't think of anything else cos you'll get your feet in more gorgeous shoes beyond expectations, and Amazon will thrill you with top-notch delivery. What else...? Amazon is Amazing!Come summer, I'm ROCKING these shoooose discriminately from my others and blissfully so, looking forward to a 2nd pair. Amazon please don't sell all of them before I get more... hehe!Absolute recommendation. They are lovely, not for your eyes only!
B002PMUO34 best boat shoes ever The color of these shoes is true to picture the material is water proof and the quality is unsurpassed
B002PMURGI I returned nice looking shoes but only in Picturesthe color it shoes is not what really shows up in the mailto be honest, shoe itself doesn't look bad but I buy loafers all the time but my foot in this one simply didn't enterlooks like once on the foot, the shoes it wide enough, but how to get the foot in? hahDO NOT RECOMMEND
B002YD88WI Great shoe... except for stinky feet I have always found great satisfaction with Timberland shoes. I was thrilled to buy this shoe at a very good price on Amazon. I run everyday at 4am on a golf course... and in the Summer there is dew and my feet get wet with ordinary mesh-top running shoes... and I love running in the snow in the Winter. These shoes have GoreTex lining and my feet do stay dry. (by the way, I have had other GoreTex running shoes... these are not my first)Anyway... imagine my surprise to find out my feet stink horribly after wearing these shoes! The shoes stink... my socks stink... my feet stink...Apparently, this is something with these particular shoes...  hmmm.... I wonder if it is the "green" materials that are causing this?I contacted Timberland... and they pretty much don't care.
B002YD893Q Too small I'm rating these shoes on incomplete information as I never got to actually 'test drive' the shoes. Timberland makes a quality product and I have a pair of their shoes that served me well for many years (hence 3 stars rather than 1). Experience has taught me that it is best to try on a pair of shoes before I buy them, as my shoe size varies from 10.5 to 13 depending on the manufacturer (one of my pet peeves). I took a chance seeing as how I have a size 11 pair of Timberlands that are, if anything, a little roomy. I was disappointed to find that they were too small by at least 1 size. I will never understand how sizing can vary so much, particularly within the same company. Lesson learned (or re-learned) for me...never order shoes online.
B002YOMJPY Very Durable Shoes i've been using these shoes for a couple months now, and they fit perfect, and feel even better.great material, solid look, and the design in spot on with jeans
B002YOMJPY All good The shoes are a little big. Have to put on two pair of socks. The shoes are very comfortable and wide.
B002YOMJPY About the purchase of Timberland Men's White Ledge Your shoes Timberland has been arrived on time and in good status. This pair of shoes is one of the most interesting I got. I am going to buy one more of it when I finished my class. Now I'm busy. Thank for you dedication.
B002YOMJPY perfect fit This shoes is awesome.  I wish they have it on different color at the same price.  I would love to buy again.  I wear this shoes hiking and at work.
B002YOMJPY Quality/Comfortable Very comfortable shoes considering all the walking and standing at my job. The materials used for these shoes are better quality than I expected. Definitely worth the investment.
B002YOMJPY great shoes why did you choose this rating?beacuse somewhat large.what did like or dislike?i like it.who would you recomment product to?yes,great shoes.
B002YOMJPY Shoes fit great I got these shoes for my son for a boyscouts Klondike Derby week-end trip.  They needed to be waterproof and endure the elements.  He loved the way they fit and they were great and kept his feet warm for the week-end. I would recommend them to purchase.
B002YOMJPY TIMBERLAND SHOES IT IS TOO EARLY TO RATE THE SHOES. I JUST GOT THEM. I DO NOT KNOW IF THEY WILL BE WATERPROOF?
B002YOMJPY Shoes The shoes arrived quickly and were packaged very well. The fit was perfect and the quality was well worth the price.
B002YOMJPY Shoes Very good product. Fitment was perfectVery comfortable shoe would purchase again. Will tell family and friends about these shoes
B002YOMJPY Bad Overall, do not buy these. Bad Overall, I have wear them for a month, 2 times a week average, and they are completely scratched! Ugly scratches all over the shoe, the sole is not slip proof, and your feet will stink if you wear them for one day, I have had several other Timberland shoes and was expecting quality from these and instead I have a pair of shoes that only lasted 1 month.
B002YOMJPY ok boots I purchased these after reading the reviews and due to prices of shoes this appeared to be a good buy.  I am not extremely happy with these shoes.  They arrived on time and do fit perfect no breaking in but that is the extent of the good review.  I have had them for awhile and I feel like I am walking on hard concrete throughout the day.  These shoes are not meant to stand in or wear for long periods of time. The seems had extra material that was never cut off making the appearance less than desirable.  I have to buy shoe inserts to make the shoe comfortable and the toe already appears to be coming apart from the sole. If I had not already polished the shoes and worn them I would have sent them back.
B0034G52NM Great Shoes My wife has worn them practically every day since they arrived . She absolutely loves them .Very comfortable and very well made ![...]
B0034G53EK Beautiful, comfortable shoes - but a very flexible sole I am recovering from foot surgery and trying to find shoes with a stiffer sole.  My experience with Timberland in the past has been well-made shoes with heavy duty soles so I assumed these were the same.  Not so!  They are comfortable, lightweight and beautiful (mine were the blue, and much prettier than the picture) - I think they would be excellent travel shoes - but they didn't have the sole that I needed so I sent them back with a heavy heart.  If I were in a different situation I think they would be some of my favorites!
B0034G558E Great boots! I love these boots! I have only had them for a couple days, but they're already my favorite pair of shoes. I'm a women's size 11, so it can be hard to find good shoes (they don't cary many size 11 shoes in stores so I have to order off the internet). These shoes fit perfectly.They are stylish, functional (+ they are leather so you know they should last), and versatile. They lace up so that they grip your calf, so you can wear them with a nice skirt or wear pants over them. They're so comfortable that I don't want to take them off when I get home and I end up wearing them around the house. I would definitely recommend these boots!
B0034G562O Great way to dress up casual These shoes are great - they were true to size and beautiful.  Other reviewers have commented on the comfort, I found them very comfortable for a 3 1/2 heel.  Despite the tread and casual look, they are not hiking shoes, they are heels.  But they comfortable ones and really dress up a pair of jeans or a casual dress.
B0034G562O Great Shoe I love these shoes! I order these shoes to wear with my uniform to work and i have no regrets. They are comfortable, nice to look at (got a lot of compliments)and durable. They are true to size and has great balance. I find them however, to be a little higher than what the picture shown.
B0034G5KAC Don't need any word I think that is one of great shoes over the world . It's better than my expected !!! the place is cheaper than off line !! We don't need any explain about Timberland shoes. U know what I say
B0034XRZUS comfort plus My first pair of Timberland shoes and the level of comfort is great, on my feet all day behind a counter i come home with sore feet even with inner soles in the shoes.I have been wearing these shoes now for two weeks,and now are broken in, but perhaps could of brought half size larger then would've given 5 stars.Shoes are classy enough to wear with slacks,when i'm home i wear them with jeans.
B0034XRZUS Love'm My first Timberland shoes are only about a week old but my impression has been so good that I felt compelled to come back online to give my review and possibly buy another pair. Comfort, style, materials are all excellent. Workmanship/finish is a little rough - more like well made boots than fine shoes, but no points off for that in my book. There's no doubt I'll be wearing them a lot!
B0034XRZUS Just finished a week long tour of Southwest Germany Let me start off by saying these were not my only shoes. I did take a pair of comfortable strong sneakers for the long days for waking the castles and Black Forest trails. And these shoes would have done quite well for those tasks. These shoes were more for the walks through museums, churches and street tours that transitioned into dinner.  And if something happened to the sneakers like getting wet from rain or what ever these shoes would have worked just fine.During the whole tour, and we were walked pretty good (Germans love to walk), I never had a problem with my feet or back (and I've had back surgery before).I've always had a good experience with Timberland hiking shoes and sneakers. And these shoes lived up to my every expectation. Work has a casual dress code so I wear these into the office and can easily take a walk at lunch without bringing an extra pair.I like to wake and these shoes make it enjoyable.
B0034XS0KM Great shoes This shoes are amazing, they look great, and are just as comfortable as my old shoes, I didn't get the hard experience that you always have with new shoes, they came with an extra pair of laces, grey ones, so I changed the purple original ones, they fit like a glove. totally recomended!!!"
B0034XS2G4 Great Work Shoes I bought this for my 21 yr old son and it fits him perfectly. He works in the kitchen so he's always on his feet from 8:00am to 4:00pm. He said the shoes are very comfortable to wear. It is not 100% anti-skid when working in a slippery kitchen but it's holding well. Plus the look is cool even for his other activities unlike a chef clog shoes which I thought of buying for him the first time.
B0034XS2G4 Best shoes ever For me at least, these shoes fit perfectly and look great.  They aren't quite dress shoes but are a definite notch above many casual shoes, adding a lot of style to any outfit.  And they are super comfortable to boot.  Best purchase I've made in a while.
B0034XS2G4 Good Shoes..!! Good shoes, great material, comfortable, ideal for a casual occasion, and even semi formal. The carvings are complete, maybe a little bigger than normal, but not much difference; if you have wide feet these shoes are ideal because they fit perfectly. Nice color and design.
B0034XS2G4 My Favorite Shoes! Timberland shoes are the most comfortable and durable I have ever worn.  Other brands do not even compare.  The price is right too.There is a drawback though.  When I am in my navy blue pinstriped suit, my wife insists that I not wear the shoes.  She argues that they are too casual for dress wear.  In all honesty, I must accede to that opinion.  If you are looking for a dressy shoe, don't buy this pair.But if price, comfort, casual dress, and durability are what's on your mind, this is the shoe for you.Cheers!
B0034XS2WS Great shoes! Received these shoes much quicker than expected, and am very pleased with them. I walk a lot everyday, 3-5 miles and these shoes are super, as expected from Timberland. I just wear the soles out rather quickly. Other brands have been less durable, and much less comfortable for me, so I buy only Timberland shoes and boots now.
B0034XS2WS Great Shoes The shoes are just what the picture looked like.  They came in the mail so quick I will definitely buy from this company again!
B0034XS2WS So Luxury Great shoes, a little bit expensive but it worth for the price...the only complain is that the shoes does not look so luxury as they are(in amazon web page)....I bought this shoes to be used with some jeans but I think looks better with dress pants.
B0034XS2WS The shoes is commendable This pair of shoes are tight enough to grip your feet. And I feel pretty comfortable to wear it. I have wore this pair of shoes for 2 days though.
B0034XS2WS Way Too Small! Pros:These shoes look good and seem to be made very well.Cons:I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. These shoes are way too tight. I purchased a 13 2E pair of these and I can wear a 12 W in some shoe brands but i could barely fit my feet in these. Maybe I need to go up 2 sizes in these. I had to send them back.
B0034XS2WS Great Shoes for the price I love these shoes, they look pretty elegant and modern, if you have big feet or flat foot ([...]) stay away from this pair, they are designed for people with normal arch for what I had seem so far.
B0034XS2WS Too tight and already broken Bought shoes in April and after wearing them 5 days/week for approx. 5 month sole on right shoe is already coming off. Shoes are also very tight. Nice looking but poor quality. Don't recommend buying.
B0034XS2WS Got itchy on my feet after I wore these shoes I had worn these shoes for 3 times after I bought one year ago.Because I got itchy on my feet after I wore these shoes.I regret I bought these shoes.
B0034XS48K Decent shoes I like these shoes because they are very durable but I have to mention that they aren't the most comfortable shoes that I own.
B0034XS4OY Comfortable shoes First of all I did not have the size issue that many posters here seem to have had; they fit perfectly at my usual size. I find the shoes very comfortable, as a hotel manager I spend a lot of time on my feet and for me shoes being comfortable is the most important aspect. At the same time the shoes look formal enough to be worn at work. I will buy these shoes again when my current pair bites the dust.
B0034XS4OY Great fit and Durable My husband loves Timberland shoes because he says they last longer than other brands of dress shoes and they are more comfortable. He wears them everyday and is very hard on shoes. He likes that these are waterproof and have good tread on the bottom because he works in sales at a car dealership and is on his feet all day. He has to go out and shovel and remove snow from cars too while dressed up so he has to have waterproof shoes with good tread.
B0034XS4OY Very comfortable. Comfortable shoes, arrived quite promptly. Goes very well with jeans, doesn't really fit casual pants as it looks a bit "bulky"
B0035LD0WQ Great casual / hiking shoes I had been looking for a pair of comfortable casual shoes for walking and use in the snow without having to wear boots or sneakers. These fit the bill. Very comfortable, and a great price on Amazon.
B0035LD0WQ Good shoe I bought this pair of shoes to hike up half dome.  The shoes looked better than I did after the hike. Well made and good fit.
B0035LD0WQ Excelent The shoes are as good as description and picture. They arrived on time. They make look your feet thin. I would buy these shoes again...
B0035LD0WQ Great shoes Great shoes at a fair price and delivered in a timely manner.  You can not ask for much more than that.
B0035LD0WQ comfortable shoes This is my second pair of these shoes and I simply love them. They are super light and comfortable. I use them everyday as my about town shoes as well as when hiking and have zero complaints. They are about 7 months old now and holding up just fine. I will definitely get another pair. The color is nice and goes with just about everything.
B0035LD0WQ Really enjoying these shoes! OK, there's a longer story here in that the first time wearing these, I actually fractured my fifth metatarsal on my right foot (while using forearm crutches!)- but that had nothing to do with the shoe and was more directly related to my recovery from a spinal cord injury and the situation and angle of the surface I was on at the time (while getting out of a cab). One of the odd things about my recovery from the very unexpected fracture was looking forward to wearing these shoes again and putting them through more proper use.With time and quite a bit of therapy, I'm becoming able to walk again and I have to give some credit to these shoes as they are very comfortable to wear but also are very functional too with a very trusting grip and overall structure.This may seem trivial to some, but running shoes weren't doing it. Heavier boots weren't working out either. Any kind of ankle restriction would have me torquing in all kinds of ways. And slippahs put my toes very much at risk!These, however, have been perfect and I look forward to the day- as with my 10+ year old Timberland boots- getting these resoled (sp?). ;-)
B0035LD1BQ Nice shoe. I bought these shoes for a everyday pair of shoes. The fit is awesome I think one of the best true size shoes I have ever bought. They seam very durable and comfortable. I have only used them once but am thinking of buying a second pair just due to the way they fit. I would recommend them to anyone. I wear a size 15 and finding shoes that fit perfect is rare, these fit the bill perfect. A+
B0035LD1X4 I'd pay double and give five stars... ...if only they had these shoes available in my size. Really, I never see shoes I like as much as these. But I can only find them here, and only in way-too-small or way-too-big sizes. I literally would pay double for a pair of these in brown (or even black)
B0035LD2X8 Great Shoes Super comfortable and stylish shoes. I get a lot of compliments on these shoes. I would buy another pair when these wear out.
B0035LD2X8 Looks FANTASTIC, but needs conditioning and waterproofing right out of the box First off, like many people have noted already, Timberlands run about a size to a size and a half to large. I wear a 9.5 Addidas running shoe, a 9 Sperrys, and I ordered an 8 for this shoe and it fit perfectly.Positives:The shoe itself looks GREAT on your feet. The dark brown looks really nice and really rugged. This goes fantastically with a pair of dark jeans. I've gotten multiple compliments in just a week's wear. Can't really say enough about how great these shoes look.These shoes are also INSANELY comfortable. With most boots, it takes a couple wears to feel broken into. Not with these. These felt fantastic the moment I put them on. Absolutely 0 foot pain.Negatives:These shoes are NOT waterproof. I went the first few days or so without conditioning them or waterproofing them, and they quickly became stained with water marks. Any drop of water on the boot, if you don't wipe it off immediately, will leave a bit of a stain.Conditioning and waterproofing is a MUST. I personally went to a nearby shoe store and bought Melatonian Mink Oil, which cost $4 and conditioned and waterproofed the shoes to perfection. This also evens out the tone of the shoe and evens out the water stains, making them look much nicer.Overall, I am very very happy with these shoes, despite the waterproofing issue. Waterproofing and conditioning the leather made these shoes perfect though. Highly recommended!
B0035LD2X8 Easy break in Received these shoes 2 weeks ago and already my favorite everyday pair ,very comfortable. I normally wear a size 11 in Doc Martin but took other reviews advice and dropped down a full size and turned out to be a great fit. Thanks to Amazon I got a great price , free and quick shipping and a peace of mind transaction. As soon as I got em I put on a good coat of mink oil to waterproof and shoes turned a little more chocolate than I had expected but still a great looking pair of shoes. I highly recommend these shoes to anyone considering them.
B0035LD78S Hot Damn Shoes Them der shoes is good stuff. I gots them in the male fer my grandpappy. He wears dem der doggies every night when hes a courtin his lady friend. He tells me thems good dancen shoes.
B0037CW26I Fit well and very comfortable Shoes were delivered as expected and the quality, fit, and look are just as advertised.  Timberland shoes seem to be consistently well made.
B0037CW26I Love the shoes These shoes look great but the fit is a little weird. It fits well in the toe area but in the heel it is loose. It might just be the shape of my foot but all and all it is a great loafer and very comfortable.
B0037CW26I Timberland has gone downhill All my life I have worn Timberland's boat shoes, and have always been amazed at their longevity, even when I was kid at school. Timberland shoes seemed to be indestructible. These shoes, after about a month of ownership completely changed their color, and not in a uniform way; they have areas darker than others. After about three months, these shoes became full of scratches and started expanding so they now do not fit properly. The sole is very thin, thus allowing the leather on the lower portion of the shoe to become in contact with the floor, terribly scratching the leather around the sole of the shoe. I am totally disappointed at Timberland.
B0037CW26I A Very Good Buy But Read the Caveats. At first I had to pause a week due to blisters.  I may have growing feet, the last pair of shoes at 10.5 were too small too.  These I put in shoe stretchers to little avail, then I literally poured water in the shoes until it seeped out the seams.  Then I ran the exterior under water, and then put in shoe stretchers overnight and every few nights sense.  ow when I put them on they are tight but it loosens up within a few minutes..  This worked and I do love them. They are comfortable and with my beginning knee issues it helps on the impact to my knees.  These are very comfortable and the price was about half comparable shoes.  They are also quite stylish and I found these looking for &#34;driving shoes&#34;.  Pay attention to the soles, to be sure you like them.  They are diferent.
B003A4T4A0 Great shoes I have had a pair of these shoes for over a year and they are almost as comfortable as my running shoes, I already have a pair which are still in good shape but timberland no longer has these in there inventory so I bought another pair to have when theydo wear out.
B003A4T4A0 Good shoes. Comfort is 7 out of 10. Only had shoes for a short time now though. May be better once broken in a little more. Stylish and slip resistant definitely a plus. Exactly I wanted. Meets all expectations.
B003A4T4A0 Great Shoes As a Chef I stand most of the day. Even with anti-fatigue mats it can get uncomfortable. These sturdy shoes have proven themselves. Very comfortable, short break in time. Excellent anti slip soles. Footbed is leather covered and offers solid support. Far better than the ubiquitous clogs.
B003A4V78C AMAZING WORK (kitchen) SHOES I was searching for a strong comfortable durable shoe for work. After looking at multiple other types of timberland work shoes i went with these. Im a chef, on my feet 9-12 hours a day and up and down stairs constantly. These shoes passed the first week test. Flawless. I was looking for a flaw in them , but theres just no cons to these. I will Probably buy the same pair next time i need new work shoes. That is if these shoes ever wear out. Ive never been dissappointed with Timberland products especially their footwear.
B003A4V78C Comfortable and nice It is so comfortable and smart!!!I love the shoes!!! I am so pleased!!!I recommend this shoes!Thanks a lot!!!
B003A4V78C Dress Shoes Timberland Love it looks elegant and is very comfortableI had a very good experience. This was my first time I buy shoes on line and the experience was just great and got exactly what I needed. Thank you.
B003A4V78C Nice looking but they are narrow. I've had a pair of Timberland shoes before in the same size but the fit is different. These shoes fit narrow on my feet.The insoles are very thick, there isn't any cushion in the actual sole but the insole is just a thick cushion. Mine arrived with some slight markings near the toe as well, something that shouldn't happen with new shoes.Other than those small things the shoes look great, I really like the traction as well.
B003A4V78C LOOKS GREAT. DOESN'T LAST! I purchased these shoes from Shoebuy back in September. 4 months later both shoes have large tears along the sides where the shoes bend. Yes, I do where them in a restaurant 55 hours a week, but these were also well-maintained. They are extremely comfortable (much more than other brands I have purchased in the past) but THEY JUST DON'T LAST.Buyer Beware.
B003A4V78C gr8 for work I am using this shoes for work since last couple of weeks.... they are great and comfortable... initially the shoes felt little tight but eventually in the day or two it just sync with the feet... i am not from hospitality industry.... I am lawyer by profession and in Mumbai one requires to travel a lot... either with ur own vehicle or in public transport... and in my profession i ended up spending my entire day on my feet... in such situation the anti fatigue sole does its job... in India Timberland was launched its shoes since last 3 years and i own 3 pairs of different style... but timberland pro is not yet introduced over here.... so i require to order it from Amazon... the most important difference is the sole in this shoes are much thicker than the other timberland shoes... so in all its a good purchase though i paid double the price to ordered it including the shipment and custom duties.... but in all its good deal...
B003A4V78C Great Shoe Love Timberland shoes. Always fit perfectly, flexible enough to wear all day and are durable. I will wear Timberland shoes over and over again.
B003A56JIO Good shoe, not great I ordered these through Amazon.com/Papashoes.  It was free shipping, but it was going to take a couple of weeks.  OK, not horrible and I can wait.  Time passed, I'm wondering where my shoes are and followed the package tracking link to find that it is in New Jersey and not on it's way to California.  It actually shipped from California to New Jersey and then shipped back to California.  I contacted Papashoes and they followed up with the shipping company, stating that there was a mix up in the zip code.  No expedited shipping from New Jersey, they just stated it was going to a take a few more days.  By now, I'm frustrated, 3 weeks and my feet are killing me.  I asked to cancel the entire order but they said it would be too hard to interupt the shipment and I could just refuse the order... except the shipping company dropped it off at my door, not allowing me to refuse it.  I asked for some compensation and they refunded $7 for waiting 3 weeks.  Once I found out the shoes were in Jersey, I went and bought a pair of shoes from a local store to hold me over.So, my advice is that if you are really in need of shoes, go to your local store, try the shoes on, suck it up and pay for the shoes.  If you can wait, Amazon/Papashoes will come through eventually.  They attempted to try to make things right and I'm ok with that.On to the shoes...well, I'm on my feet 13-14 hours a day in commercial construction.  The shoes don't have great ankle support but they are comfortable and look good.  I wouldn't recommend these if you were doing any kind of underground construction or if you are up and down a ladder all day.  They breathe well and there is enough foot support.  They are more comfortable and lighter than a $200.00 pair of redwings that take weeks to break in.  Try them out... and 30 days later return them if they don't work out.
B003A67X5G I don't know what to say about these shoes. I am a bit disappointed about the errors I made in ordering these shoes.  First of all they look great, but their sizes are very large, and I ordered size 15 w, which barely remains on my feet when I am walking I should have ordered size 14.  I chose w because upon the recommendation of another reviewer this should solve the problem of the back of your heels hurting you when walking in these shoes, especially up hill, but it doesn't. My pain probably would have been worse without the w, even though these shoes are too big for my feet.
B003A67X5G Lightest and instant comfort There is a reason that Timberland is so popular.  These shoes were instantly comfortable.  I have shopped for slip on and stylish boots.  Timberland has been consistently of great quality.  Nice boots.  I eventually bought two pair.  I really hope these lightweight shoes last.
B003A67X5G working shoes Very nice looking and very comfortable working shoes. Wish there were in brown also to buy another pair. If available when this pair are done, will buy the same again.
B003A67X5G Shoes buy shoes that were accurate, the number was right. the product arrival was a bit slow but acceptable, i will buy again
B003A67X5G Great shoes Awesome. Love these shoes. Very comfortable. Fit as expected. Arrived quickly and just as ordered. Highly recommended for anyone who needs comfortable work shoes.
B003A69RS2 super Excellent great shoes great quality they look great they very cool elegant and they last forever I recommend this shoes to everyone
B003A69RS2 Awesome work shoes This is the second pair I've bought in the last 2 years. I work 10-12 hours on my feet managing a busy restaurant, and these shoes are a great quality and very comfortable. I highly recommend these shoes to all service industry employees and management. They're worth every penny.
B003A69RS2 Wow! I have tiny, flat feet. I universally hate all shoes and sneakers for tiring my feet out. These shoes are great!! I just finished a weeklong tour of seven college campuses for my high school aged son and I have no foot pain at all.
B003A69RS2 Great shoe! I now how have 2 pairs of these shoes. That's how much I like them. I am on my feet on a concrete surface for 10 - 12 hours daily. These shoes really absorb the shock and prevent slip and falls.
B003A69RS2 Loooove! My husband hasn't stopped talking about these shoes. They fit perfectly right out of the box and were already broken in and very comfortable. He no longer has to wear inserts for comfort. He stands and walks 10 hours a day and said these shoes have been amazing. Great purchase!
B003A69RS2 Brilliant Shoes!!! I am thrilled with these shoes.  Take it from a guy who works on his feet in a fast-paced restaurant, these shoes rock!  They fit perfectly.  Didn't even need breaking in.  Every step feels like elves are massaging your feet.  My feet feel good even after a long double shift. They look good too.  I was a little hesitant because of the price, but as it stands they are worth it.  The polish up nicely.  They are great on slippery, wet surfaces.  I normally destroy shoes very quickly.  My only hope is that they last longer than 6 months.
B003A69RS2 Good shoes for restaurant work I own a small restaurant and wear these shoes as a heavy part of my shoe rotation. Our floors are all concrete or tile with anti-fatigue mats in key locations. It is really hard to find shoes that are comfortable for long days on hard floors, but these are one of the few I have found that I would get again. They are non slip and the insoles are more comfortable than the gel insoles I added to them (and then removed). They are easy on and easy off (shoe horn helps prolong their life).They are not overly supportive (I don't need the heavy duty arch support that so many shoes have). I kind of wish they had some springiness or extra cushion.That would give them the final star in my book. If you work on your feet all day, in a kitchen or front of the house or even in an office, these are a good solid pair of shoes.
B003A69RS2 Great shoes for waiters Great pair of shoes. Comfortable, cool design, and best that is worth every dollar. For an $80 pair of working shoes perform great.
B003A69RS2 Well designed, comfortable and look great I had to exchange the shoes for half a size smaller. The return-replace was painless.When I walk in wet areas like water from melted snow or after rain, a lot of water does NOT fly from the bottom to tip of the shoes making them wet on top. This is one of the things that I like the most. The shoes are comfortable, look very decent and professional.
B003A69RS2 A great pair of shoes for restaurant staff These are great shoes. The fit is exact and they are very comfortable and lightweight. I wore these shoes for the first time on a 12+ hour bartending shift and had absolutely no issues with the break-in. The are made with quality leather and definitely repel water/stains as advertised. The traction on wet and greasy restaurant kitchen floors is great. These shoes were about $20 more than the pair of skechers I was wearing previously, but worth every penny. From the looks of their quality construction, I have a feeling these shoes will last a long time and maintain their professional appearance.One point to note with the design of these shoes is that when slipping them on, the tongue can be tight. I would definitely recommend using a shoehorn so as not to damage the shoe over time. I do not consider this to be a flaw, however. I attribute it to the great fit of the shoe and to me that is a small price to pay for comfort.Overall, buy this product if you are in the market for professional looking and well-built shoes that are extremely comfortable.
B003A69RS2 These are my go to work shoes I work as a bartender and I wear these shoes for 8-10 hours a day.  They are my favorites.  They are waterproof and hold up reasonably well.  I get about 6-7 months out of them before the cushioning starts to drop off noticeably.  The soles last for far longer than the rest of the shoes.
B003A69RS2 Large and bulky These shoes look great, but they feel large and bulky, which I think is saying something on my size 14 feet.  These shoes are also a lot heavier than similar styles I have purchased in the past.  The slip resistant soles work well and they are definitely water proof (so far).  I will not be purchasing these shoes again.  The search for the perfect slip resistant shoe continues...
B003A6I6NO The best! I received my shoes and they are AWESOME! This is the most comfortable shoes that I have owned.
B003AZZIOU Great Winter Shoes but poor customer service Edit/update:  These were great winter shoes for the first couple of weeks I wore them ... but then the heel split.  I figured it was just a manufacturing problem and  could be quickly remedied.So I called Timberland and set up a return.  That was the simple part.  Timberland wouldn't pay for the return, so I paid the UPS return charge ($15.00) and tracked when the shoes were received.  Three workdays (five calendar days) after they were received, I called Timberland to determine what the status was.  Per their automated system, the shoes haven't been received ... UPS shows they have.I then talked to a customer service rep who told me that they were only now beginning to open returns received a week or more ago.  She estimated my shoes would be "evaluated" sometime late this week or early next (about 10 work days after they were received).Since these are for work, I can't wait that long for a replacement pair.  So I asked to speak to a supervisor to see if I could get the review expedited.  To add insult to injury, it apparently takes 24 hours for a supervisor to respond to a complaint.I have to admit, I'm surprised that companies like Timberland don't knock themselves out with service recovery programs for situations like this.  They know that they have an unhappy customer when a pair of shoes/boots need to be returned.  They knew that these particular shoes were less than a month old when they gave me a return number.  They know that they have a large number of returns compared to staffing levels when the time between receipt of shoes and "evaluation" is a week to two weeks.  But the response ... and underlying attitude is "oh.  Gee, we'll take a look at that when we get around to it."  Truly puzzling.  But sufficient for me to vow never to buy Timberlands again.Original Review:I've been looking for a good winter shoe that would stay dry, keep my feet warm and give me traction in snow/slush/ice.  These Timberlands do all three and are the best shoes I've found.A couple of other benefits:  price was very good and especially for a relatively new shoe.  And the shoes look good for both on-the-job uses and casual wear around the town.Some chukkas have a tight fit around the ankle and require a bit of a break-in.  Haven't noticed any problems with these and the break-in period was instantaneous.Traction on snow and ice is phenomenal, IMO.  The sole material does a great job of giving me a confident feel even in that greasy skid-stuff that builds up in parking lots, etc.The "warm feet" part is interesting.  When you put them on, there's not the "heat" you feel from highly insulated shoes that heat up via your own temperature.  But after wearing them for an hour, you realize that your feet are comfortably warm and stay that way throughout the day.And these shoes have stayed dry while walking through snow, slush and a few shallow puddles.In short:  these shoes completely meet my needs and expectations!  Thanks Timberland!
B003AZZIUE Confortable shoes I bought these shoes for me and find them very confortable to wear and wish I had additional colors to wear
B003AZZIUE Great Shoes I love these shoes.  This is the 4th pair I have bought.  They are comfortable and wear well.I am allergic to neoprene and have to find shoes without neoprene.  These fit the bill perfectly.I wear them all year and with jeans as well as with khakis.  When I travel they are great because they perform so many functions.
B003AZZIUE Timberland's Slip-on's Not the best looking shoes but they are very comfortable and functional.First pair of shoes I bought on line.Highly recommended if you know your shoe size.
B003AZZJLW LOVE THESE SHOES!!! I absolutely hate buying shoes in stores and buying them on line really makes life easy.  I have a handicap and require "slips" or "clogs" (just makes life easier not having to tie up laces).  These shoes fit perfectly and are intensely comfortable.  Worth the price!!!
B003AZZJLW Can't not wear them! I bought these shoes at an outlet store because they were a substantial shoe and dirt cheap.  I thought I might get some use out of them going to the mailbox or something.  But to my amazement I love these shoes and wear them constantly.  I wear them to the office where nobody really notices you don't have a back on your shoes.  I can kick them off under my desk and let the dogs breath.  I like them, they are currently my go to pair of shoes.
B003AZZKIE Nice shoes Nice shoes, have an urban 'streetwise' look, comfortable, seem really well constructed, not paticularly light weight but I think built to last.Tough toe area too, almost tradesman tough.By the way, anyone know how to clean or nourish black oiled shoes?Anyway, very happy with this purchase, well done Timberland
B003BLP1AE Great shoes, tricky laces These are good-looking, sturdy shoes, but it's tough to get the laces to stay tied for long.  I keep hoping it will improve with more wearings, but it frustrates my 7 year old so much that he doesn't wear them often.
B003ELOZSU Comfortable and Warm Really lovely shoes! Took the advice of ordering them a half size up and was really glad that I did. The shoes are prettier than I expected and really feel durable.
B003EO8SD0 Comfortable, but the rubber bacons I've had these shoes for a month, and the gray rubber on the sides of the shoes has started to shrivel. They still fit comfortably, but look a bit awkward.
B003EV5NPY Excellent winter shoes! Can get one by the whole winter season without worrying about wearing the shoes out! Great colors are available and I personally bought the silver to go with everything. Perfect coziness, height of shoes and good traction control.I would definitely recommend these shoes to my friends and family.
B003EV5P0C Crappiest Timberlands This is the worst timberland in the company's history. I am even convinced they are knockoffs that shoes.com is selling. This shoe absorbed water like a tissue, instead of repelling it as claimed in the description. When I contacted shoes.com, they said worn shoes are not returnable. How to heck would know if it is waterproof without wearing it outside? They are sending me a return label, lets see if i get the refund. Also the quality of these shoes are like to ones you get in payless or some cheap store. BUYER BEWARE, DO NOT BUY THE SHOES.
B003EV5QCY Perfect shoes, but beware - a little big These shoes are just perfect. Very comfortable and good looking. They are exactly what I was looking for: both casual and original. As you have probably learnt from the previous reviews, Timberland's Oxfords are a little bigger than the number suggests. I usually wear 11 - 11,5 and I would say that in this case 10,5 should be the choice. I knew it when I bought them so I don't complain. My shoes are a little loose in the front, but nevertheless they are very comfortable.
B003EV5QDS My Shoes I really like my shoes, they are really comfortable & look good on my feet I would recommend these shoes to anyone for any reason to go out in
B003EV5QDS Zippered shoes Very comfortabe shoes.  I ordered these shoes in the wide size and with the zipper.  Easy to put on and plenty of room for my feet.  Do not feel pinched.  Feels great and wore all day.  Usually I need a break in period but not with these shoes.
B003EV5QDS Incredibly comfortable shoes I picked up for MisCon modern Link Cosplay Okay, so I don't really know very much about boots, as I'm normally not much of a boot man. But, recently, I had to go to MisCon in Missoula Montana, and I decided to cosplay as a contemporary Link. The boots just kind of looked right for it. Anyway, got the shoes perfectly on time, and I loved how they looked. They were wonderful with the rest of the outfit, but I've worn them with regular clothing, and enjoy the look immensly.Now, the biiiiig thing for me. These shoes are daaamned comfy for me. I walked around for 3 days solid, and they were just delightful to wear. The big coup de grace though, was the dance party on the final night of Miscon. Wasn't sure how dancing was going to work in these shoes, but I didn't have any problems whatsoever with them.These be some miiiighty fine shoes!
B003EV5QDS Soft Leather and Very Comfortable I purchased the black and am very pleased with the look and feel of the leather.  The shoes are very comfortable and easily will become favorites of mine.  Much is said about the sizing.  I find that I wear 10 in running shoes and some dress shoes, but 9.5 in loafers and some other shoes.  I wear 9.5 in Timberland shoes. It is a comfortable fit that is not "too long" or "too Short."  I guess if you are like most people, you are not a perfect size anything. If they are too big, send them back and get a smaller size.
B003EV5QDS Great fit, looks amazing, very comfortable For the price, these shoes are excellent. I pretty much wear these everyday and they fit both into working, casual, and business environments with ease. I sometimes wear them with leather shoelaces but the ones that come by default with these shoes are fine too.Very comfortable as well. I can walk several miles in these just fine without any pain.
B003EV5QDS My favorite boot/shoes I really like these. They look great, can fill in as dress shoes for casual wear, and they're insanely comfortable.I highly recommend these babies.
B003EV5QDS Earthkeepers Great pair of versatile shoes! You can wear them to work or the club.  They are extremely comfortable also!  You can wear them as shoes or boots.
B003EYW6N8 Good shoes. Good shoes! Leather is excellent, a thick sole. A bit short, but great for the fall. They look stylish and fashionable. Universal model, I think, like girls and boys.
B003EYW8EK Really nice shoes Awesome shoe. It's soft and comfortable and really sturdy. They look cool too w/ a little styling / reinforced toe on the front and the orange logo on the back. Don't hesitate to buy these - I purchased for my 7 year old 2nd grader - uniform school shoes.
B003EYW8EK Not built for little boys I purchased these shoes for my son's school uniform.  The "reinforced" toe did not last a week.  The leather dye is weak and requires weekly polish.  I would not recommend this shoes for any children.
B003EYW8EK Dress Timberlands I gave five stars because these shoes lasted a long time and was still able to pass on for more wear. Great shoes for my PreK child, would recommend for any school age student.
B003EYW9Q2 great boys dress shoes These are great shoes. I couldn't find some that would go with jeans/dress pants and finally found these and they work great.  I had to send the first pair back as they seemed a bit small.  I ordered a whole size larger.  The return to Amazon was easy and hassle free.  I will buy Timberland again.  Quality is solid and my son says the shoes are comfortable.
B003EYW9TY Stupid shoes Stupid Timberland shoes or better yet the worst shoes that I ever brought from Timberland. They did not last for a year.
B003EYW9TY Great shoes Great shoes. Sturdy and when our son scraps the toes the leather sustains the black color and so the shoes still look good.
B003F24A6U Love these shoes!  :) I got these shoes for a backpacking trip in Iceland this summer.  While the trip hasn't happened yet, I've started wearing them to break them in, and... wait, what breakin period?  They fit like a glove.  Actually, I got some gloves for this trip too, and these shoes fit way better than them  ;)  They offer tons of support; they make me feel like running.  And they indeed seem breathable.  Plus, no leather was a requirement for me, and the recycled materials is a plus.Basically, unless they just fall apart in the next couple months, A++  :)
B003HLJETC Perfect for Work I am an event coordinator for a professional company so I have to be up on my feet, running around like a crazy person for hours at a time, while wearing a business suit. It is very difficult to find shoes that don't kill my feet. Merrell has been my choice in the past, but their shoes are too casual for my suits. These shoes fit the bill perfectly. They are comfortable enough to run in and they are dressy. Love them.
B003K31GDE Not sure I bought these shoes for my nephew who works in a kitchen. He said he almost fell. Shoes slipped on greasy floor. The are comfortable shoes though
B003K3AOA0 Good shoes Good shoes. Very well made. Warm, waterproof, descent on snow.Timberlands are larger than the amazon chart. Keep in my mind you may need one size less.
B003L1ZZ9G Good shoes Nice shoes, little stiff 1st day I wore them, but breaking in nicely.  They did stain my sock a little like another reviewer complained, but I don't care since my sock is inside my shoe, and I don't wander around in my socks.  I've had similar Timberland's in the past, they last for years.
B003NUQYC2 receivability The size of the shoes is not the same as some common code number.Wear comfortable shoes.The next time will continue to choosetimberland
B003NUR4P8 Great Shoes These shoes are made with great materials and work well for my son who is an electrician.  It is nice to find such good quality shoes for his work.
B003OBZSZO Originals timberland shoes happy to have this shoes. Delievery to Russia takes almost 1 month. Size fits as expected.Good shop. Ready to buy something else here
B003OBZT3A This is was Love from first look!!!:) I just love this boots! Wanted something looks realy good with jeans, or with other winter pants, and I found it!!!! I was order BROWN color. Usualy I wear 7-8 size,  but this shoes I was order on 8,5 and I'm very happy I did it!:) This shoes truely warm! stylish! comfortable! high quality shoes! great sole , wich dont let me fall down in ice time and high enough to let my feet stay hot! and I'm sure this winter will be my fav!!!!:) If you asc me advice about wich one to choose for winter - I will offer you with no doubt this one!!!***Special thank you AMAZON for bring my fav new shoes for such a short time!!!!:)
B003V9A47Q not vvery good i think the shoes not as well as it like.brim of the shoes come unglued.i don't know if the shoes are really
B003V9ISSI nice shoes The Timberland Men's City Adventure Split Cupsole Oxford shoes looked better in the picture than in real life, but i still like them, and they are comfortable.
B003VJWJ1U Timberland These Timberlands here are the real deal these shoes are just what they say they are... I love these shoes they look nice they feel nice and they attract attention to themselves..... I was very excited watching the shipping destinations on my phone and when the arrived they were exactly what i ordered online.... If these shoes have caught your eyes buy them right away.... I love amazon.com and i always recommend them....
B003VMD68C Comfy I bought these shoes thinking that I could easily slip them on, and that they would be really comfortable, only the latter was shown, but it's not such a problem. The shoes are really really comfortable, but also have a white bottom that seems just about indestructible, making it a good shoe indoors and outdoors. The laces are also really great, they haven't come undone once while wearing them. The only real problem I have with these is that the stitching isn't the best; there's a hole on one of mine after having them for about a month. Oh well. Overall the shoes are worth the price I would say.
B003VMUFCC There are  confortable. I love these shoes. They are light and very comfortable, and people compliment me about these shoes all the time.
B003VMXRZE comfortable for jogging Good Looking shoes, comfortable for jogging but not for being on your feet without moving (if you know what I mean), I gave 3 stars because at de beginning, I was tying the shoes in the normal way. At de end of the day, I was having a pain on the top of the foot. After that I loosed the laces more than normal and After I a week or so, finally I was comfortable with the shoes. Take time to be comfortable with them, don't know why it is.
B003VMXSJ4 Great shoe It took a couple of weeks to break these in, after which I found these shoes to be extremely comfortable, rugged and versatile.  Besides being great on dirt trails, I've just recently found them to be invaluable while doing a roofing project, with the excellent traction giving me firm footing even on steep pitches.  You can't go wrong with these shoes.
B003VMXYPM Awesome Shoes !! The shoes are too good. Also, I got it within three days and packing too was very good. Definitely worth the price.
B003VMYDE8 Great Shoes! This shoe is definitely constructed well and worthy of the Timberland logo. Not the most comfortable shoes, but you don't buy boat shoes because the're the most comfortable. You buy them for style, durability, functionality, and then semi-comfort. Well worth the purchase price and should last for years if properly cared for. A+
B003VN6688 Cool Shoes!! Just recieved my shoes today and I'm so happy with them. I ordered a 10 and they fit great. I couldn't figure out if I should have ordered a 9 1/2 because sometimes I'm in between a 9 1/2 and a 10 but glad I went with my gut. I would recommend these to anyone!
B003XT9L50 Extremely comfortable Most comfortable hiking shoes I have worn in a long time.  Bought a pair of Columbia at the same time and these Timberland shoes are much more comfortable.  I have not actually worn them for hiking, but I do wear them on a daily basis and I am very pleased.  Highly recommend.
B003YC3YR2 Cool sneaker... I bought a pair of the navy Timberland City Adventure Camp shoes for my vacation, and I wasn't disappointed. These shoes are comfortable for long walks and overall are easy on the feet. I also really like the retro look, they look great with blue jeans. I actually received a compliment on them too, which as far as shoes go was a first for me!
B003YC48QS Nice Shoes Love my new shoes!  The transaction was perfect with quick delivery.  The  shoes are of high quality (as I would expect from Timberland) and very comfortable.  I'll definitely purchase from Timberland again.
B0040UDP6C super shoes I love these shoes, they are not heavy as it seems at first vzgyald, very comfortable, high-quality made. She took a size 9 foot by 25.5 cm I'm generally a fan of Timberland shoes and recommend to everyone
B00411U7XO Excellent pair of shoes ! ! I really don't feel any regret for my purchase.  Excellent product and very professional too.  It combines the beauty of a normal and casual pair of shoes and the though of the professional shoes.  At the beginning they were not that confortable, but every day I use them and now they don't hurt me anymore.  Each shoe weights 2.2 pounds. I love them now.  They are a little bit tight but it is understandable because this pair of shoes are professional. Great Product!
B0041FYSIA Comfy Very comfortable when I'm on my feet for 4 hours as a cashier and definitely more attractive than sneakers. Would recommend a waterproofing spray to protect the suede-like material from weather. Timberland might want to tuck a note in with the shoes regarding this type of protection to keep shoes looking good!
B0041OEOPI Wonderful shoes! I bought these for my boyfriend who loves to go hiking and is very picky. They look amazing and fit wonderfully, just make sure you order a half size larger as they are hiking shoes. he wears them almost every day and can't stop going on about how comfortable they are. He has yet to get any any raw spots, even when they were brand new. Highly recommend, don't think you could get better for the price.
B0041OEOPI Great sporting shoes I love this shoes, confortable and good quality. I believe I will buy another pair, different color. Glad that Timberland is doing this kind of items.
B0043QGPKQ Great Quality, good fit, Timberland quality I always buy good quality shoes. They will last a long time if you take care of them.These shoes fit true to size for me (12D) with a little extra room but not too loose. I like the extra room, so I can wear thick socks on cold days.These shoes are a bit heavier in weight than my other shoes, but not so much that I notice it when wearing them..The leather quality and finish is excellent on the oiled brown . These can be oiled (my choice) or polished or both. Oiling helps keep the leather soft and moisturized and looking good for a long time. It also helps repel water. I useLeather Honey Leather Conditioner, the Best Leather Conditioner 8oz Bottleon all my shoes and belts once a year minimum. It will darken some light color leathers, but usually lightens near the original color after a few days.The soles of these shoes are a little thicker and have deeper traction treads than other casual shoes I have but not so much as to look like hiking shoes. Perfect for dressy casual.These shoes do require a little longer to break in than other shoes I have. But once broken it they are even better.This is my first purchase of Timberland casual shoes. Overall very good shoes, high quality and comfortable. Would definitely buy these again.Tip:My feet sweat a lot in hot, and cold weather. So, after a days use the inside of my shoes are damp and that eventually causes smelly shoes. A few months ago I saw this shoe dryer on Amazon's gold box specials and bought it:PEET Dryer M97-FSB Original 2-Shoe Electric Dryer, Black. In the few months I've had it, my shoe odor has declined dramatically. My son has the same feet as me, so I use it on his stinky shoes to. :) Note that it only helps reduce foot odor if you use it while the shoes are damp. Does nothing if your shoes are dry already. This dryer does not have a timer or on/off switch, so I useBelkin Conserve Socket F7C009q Energy-Saving Outletand set it for 3 hours. Works great.Ships from and sold by Amazon for $78.50 excluding sales tax
B0043QGPKQ Looks sharp and very comfortable. When I purchased these, they were going to be the replacement for my Florsheim work shoes that I've had for years.  At first, I was hesitant to purchase it since I'm not used to buy shoes without having to try them out first but given the past experiences that I had with Amazon, I thought the return process shouldn't be too much of a hassle if I did need to return the item.  After receiving it, it definitely felt heavier than the Florsheims that I had but the fact that it looked more stylish and allowed me to have more flexibility to pair them with either dressier work attire or jeans on my days off, it made me appreciate it more.  I've used them long enough to say they are very comfortable even with my long commutes from NJ to NY.  My job requires lots of travel and walking and these shoes are definitely very comfortable on my feet.  They seem to resist scuffing more than my Florsheims as well so that's pretty good - it'll require less polishing for me and will stay looking fresh longer even with the abuse that it'll get.  Overall, I would definitely recommend these shoes.
B0043QGPKQ Quality shoes. Timberland always seems to put out quality shoes & boots. These were nice but they just did not fit right for me.
B0043QKPNY Good looking Good looking shoes.True all it is said in Amazon.com product description.The only bad thing is that the throat of the shoe is a little wider than that of standard shoes so it feels a little loose.
B0043QM6JU Really good shoes This is a delayed review, however at this moment after two years of having these pair of shoes, I can tell they are really good, excellent quality and they look nice.
B004EHXZ1Q Love these shoes... Ordered these last fall in navy leather for my little prepster.  I love them.  I actually came back to order another pair.  We always get lots of compliments on them.  They were a little stiff when we got them but it didn't take long for them to soften up.  Quality is great as expected.  I compared them to his other shoes from Land's End and K Swiss.  I would consider them pretty true to size.  I ordered them a bit big to last longer and plan to order another pair for when he grows out of these.  Highly recommended.
B004EHXZ1Q GREAT SHOES Very nice shoes. My 18 months is very happy with Timberland shoes. So, He and I recommend to your babys this shoes!
B004FESCK2 Great shoes I read some reviews that said these shoes ran small.  I ordered my standard size and they fit perfectly.  I was told it might take up to two weeks to be delivered, so I was pleasantly surprised when I received them in five days.  We have long, cold, snowy winters where I live and these shoes are going to be perfect.
B004FHCKDE great shoe I have owned several pairs of these shoes over the past 10 years. From walking in mud, snow or they are stylish enough to wear anywhere. If Timberland keeps making these shoes I will keep buying them,
B004J2HSLY If the shoe fits The shoes look really good, especially to dress up a nice pair of jeans. These are very attractive shoes and feel good. I bought these shoes because i have the same style hiking boots and wanted something comfortable when i am driving. I would def buy another pair!
B004J2HSLY Outsatnding shoes Timberland shoes fit me perfectly. It never ceases to amaze me at how good and comfy a mid cost shoe can be. Buy them now.
B004J2HSLY Great!!!!!! fit as expected, the shoes are great, are comfortable, I used for a rainy week and the shoes withstand rain perfectly
B004J2HSLY ok The quality of this shoes is awesome and as always have an impressive package. I recommend this shoes work with everything.
B004J2HSLY Very Comfortable Shoes! I love the Timberland brand. These shoes fit great, are very light, and have great traction. I got these because I wanted a slip on Timberland to use with jeans and to travel with. Love slip on shoes for airports! Never had a complaint with these, they have held up great.
B004J2HSLY Great pair of of shoes I was looking for a pair of slip ons that are  comfortable, supportative, and that looked good. After reading some of the reviews I decided to purchase the timberlands chocorua trail slip on. These shoes hit all the marks I was looking for. Lightwieght. supportive and comfortable. Do yourself a favor and purchase these outstanding shoes.
B004J2HSLY least comfortable I'm inclined to think that the people who felt this style to be comfortable have not worn other Timberland shoes.  I love Timberland because of their comfort but the chocorua is not one of them.  I find that the Chocorua are on the stiff side. This is disappointing.  Before, when I see Timberland shoes I automatically equate it with comfort but now I've learned to be a bit wary.
B004J2HSLY TIMBERLAND MEN's CHOCORUA I'm a Flight Attendant in my 60s and have spent almost 40 years on my feet while working in various TIMBERLAND shoes.Obviously I like Timberland ! My previous Timberlands were AIRPORT FRIENDLY in that there were NO METAL SHANKS to set off the detectors.Well,I'm happy to say that NEITHER DO THESE ! Thus I NEVER have to take my shoes off for the TSA ! Of course,I am in uniform ... Anyway,I made a major decision to change from lace shoes to SLIP ONs and so I bought these and just a tad wider than normal for a change.They are EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE and SNUG with NO SLIPPAGE !I'm probably going to buy a 2nd pair while they are available.PS ....... I bought these based much in part to the AMAZON REVIEWS which I find to be INVALUABLE !
B004J905EY Great For a rugged path Shoes are little heavy. Made for a rock filled hike.Love the feeling of comfort on a uneasy surface.These are great shoes
B004JZPRWS Strange pair of shoes This shoes are confortable and the quality is good, but there are cons:1. Left shoe is made of smooth leather but the right one is made of rampled leather and has longer lace. I think they are from different batch.2. They are hot at the bottom.
B004JZPRWS Great shoes I purchased these shoes a couple months ago & they are great. Fit well and look even better. If you have plantar facitis, would recommend an insert, otherwise, you won't be sorry about this purchase. Timberland shoes are all I buy and with good reason. They fit well, look good and they last.  Try them.
B004JZPRWS Timberland City Endurance Oxford Brown Hi All,I am a total shoe person and in particular i am fond of sneakers, loafers and boots. Needless to say Timberland  has achieved the pinnacle when it comes to suede or leather shoes/boots. I am from India and always wanted to own Timberland shoes but was not able to buy because till last 2 years we had no dedicated store. I got my shoes yesterday from a friend who is in India for new year and nothing better could have been my gift for myself. The shoes look very raw, fits amazing and are perfect to be worn with denims. If someone want to plan his next date ,the shoes can be paired up with a dark blue denim and a white shirt. Very comfortable, sturdy and size 11D(M) is perfect in width. Not too broad.
B004JZPRWS I needed strong shoes for work. The Timberline shoes fit well and look nice. I did not want fancy I wanted shoes that were workable for 10 hour days and would not crack of leak water - these do just that and have confort.
B004JZPRWS Excellent Shoes for the $$$ I am on feet all day long and for the $$ these shoes are well worth it.  I have tried almost all brands and the Timberlands last, they look great, and they dont scuff up like some of the others.  Well worth the $$.
B004JZPRWS Another quality Timberland Product These shoes are incredibly comfortable and look great too!  Size was good and the quality is what I expect from Timberland.  I have only had these shoes for a few days but they appear to be some of the best work shoes I own.  Laces are a tad long but that really isn't a problem for me.
B004JZPRWS Couldn't be happier I love the comfort of Timberland shoes and my only concern was purchasing shoes online.  Well, I no longer have a concern.  Good purchase, great fit.
B004JZPRWS Timberlands Men's Shoes Shoes aren't as comfortable as expected.  Walk on a cement floor a good portion of the day and noticed a slight rubbing on the back of my upper heal. I updated this review on 8-24-13...........I had to get rid of the shoes. After trying them out for awhile, I could no longer tolerate the blisters that I would get from my footupper back heal rubbing on the shoe. I honestly have to see these are the worst shoe I ever owned.
B004JZVF88 Utilitarian, good looking shoes I'm writing this review 3 years after having bought this shoes; hey, you have to use them in order to talk about them.This are not sophisticated looking shoes, but they look really good considering the way they serve their purpose.  This shoes really make you fill like your feet are protected, and considering they are not high boots, they keep your feet warm and dry even during cold rainy days. This are shoes I feel comfortable wearing to casual occasions where opting by comfort is not going to throw off my looks.
B004JZVF88 Great Shoes! Ordered these shoes, great grip for flat soles, very comfortable, come with extra laces as well if you don't like the rawhide laces.
B004JZVF88 MY LAST TIMBERLANDS These are the worse pair of shoes I have ever worn. After a short walk of twenty minutes my heels were bleeding. I'm not kidding they were actually bleeding! The problem area is the Achilles'. The shoes just rubbed and cut right into my flesh. Yes, I was wearing socks. There just isn't any padding in that area of the shoe. Poorly designed and must not have been tested on real feet before production. I own several pair of Timberland shoes, but these will be my last.
B004K26GMK good This shoes is confortable to wear. It is useful to release fatigue as it is described. The front of the shoes is a little narrow so it is better to choose a wider front kind of shoes if your feet is wider.
B004K26GMK Probably the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought! These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They run true to size.They look great and do not scuff easily. They can be worn casual or business casual with anything from scruffy jeans to smart pants. I travel alot and they are also very easy to put on and off for airport security.I will definitely buy these again in a different color.
B004K6A758 Very comfortable I really like these shoes, they're very comfortable. The heel is a good comfortable height. But I was disappointed that the color of the leather is very uneven as if when you wet your shoes and have dark blotches.
B004K6A758 Great Shoes!! I love these soft leather clogs, that look like a boot, they were true to size and very comfortable. These were the first Timberland shoes I bought and because of the look and feel of this shoe, I am looking now to order in the future more of the Timberland brand.
B004KJNO7I Timberland Shoes I order a pair of Timberlake shoes (8.5 med)women's Pinkham Notch Oxford. I have only ordered shoes on line one other time.  I received the shoes quickly and so impressed that I ordered another in a different color. These shoes are very comfortable and light weight on your feet. Would highly these shoes.
B004L32PFU Good The shoes looks good and light weighted. I like it. But some part of the leather in the shoes keep hurting my ankles.
B004L32PFU Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Rugged Boot,Brown,10 M US shoes are too big, foot loose, too roomy toes, still with all the shoes size 10 fit perfectly and Clarks and Chippeva, sole strong, well-kept ankle
B004L36UN8 Great fitting boot Let me start off by saying that I usually tend to have to a lot of extra money on my shoes because I have to order wide width shoes. I have always been leery of ordering shoes online. Especially since its difficult to touch, see and try on the shoe before buying them. Luckily Amazon's return policy is really great so that's not a big deal. This boot is my third purchase from Amazon and the first time I have ever tried a pair of Timberland boots that were actually comfortable and the first time I have seen them in a wide width. The boots themselves are great. From the first time I tried them on they were as comfortable as some of my athletic shoes. From the get go they had a great broken in feel of a great pair of old comfortable shoes from the get go. They have just enough give to make them just right but not so much that the shoe feels loose on your feet. they sole grips perfectly so far and I have not slipped on any of the surfaces that shoes normally slip on (wet marble, loose sand etc.) unfortunately in south Florida I cannot test how these shoes are on ice but I can tell you that for sure the water proofing works as in the rain yesterday had to walk through several puddles and the water on the outside of the shoe just simply beaded off and my feet never got wet. Awesome shoe I would recommend to anyone. I plan on ordering a lighter brown version of these shoes soon. Thanks Amazon.
B004L36WD6 Very good This is very good shoes. I love it. Very comfortable to walk in.The only reason why I did not give 5 start is, the shoes had some scratches. Looks like it was either mishandled while packing. Also one of the shoe had a small grove kinda in the front which was covered up with glue
B004L36WD6 Great shoes, fantastic quality! I bought these shoes as a Black Friday deal, and it was a spur of the moment purchase.I have never owned a pair of Timberland shoes in my life, though my wife does and she swears by them.The Black Friday deal was too good to pass, so I just HAD to buy this.Product came in it's original box, nicely double-boxed by Amazon so that it would reach me safely.The quality is excellent!I have absolutely no complaints - these shoes look good, they feel great, and I feel like I could climb a mountain in them. (which is exactly what I bought them for)A sweet 20-something-year-old girl (almost half my age!) even complimented me on my nice shoes, which makes it deserve even more than the 5 stars I could give. All-in-all, a great purchase.
B004LBOJCO Comfortable, durable shoes I was prepared not to like these, since Timberland is now making their shoes in Asia. However, these are excellent.
B004LG9YR4 I can't recommend these Timberland boat shoes! These shoes are made in Bangladesh and it shows.  I ordered size 7.5M and according to the label in the shoes, that's what I got.  They fit like size 9's.  There were several blotches in the leather on both shoes.  Very poor quality.  The shoes were sent back and I found a much nicer pair of Sperry Topsiders on sale locally for $21.00 less.  Amazon, as usual, was great regarding the return.
B004LG9YR4 timberland shoes Timberland shoes are extremely comfortable, have a true fit and last for a long long time. I have 4different styles from sandals to boots and love them all.
B004NRUZQ0 Great buy I have discovered it is best to ignore the sensational sounding reviews, both good and bad; and I am glad I ignored the bad reviews for these shoes. These are an excellent buy. They fit very well, with a moulded footbed for added comfort. I did not think the shoe or the shaft fit was tight. I wore these during a 2 week vacation in europe with a lot of walking and these shoes were as comfortable as my running shoes!
B004NRYKZC Really comfortable! :) I bought these shoes being a bit skeptical because of some reviews that said it was "too snug". It was perfect! My feet are not broad and not really narrow either, so if your feet are "normal" then these shoes should fit perfectly. It is true to size and I like wearing them all day, sometimes even more than 24 hours.I like walking in them because something about the feel of them makes me walk and feel more confident.I have gotten many compliments about these shoes. You should give it a shot.Then only thing that made me sad was that I bought the brown ones for $106 and then a few weeks later the price dropped to $72. Man, I was so upset with myself, but I was still happy I got these shoes. My most expensive shoes yet and worth every penny.
B004P1A5YG Truly original design.  Executed excellently!  Will buy more.... Who's ever seen another foldable zipper-closed shoe? Seriously.  These shoes are awesome.PROS (huge pros because I am very picky):1) Folds in half and zips closed, with a hook for attaching to a backpack.  The fabric is protected from dirt when traveling which keeps the shoes clean.2) Super lightweight fabric upper.  Nylon is durable and very comfortable.  Doesn't breath as well as cotton or mesh, but is the next best choice.3) No traditional laces!  Uses "quick laces" - much lighter and easier to use.  Love em.4) Flat footbed.  Awesome!  It's so hard for me to find a shoe that isn't angled or shaped.  Most shoes have raised heels and "arch support" which, in my opinion, experience as a healthcare professional and research, causes posture imbalances leading to foot pain, pronation/supination, low back pain, knee and hip pain, etc.  Over 99% of shoes I will not wear for this very reason.  I have spent years and thousands of dollars learning about posture and mobility, even lectured about it.  The modern style of shoes are so harmful for our bodies.  Post a comment below if you want to know more.  I can recommend books.CONS (but not really):1) Weigh 9 oz per shoe or a little over 1 lb for the pair.  This is about 15-25% lighter than most shoes, but am used to 'barefoot style' shoes that weigh 5-7 oz for the pair.  So these are a bit heavier than what I like on my feet.  (I'm a minimalist, Zen-style yogi health nut type.)  But for most people, these shoes will be lightweight or average.  It's the density of the rubber that adds the weight; the fabric is super light.2) Tab on the zipper rubs the ground... but not if you flip the tab up.  The pull tap will stay upright and not touch the ground when walking, if you set it.OVERALLFor short trips to the store, vacations, backpacking/camping, post exercise, etc. these shoes are simply amazing.  Very comfortable, light weight, proper footbed and unique styling.  This will not be my last pair of these.  Enjoy!
B004P1A5YG Convenient shoes It has a good quality, recommended for travelling. Either for doing sports or just walking. The price is reasonable. Bought this shoes for my dad
B004P1A5YG Great casual shoes These are great lightweight shoes for casual wear.  They are also washable and easy to pack.  I have several pair in different colors and wear them almost every day.
B004PA6HYY excellent shoes True to form from Timberland, not only a good looking pair of shoes, but comfortable as well. I have been buying only Timbeland shoes since 1982, and will never buy any other brand, they are the best. If you wat a good pair of shoes to wear for everyday, these are the ones to buy.
B004PA6HYY Love em Great shoes.  Comfortable, easy to get on, and they don't make weird shoe noises on different floors like some shoes.The only reason I'm giving 4/5 stars is that my feet tend to sweat in them more so than others.  But maybe that's just my feet being stupid.
B004PA6HYY Mark A True to form from Timberland, not only a good looking pair of shoes, but comfortable as well.  I have been buying only Timbeland shoes since 1982, and will never buy any other brand, they are the best.  If you wat a good pair of shoes to wear for everyday, these are the ones to buy.
B004PNE720 Great shoes Love the shoes and they are very comfortable. The only reason why I did not give them a 5star is because the ladder lock has caused some problems and almost twisted my ankle when I walk up and down the ladder frequently.
B004PPLZEG Shoes They're great, they fit really good, can't wait to wear them for winter. They are light shoes too what makes it nice to walk long distances.
B004PZWGP8 good winter shoes good winter shoes. but the sole is not as soft as i think.if the sole is more soft ,i think it will be  ok
B004Q01I4W lousy shoes Bought these shoes, they look good,feel good, but only for a few weeks. seams feel apart on both sides on both shoes, very disappointed. Won't buy timberland brand again.
B004RQ1GPG I recommend this type of shoes for everyone in the field Good shoesjust what I needed.I've been doing electrical for 14 years and I always have problems finding good shoes
B004RQ1JH6 Great Shoes This is my third or fourth pair of TImberland's, Great shoes, they do last, i am 245 lbs and get about a year from a pair of five to six days a week use. I am usually a 12, and they do tend to fit about a half size to big, my choice an 11.5. works great.
B004RQ1JH6 Great purchase I bought these for my husband because he travels some and has to pack big steel toed boots in his suitcase or wear them on the plane. I found these shoes that wouldn't take up as much space in the suitcase.  They were lightweight and perfect.  He ended up usually wearing them on the plane, though, because they are more comfortable than his regular shoes.  We will definitely order these again when he needs them.
B004RQ38B6 I don't leave many reviews.... But when I do, its for a great product.  Ever worry about floating off?  Well your troubles are over.  These shoes will certainly keep you grounded.  They are quite an eye catcher as well.EDIT:I still liked the shoes.  However, as you can see I said "liked", they only lasted a year and then they were no longer ESD shoes, just normal shoes.  I expected the to last longer than a year... Thus I changed a 5 star rating to a 3 star rating.
B004RQ38B6 Nice shoes All Timberland shoes are great products, this shoes have excellent leather quality, but are a little bit heavy,  fit well,
B004RQ38B6 LOVE THESE SHOES A bit heavy but they are super comfortable very dressy and worth the $$.. I would highly recommend them for anyone.
B004RQ38B6 Awesome work shoes I'm only on the shop floor a few hours a week, but for my use, these are great.  Comfortable, fairly cool, fit like they should (true to size) and appear to be very good quality.  I walk a few miles a day in them in all types of weather and they show no wear.  I would strongly recommend these safety shoes.
B004RQ38B6 Beware The product itself is very nice and comfortable. The problem is the Company Timberland. I received a pair of GladStone ESD shoes. The right sole insert was torn about 3 inches from the top, I called Timberland and could not believe the lack of customer support. They 1st wanted me to send the shoes BACK to Timberland at my cost which i certainly refused. I said brand new shoes right out of the box defective is your responsibility on cost not mine. I said why not send me a call tag for the torn insert and sent me a replacement. We can;t do that was the response. What a lie..... The the girl tells me to go to Timberland.com and order a pair at MY expense. I then asked for a supervisor and was told their are none available and the leave my phone number which i refused telling them it is  Saturday and i am NOT sitting around all day waiting for a call that may or may not come.  If you want customer support by buying Timberland shoes, it does NOT exist. I bough my ONLY timberland shoes, and WILL NEVER buy another pair from this company again.AMAZON.com is a true blue company and wanted to help e in anyway they can, they go out of their way to make things right. Timberland could take a lesson from Amazon..This is why I buy from Amazon, they are here for the people and their support is 2nd to none.  GOODBYE for life Timberland. I will never recommend your shoes to anyone.
B004RQ38B6 Husband's Favorite Work Shoe! Got these work shoes for my husband since he was complaining of his old shoes starting to hurtHe does wear them out pretty fast and is very picky about shoes but especially about work shoes. Well he was very pleased when he saw them and has no complains at all. The quality is great and they are comfortable all day! He will be reordering these again!
B004RQ38B6 They are good but could be better I purchased these shoes after trying many other safety shoes. I needed shoes that were light-weight, but at the same time had the steel toe since I have to be standing and walking in the manufacturing floor for most of the day. Their price was average for a pair of safety shoes. Also, they run a little big, you need to order a half size less than what you usually use for shoes, even if you are planning on using thick socks.What is good:The shoes are very comfortable and light-weightThey look professional, and will go well with jeans or dress pantsWhat could be better:They need a better air circulation design. Your feet will definitely get really hot and sweatyThe material could have better quality, since they will get noticeable scratches really quick if you work on the manufacturing floor frequently
B004RQ38B6 Comfortable shoes I can't believe how comfortable these are right out of the box.  Steel Toe shoes and boots always leave my feet sore at the toes, but these haven't done that.  I even started to walk out of work one day without changing to my street shoes because they felt so good.  I took others advice and ordered a half size smaller than what I regularly wear, and I think I could have gone down a whole size.  I will be purchasing these again when the need arises.
B004T19U7U Great Boots Quality shoes and great fit for anyone with small feet.  I'm a size five in womens and can't find a good, quality boot that doesn't look little kidish but these are perfect! I love them and I plan to look for Timberland shoes the next time I need a pair!
B004TX7KN4 Comfortable and Stylish... I absolutely love these shoes, so much so that I went out and purchased an additional pair.  They are both comfortable and stylish, they look good with almost anything I wear.
B0052A7F2Y A pleaser to your feet I love my timberland pro work shoes. I've worn these shoes for several years and I have had no problem with my feet and or legs and back. When I first started weearing these shoes I was so excited to return back to work to put them on my feet because they felt like clouds. To make a long story short you could not go wrong with these shoes your feet would be very pleased.
B0052A7F2Y My forever shoes! I love these shoes! I no longer go home with aching feet and legs! Easy on, never slide off while walking, and easily cleaned!
B0052A7F2Y loving my shoes These shoes are amazing. As an OR nurse who spends a lot of time on my feet, good shoes are important.  This a great shoe.  I have received compliments from my boss and coworkers. They love the unique design and are shocked when I say they're Timberland shoes.  DIGGIN MY NEW TIMS!
B0054HM0Z2 My Go Everywhere Shoes Roomy shoes, don't clamp your feet like some dress shoes.Great for both office and industrial environment.Good slip resistance....I once slipped and fell when wearing my old Caterpillar shoes...it felt like ice-skating when the ground is oily. This pair in comparison is much much better.Additional composite toe protection (don't feel it when wearing). Meets most industrial safety footwear requirements.For the ESD protection part.... I need this when visiting some of our electronics manufacturing plants. I think it's great for office if you get those frequent static shocks when open doors.
B0054HM3YA Best Work Shoes In My 25 Years Working These are the most comfortable work shoes I have ever had. The quality is great and they are waterproof. If you are spending more than 8 hours on your feet, you need great shoes. You should never buy cheap shoes. Why suffer when you don't have to? Amazon offers very good prices on these. I have seen these shoes sell for at least 450 more on other sites and in stores. Timberland offers a 30 day  guarantee that if the boots aren't great, they will refund your money.
B0054HM47Q Good shoes This is the pair I bought for myself...I have a foot problem and these shoes take care of it....so thanks
B0054HM47Q Fits as expected and is comfy as hell I usually get at least 1 blister when I put on a pair of new shoes and that includes running shoes. This pair of shoes need no breaking-in period and was comfy from day 1.
B0054HM47Q Fantastic protective hiking shoes! The Timberland PRO Willow Trail Hiking Boots are extremely versatile shoes that are suited for almost any situation. These shoes may have a protective metal toe, but they're just as light as a regular running shoe. I purchased these boots to serve as a pair of work shoes, but I've quickly come to like wearing them any time.The (many) pros of the boots:-Above all, the PROs are comfortable and light-weight--the soles aren't exactly gel-soft, but they'll work for hours of standing.-Great protection not only for the toes, but also in the form of static dissipation.-They're fairly water resistant--I've noticed that they'll even keep out a gushing rainstorm.-With Vibram outer soles, the Willow Trails have great traction.-Although they're made from synthetic materials, the shoes seem quite breathable.-Finally, these shoes are so stylish! The color scheme is the same as in the pictures, and they don't look clunky or over-sized.However, there are some cons:-Being made of synthetic materials, rather than leather, is a little surprising.-Even though the insoles are comfortable, I would rather that they were somewhat softer.Overall, the Willow Trails are wonderful shoes, definitely a good buy and especially for the price.
B0054HM5AM excellent shoes The shoes are great, durable, comfortable. something big. good for all terrain, climbing, walking, rain. You can not expect less are timberland.
B0056QVSQ8 So comfortable I love the comfort of these shoes, I walk alot at work and they are the most comfortable shoes from the first time I put them on.  I will get the brown ones now.
B0056QVSQ8 great shoes! I am a dental hygienist & have been wearing these shoes for a month now.  I really like them.  They are very comfortable &  I get compliments on the way they look, too.  They are sized big so i ended up having to exchange them for a smaller size.  I have always worn running shoes to work in so i looked at these for awhile before ordering.  I am very happy i decided to get these!
B0056QVSQ8 Awesome Shoes!! These shoes are great! I'm an operatiing room nurse and have found Timberland Pro shoes to be the only shoes that get me through a long shift without tired, achey feet. This is my second pair. Dansko's just don't compare!! They feel great from the moment they first go on. You don't have to worry about "breaking them in." They have great support and are just all around comfortable. Plus I get compliments on how nice they are daily.
B0056QW98E Best work shoes ever until the strap broke They look like clown shoes, but they keep my bunion from getting worse. My foot pain has lessened considerably. They are also slip-resistant. Great shoes for serving!UPDATE: I changed my rating from five stars to one. I purchased them Feb 2014 and the elastic part of the strap broke today (May 2014) right at the start of my shift. This is a common problem with this shoe according to the two-star reviews here on Amazon. $90 is too expensive to only get three month's worth of use out of a shoe.
B0056QW98E BEST SHOES ON THE MARKET FOR 12HR DAYS!!! If u are in healthcare like myself, u absolutely MUST HAVE these shoes.  I've tried dansko, birkenstocks, nurse mates, klogs, Cherokee shoes, Alegria, plus a ton others.  None, and I do mean NONE, make a 12 hr shift on your feet constantly easy to get through.  My foot pain, especially in my heels and arches, is gone! I will never purchase any other brand. If you are on the fence, do yourself and order NOW!  I only wish I would have done this years ago.  They also look super cute and have plenty of toe space in the toe box area.  Fast service, great price....best purchase in a very long time on any product from amazon.
B0056QW98E very comfortable shoe size 7 was a bit too large, so I reordered the 6.5 and they are the most comfortable shoes I have owned in a long time. They feel as comfortable as athetic shoes. I have a narrow heel, and clogs never worked for me. I wish I would have had these when I was working in the hospital full time. The color is a bit odd, so I thin of them as my ruby slippers.
B0056QW98E Comfortable the minute I put them on! It isn't very often that I find a pair of shoes that are comfortable right out of the box.  These are the exception.  LOVE them!
B0056QW98E Lost my stride I purchased these shoes after reading the reviews, the cost and the Timberland brand. As a RN I'm on my feet sometimes for 15 - 17hrs. These shoes do not support my feet as well as my Danskos or Alegrias.  They have a wide fit and I've noticed that I can't walk as fast in these shoes.  I'm hoping that if I purchase an inexpensive insert, I'll be able to live with them. I will not purchase another pair of these even at the sale price.  My feet are priceless.
B0056RMY2O Great work-safe comfortable shoes! I bought these shoes because I stand for hours on end at my job and the payless shoes I had just were not cutting it! These shoes are really comfortable and have about an inch of padding. My feet are a strange in between size so that 6.5's are too small but 7's are a smidge big. I bought the 7's though and although they are big the high strap keeps the shoes comfortably on. Perhaps one part of the shoe they didn't showcase was the non slip work-safe bottoms! They entirely replaced my other shoes and are great even standing on grease in a food environment. They're not the most elegant shoes in the book, but I do like them....they're growing on me!
B0056RMY2O Awesome shoes! If ever there were a perfect pair of shoes, this is it.  The comfort is unbelievable!  They are very supportive and the anti-fatigue built into the shoes is a Godsend.  You cannot go wrong buying these!
B0056RMY2O I like them! I bought these shoes in a wide size.  I love them.  After a stress fracture to my Right foot I have trouble fitting into shoes and this is not good for a nurse.  These are comfortable and stylish.  I will buy more from Timberland.
B0056ROT7M Love these shoes I have had these shoes for a year and are the most comfortable steel toe shoes I have ever bought. I wear them even when I am not at work. I have arthritis in my feet and finding shoes is difficult. I am ordering another pair this year.
B0056ROT7M comfortable and not bad looking I needed new safety shoes to wear in the shop, which would still look good in the office, where I spend most of my time. It was hard to find any which didn't stand out as work shoes when wearing professional attire. These aren't the prettiest or most feminine, but they still look good with my dress pants or with jeans. They are comfortable, so much so that I forget I am wearing them and have inadvertently worn them out to lunch or home at the end of the day.
B0056ROT7M Love these shoes! Looking for a 2nd pair in diff color! I wear these shoes to work and from work. At the end of the day I've found myself wearing them running errands, working out in the yard and even walking around the block. Very comfy! Now I need a black pair as brown doesn't go with everything!Typically I wear a sz 6.5, these safety shoes are a sz. 6 and are a perfect fit.
B0058RFVBI Nice shoe These shoes are light and very comfortable.  The placement of the strap keeps the shoes from slipping.  I wear a brace and there is plenty of room for my toes.
B0058RMG4I Love these shoes These shoes are very comfortable and easy on the feet. There are the first healed shoes  I own that I can wear all day and not feel like taking off as soon as I get home.
B0058SDXPI I didn't keep these shoes. I loved the look of these shoes, but they had an uncomfortable seam right by my little toe, on both sides.  Because of this, they were not comfortable.  They may fit someone with narrower feet, but not me.  I hated to send them back, but I knew I couldn't wear them!
B0058SHRNC Great Shoes These shoes look great and feel great.  They are true to size and comfortable to walk in all day long.  They are good on a paved hiking trail and about town.  I wore them with socks on a rainy day.  My feet stayed dry.edit:  I went hiking over Thanksgiving weekend in these shoes.  The terrain was dirt, rocks, and uneven.  As I hiked, my feet had swollen a bit which then, made the shoes uncomfortable to wear as my toes were squished inside the toe box.  I purchased another pair of these shoes in a different color and a half size bigger than the first pair I purchased. The fit is much better.  I'll wear the eights when shopping and the eight and a halfs when doing actual hiking.
B0058SHRO6 Extremely poor quality leathers The quality of the leather was just way below my expectation for Timberland's shoes. The construction of the shoes were just poor. The color was way off as well.
B0058SHRO6 Great Summer shoe If you  have ever tried to find size 5  shoes here in Denmark you will understand my euphoric response to getting these via Amazon. Our shops have children's shoes up to size 4 and woman's shoes start at size 6. One feels you have deformed feet. These shoes were not only the right size but comfortable for work. As a tourist guide I do a lot of walking. Prompty bough an extra pair.
B0058SI8PI Good shoes Got these for my mom, she was looking for a pair of comfortable shoes, good for walking and just for everyday use, These shoes are perfect for that, very comfy and soft inside, Great fo my mothers tired feet. Good quality and nice rusty color, true to size.
B0058SOEG0 Good but... The shoes were comfortable, lightweight, and dried quickly. We went cave tubing and had to walk upstream. The shoes provided adequate traction at best.  They were great during the hike, but the best water shoe, they are not.
B0058SPQIA shoes its hard for me to find shoes to fit my feet are somewhere in between narrow and normal. but these fit really well
B00590LGE0 Comfortable Really great shoes, just a tad bit low (I have a high instep) so it is a bit tight, but do work.
B00590WN4C Pleased with purchase These are great shoes. Very comfortable. I have them in black and brown. I would like them in other colors too because it is fin shoes that are comfortable and look good with a heel that adds height but is sensible
B00590WN4C Great Style and look, a little roomy and some chafing The shoes are great-looking and actually quite comfortable in terms of padding. I just got the shoes this week and I've worn them twice now. The back two side straps tend to bubble out a bit because it's too roomy. Also, the top of the shoe gives a bit of chaffing on the foot which I'm hoping is just a symptom of needing to be broken in.  Otherwise, they are great looking and very comfortable. I have bunions and the shoes hide them and do not exacerbate them.
B00590WNQU Great Shoes Shoes fits just right and are very comfortable, especially given the heel size and the fact that I don't handle heels well. I highly recommend these shoes.
B00591UN48 Almost perfect.  A go-to boot. I have very flat feet; I literally have no arch.  Almost every shoe that I wear hurts after stand or walking more than fifteen minutes. My problem is that I love shoes, and not the matronly comfort shoes that I should be wearing. I like heels, stilettos and pumps.  The exact shoes I should stay away from. I can't tell you how many pairs I've ended up throwing away or donating because none of them conform to my feet.  These boots are one of the few shoes with a heel that don't cause me annoying foot pain.The quality and workmanship for the price is wonderful.  I love the color.  The leather is wonderfully soft and flexible. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is that the toe box is a teeny bit narrow. It doesn't cause me pain but my toes don't have much wiggle room.  You might want to go up a half size on these.  I will probably add some padded inserts to make them cushiony on the inside.
B005A6BPIU Great shoes These are some great shoes. I have feet problems and these do feel well on my feet. Timberland are just great shoes.
B005A8M7L2 excellent boat shoe My husband is very picky about his boat shoes.  He loves these shoes..  Lots of support & lightweight makes them very good all around shoes.
B005A8M7L2 Great shoes Like every Timberland footwear, this shoe is very comfortable and fashion.Perfect For those who dont wannt go with atheltic shoes all the day.Recommended.
B005AD2V3Q Perfect shoes for the Florida Keys! These are my wifes favorite pair of shoes. Great for boating, fishing, or cruising Duval Street in Key West! A great pair of  shoes for everyday wear.A great shoe, a great fit, {like bedroom slippers my wife says} fast shipping, and a really cool color!
B005APTZ4W Awesome shoes The best quality leather is in this shoes. Really fashionable and nice style. I love this shoes, for me is a very good purchase. thanks amazon.
B005APTZ4W very cool shoes very cool shoes, i advise all youth to buy , it makes me feel like i am cow boy looool
B005APTZ4W Nice Shoes Love these shoes. They came within a few days of ordering them and they were the correct size too! I used the ruler method of measuring my feet and it seems to work real nice. For once I won't have to return them. The shoes themselves are very comfortable and slide on and off very easily unlike other boots I've struggled with. The shoes are of excellent quality with leather inside and out. I put  a water resistance suede protective leather spray on them so hopefully they hold up well through the winter months.
B005BWB2QI Loving it! I have been rocking the pair of shoes, I feel really comfortable in them. Really like the brown color, I use a neutral spray polish on the shoes occasionally. Great value for my money!
B005BWB2QI Nice shoes These are nice looking shoes that seem to made well. As with most boat shoes, there is not a lot of heel or sole support. You probably would not want to wear these for a lot of walking, or for standing on your feet all day. Be careful brushing your shoe against hard surfaces, especially the pedals in your car--these do scuff somewhat easily. After wearing a few times, there are some marks that won't come off.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes and nice looking too. Thanks for Amazon fast delivery!! I like those shoes, used them in the past and now felt to order new. Those are great shoes to have, very comfortable at the quality of Timberland.
B005BWB2QI Shoes were larger than I expect and not for the flat-footed There is no support whatsoever in these shoes. I am flat footed and only wear these when I have to. If i where them too long my feet and ankles start to ache. These shoes are not for flat-footed people. If you're not though, these shoes look great and are sturdy.
B005BWB2QI Great! I bought these shoes for my husband and he loves them! Finding comfortable shoes in his size (15) that are affordable is hard to come by. He was so happy to get something that looks nice and is different than sneakers.  The 15's were actually a bit large so I had to send them back for a smaller size.  The return process was amazingly simple and I had his replacement shoes in 2 days! Unbelievable!
B005BWB2QI Nice shoes but beware of the size These are very nice shoes but with two things to be aware of.I wear a size 8 in all my shoes. I ordered 8's and they were an inch to big. I returned them for 7's and these are a good fit. I did not except this from Timberland as I have boots from them that are 8's and fit well.The other thing that is different from my other boat shoes is that the lacing is not connected all the way around the heel. The piece  around the heel is separate and the ends are tucked in, not attached to the actual laces you tie.
B005BWB2QI Boat Shoes I have worn Timberland Boat shoes for a long time. The color is slightly off the photo, so not what I expected.
B005BWB2QI comfortable shoes the first time I ever ordered shoes on line.  Was very pleased that they were a perfect fit.  I have a hard size to find in most stores
B005BWB2QI Great Boat Shoes These are terrific boat shoes. Great for just lounging around for casual occasions. Nicely constructed, detailed attention to style, and comfortable.
B005BWB2QI good shoes Good shoes, I would be an easy and comfortable shoes for everyday use and I already have these shoes, thanks
B005BWB2QI Great shoes I already had a pair of Timberland Boat Shoes so I knew what to expect.  These are a slightly different model that my other pair.  Sizing was the same as what I already had.  They are very comfortable shoes and I'm happy with the purchase..
B005BWB2QI Great shoes! These are awesome shoes! Just as others said, order 1 size smaller than you usually wear.I plan on owning these shoes a long time. Timberland has awesome customer service and will fix or replace any problems you ever have with their shoes!Buy these shoes!
B005BWB2QI Great Shoes! I was reluctant to order shoes on the internet, but these have worked out great.Very comfortable.  I'm totally happy with them.
B005BWB2QI Great boat shoe Very comfortable. Size fit as expected. Was hesitant about wearing these without socks, as most shoes usually end up smelling terrible rather quickly. However, these are quite comfortable and far different from other shoes I've owned. Hope they hold up, but I'll update my review in the future.
B005BWB2QI very good! Bottom of these shoes are very soft.The shoes are very comfortable.Shoe size is correct, very cheap, so worth it.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes, they run a bit large though. I love these shoes, they are very comfortable and stylish. I usually wear an 11.5, however I had to return my original purchase for a 10.5 and now they fit perfectly. If I keep wearing these as much as I have been, I'll need another pair before Thanksgiving!-Dan
B005BWB2QI Just as Expected I received on time and the shoes were exactly what i expected.  They fit perfectly and I've worn them everyday since.
B005BWB2QI Shoes are roomy I usually get size 9 1/2, but I had to go down a size to 9. But I do like the shoes.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes! I bouth this pair of timberlands to replace a pair of Sperry topsiders I had and loved, but had worn out. These shoes look good and feel good. I would recommend them to anyone.
B005BWB2QI Boat Shoes Arrived undamaged and on time. Great looking shoes and comfortable. They just need a little break-in period. Quality is high as I would expect from Timberland.
B005BWB2QI Great quality These shoes are very comfortable and good material at a great price. These shoes will last a long while. I bought the blue ones they look like a blue slate which is nice. can't go wrong with these shoes!
B005BWB2QI This is what was missing. I have loved Timberland  boat shoes for a long time. They were a bit snug but decent.  The wider fit is what I was looking for.  A  better and more comfortable fit. I would gladly recommend these shoes if asked.
B005BWB2QI Very Satisfied Having read reviews, I ordered a half size less than I usually do and the shoes fit very comfortably although still slightly larger than I would have anticipated. The quality is first class especially compared to a pair of Dockers which I purchased previously at 10.00 dollars or so less. The dark brown is darker than I expected but I think they look great. The laces are much longer than needed but that was easily taken care of with a pair of scissors. All considered, and having purchased other brands in the past, you cannot go wrong with Timberland brand boat shoes.
B005BWB2QI Very nice shoes High quality shoes that fit well at a great price. Shoes actually fit a little loose but that has been my experience with boat shoes thus far; they all fit a tad loose. Dress these up or down and they look good, you won't be disappointed with your purchase.
B005BWB2QI great shoes I am rating this transaction 5 star because the item I got is it what I expected,
B005BWB2QI Great Shoes Great fitting pair of shoes, very comfortable also like the color its matches with all my  short pants. Great! shoes
B005BWB2QI Shoes a bit wide for a 9D The shoes are Okay.  The toe is more squared off than depicted, and it runs a bit wider than my other 9D shoes.
B005BWB2QI Wonderful shoes I purchased these for my husband to replace an older pair that he had been wearing for years.  The quality is excellent and they look exactly as the picture shows them.  If you want high quality shoes that look nice and will last a long time, look no further.
B005BWB2QI shoes look nice liked the shoes alot.  fit well.  take about a day to break in.  I wear them to work every day now
B005BWB2QI Excellent! These shoes are very comfortable and easy to put on.  Although, I would recommend purchasing the water proofing product so they don't turn to a dark brown.  These shoes are very nice!  I will definitely be considering buying a second pair...
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Boat Shoes I am very pleased with my choice. These shoes are very neat looking, the sizes allow many widths for a very comfortable fit.The price is very comparable to local store pricing/ I would recommend this shoe.
B005BWB2QI no socks needed for more than 25 years I have been buying and wearing Timberland shoes, I have never been disappointed.These shoes are comfortable enough to wear without socks upon arrival no breaking them in.When I 1st started wearing Timberland shoes they were made in New Hampshire, then they moved thier manufacturing to China and I was a bit leery , but they have maintained thier standards and the shoes continue to be great. I hope to be buying and wearing them for another 25 + years.
B005BWB2QI Timberland shoes These shoes are great. I read the reviews before ordering and ordered a half size under what I normally wear and they are perfect. Timberlands run a little big, so keep it in mind when ordering.There was a little confusion with the shipping, though. These shipped with Fed Ex, but were delivered to the local post office. After a week, I had to go to the post office in order to get them. Don't really know why Fed Ex didn't deliver to the address on the package. Anyway, I got the shoes and they're great.
B005BWB2QI Not a good shoe. Where to start....  First off I have been wearing Timberland boat shoes for years and this is my 4th pair.These are NOT the same quality as all of the others I have had in the past.  The lacing around the back and sides is now fake and only there for decoration.  Since they changed the lacing I guess they had to redo the back of the shoe to hold your foot in it.  The back digs in and is real painful the first 3 weeks I have had them.  The shoes are not as wide as they use to be. and these are the extra wide shoes I am wearing.  The stitching on the sides is now only for decoration where in the past there were many panels of leather, now only one that is stitched to look like the old shoes.  Timberland has lost a loyal customer since I will not be buying these again.
B005BWB2QI Love these shoes. Ver comfortable. Good Fit. I have always liked Boat shoes and I think these are my favorite pair ever. I would buy these again.
B005BWB2QI it is very nice and it is a best shoes. if you come from China,i suggest you had better choose the width size.it is very soft of the shoes sole.by other way, it is a autumn shoes.
B005BWB2QI Excellent Quality Shoes! I ordered these shoes for my son, and happily they were an exact fit! Very nice quality shoe in hard to find size 14 W. The price was right too, so I may go ahead and order another pair in a different color.
B005BWB2QI Four Stars compare with other shoes, this shoes is lager than others.
B005BWB2QI Nice Casual Shoes Can't go wrong with Timberland shoes, good looking, comfortable, good fit, for casual shoes.  Had a pair before, replacing the old pair.
B005BWB2QI Slightly large, but ever-so-comfortable I originally ordered these in a size 14, which is what most of my shoes fit at, but I returned them for a pair of size 13 shoes which fit much more closely to what I am used to.  The shoes are comfortable and made with fine materials, and they are quite handsome for the price.  I was exceptionally pleased with this purchase, considering I dread the process of buying shoes for my freakishly large feet.  I wish the sizing had been closer to norms, but considering how simple the return process is with Amazon, it was hardly an issue at all.
B005BWB2QI Fantastic These shoes fit perfectly and are one of the most comfortable shoes I own. I highly recommend these shoes to everyone.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Kiawah Bay Boat However the Timberland shoes is good looking and durable one still there are two problems I notices with the shoe: The first when waring the shoes the inside wall leather has red dye from the heal area all the way to toes, everytime when taking the shoes off I found out my white socks are covered with the remaining of the red dye from inside the shoes. I understand it will go away in two month or so. I think the manufature did not treat the inside leather from the dye enough. The second issue, the sole is somehow you feel is light or different and I have to say since most of the products moved to China I noticed in the last twenty years the quality are not the same like when it was manufactured in USA there is a difference no doubt about it!!. Some people they noticed and some not. At any rate it is a nice shoes and confort.Thank you for taking the time to read my comments.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoes These boat shoes were purchased for my son. This particular style and color of shoe was his very first choice.
B005BWB2QI As expected These shoes fits as expected. They are really nice shoes,  a very good quality and a great brand. Would recommend without hesitation
B005BWB2QI Great shoes! This shoes are very confortable with  a good quality. The size was just perfect and it has a fair price.
B005BWB2QI Well made shoe! I have been a fan of Sperry boat shoes for a couple decades now, but my last pair wore out quickly.  They leather and soles have gotten thinner and the laces too.  The quality just isn't there any longer.In steps Timberland!These are well made and comfortable!  Perfect for the business casual office.  They look great with Dockers or Jeans.  Feel well constructed and the leather top and sides are nice and thick.  They kept that new leather smell for almost a month.Timberland has now surpassed Sperry in quality and design of boat shoes.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Nice looking shoes at a reasonable price.  I've had Timberland shoes before, and their sizes are consistent.  Nice quality and they did not take too long to break in.  They give a little more support for one's arches than most boat shoes.
B005BWB2QI nice I got the shoes on time, I have no problem about the purchase,I recommend the shoes to everyone,they are really cool.
B005BWB2QI Great, as expected. I've worn Timberlands for a long time and deck shoes for a long time but never Timberland deck shoes. I don't know why - these are the best deck shoes I've ever had. They stick to the deck and the non marking soles are really non-marking. The inner pad is removable/replaceable/washable for when the shtank gets too bad. Exactly what I expect from Timberland shoes and what I need in a deck shoe. We'll see what they look like after a couple of seasons of my beating the snot out of them on the boat, but I'd be surprised if they don't hold up as well as all my other Timberland shoes. And when they fall apart, I'll order another pair.I usually wear a 11.5 EE and this fit as expected.
B005BWB2QI Good Fits well and a very nice pair of shoe. I have bought a total of 5 Timberland shoes for my dad and sis. They love it too. Friends were asking me about the shoes too.
B005BWB2QI Great casual shoe! These shoes were comfortable, fit great and looked good right out of the box.  No breaking in needed. The quality appears to very good and i'll buy them again.  I would recommend these casual shoes for wear with Jeans, shorts or casual slacks.
B005BWB2QI Decent Bargain Time will tell if these last.  Mine were made in China, and like most things these days, quality has taken a back seat to pricing. Having said that, I think these are nice shoes for the money; the leather is soft, seems durable and looks good.  The stitching is where I have questions, which you can see if you take the insert out, but the insert covers it up.  It's not a question of whether the stitching will hold, but careless workmanship in tying off loose ends, leaving extra threads dangling, extra glue, etc.  So my opinion isn't that these are low quality, but that they aren't high quality either.  Overall, they are worth what you pay for; you aren't getting ripped off, they are decent shoes for the money.What I don't get is what these shoes are trying to accomplish, support-wise.  Boat shoes typically have little or no arch support whatsoever,  These seem to attempt support, but the support seems odd and slightly uncomfortable to me.  I expect this issue to resolve once these shoes are broken in.  It has been decades since I have broken in a pair of boat shoes, though, so what do I know.I didn't find the size to be significantly larger than expected.  I've owned other Timberland shoes and these seem similar in size. I don't know what shoes people buy that they found these Timberlands to be too large.  But I buy shoes more to fit my 5E width, so my experience is atypical.  These shoes are better than most if you are trying to find a wide boat shoe.  Perhaps if you have narrow feet than there might be an issue.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes I have been looking for a good pair of boat shoes for a while. When I found these the price is really what caught me. I wasn't really skeptical either because of the brand.When I read reviews I was a little worried about the sizing, however they fit perfectly using my dress shoe size (I like my tennis shoes a little bigger). They are very good quality and are very comfortable and light. My only complaint is that there is too much snow outside for me to wear them more often!
B005BWB2QI Great item! Shoes durable and of high quality. I always buy Timberland shoes because they last longer. I really like their styles.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Shoes. I have using this shoes for 5 years, also I replaced Bass, this kind of shoes are comfortable and made with fine materials leather. Final comment, If you are size 11.5 better to order 10M.
B005BWB2QI most comfortable shoes in a long time great fit right out of the box bought them to wear at airport since they slip on ended up wearing them to wedding(good shoes ) disappeared out of luggage at airport.  again these are great fit is right on great looks can't say enough good things about the shoes.
B005BWB2QI Great shoes I received them as a present and they haven't done me wrong yet! Now I just need to get out on my boat this summer!
B005BWB2QI The best shoes! The best shoes! It is a pity that the insole is not leather. But I like them! I am not sorry I bought!
B005BWB2QI Nice looking and comfortable I bought these in dark brown at a local discount shoe store (and then discovered that they were available for less on Amazon) and am very happy with them. I have read reviews saying that the fit is loose--well, yeah, these are boat shoes. They don't have the same snug fit as dress shoes. Nor would you want them to, especially because your feet expand outside in the warm weather. But loose doesn't mean "sloppy"--I'm not in any danger of my feet popping out. They run true to size.The dark brown looks much better in person than in the picture. Quality leather, really nice brown color, and nice solid rubber sole. These look good enough for me to wear to the office when I dress in business casual.Keep in mind that there will be a lace to tie, just like any other shoes with laces. Most of the pictures show laces, but not the bow you have to tie.Note: There are boat shoes with laces that don't have to be tied, but this is not one of them.Bottom line: Timberland makes quality products and these boat shoes are one of them.
B005BWB2QI Sharp Looking Shoes This is the first pair of boat shoes I've owned in a long time.  The leather is very supple and the shoes fit perfectly. Even the sole is soft.  My only concern is that the uppers seem to be glued onto the sole rather than stitched.
B005BWB2QI Boatshoes shoes were bigger than other 7W's and were sloppy on my feet; however, inner soles fixed that.  Otherwise I like the shoes very much (style, looks, comfort).
B005BWB2QI Good shoes! Owned many pairs over the years and really like the way they fit and how long they last.  Great shoes.
B005BWB2QI Great Pair Of Shoes I take size 14M shoes, which are almost impossible to find in stores, as they usually only have a very limited supply in up to size 12 or 13. The 14M was no problem on Amazon. This is my second pair of these Timberland Kiawah Bay shoes. I bought another color of the same style, a month before on Amazon. These shoes look and fit great!
B005BWB2QI Timberland deck shoes Very nice shoes.fit good ,leather tie is long and very goog leather. The sole base good traction,deck shoes need good grip.the color is great,very even.insole is full length of shoe and comfortable.really like this timberland.
B005BWB2QI Comfort and stylish I am familiar with the Timberline line of shoes.  The shoes and comfortable.  The color and style are exactly as ordered
B005BWB2QI Timberland Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat shoe The shoes feel true to size. They are of good quality for "boat" shoes.If there is a "down" issue with the shoes, it is that they are not as cushioned as well as I would have liked.
B005BWB2QI Good Sturdy Shoe The husband said it was time for new boat shoes (we have NO boat).  He has a wide foot, so online is where I buy most of his shoes.  After reviewing many boat shoes in this price range, I found these shoes had the best reviews for the money. I agree.These shoes are handsome and well-made.  They are sturdy enough for a big guy with many knee issues. So far, the husband loves them.  They seemed a little loose at first, but after tightening the upper laces, they fit well, no inserts required. Also, there is no rubbing at the ankle, which sometimes happens with shoes.
B005BWB2QI They are  comfortable shoes. They are  comfortable shoes,my husband like them,the color is good too.we all be satisfied with the shoes.And the price is ok~
B005ERZ6MQ Amazing pair of shoes This is my first time to use Timberland , really it is amazing shoes  , very comfortable , anti fatigue looks great with jeans and other type of clothes, it is highly recommended.
B005ERZ6MQ Comfort It fits well, but the sole of the shoes is hard. I do not like to return stuff, but would jot recommend the same shoes
B005ERZ6MQ Nice stye for dress and casual I like the looks of these shoes. I wear them with a sports coat and jeans as well. Seem to be holding up well. Always worried about buying shoes before trying on, but the price was reasonable so I took a chance. They fit good. Only complaint is that the show laces were too long. Had to buy another pair. That is the reason for the 4, not 5 stars.
B005ERZ6MQ First time ordering shoes online I am very pleased by the fit of the shoe, and it looks great.  The shoes are about the most comfortable I've ever worn out-of-the-box.  The gel padding in the sole is great.  The comments I was reading about this product said that they fit well and were comfortable.  Since I've only had them about a month or so, I can't really comment on how well they will last.
B005ERZ6MQ Look good but poor fit These shoes look very nice.The problem is that they are too long.  I normally wear 9, but I bought 8.5 because of this.  Even 8.5 seemed to have a lot of room but size 8 were too tight.  So with 8.5 I could tie the shoes tighter and that seemed to keep the shoes from slipping at the heel.  After a couple days of wearing, I started to feel nerve pain on top of one foot.  I returned the shoes to the store where I bought them.  I think the designer made a mistake to make just one dimension longer.
B005ERZ6MQ Attractive shoes and easy on your feet. I have had problems with my feet for years so I have to carefully select my shoes. I had tried these on in a department store and loved the fit. I bought them on Amazon and saved $23 on the purchase, received the shoes within a few days. The are comfortable and easy on my feet which is a big plus for me. The fit was normal for the size, I usually have to try shoes in different sizes and the size I buy changes according to the shoe. These fit with my normal shoe size and I can wear them all day.
B005ERZ6MQ Beautiful and comfortable Often the shoes that arrive at my door are less inspiring than the ones I saw in the photos online, but not in this case. (And I feel they look even better on.) Nor were they uncomfortable.  Actually these oxfords met or exceeded expectations on all counts.  They're very attractive and due to the substantial inserts, very comfortable.  In fact, the insole is the best I have ever seen come with a shoe and looks more like the aftermarket insoles you would pay good money for. The bottom sole seems grippy and supportive, and I think I could walk hard floors for quite some time without feeling foot fatigue. I would wear these shoes out on a date, to work in an office, or to any event that required casual-dress, or dress shoes. Great job, Timberland!
B005ERZ6MQ LOVE THESE SHOES I have always liked the timberland shoes. They are a great fit and look nice with shorts and a collar shirt. This is my third pair of shoes. You can't go wrong with these shoes. Shipping was fast and hassle free.
B005ERZ6MQ Classy and casual...oh, and comfortable as well! Timberland has never done me wrong! These shoes have been put to the test by an active teacher who is on his feet ALL day! These shoes do look great with jeans, khakis, or a suit...I'm not too flashy, so I don't like anything too shiny, buckles, too pointy...and my wife says that the slip on shoes aren't cool anymore.
B005ERZ6MQ Its a shoe for work...and it does exactly that FYI: For the super observant, I'm a male that's used my wife's amazon account for the Amazon Prime benefits.I had another pair of shoes that were falling apart pretty horribly. It was long past time I got another pair of shoes. I was hesitant to do it only because even though I know I wear a size 13, there's always some paranoid fear that the shoes won't fit. Given Amazon's free return policy on this item, I gave it a go.The shoes fit great and to size. They broke in fairly well after three or four days (I'm a programmer so I don't do a super amount of walking, but I do enough). They look professional enough to me; I'd wear them to an interview or any other formal occasion that called for it....but, then again, I'm a guy, so take that as you will. There's been a lot of rain lately and I haven't slipped, despite my bad coordination. I've walked through a puddle of water an inch or so deep and absolutely no water penetrated the shoe. I'm on about my second week of wearing these and can see absolutely no sign of scoffing or scratches.All said, for the price of $71, these are pretty good shoes and I hope for them to last a while.
B005ERZ6MQ Good shoes as casual wear Nice pair of brown casual shoes...Rather stiff when 1st worn but once the leather gets toned...it feels cosyI chose a size larger 9 instead of 8.5 hoping that with socks it will fit nicely...and it didFinish quality is expected of TimberlandGreat 4/5
B005ERZ6MQ comfortable shoes I was a little worried about ordering shoes online and getting them and not fitting. The shoes fit perfect and I didn't have to go to 2 - 3 different stores to find what I wanted.
B005ERZ6MQ Terrific shoes! Owned these for many years now and they have kept their comfort and style! Best shoes I've owned, thanks Timberland!!
B005ERZ6MQ Very nice and comfortable shoes I like this shoes! Size it's perfect and they are very comfotable.  Seems good as casual and formal shoes.  I recommended 100%
B005ERZ6MQ Great Fit! Very Comfortable! My 17 yr old son has a hard time finding shoes that fit right.  We say he has Hobbit feet with little to no arch.  The Timberland Earthkeepers are the most comfortable shoes we have found.  And we have looked a LOT over the years and spent far too much money on other shoes that say they're great shoes, and aren't.Timberland Earthkeepers are not only comfortable, but are quite good-looking on the feet as well.These are also very durable shoes!  My older brother, who is a retired professional mountaineering/climbing instructor, saw them on my son and bought a pair and now he swears by them too.  After the damage he's done on his knees and feet over the many years of climbing, it's good to have a good pair of shoes that fits well and lasts!
B005ERZ6MQ shoes I would buy them again. The shoe looks exactly like my Footjoy golf shoes, with the bicycicle toe.Very comfortable .. I may buy the brown ones too.
B005ERZ6MQ Good Casual Shoes Good quality and pretty comfortable considering they're Timberlands. They come with an orange insole using their "Anti-fatigue" technology which absorbs impact. Solid casual shoes that look great with jeans.
B005ERZ6MQ Great Shoes These shoes are what I hoped they where.  My feet are not the best and I am hard on shoes.  These shoes feel great on my feet.  Some times I forget they are on.  Looking to buy another pair.
B005ERZ6MQ Cheche Good shoes but are a little large .....  Using this shoes everyday them will be even more larger ..... Quality is ok
B005FHWT5C Good sturdy shoes I was looking for a pair of shoes for my 2yo toddler who also wears Sure Steps orthotics.  I needed lace-up sandals for the summer.  Most of what I was able to find are velcro fasteners which won't work since my toddler would peel them off and take her shoes off.  These Timberlands are good solid shoes, albeit a little heavy.  I bought a size 5 for her really tiny feet.  With the orthotics, they are still quite large and do come off periodically even with tightened laces.  Overall, I am happy with them.
B005FHWT5C Sturdy Looking Shoes - One Con It's difficult to rates these shoes because should I rate it based on the 1st pair I received or the 2nd pair?The 1st pair I received was defective.  I ordered a size 9T.  When it arrived, I had my daughter try it on and it fit fine, except the middle part in one of the shoes was a bit short.  I kept pulling thinking that maybe it was stuck, but then measured it and it was 1/2" shorter than the other shoe.  Upon closer inspection, I noticed that the shoe had a size 6T label but if you put the shoes next to each other, the length of the shoes was exactly the same.  What probably happened was someone sewed a size 6 onto a size 9 footbed.  But since I liked the shoes, I returned the shoes and ordered a replacement pair.The 2nd pair was fine.  My daughter really likes the shoes.  They are sturdy and comfortable.  My only complaint is that if you have to pull the ties a lot to tighten the shoes (my daughter has narrow feet), then you will have a lot of excess cord that just hangs out in front.  (Note:  the excess cord sticks out in the front and will not fall to the side, so there is no danger that your son/daughter will trip on them; it is just not very attractive).  My son had a pair of shoes similar to these made by another company which had a velcro in the front to secure the excess cord after tightening.  These shoes do not.  I am keeping these shoes because they are cute, sturdy and comfortable.  I will have to figure something out for the excess cord so that it is not too unsightly.
B005FI1VE6 Good shoes These shoes fit as expected and my daughter loves them. She can run and play in them and they look cool.
B005FI1VE6 rugged little shoes I bought these for my daughter, from the look of them, they will hold up through a few more kids after she grows out of them. Fit was as expected
B005FI1VE6 Well built shoes We have had these shoes before and they hold up very well. We will purchase more when they outgrow these again.
B005FI1VE6 She loves her new shoes My daughter runs, walks and plays in these shoes, so they must be pretty comfortable!
B005FI1VE6 Good shoes for boys who like water These shoes fit my 21 month old son very well - his feet are a little on the wider side - and seem comfortable, as he isn't always trying to get them off, like other shoes.  We live in Florida, so an open sandal is a good choice of footwear, especially one like this that can get wet, since he loves water.  The anti-microbial footbed helps with the odor, but after owning and wearing these shoes for a couple of months, the foot odor seems to be winning the battle. :-)
B005FI1VE6 Awesome shoes I bought these shoes for my 4 year old niece.  She loves them so much because she can put them on herself!  Definitely would recommend them...she loves them, plays outside and even in the water with them.
B005FI1VE6 Good for everyday use My boy wears this to nursery everyday now after losing his crocs shoes to the escalator. When I read reports about children's crocs shoes got sucked in by the escalator, it seemed so unbelievable until it happened to my boy.Thankfully the crocs shoes were the type with strap behind hence the strap broke when the escalator sucked the whole shoes in and thus my boy toes were not injured at all. We could not find the whole shoes and could only retrieve the strap.Hopefully Timberland won't have this issue...
B005FI1VE6 Perfect Fit The shoes ordered provide my granddaughter growing room for the Summer. The shoes fit like gloves and are very comfortable. In addition, the order was delivered sooner than expected.
B005FI1VE6 Love these! These shoes are perfect for my 15 month old. They're easy for me to get on & off, but I don't have any trouble with them slipping off when my son is walking. I like that you can make them as loose or tight as needed. They are also lightweight, so I don't feel like he's carrying around a ton of weight like some other shoes do. Overall, I highly recommend these shoes. We love them!
B005FI1VE6 Love these Sandals!!! I purchased these shoes for the upcoming summer. I purchase shoes similar to these every year for summer but I usually have a hard time finding 2 sets because I have twins. I showed the girls the shows when they arrived and they loved the color! I loved the material they were made of. They seem tough enough to handle the playground but gentle enough to cradle their feet not to mention the great price. I normally spend twice as much for shoes like this for other brands.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My daughter loves these shoes! They were ask described. Durable and cute! They are great shoes and my two an half year old can put them on herself
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes! These shoes are just what I was looking for. They look good, are durable, and seem comfortable for my son. Also, they were very reasonably priced. Will definitely be buying another pair.
B005FI1VE6 These are great shoes! Very well made, these shoes are holding up so well.  My daughter loves them and I think they were worth the price.
B005FI1VE6 Great summer shoes!! Love these shoes for my 2-year old.  Very easy to get on and off - and super durable.These will be our go-to shoes for the summer!
B005FI1VE6 Toddler Shoes My son loves these shoes!  They stay on great and look really cute!  They will be good for dressy summer shoes but also sturdy enough to play everyday!
B005FI1VE6 Happy so far I bought these shoes because my kid destroys shoes. I decided to get something that looked a little higher quality. It fits well and has been holding up well for 1 month so far. The color is cute. The company also appears really green, using recycled materials for its boxes. I'm pleased so far and if the shoe continues to hold up, I could see myself re-ordering these shoes in larger sizes as my kids grow.
B005FI1VE6 Love these! I have been buying these Sandals for my son since he was about 2 years old. Whenever I see them at a good price, I snatch them up. This time I bought two, one in each of the next sizes he will grow into. They are just really sturdy shoes. He wears them everywhere during the summer months. They get wet. They get muddy. They get dirty. I just throw them in the washing  maching and let them air dry and they look like new. He also has really wide feet, so shoes with adjustable straps are a must. My only complaint is that I find the opening at the top of the shoe a little too deep. I think it looks a little feminine. I would have preferred just a straight line at the top instead of the curve backward. It just exposes too much toe. Minor complaint though. We love these shoes.
B005FM5Q3O Watershoes and summer shoes for toddlers I bought these shoes for my 2+ yrs old son. So he can wear them to school and enjoy waterplay. Also to take him to the pool. Play around the pool, splash in the water and play at the playground without putting on, taking of. These shoes are perfect for that. The good thing about these shoes is the 3 strap adjustable. It fits both small and wide feeth. The shoes are well and nice made. He will enjoy them the whole summer as ling as they fit! A good buy!
B005FM5Q3O Love these shoes! I bought these for my 14 month old. She loves them. They stay on  unlike many of her other shoes. She seems comfortable wearing them and is steady on her feet.
B005FM5Q3O great shoes for toddler The first day we received this shoes we went to the forest and my son jumped into the river. I was afraid the sand and the water would have damaged the shoes but I just rinse it and the day after it was perfectly fine !
B005FM5Q3O The only shoes you need during summer for an active boy! I bought these shoes for my 20 month year old boy. For the past 4 month he has been wearing them almost every day as he loves them and finds them very comfortable.He is extremely active so I was looking for the following things when choosing shoes for him: (1) toes covered (2) comfort and good ankle support (3) light weight and cool - summer design (4) wide fitting and high arch.As these shoes ticked all my boxes and were successfully tested by my kid I'm buying a second pair for the next summer!
B005FM5Q3O These shoes are great My 2 year old loves these shoes. We got them in brown so he could wear them with every thing. He's wore them about 10 times and so far they are perfect.
B005FM5Q3O Great summer shoes I bought these shoes for my 5 year old twins - they are fantastic shoes for young feet. The soles are flexible so that the boys can easily run in them - unlike some sandals that are designed as if planks of wood have been attached to the sole! They have 3 points of adjustment, and with the velcro are easy for the boys to put on and take off  saving me time when we are trying to get out of the house quickly! I would highly recommend these for toddlers above a size 9 - under that I wonder if the straps would be a bit too chunky on the smaller size feet.
B005FM5Q3O Great river shoes, and good for every day use We were looking for some all around sandals that could also double as sturdy, safe river shoes.These more than fit the bill and our boy just loves them!We will be buying another pair when he outgrows this pair
B005FM5Q3O not for girls They may be comfortable but this pair of shoes looks as if it is a boy design. Not elegant. My daughter did not like it at all.
B005FM5Q3O Great Shoes! I love these shoes for my little guy. We just purchased our second pair for him because we loved the others so much last summer. He has a chunky little foot and since there's 3 straps that can be loosened/tightened, they go on super easy and easily adjust to his growing foot. Another selling point, they don't stink after their little sweaty feet have been in them all day!
B005FM5Q3O Love it!!! I ordered 2 pair of summer shoes but this one is really the best! Very comfortable, washable and cozy. Will buy something like this next summer.
B005FM5Q3O Good summer shoes These are great shoes, they protect my son's toes and stays on his foot. Good colors that match a lot of his clothes.
B005FM5Q3O OK My daughter loves these shoes but they have started to smell!  I did not expect that to happen with shoes in this price category.
B005FM5Q3O One summer later I think my daughter is simply horrible with shoes and no shoes ever survive the season. However, these are awesome. I am not joking. Since they are pink the toe looks a bit greish, but otherwise every part of this shoes performs as well as it did when we first bought it. Maybe for next summer I would get it in darker color, since my son's dark blue ones look absolutely awesome. This technically was the only pair of shoes they wore for the whole summer, so they did stand up to all kind of abuse very well.
B005FMBDD6 I like them I really like the shoes. The Shoes are wider than normal medium sizes shoe. over all I really really like the shoes.
B005FN1JU2 Top Quality Product These shoes are wonderful.  High quality treads that give my daughter the stability that she needs.  But unlike other terrain shoes they are flexible and rather soft.  She is 3 and they are comfortable and flexible enough for her to put on by herself.
B005GT0ROO Good not great hoofs Arrived in a timely fashion well boxed.  I have 4 pair of timberland shoes.  Obviously, I like timberland shoes.  These are the most inexpensive but the quality is more than satisfactory.  I bought them as indoor shoes (home and RV).  They are well-suited for the indoors but I would hesitate to subject them to weather and the out of doors.  So they are perfect for my application with an occasional trip to the mailbox.  Love the bluish color they are quite attractive and comfortable.  I would recommend them to a friend for the same purpose as I use them for.
B005GY8RYQ Stand out in the crowd! These are excellent "dress" shoes for those of trying to color coordinate and accessorize. I don't always know if they are joking or not (like I care!) but I get a lot of "I like those shoes" comments
B005GY98C6 Great shoes ! These shoes fit well wear comfortably and look greatI hope they last well too. I will be buying more of them.
B005GY98C6 Great shoes! As always Timberland's has the best shoes and they hold up!  This is the 4th pair of Timberland's I have purchased for my husband and he loves them.  They are comfortable and they last.  He wears his shoes hard and they stand up to him.
B005GY98C6 Very confortable and ligth I wasn't sure - to buy or not to but this shoes. And I did. I have read about their ligth-weight. And it is! They are lighter than my walking sport shoes! Very useful for Russia with our rainy weather.Nice, ligth-weight good-looking shoes. Don't doubt to buy it.
B005GY98C6 One week after buying the shoe began to tear off Hi peopleDo not purchase this shoes one week after receiving this shoe they look so bad  I had to buy a new pair. The  front of the shoes just fell down and the  sole was separated  I had to buy a new pairI was expecting from a company like timberland to sell me a proper shoes but was greatly disappointYariv
B005GY99A2 very comfortable I have wide feet and these Timberland chuks are the most comfortable shoes I have purchased in some time. Great quality as expected, nice looking, and a fit that makes you feel as though you're not even wearing any shoes...
B005GY99A2 I like them so much Perfect shoes, really comfortable!! I was afraid to buy them because I did it online, but the shoes are really great that I enjoy them every day. Earth keepers!!
B005GY99AM Comfortable Shoes These are great looking shoes. Comfortable, and once broken in very comfortable. I walk a lot and these shoes are great.I like the water-proofing and the "green" aspects as well.
B005GYJW4A Very good my shoes I loved my shoes are beautiful to the color and especially good price, what more could you ask formany ThanksBest Regards
B005GYK88E Very comfortable shoes Very comfortable, fit as expected, insole comes out too easy, usually slips out with my foot but other than that, great shoes.
B005GYKZTG TImberland seconds The shoes where a waist of my time. These are not first quality, maybe some type of knock off. The shoe was 10 insole was for 11. shoes wher in rough shape for new? not so sure about this product???????????????????????????????
B005GYL2JI great casual shoes Very comfortable shoes that can be worn almost anywhere.No socks, easy to step into and kick off.I'm buying more in case they discontinue.
B005GYQBGC Great shoe I bought these as a present for my boyfriend. He has received so many complements on the shoes! They go great with jeans, cords, or khakis. They are made well, very solid shoes.In addition, not only was the Amazon price great but also the timeliness of delivery.
B005I6RZXG Good for low-impact Shoes are 'chunky', but cute!  Feel very nice on- with a thicker, athletic-type sock.  Only 3 stars because the 'black' shoes are actually brown leather stained or coated in black.  I work in a restaurant- and am always bumping my toes. Under the bar, under counters, kicking the line cooks' butts!! (jk-LOL!!!)  I thought I had dropped something on my shoes- they looked reddish or brown.  On closer inspection, the shoe 'coating' had come off after about 2 weeks of daily wear.  I have to buy shoe polish, no biggie, but for what I paid, having to repair my shoes was not anything I had expected...
B005I6RZXG Great show for any nurses out there looking for comfort This is my 3rd pair of these shoes and I just keep coming back.  I have been fighting to get shoes that are comfortable and these are it.  Sizes run true and wear is incredibly long.
B005I6RZXG Great shoes I love Timberland shoes and this is my third pair. It helps to know your size when you buy. The shoes stretch so keep that in mind. I love the design on the shoes. They look just black unless the light hits them just right. They are comfortable and have the anti-fatigue soles.
B005I6RZXG Most comfortable shoes! Most confortable shoes I've ever bought!!  I highly recommend these shoes if you walk a lot at work or in general. :)
B005I6RZXG Lasted over a year and counting I bought these because I substitute teach and spend most of my time on my feet.  Regular slip-on shoes didn't have a look that I liked or the comfort that I needed to keep up with elementary school kids and sneakers look unprofessional.  These shoes are amazing.  I usually wear between a 9.5-10 and purchased the 10.  They are a big 10, so probably more true-to-size than most shoes I've purchased in the past.  I sub 3-5 days a week and these have lasted me for over a year now.The cons?  I can't fly in these shoes.  I've tried, they just don't launch me into the air like I would like.  I've also tried clicking my heels together three times on particularly rough days, but found myself still in a classroom with crazy children driving me up a wall.  I also can't run very fast, but that might just be me and not the shoes.Overall, these shoes are a great buy but won't give you super powers.  I guess I should take a star off for that, but then I would have to change all my reviews as none of the products I've bought have given me super powers.  Yet.
B005I6RZXG Amazing Shoes!! This shoe is amazing!!!  I work in a retirement community kitchen and these shoes really do help my feet and legs against fatigue.
B005I6RZXG surpisingly comfortable I was skeptical that shoes without laces would be really comfortable, but I was totally wrong.  The heel slides a bit on each step, but the rest of the shoe is so stable that this isn't a problem.  The first day I wore them the carpet felt strangely hard when I took them off.  These will be my 'go to' shoes for days when I know I will be walking or standing a lot.
B005I6RZXG Timberland shoes These shoes are the most comfortable RN shoes I have owned in my seven years as a nurse! I tell all my friends about them!
B005I6RZXG Shoes sqeek I have been wearing these shoes to work for several weeks all of sudden they sqeeek in the heels, very annoying.
B005I6RZXG Delighted with new shoes Item arrived on date promised and shoes looked more attractive than expected. They fit like a glove with no discomfort which I have experienced with all other new shoes. I have back problems so these sturdy shoes will provide me with much needed support.I would highly recommend them.
B005I6RZXG The most comfortable shoes I've ever worn They are only a week old, however, no break-in period whatsoever.  These Timberland shoes are made well and very pretty.  I am on my feet all day and have not had an ache or pain since wearing them.  Am going to buy another pair in black.
B005I6RZXG Great Shoes. I am a  nurse who is on my feet for over 8 hours a day. I must say that these shoes were made for me. Unlike dansko shoes which feels like I'm walking on rock, these shoes does the opposite. There very comfortable I even wear them on regular days when I am not at work. I have to order another pair.
B005I6RZXG Timberland PRO shoes This is my second pair of Timberland PRO shoes and I love them!  I'm a nurse and am on my feet all day.  The only problem that I have with my shoes is I ordered dark brown which was also on the description and when the shoes arrived they were black.  The black looks ok but I would have preferred the brown.  I notice that the item I'm reviewing says black but my order said brown also.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable but make too much noise I ordered these shoes to have something comfortable to wear to work.  I would wear them much more if they did not squeak so much when I walk.
B005I6RZXG great shoes these shoes are great. the fit well the first time you wear them. They are so comfortable. I would buy another pair
B005I6RZXG Best shoe I've ever worn I have a very difficult time buying shoes. I have size 11 feet (womens) with an e width. Not an easy chore buying shoes that fit, let alone that are comfortable. My work requires me to have slip resistant shoes, in black. I have been a rebel for years wearing New Balance sneakers because quite frankly, thye're comfortable and fit. As a baker, I am on my feet for 10 hours plus at a time. My lower back has been suffering for years.On a whim I decided to partonize a local shoe store to look at kitchen shoes. I happened upon Timberland professional shoes. They had my size, not the extra wide, but I tried anyway. They fit with room to spare. Six weeks later my feet don't hurt at the end of a long day. After a few days I realized my back did not hurt at all. As they are not vinyl, but leather, my feet stay nice and warm, too. Jump at the chance to get these shoes. They are simply the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable Than Most I've been wearing the shoes a couple of weeks now.  They are comfortable shoes but not the absolute MOST comfortable I have ever worn. My feet do not wear out like they do in trainers.  They do squeak a little depending on what type of surface you walk on but for the most part my shoes do not make noise.  I like the detail on the shoe and the fact that they are real leather.  The clogs look nice and casual in jeans, not like hospital shoes.  Overall a decent buy.
B005I6RZXG They're Very Comfortable I work as a cashier and these shoes are comfortable and easy on my feet. My toes are not rubbing or pinched, my arches are supported... I love the shoes. I didn't know if I should get an 8 or 7.5 because in some shoes, a 7.5 might be just a little too short, but not this time. The 7.5 is just right. I didn't even have to break them in.
B005I6RZXG Very comfortable shoes Bought these shoes for my daughter that works on hard floors. She has reported back to be that these so far have been very comfortable. Just started wearing them and trying to get broke in.
B005I6RZXG Love these shoes! I have two pairs of these shoes. I have problems with my feet, but I can wear these for 12 hour shifts as a nurse and have no pain. I have tried Danskos, but these are so much more comfortable. As long as they keep making them, I'll keep buying them!
B005I6RZXG Appear well built but watch the fit.. I most often wear a 10.5 but based on some reviews i ordered a 10 M. The heel is loose when i walk with thin socks...i did not expect this at all.  My 2nd and 3rd toe are longer than my big toe; due to the angled toe box those toes seem to touch the end at times. Also, note that these shoes have some weight to them and are a bit bulky.  I was wanting shoes that were easy for an all day fit, but for me these are not the shoes.  With some problems with plantar faciaitis i felt the shoes were excellent in the arch, and they do appear well made. The delivery process was excellent. 3 stars because of the issues listed and i will have to send back. There is a card in the box from Timberland with a &#34;30-day guarantee for the most comfortable footwear you'll wear on the job.&#34;
B005I6RZXG awesome shoes!! I ordered the wrong size.  This is my fourth pair of these shoes.  They use to run  a half size big.  However,  now they seem to run true to  size.  I love these shoes.  I walk and stand on concrete for 12 hours a  day at work.  These are the  only shoes I buy now.
B005I6RZXG Comfortable shoes for entire workday Bought these shoes in 8 regular. My actual foot size is a 7.5 wide. I have a high arch, and I have always had to add additional orthotic support in all my shoes, these Renova's do not need them.. Most shoes do not fit me, so I size up. This pair was a little big for me, but with a very thick pair of winter socks, they are fine. I loved them so much working in a nursing facility, I came back for another pair in my actual size of 7.5 wide, in the garnet maryjanes. They are perfect, and both pairs work well for my job.
B005I6RZXG Great Working & Casual Shoe Great support, nice looking and affordable for my pocket book.  The shoe has a platform that gives me some height and keeps my pants from dragging the ground & positive heal which is best for my posture. I buy high-end shoes twice a year and found 2 pairs on Amazon ~40% off.  The retail price is lower than what I usually pay for higher-end shoes. My previous pair does squeak periodically when walk, but still gave the shoe five for the wear and cost of ownership. I highly recommend these shoes and hope the company keeps the foot bed for future seasons.  I may even wear these winter shoes in the Texas summers...maybe LOL :^)
B005I6RZXG The greatest shoe ever. I bought these shoes for work. I put them on today for the first time and the fit just great. The shoes are just so comfortable to wear. I stand at least 10 to 14 hours per day at work and needed some shoes that could take the shock from the concerte I stand on. After standing this long my knees and legs would be hurting so bad. These shoes were just good for the way I work.
B005I6RZXG Very very comfortable shoe!!! I love these shoes.  On the first day of wear, they were extremely comfortable. In fact, they were so comfortable, that I didn't even want to take them off when I got home, while in the past, removing my work shoes was the first thing I wanted to do.  &#34; I received many compliments from my co-workers.  I'm so pleased that I'm considering purchasing a black pair.  I do which they came in navy.  I'd definitely buy them.  I'm very pleased with this purchase!
B005I6RZXG Great pair of shoes!! The shoes arrived on time and packaged as any brand new pair of shoes. What I like most is being able to track my order and know when to expect it and loving when it's on time. They are very comfortable and pretty much true to size. They do squeak a little but the comfort is worth a little noise. They're also pretty sharp.
B005I6RZXG Great shoes I love these shoes! I've tried Dansko's before and like these 10x more. They're softer inside, and lighter then Dansko's. These shoes are perfect for anyone with back pain with standing, or with planter fascitis
B005I6RZXG Amazing work shoes Timberland shoes are amazing!!I am in my feet all night and would never know it. These shoes are both comfortable and safe. The height in the heel is a great back and ankle support.I recommend these shoes for every woman on her feet daily.
B005I6YJW6 no cow skin but....... I have had these shoes for about a week now,  they are pretty comfortable.  They feel like there are air pillows at the heel and ball of foot.  the main reason I purchased these shoes was for two reasons,  one the composite toe,  the second was the vibram sole. they make the soles for our troops and they hold up very well. They are made of man made materials,  no leather,  I was unsure about that because you all remember the jelly sandals that had everyone's feet smelling so bad.  well these seem to be ok so far,  just keep clean socks on.I would recommend these shoes as they are very comfortable and are about the same price as most steel toes.
B005LCLXUS Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Hook Oxford,Blue Very comfortable, good looking, fashionable, soft. I'm satisfied with that shoes. The size of the shoes is the same with the size specified on the site.
B005LCQYYS Trendy well made shoes Nice comfortable shoes. I wear them with no socks and they breathe well which was an initial worry I had. Comfortable enough to walk all day but basically the same support as a flip flop.
B005LCQYYS Great For Gardening I needed shoes that were easily put on and could be washed.  Use them while working in my garden. The shoes fit well and can be washed. The shoes are somewhat different in design and fit butlove the shoes.
B005LCQYYS way cooler than boat shoes... Love these shoes. Great knockaround goof off shoes. Really cool and comfy without socks. And they're yuppie and hippie all at once!
B005LCQYYS great! I love this mark..  this shoes especially get fit well... this is my third pair of this kind of sohes
B005MI875U Amazing! Super comfy! These shoes feel like heaven on your feet, so comfortable! And also they look great and have great quality. Everything you would expect from a Timberland shoe. Its like a hybrid between boot and sneaker with qualities of a boot like waterproof etc. yet light and sexy like a sneaker! All my friends want these. Highly recommended. At first i was skeptical ordering shoes online but they are also perfectly true to size and are the best shoes i have ever had.
B005ZFBLTY I love it This is the first time I buy timberland and won't be the last time. The shoes have a good grip.
B0063MTW3K Great shoes great shoes! hardish bit of course, but it's not terrible! warm, comfortable, do not get wet! take your child to always 3
B006N3KYGI Good shoes I thought the comfort wont be so good without socks, but i was wrong. I have been wearing the shoes about three months almost daily, they have got wet with water and mud, and after the cleaning they remain just as if they are still new.
B006T307QE Awsome shoes Shoes are great. Fits good.  And it helps my back as well. Arch on it.  Is great. Also the color is super nice
B006T307QE Shoes are great, but the black plastic piece that holds the ... Shoes are great, but the black plastic piece that holds the laces half way up the shoe was broken off. Poor quality on that part.
B006ZGVBUQ LOVE THESE! These shoes are comfortable, look great, and were a terrific deal.  I've never had a more comfortable clog! Would like to see this kind of fit in different colors/styles. Excellent shoes!
B006ZGWS0S I like them I got these shoes for just everyday run around shoes and they are just that except they can go with skirts also which I like that also. They are made good and feel good on your feet. every one should have a pair of these shoes for the comfort and the look.
B006ZGYLC6 I finally got my Timb's!! When I saw this style of Timberland's womens' shoes, I knew I wanted them.  Had to have them.  They looked so nice.  Well guess what!  These shoes are so worth what I paid for them.  They are so comfortable, I could probably hike in them!  The soles - OMG - no noisy "click, click" heels.  They are true to size, not too narrow or too wide.  I don't want to wear them out but they are just so comfy.  I may have to break down and get another pair.
B006ZGYLC6 Beautiful Shoes These are so wonderful...  comfortable fit, great style...  my go to shoe!  Sizing is perfect... I absolutely love these shoes!
B006ZJ3FHK Love these shoes! These shoes arrived faster than expected.  I bought these and a white/pink pair as well.  They are a little snug, but that's attributed to my swelling feet...When my feet don't swell, they are a perfect fit.  I have bad feet, so I can't wear them to work standing for 8-10 hours straight, but there are fine for casual use.  I've always wanted some shoes like this, and I love these because they go well with some of my University of Alabama football shirts I wear on game days...
B006ZSAEUW Great Outdoors Shoes I ve in Costa Rica and there is a lot of rains during this month , so know i can walk freely without worried about the water , these shoes are really waterproof and very comfortable, thanks
B006ZSAZ3S Great Shoes Great shoes, no complaints at all. I would recommend these to others who also like to wear shoes that are not lousy.
B006ZSAZ3S Great shoe / OK Service I really like these shoes, I have broken more bones in my feet then I care to remember, so it is not easy to find a good shoe.They are light, comfortable and work well.The 4 stars is for service, these are true fit shoes. So I normally wear 10.5 - 11I had to exchange the first pair (also the leather was hard, almost dry), the second pair where still too big (leather was soft and felt great other then the fit).But you can only exchange the shoes once.So I had to return them and re-order and the price had gone up, I e-mailed and called and was told there was nothing Amazon could do. - This was not about the extra $2 but the process of returning and re-ordering.I think if you are going to sell shoes on-line you need to have more room for sizing, especially if the shoe fit is not like most, IMHO.Other then that I would buy another.Final fit was a 9.5, leather was OK but softened up over time.
B006ZSCPCM excelent They are very comfortable shoes while wearing shoes for any occasion are my beautiful, excellent warm! and the price was the best
B006ZTJI3K Great shoes! You can wear these shoes in both summer and winter. They are great for work and trekking. They are not cheap but they worth it.
B006ZTJYL6 Great shoes I love these shoes.  I am a big fan of Timberland colored shoes.  These fit great and feel great.  They seem to be good quality also.
B006ZVRS1C Nice Shoes The shoes are well constructed, and after a brief breaking-in period, are very comfortable. And best of all for me, the shoes come in widths.
B006ZVRS1C Are they brand new? Got the shoes today. I'm wondering if it's brand new, because the sole of the shoes looks pretty dirty, especially in the white part. Can anybody garantee the shoes are brand new?
B0070SGN7Y hard-top shoes Good shoes.I have a foot 28.6 cm (Usually 10-10.5)  and size 10.5  of these shoes quite a bit big for me,but I do not feel discomfort. Now I think that for the autumn - winter shoes is good and with a thick sock will be fine. The upper part  until stiff ,but can become softer when I start wearing these shoes.
B0070SHSGE Good shoes, sizing is weird I like these shoes, they look nice.  One thing I can say is that I normally wear a size 12.  But Timberland tends to make their shoes way bigger than other companies.  So when I first bought these shoes in size 12, they were enormous and I ended up exchanging them for 11.  Having worn these 11's for several weeks now, I can attest that they fit almost like a 12 in any other shoe I own.  But they still feel a tad large.  In the winter it's not a problem though, since I wear thermal socks in them.Also, the rubber rim - the soles that go around the toes and point outward - tend to catch and trap dirt.  So on a brown shoe, the dirt becomes visible when it is trapped on these soles.  Otherwise, I am enjoying the style of these shoes.
B0070SHSGE Great Shoes I bought these shoes to replace some older oxfords. The size fits perfectly and so far (based on about a week of wear) they feel great. I use prescription orthotics in my shoes and the orthotics fit just fine. Very easy to pull out the original shoe bed/cushion to put the orthotics in.
B0070SHSGE Best shoes ever! My husband loves these shoes! We didn't own a car the first year he had these & he literally walked them til the soles split in half! They are also semi-dressy looking, he wore these with suits for graduate school. He said they're so comfortable! They are the only shoes he buys now!
B0070SHSGE 3rd pair of Timberland dress shoes This is my 3rd pair of Timberland dress shoes and they are as good as the first 2 pair.  These shoes last forever.
B0070SHSGE Beautiful shoes These shoes are beautiful, professional, comfortable, and solid. High quality to the fullest. They look amazing and feel great. I wish I had more reason to wear them than a few times per week!
B0070SHSGE Timberland shoes The shoes are fine, but the 10's were to large.  Had to order 91/2.  Read others' reviews and they said the same thing about them running big.
B0070SHSGE Great shoes for a good price Fit like a glove out of the box and first rainstorm kept my feet dry. These are wonderful shoes, I will be getting more soon.
B0070SHSGE timberland shoes These shoes have performed well so far. Only have had them a month. The shoes I had before were supposed to be water proof. After a couple of months my feet were getting wet. I sent them back and bought these. The other shoes were timberland men's cityadventure. They were not water proof and if so not for very long.
B0070SHSGE If you want shoes that are both sturdy and beautiful, these ones are the right for you. Two words: comfortable and nice! In fact, at first, when I placed my order, I was wondering if I was going to receive the right shoes as if I were in brick and mortar store. Guess what? When I got them, they fit me perfectly. I love them because they are nice and appear to be very sturdy. And I will recommend them to anyone who wants shoes that make them swagger, and built to last.
B0070SHSGE These shoes always fit. These shoes always hold up the best and are the only ones my husband wants to wear. There is no 'break in time' . They're ready for walking right away.
B0070SHSGE True to size, comfy I've been reluctant to buy shoes on-line because of fit problems.  After a recent trip to the shoe store and getting sized, I decided to take the plunge with these shoes.  First good thing:  They are made in Indonesia - not China.  Second, they're waterproof.  Third the fit is good, and break-in period will be brief.
B0070SHSGE Nice shoes with quality! Timberland shoes are the best!  The shoes are great for school / church / or everyday wear!Highly recommend !!!
B0070SHSGE they feel like you're wearing slippers! the shoes have very nice smooth leatherthey are very, very comfortableI'd buy several pairs of these shoes I wish they had them in several different colors
B0070SHSGE Great shoes, fits well, fast shipment. Thank you, good luck! These shoes are waterproof which was my number one requirement. Beyond that they are comfortable and rugged. I think they look sharp. A nice plain shoe that looks good and does what it is supposed to. Great value!
B0070SHSGE Love em' Same shoes, half the price. What's not to like. Fitting guide was perfect and the shoes fit very well as expected.
B0070SJ4IO Hardcore. I bought them for my son to wear as school shoes. I purchased size 14 medium and the sizing was accurate. The shoe looks and feels well made. My son's school will not allow boots which is what I first hoped to purchase,. These shoes are a really great alternative.They keep his feet warm and dry as he goes to and from his dorm and school grounds regardless of the weather. I have purchased timberland shoes in the past and they are quite sturdy and long lasting shoes. These may last longer than my sons shoe size! Great purchase.
B0070SU44C Walking man These are my go to daily shoes. I walk 45 minutes to work both ways so these shoes have to be comfortable and durable. I've gotten a lot of attention with these shoes. They match well with lots of my clothes and I expect that they'll last for a while to come.
B0070Z0VO8 Great shoe We took our 3 year old hiking to the Shenandoa using these shoes.  They were great.  He loves his shoes and would like to go hiking everyday.  Nice product and fits well.
B0070Z0VO8 Big style for little feet I purchased these shoes for my son.  He put them on, walked around and quickly pronounced them his "favorite shoes ever."  I'm a fan too.  The styling is great.  The are well-made and I suspect durable.
B0070Z0VO8 These shoes are not water resistant Bought two pairs for my kids.  The shoes look nice and the kids say they feel good on their feet.  However, the shoes are not water resistant (although they claim to be).  I had better luck with other Timberland shoes, but these are just mesh liners without any real durable waterproofing.  Consequently, they are not good for the fall/winter months.
B00712L3D8 Love Timberlands I have a daughter who is really hard on shoes but Timberland never disappoints.  This is her third pair and its only because she is constantly growing that I had to purchase a new pair. I love how you can unzip and still have the velco piece on the side to help get the shoes on.  Well designed and highly recommended.
B0071347M6 Shoes okay The shoes are beautiful and my son says they are very comfy but the leather is very soft and scratch very easily
B00713499W love the shoes! These shoes are comfortable and can be worn for a long periods throughout the pay. Definitely worth the money! They are boy shoes and I am a women and you can't tell the difference. Love them!
B007134C30 Great shoe for great price! My son is pretty hard on shoes. He has been known to wear holes within a month on new shoes. He has worn these for 4 months and they still look good. These shoes are well made and sold at a bargain price!
B007135298 Durable Great choice for a school pair of shoes. This gonna last more than a year!  Definitely I will buy the next time this exact brand
B007135298 Last long My son is very hard on shoes.  I bought the lace up version at the beginning of the school year and are now looking beat up. Structurally the shoes are still good. They have stretched out a bit so I would not go to large.  Eight months for school shoes is really good for us.
B007135298 Absolutely great shoes! Very good quality leather shoes, very light, very eazy to put on. I love this shoes so as my sons.
B007135FDQ Good looking shoes My nephew really, really love this pair of shoes. I brought this for him to wear to school, and this was a perfect choice.
B007135FDQ Great shoes I love these shoes. I wanted to buy my son a pair of shoes that he couldn't easily break, so I invested in these shoes and I don't regret it. Best pair of shoes yet. I recommend these shoes especially for school.
B007135FDQ Perfect School Uniform Shoe My son attends Catholic school and is required to wear dress shoes to school everyday.  I would not consider these dress shoes, but the school does.  They are easy to slip on and off, so I do not have to worry about my 5 year old having to tie his shoes.  They are great for running around and playing on the playground at recess and also look nice.  I'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend them to anyone.
B007135FDQ timbers sent this shoes to my sister's address she saw it but did not like it wondered why got the shoes and saw that my sister did not know what she was talking about this shoes look good fits my son just as i expected it everyone loves the shoes in his school even his teachers comment on the shoes were positive because is a timber expect it to last his entire year in school
B007135FDQ Nice shoes Needed shoes for church. These were very nice shoes. But be careful if they get wet b/c they leave stains. Bought them for my 4 year old, and unfortunately he grew out of them very quickly. I even bought them a little bigger. But, I guess kids grow so it was bound to happen! :)
B0071DQTAO cute shoes that last My son is so hard on shoes and timberland shoes hold up the best.  Good for school and looks great with shorts.
B0072NQIZ4 Must Buy These shoes are very comfortable. They are a must buy for people who stand alot on there job. Order these shoes
B0072NQIZ4 Most comfortable work shoes I've owned (third pair I've purchased) This is the third pair of these shoes I've purchased. I am a nurse and am on my feet all day long. These are the best shoes I've owned. Enough said. I love them.
B0072NQIZ4 Timberland Renova I absolutely love these shoes.  I ordered my true size, 5.5 med. and they fit perfectly.  I am happy with the quality and the look of the shoe.  Very good quality and look really nice on my feet.  You will not be disappointed if you have always wanted a pair of patent leather shoes!!!  Cannnot say enough good things about these shoes.  The fit is perfect and really comfortable.  Overall quality is top notch!!!
B0072NQIZ4 GREAT SHOES I USUALLY WEAR AN EIGHT.  THE SHOES WERE JUSST A LITTLE BIG.  IWORE THEM FOR A 12 HR SHIFT AND MY FEET DID NOT HURT.  ALL MY CO WORKERS LOVED THEM.  THEY ALL HAD TO TRY THEM ON AND PRANCE AOUND IN THEM.  THE SHOES WERE WORTH EVERY PENNY!
B0072NQIZ4 Timberland Renova shoes Best shoe I have had in a long time,I am on my feet all the time with my job and Love these shoes.
B0072NQIZ4 Love these shoes I have struggled for a while with issues with my feet. These shoes felt great from the beginning. True to size.
B0072NQIZ4 Forever Timberland Pro Always wear them product is true to its description and these shoes look better in person. I am a nurse, but work on the administrative side. These shoes provide exceptional comfort while they allow me to dress office chic and not miss a step.
B0072NQIZ4 Best kitchen shoes I've had I wear a 9 1/2 so the fancy kitchen shoes are either too small or too big. These are perfect. The kitchen I work in has a floor that if its not covered in a layer of grease its coved in water and I've never even come close to slipping. I was a little worried about the patten leather but man these clean up really nice and despite wearing the heck out of them for a few months, the look almost brand new. I also get a ton of compliments on them because let's face it, if you work in a kitchen and wear ugly clog style shoes, any small hint of easy fashion is appreciated. They are also very comfortable.
B0072NQIZ4 Love these shoes! These shoes are awesome. No break- in period. I walk and stand on concrete floors all day, 12 hour shifts at a time.  I have two pair now.
B0072NQIZ4 Happy Nurse I have always always always had problems with my feet. And due to my profession we are required to wear leather shoes. In which my feet have always be swollen by the end of the day. These shoes not only came in my size, but I was able to also recieve them in a wide. They fit perfect on the days my feet swell, without them feeling too tight. My toes have PLENTY of room and dont feel crowded. When my feet are not swollen, shoes are a little loose in the back but not to a point where they are slipping off or uncomfortable. I cant explain how happy I am with these shoes! I choose Timberland over Dansko and Sanitas most definietly!!!!!!!
B0072NQIZ4 Love em'! I've worked in a high volume restaurant for 12 years, and these are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  If you have a job that requires you to stand for lengthy periods, these are the shoes for you!
B0074HSGO4 Great fit.... They are as good as they look and they fit well very comfortable....definetely recommend this shoes for anyone that wants something different
B0077635G6 Nothing like I had wore on his feet! Nothing like I had wore on his feet! These are the best shoes of those that I had before! No more wet feet! No more discomfort when walking! Warm and light! Winter and -30 degrees Celsius great feeling while walking. I love it! But require careful maintenance and cleaning. But it's not a big fee for the opportunity to have a beautiful and comfortable shoes. One day, by chance, sprayed on one shoe black suede paint. After 10 minutes of rubber eraser on the black paint was gone. Shoes became a little lighter than the one shoe that I did not paint. I will continue to try and other Timberland shoes!
B007782V1O LOVE IT! These boots ended up being a lighter color than the picture but still way too cute!! I AM IN LOVE WITH THEM!! COMFY, and were true to size in my perspective. I always buy size 9 women shoes and bought these in 9 M/B, fit perfectly!!! The look is great, and my feet are warm and dry!!! The price is was such a steal too!! I went to the Macy's Department store, tried the same shoes on but the price was way higher!!! If you are second guessing about these shoes... DON'T!! GET THEM!!!
B007782V1O Good shoes at a nice price I bought this shoes at a very nice price, it's warm and comfortable, and waterproof, I love to wear this shoes during winter time
B007784JI2 As expected! Received the shoes a lot faster than expected which was great because I was afraid they would be delayed due to the holiday season. They were in perfect condition when they arrived. To be honest they looked even better in person than they do in their picture and the quality of work is fantastic.I can't speak on their longevity yet because we did just receive them but if they are anything like my other Timberland shoes then I expect them to last for a good time to come.
B0077SY810 Beautiful Shoes Really love these shoes they are much more than I expected. They are very dressy and classy and look totally upscale.
B007IN72IA IS TIMBERLAND SIZING SHOES SMALLER? These are sturdy and rugged shoes.  The solid black, matte finish is a good look.I've worn Timberland shoes for a zillion years.  They are the brand I can wear right out of the box with no problems.  They are comfortable shoes and they wear well.I recently bought my regular size Timberlands and they were too small.  I own about 5 or 6 other Timberland shoes that I have bought over time, and they fit just right.  I returned the regular size new pair of shoes and got a size bigger and they fit fine.  I am well past the age where my feet should grow, so I wonder if TL is sizing their shoes smaller.  I would think that my feet are spreading out as my age advances, but the older TL shoes all fit fine.
B007IN72IA definitely yes!!! Bought them and I have no regrets. Very good quality, resistant, comfortable, great looking shoes. I cannot stop wearing them.
B007IN72IA Not good shoes I want to say that I was disappointed with these shoes. They look very good and they are very comfortable, as long as you do not move.Having started the movement, I began to feel that the shoes are strongly rubbed the back of the foot, and one day there were large blisters.In addition, two weeks of use, between the base and the top of a crack, which was exposed to water from a puddle.Therefore, in the rain wearing these shoes can not be!Timberland, you disappoint me!
B007IN72IA Might buy a 2nd pair I purchased these black shoes as I was looking for plain every day comfort for a business-casual office.  I chose this pair based on the positive reviews and the availability of a Wide fit.Have worn these shoes for 3 months with only positive feedback to share.  Fit, durability, style, price...all great.These shoes will make me purchase Timberlands in the future.
B007M629M2 Everyday Slipon I was looking for an everyday slip on shoe.  Timberland makes one of the best everyday casual shoes in the industry!  However, this particular shoes runs a little small!  Plus the design looks a little freaky!
B007M629M2 Comfortable shoes. I like the easy on easy off nature of these shoes. They size appropriately.  The sole has just the right amount of traction.
B007NMIKKU shoes I had another pair of boat shoes that I just wore out after many years.They were my go to shoes for anywhere.Theesenew boaters were soft & comphy right fron the start.Great fit & value.
B007R3BIC2 Very Comfortable Shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable.  I usually take a wide with, but the cut of the medium width shoes is more than adequate.
B00828MXM0 nice feeling about this shoes the shoes look cool, but the size of this shoe is little smaller than my expectation, but it does't impact its quality.  i would like to recommend to my friends.
B00828VKFQ Best Nursing Shoes Made I highly recommend these shoes to anyone working in healthcare. They were comfortable the first day after a twelve hour shift. I forget I even had feet...nurses know what I mean. I spilled blood all over them, and it wiped right off. Also, I skated through pleural fluid and never lost my grip to the floor. They are excellent shoes made perfectly for bedside nurses!
B00828VKFQ I like them I like putting comfy shoes and walking around the neighborhood from time to time to breath fresh air so I tried my new shoes and went for a walk. I was happy and comfy in them :)
B00828VKFQ Perfect fit I chose this shoes because it was recommended by the American Podiatric Association and I'm glad I did.  I have wide width feet and it was hard to find good nursing shoes that would fit. They provide very good support and cushioning. The non-slip material on the bottom is very helpful especially at work. I also have plantar fasciitis and at the end of the day my feet at not hurting. I will definitely purchase these shoes again in the future.
B00828VKFQ These shoes hurt like the dickens These shoes hurt like the dickens. My heel was crying after I wore them to work. I even broke the shoe in and the problem persisted. I would recommend anyone thinking about buying this shoe to think again. I feel like what I paid for was not what I got. I dunno maybe someone else's feet will better acclimate to these shoes than mine did. All I know is that they were very painful for me.
B00828VKFQ Never had more comfortable shoes!!!! This order came promptly, well packed, and in perfect condition. I have arthritis in my feet and am on my feet a lot. They are WONDERFUL!!!!Very well made, excellent cushion and support, and have a roomy toe box. I had a pair of Timberland shoes 30 years ago, which I still have, but these are a different style and much better!I highly recommend this seller.
B00828VKFQ Finally! I have been looking for a pair of basic black shoes to wear for several months.  I have tried famous footwear, Kohl's, JCPenney and Macy's.  For some reason, this season, size 11W has been VERY hard to find!!!  and If I did find them they did not fit well, or at all.  I took a gamble and ordered these shoes because they looked sensible and comfy.  I am so glad that I tried them.  There is plenty of room in the toe box, and the support is great.  I have only worn them around the house so far, but I am really pleased with them!
B00828VKFQ Awesome Shoes.. These are the only work shoes I am sticking with.. I love them and I do not need to use supports in them because they make my feet feel great...only small complaint I have is it takes 3 days to break them in and then there comfortable.. I had small blisters those days and then they went away after and I have not got one since.. Over all, these shoes are still the best work shoes compared to the shoes I have bought from other work shoe companies were I break them in and they still hurt.
B00828VKFQ Best shoes ever! I highly recommend these shoes.  I'm a restaurant manager and I've been in the industry for over ten years.  These are by far the best shoes I've ever had.  I've just ordered my third pair.  In the past I've had to replace $40-50 work shoes three times a year. These easily last a year or longer!  They are super comfortable even after ten or twelve hour shifts and even then I keep them on when normally I'd be ready to kick my shoes off.  The slip resistant design will occassionally catch something in it but their ability to fight falls is comparable to any other slip resistant shoe out there.  Amazon offers these at a sale price but they are well worth the full price.  The sole is a little bit high so these do well if you occasionally have to make your way through little pools of water.  These are perfect for a rest. manager who is aiming for professional/functional.  I think they'd also work well for anyone who has to stand for long periods of time-nurse, etc.
B00828VKFQ comfortable! I'm a nurse and work long hours with virtually no sitting and have a history of heel, low back pain and knee pain and these shoes are very comfortable and supportive. And at the end of my day I'm not dying to get my shoes off like many other shoes I've tried.
B00828VKFQ Great shoes I was hoping for comfy shoes for work as a nurse and these are it! I like Klogs but  the Timberlands are a better fit. Love them!
B00828VKFQ best ever work shoes It usually takes me a long time to find comfortable shoes so I started by trying these Timberland pro shoes on for size at a uniform shop, they were very comfortable right away so I started looking for them on line, since I new what size I would need. Thank you elite hero for offering these shoes at a lower cost, now I need another pair.
B0083IUGO6 Great pair of shoes Nice shoes that run too large. I normally wear a 13 size and ended buying an 11. The sharp edge of the tongue rubs against the skin if wearing low cut socks and may be quite uncomfortable. Otherwise, nicely designed and very well built.
B0083IWQCG Nice shoes, light weight, fits well Very comfortable shoes, Timberland quality.  Best brand of shoes I've ever worn.
B008H2BBUG the best investments excellent footwear, recommended for men of taste, these shoes are durable, I do not have to buy shoes for long.
B008J0PKIA Comfortable shoes I like the style and need another pair of suede shoes. They were perfect when wearing slacks or skirts. Plus they are cute looking. They are a little big, but I plan to wear socks with them as the weather changes.
B008J0PKIA Very Nice These shoes are very comfortable.  Buying shoes on line can be tricky but I took a chance and was not disappointed.  They are as described and I am happy.
B008J0PKIA Love my new shoes! i worn out another pair of Timberland shoes and had been looking for another pair.  These fit good, are comfortable and well made.
B008J0PKIA Super comfortable I really like these shoes for work. The are casual and comfortable and seem to be well made. I ordered more in different colors.
B008JBI7ZC These are really nice shoes. I wear these with jeans or slacks.  They feel comfortable like walking shoes, but the heel height and the trim design allow me to wear them with work clothes too.
B008KLEYLM Great fitting and feeling shoes these shoes are great, they feel so good on the feet. look great with jeans, everyday clothes, i would recommend them to everyone
B008KLEYLM Mary Jane flats Amazing shoes!!!!!! I have lupus that affects my ability to walk at times, with these shoes I can walk without being in pain. Thanks so much!!!!
B008KLEYLM Great shoes Shoes are very comfortable and true to size. I've owned several pairs of Timberlands and they are durable and last forever. Not disappointed at all. Love the shoes.
B008KLGHL2 Very Comfortable This is my first time ordering Timberland shoes. The wide shoes fit perfectly and are very comfortable. I would definitely order another pair in the future.
B008KLGHL2 Great shoes but do not fit me I have a hard time finding shoes that are wide enough to fit my swollen feet.  Unfortunately I had to return these.
B008KLGHL2 Comfortable, cool, soft and lightweight shoes My wife bought these shoes, liked both, already bought another pair, said to be very soft, comfortable and lightweight, they are special to warm places
B008M27754 inexpensive, but good shoes John loves these shoes.  He walks confidently now that he's got some shoes that are wide enough. (He wears a triple-E.)  The bottom tread is also a plus--cushiony and comfortable.  The leather is soft andd the closings are easy to manipulate.
B008M27754 Excellent shoes Shoes are very comfortable, very stylish and good looking. They fit perfectly and I'm going to buy another pair for my father too.
B008M27UHO timberland men-s hull cove boat shoe One off the best pair of shoes I ever had,everything that I expected.My size is 10 and the shoes fit perfect
B008M27UHO This shoes is very nice! This shoes is very nice!I like it very much .it's so comfortable.don't like Tuxedo Loafers Men's Leather Dress Shoes.I will buy again.Timberland  is  very  good!
B008M27UHO good goods.good shoes. the right shoes is a little rubbing feet,i fix it.the shoelace open loose because of it's leather shoelace .
B008M2MGSC Great I purchased these shoes for my brothers and they say that the shoes fit perfectly, great for teenagers, and surprisingly match with a lot of clothing
B008M2MGSC Shoes for my Boyfriend These shoes look better in person than they do on the picture! I am soooo sure that he will live them, plus I got them for a great price! XD Sooo excited to see his face! :3 Thanks Amazon!!!
B008M2MGSC Great shoes I really like these shoes. They fit as expected, great buy for the price. I would highly recommend these shoes to everyone.
B008M2MGSC The shoes of God!!! Are perfect, i love his texture, colour and form. This shoes are The best Ever! In Spain is very dificult found!
B008M2OCP2 Comfortable Slip-ons I'm happy to see slip-on shoes become popular so that now we can get high quality, comfortable, and durable shoes from the likes of Timberland at a reasonable price. There is nothing particularly arresting about the design of this particular shoe, but it certainly makes up for it in utility and price.
B008M2OCP2 The Timberland Shoes are too small The Timberland Prods. are in my opinion one of the best products. I have had Timberland shoes over the years and I can honestly say I have always  been satisfied . The shoes I received would have been perfect except I ordered the wrong size. In America the sizes are different to New Zealand.
B008M2OCP2 shoes review A pair of some comfortable shoes made of soft left mmmh I rily like the feel of my feets in them...thank you amazon promise to be your loyal customer guys
B008M2OCP2 Timberland Shoes Great shoes and very comfortable.The delivery was a fast one. Really appreciate it.Hope to buy more shoes from the seller soon.
B008M2OCP2 Great shoes, with a couple of caveats I really like these shoes overall. They're stylish, comfortable and a good pair of casual shoes. The leather does look kind of like plastic. Also, the soles seem to be rubber and are very thin. So these are not good shoes for some kinds of rough terrain. As an example, I went to a county fair recently and was walking on a rock road, made up of sharp rocks, approximately an inch or so in diameter...the type common on roads in rural areas where there isn't enough traffic to justify paving the roads. I could feel the sharp edges of every single rock through the soles of the shoes. But aside from those issues, they're great shoes, especially if you can get them cheap.
B008M2OCP2 Great slip-on I wear size 9 and it fits as expected. It looks better than at pictures. I like my new shoes.
B008M2OCP2 Nice shoes.  Fast joined my group of favorites. Great shoes, but the sole is a bit thin.  I can feel the pebbles or bumps beneath my feet when wearing them.  Got compliments about them and bought two pairs for that reason alone.
B008M2OCP2 very comfortable I wear these shoes and they fit real good and are very comfortable.I will wear these shoes and be very relaxed.
B008M2P490 Awesome shoes Great shoes, very comfortable, easy to put on and take off because they'er cordless, and no chance of slipping, no cons at all
B008M2P490 Very Comfortable! I like these shoes very much. They are very light and comfortable!  Besides they look quite good on jeans wears!
B008M2P490 very comfortable Thanks to another reviewer I knew these shoes had elastic laces-which I wanted so I could slip my shoes on and off.
B008M2YZKY Great Shoes! I have been using these shoes for a few weeks now and I do not have much of a problem with them. They look great, the photos definitely do it justice. They fit my foot just fine and they are comfortable. However, I would suggest getting some gel insoles for the shoes since the insoles that come with the shoes seem really thin but since I do a lot of walking around, I already invested in some gel insoles just for these shoes and they feel just right, no pain, no blisters. If you are looking for some good looking &#34;boat&#34; shoes then look no further!
B008M2YZKY Cool shoes Love them. Very comfortable shoes. I live in a very hot and humid climate during the summer and I was looking for breathable shoes.  Now I have 2 pairs in different colours.
B008M2YZKY Great everyday shoes These shoes have an incredible construction and are definitely my go to everyday shoes. I bought 2 pairs just to have a backup when one goes south
B008M2YZKY Comfortable and laid-back. I bought these shoes as an alternative to sandals or flip-flops for Spring and Summer wear. So far, they have been great; the sole is wearing well and the fabric both on the insole and the inside of the shoe is smooth and hasn't caused me any problems. These shoes have taken me on long walks, short bike rides, and on leisurely beach strolls.In terms of fit, these shoes are a tad wider than expected but they are still very comfortable.I generally wear a 13, and I wouldn't recommend going down a size.The material feels like well-washed canvas and it smooth, breathable, and comfortable on my feet. I was a bit concerned about the insole (also made from the same material) but it has proved to be very comfortable so far.Be warned that the lace on the front is largely decorative as it won't stay tied for long during any sort of fleet-footed activities and it doesn't offer much in terms of snugging up the shoe on your foot, but it looks pretty neat so at least there's that.Overall, these seem like quality shoes. We will see how they survive the next few months but I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a well-constructed, laid-back, beach type shoes with legitimate soles and sharp (if understated) styling.
B008M2YZKY ShoeNut There is one thing certain about me--love shoes.  I really like this style.  In fact, I have 4 colors.  there are comfortable and great knot around shoes.
B008M2YZKY Great Shoes Before this ones, I had never used Timberland shoes but let me tell you they not only look great but feels pretty comfortable. The only point is that they look somewhat old after the first use, but that's ok for me.
B008M2ZFQW Comfortable These shows are very comfortable, fit as expected. There are no issues with the heel - which is becuase it fits like a well seasoned pair of shoes.
B008M2ZFQW I really like these shoes! These shows are very comfortable, fit as expected.I really like these shoes! Its like walking around barefoot. I would recommend it in the summer.
B008M2ZFQW Love these shoes. These shoes are extremely comfortable and are perfect casual wear.  They are ideal for navigating the TSA checkpoint  and enduring long flights.
B008M2ZFQW Great shoes since the moment I put them on Love these shoes!Never wore these shoes and I took them on a trip to LA. Walked Sunset Blvd,Hollywood Blvd and Universal Studios in one day. These things fit like I owned them for years. Great pair of slip ons.
B008M2ZFQW great shoes I really like these shoes both for their qulaity and comfort.
B008M2ZFQW Comfortable and such Good shoes, comfortable fit, great price.
B008M2ZFQW Cool I really like these shoes! The colors are nice, everything came as I wanted it, and they're super comfortable. I've been wearing them almost daily in all sorts of terrain - and walking around New York City can be tough on shoes - and they've lasted very well. Haven't noticed any wear or tear.
B008M2ZFQW Extremely wearable shoes I don't write a lot of reviews - but these shoes deserve a 5 star rating.  They are comfortable, look good enough to wear anywhere, and are very well-made. I have never ordered shoes from Amazon before, so I was wary - but I could not be happier with this brand.
B008M4UN1C comfy shoes Timberland make comfy shoes, and did not disappoint with these. Also helped the wedge was low. Only wish it was maybe one inch higher
B008M4UN1C Beautiful shoes I was so pleased with these shoes. They are comfortable and stylish. I would definitely order them again! Fit is perfect.
B008MHQP5M Excellent fit, comfortable too. These shoes are just what I was looking for.  They are true to size and required no break in period. They look great too. Only issue is the laces were so long I had to cut off a couple of inches. I guess I just never learned the proper way to tie the laces on boat shoes. If I knew I probably wouldn't have needed to cut them. I liked these shoes so much I just ordered a pair in blue.
B008MHR6D2 Nice shoes As usual, timberland are one of the best shoes that u can have. I recommend it for summer and it is soft.
B008MHR6D2 wonderful I like this shoes, and I buy it for my father, he like it as well. I think I will by this brand in the future.
B008MHR6D2 Really nice shoes Very nice shoes. Very nice padded sole rarely seen in other boat shoes. The white bottom was perfect and sought after to not leave marks on the deck of a boat. The shoes overall are made in the high quality expected from Timberland and well delivered !
B008MHR6D2 When it works its great. All shoes should be as comfortable and easy to wear as Timberland.Great shoes - love themDelivery was quick and order process simple and efficient.That's not always the case - but I do love the shoes and put up with the vagaries of trying to order on those occasions sometimes when it just doesn't work.
B008MHR6D2 Don't listen to people who said that the shoes are larger than expected I had been deciding to buy this shoes or not for a month until i went to the Timberland store to try it. The shoes are perfect and fit very well. I don't understand why there are some comments said that the shoes are oversize. My other shoes are in 9 M and so do this boat shoes. In addition, this shoes are fashionable and cheap. It costed below 50 and shipped to my home within 3 days. I really like this shoes and highly recommend to all of you.
B008MHR6D2 Spouse loves these shoes These are nice shoes that fit as expected.  My husband has a larger than normal shoe size so when we find good fitting shoes we grab them up.
B008MHR6D2 Cool shoes for sure These shoes are definitely suave and the colour is great. I am getting use to leather laces. On the negative side, they are one size too big.
B008MHR6D2 Top quality boat shoes and a real classic... looks good and rich quality.. very happy with the. It was little bit tricky to tie the laces as they have done in the pic but eventually got there..they are one of the best slip on shoes I have got to wear with my shorts.. dress and classy.. can't recommend them high enough
B008MHR6D2 awesome timberland mens boat shoes what's there to say the name timberland speaks for itself the quality and craftsmanship speaks for itself it is second to none I have got a few other pairs of timberland boat shoes but I like these the best they fit and feel really good
B008MHR6D2 Good shoes. Not great. They are slightly bigger than your usual size so if you usually wear size 10 a size 9 will fit you perfectly. I have three pairs of boat shoes. As compared to the other brands I am used to these cover your feet a bit more. I would have liked my boat shoes to be a bit more open as compared to my regular shoes. Obviously they are great quality since they are timberland's. I would prefer sperry top sider over this but they dont make the navy blue any more. I would also recommend Aldo navy blue boat shoes. Almost the same price but definitely better.
B008MHR6D2 These shoes fitted Comfortably. I have always liked timberland brand. I like the design and its style. It is well crafted. I have been wearing these shoes since the day I received it. It is very comfortable. I would recommend it.
B008MHR6D2 I like it Shoes are very beautiful, very comfortable to wear! I come from China, but that the shoes are cheaper these days, huh, huh!
B008N6Y9BO Great shoes The shoes changed my concept about shoes. It's really comfortable and good quality. It's a good choice to buy them with discounts.
B008N6Y9BO Great Slip on Boat Shoes! I ordered a women's size 7.5, and they fit perfect. Upon opening the Timberland box, the smell of new leather filled the air. The shoes were everything I wanted and more. The cushioning is great!
B008N6Y9BO Timberland boat shoes Very comfortable only bad thing is laces get loose. I like the color and I would recommend these shoes. Good for casual wear.
B008N6Y9BO new pair boat shoes! I love these shoes! I had a pair of boat shoes a long time ago and I was  worried that there would be a long break-in period.  There is a break-in period, but the leather feels really soft, so it has not been as long as I feared.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a pair of boat shoes. They seem to be very well made and the fit was as expected.
B008N6YJKA The shoes fit great The shoes fit great and are very comfartable. I have received compliments on the fact that thet look smart with pants or a summer dress.
B008N6YJKA Timberland makes great shoes I have these shoes in three other colors. They look great with anything you wear. The color is more coral than red which worked out fine for me.
B008N6YJKA Love these shoes! I lover these shoes so I am ordering more.  My daughter wears the same size (5-1/2) so I am getting her two pairs of them.
B008N6YJKA Trendy color for summer......always in-fashion Style! I read many reviews about width of these shoes, so I ordered 6m. Back strap that holds heel is a bit large, but you can tighten shoe with the ankle-strap.  It's the first time I buy Timberland shoes and I like them, they actually feel quite comfortable!  Very good leather quality for the price.  I recommend them.Shipment from Amazon was on due time, my order arrived quickly and well-packed, just as they offer!
B008N6YJKA love it I really like those shoes. They are very comfortable and not too high. I would recommend them. True to size.
B008N6YJKA Perfect everyday shoe Never knew Timberland made semi-dressy shoes.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received my shoes as they were beautifully packaged.  They fit perfectly and I can wear them all day and my feet don't feel tired.  Thinking of getting them in a different color now.
B008N6YJKA LO-VE these shoes Man are these shoes so comfortable and yet they fit so well.  I wore them all day and long into the evening...when I removed them I was so impressed with no blisters.
B008N6YJKA Perfect! Just received my package today and the shoes fit perfectly not too snug not to loose...These shoes are definitely made for walking...,
B008N6YRCK Nice Shoe I have ordered many shoes over the past few years and have been unpleasantly surprised by bad fit.  However, these shoes fit wonderfully, are comfortable and stylish.  I wear between 8-8 1/2 and an size 8 fit perfectly.  I recommend.
B008N6YRCK Very Comfortable! These shoes are not only stylish but they are also very true to size and they are absolutely comfortable. The leather is soft and of great quality as well.
B008N6YRCK I love this shoes. This is the first time I try Timberland shoes. I was difficult to find shoes that what i expected.I finally found shoes that i have been looking for it is so comfortable and stylish I do not have any problem to wear all day long.
B008N6YRCK Good shoes Comfortable shoes and comfortable material make this pair of top favorite in my wardrobe. Comfortable shoes and comfortable material make this pair of top favorite in my wardrobe.
B008N7GT9I Does not fit as it was supposed to I had another Timberland shoes and my size was 12. in these pair of shoes were not so confortable. .
B008N7GT9I A decent shoe Overall,  one of Timberland's better shoes. I had other shoes but didn't like how it feels. This one feels good, but do run a little narrow in my opinion. However, I do recommend.
B008N7H654 nice shoes Fantastic shoes, my wife ordered them for me. Comfortable, cool an feather light. I told her it would be a shame th ruin them mowing the yard in them which is why she got them for me. They are now my choice over sneakers to wear with jeans.I will continue to wear worn out running shoes for yard work...
B008N7H654 Stiff I read all the good reviews on this shoe and I have always had good luck with Timberland products. But when I put these shoes on I noticed a big difference. They are very uncomfortable and there is no cushion or support for my feet. I can only wear these for about an hour before my feet hurt and my knees throb. If anything this will prevent me from buying shoes online.
B008N7H654 good shoes fit great, feel good, the size is fine too, i recomend this shoes, make my feet fit fine, and looks great after a rain
B008N7H654 Hiking shoes I have not been hiking in these yet, but I have been wearing them to school. No break in and the soles are as stiff as I wanted. I can tell they will be comfortable. These are actual trail shoes not sneakers that look like it.
B008N7H654 Great Shoes These shoes are light and comfortable and yet durable.  Timberland makes a very good product by making it affordable.  I have many timberland boots for work and play and have always been pleased. Would recommend.
B008UQR1G2 Comfort shoes It is comfort shoes, feel very soft during walking. Hope next time, there is more this kind of shoes, we could buy more.
B008UTB02K BOAT SHOE I love the way the shoes looks, but like other reviews they fit bigger. I bought a 1.5 and it fits like it is 2.5. I hate to send it back I will just let him grow into it. The shoes are very stiff and are kind of hard to get on. You just don't slide in them like it says.
B008UTB02K Great shoes! It's so hard to find good looking brown shoes & Timberland always has the most stylish ones.  These are absolutely adorable.  Very well-made & Timberland always lasts a long time.
B008UTB02K Great school shoes. These shoes are exactly what I needed for my 6 year old kindergartener. Needs dress but functional shoes for private school. These will be great for the rest if the year. Many reviews said they run big but I did not find that at all. I would say they are true to size. They r great!
B008VAQ1UY Great Shoes These shoes are tough and ready to go in any weather. Shoes my little couldn't wait to get on, looking good on her first day of Kindergarten.
B008VAQ1UY Beautiful shoe, excellent price! I ordered these shoes for my seven year old daughter who can go through shoes faster than anything. They seem tough enough to survive even for her and they look great. The soft suede like material used on the outside makes it very appropriate for the upcoming fall and winter, it's got very nice cushioning inside and the bungee laces work very well. I read a review saying that the laces were not true bungee laces. I'm not sure what shoe they are talking about but this shoes is as described.
B008VPU0GK Top notch shoe I performed what is perhaps the most comprehensive test on these shoes. I bought these for a scouts camp right before I left for $77! I've owned boots for double the price that severely underperformed. You want these shoes. Not only for the price are they unbeatable but their mere quality is superb and I would easily pay $110-$120 for them. Now, onto the review.The test essentially entails all 6 seasons and 89 different terrains. Without hyperbole, I put these shoes on at 7am in the morning and took them off at midnight for 4 days. On two days, I wore them in excess of 20 hours and here are the results:Are they waterproof? Yes. I accidentally dipped into ankle-deep mud and water without consequences. When the rain came (and I mean, it poured), I ran into some issues because my pants became soaked at the water essentially began to leak in from the top. However, that is not the shoe's fault. More importantly, I put some newspapers into them, let them dry for the two hours that I slept and woke up to dry shoes!Were my feet comfortable? Yes. As you read, I wore these shoes for long..long periods, most of them entailed walking or standing. Overall, my feet toughened up a bit but they certainly did not hurt. Moreover, through the days I experienced weather ranging from 28C to 0C. At 28C, I must admit that my feet were slightly hot but I was also wearing long pants and knee-high socks which may have contributed to the embouteillage of heat. They did not, though, get as hot as some of my previous boots. When it came to freezing temperatures, my feet were perfectly fine in the relatively thin, cotton socks that I was wearing.Will they last? Probably. In the few days that I did wear these shoes, I put in a substantial amount of mileage on them and they showed no signs of fatigue but to truly see whether they'll last I'll have to continue wearing them.Overall, these are excellent shoes!
B008VQS61U Cool looking and comfortable I really really like these shoes. They are not only attractive, but they fit well and I wear them all year.
B008Z5IBVM New Shoes These shoes are wonderful, great fit, look beautiful, and are well made.  Had a great experience using Amazon and Virtual Exchanges. Would recommend using one or both sites!
B008ZBP2RC I love it! This shoes is really comfortable,and suitable.The color is just what appears on your screen,I usually wear 8,and the size of this shoes is right,but I guess 8.5 may fits me more perfectly.
B008ZBP7M2 Light and comfortable I previously bought a pair of Timberland boots for work which were so comfortable I decided to buy the Casco Bay leather slip-ons for home. These shoes are the most comfortable everyday shoes I have had in a long time. They are constructed very well a extremely lightweight. When I first received them, I had doubt as to whether  or not I'd be keeping them since there is hardly anything to them at all. After spending 8 hours loading a moving truck and realizing my feet did not hurt at all, I was sold on the quality of these shoes!
B008ZBP7M2 So far so good Ive had these shoes for 2 weeks now and so far their just fine. The sole is extremely comfortable and is well padded. Its a bit wide on the sides though so I end up having to wear socks. Nonetheless, excellent shoes and are well worth it
B008ZBP7M2 In love with this shoes I can say that these shoes are simply awesome! They are true to size, fits perfectly. My husband was on top of the world when I showed him  this Timberland shoes. They are light,soft and as my husband describes foot-friendly :) So I highly recommend this pair of shoes to everyone.
B008ZBP7M2 Comfy,Light, Stylish Great looking shoes, very lightweight very comfortable. Awesome shoe would definitely recommend, just make sure you buy some waterproofing spray as these shoes are not water proof and will ruin quickly unless treated.
B0090JZSMW Very comfortable shoes! I highly recommend these shoes.  They are very stylish and look good with anything. Way better than the sperry boat shoes!
B0090JZSMW Great shoes! Shoes were comfortable, stylish, size was perfect, and the price was good. Shipping was perfect. Best pair of shoes yet! And with prime, they arrived exactly as promised. Great job amazon and Timberland!
B0090K0YTS A little big, and takes a while to break them in I where size 15 so you could imagine it's difficult to find good looking shoes.  These shoes fit great I got them last week and I'm still breaking them in.  The material on the outside is harder than expected.  And rather comfortable after awhile. I was surprised that they were a bit bigger than my other shoes because that's a rare occurrence. Any they're good quality shoes and should last me a while.
B0090K0YTS Great for the price and style. a size too big. The shoes were the exact look that I was going for. Nice casual shoes that's also eco-conscious. When I tried them on, there was no arch support and the shoes felt a size too big. The shoes are light and walking around in them is comfortable.
B0090X4EJQ comfort for the feet Might be the most comfortable shoes I've ever wore...right out of the box!  Fit perfectly, look nice and wow are they comfortable!  Love these shoes!
B0090X4EJQ Awesome Shoes! All I can say is these shoes are super comfortable. I would definitely buy another pair as soon as I wear these out..lol..Very light, lots of support, I am impressed with this design.
B0090X4EJQ Great Shoes !!! This is my 2nd pair of these shoes.After a couple of years of intense use my first pair finally gave up the ghost.These shoes are comfortable and durable and I really like them.
B0090X4EJQ Not the best looking shoes, but very comfortable for long periods! Have owned several pairs of Timberland shoes in the past.  These are extremely comfortable.  They aren't the greatest looking black shoes for a 30-something but since they are for work I care more about function than looks.  Haven't gotten to wear them yet in the winter to see the performance on ice, but based on other reviews I hope they perform as well as stated.  Overall I'd give these shoes a 7/10 rating with the deductions only for the looks...
B0090X4EJQ HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! !! Very nice shoes...comfortable right out of the box...bought another pair almost immediately,  in brown.  These Timberlands will be my every day shoes for work.
B0090X4EJQ great shoes great shoes , sure ill buy again , somewhat is small in the width but fits right in the length , i love them
B0090X4EJQ Timberland kisco shoes These are nicely consturcted shoes. They go on and off easy. The padding is good through out the shoe .
B0090X4EJQ Anti-fatigue and Comfortable This is one of my favorite shoes I ever owned.  It's so comfortable and stylish to a point I only choose them to wear everyday at work.  I owned many Timberland shoes in the past, and they made differently. Some of them I couldn't wear them for long time and feel tired easily.  However, this Mt. Kisco is Anti-fatigue actually I wear them all day long, walking around without even feeling tired at all.  Excellent shoes! In fact I was just about to pick another pair of these Mt Kisco shoes in different color.
B0090X4EJQ Comfortable Shoes Fit is true to size(13D). I just received the Timberland Mt Kisco slip-on shoes(black) and they are of very high quality. I expect years of wear. They're extremely comfortable. I plan to purchase the other color also.
B0090X4EJQ Shoe Review Shoes are awesome. The are the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased to wear in the office. Recommend them to anyone.
B0090X4EJQ I love these shoes The only thing keeping me from giving these great shoes a 5 star rating is the sole cushion.  Simply put it is too thin.  Otherwise, the shoes are great.  The feature I like best is how easy these shoes are to get on.  I recommend them highly.
B0090X4EJQ Comfortable shoes but a bit loose Maybe it's just me, but these shoes just seem to fit a little loose.  I typically wear a 15 M, which is what I ordered, but these shoes seem to bounce around on my foot.  I think the length is OK, they are just a bit loose on the sides, almost like I need a thicker sock.  As for the shoe itself, it's comfortable and looks nice, but the top shoes scratches pretty easily.  My guess would be that there are better options out there for the price.
B0090X4EJQ great shoes Timberland always make lasting and good quality shoes. I have never been disappointed with Timberland products quality  !!!!  Fits as expected
B0090X4EJQ Comfy Shoes Very comfortable shoes and of good quality. i first bought the brown ones and currently just got em in black also.
B0090X4EJQ Clark's are the Best The shoes are stylish but most important, the are comfortable to wear and walk across the campus all day. If you're looking for a show with these qualities, buy Clark Shoes
B0090X4EJQ Casual dressing shoes Very comfortable shoes, details show quality workmanship. Good for jeans and casual dressing. Only cons would be it does not look like a dressing shoe as outsole us curvy but they look as in picture.
B0090X4EJQ Good for the price Looks old within 2 weeks . I wore them while traveling to Dubai. They are OK shoes. Nothing special. I had a same style shoes  from sketcher . I don't feel any difference in comfort level.
B0090X4EJQ Is it OK to love a pair of shoes? I walk 1.5 to 3 miles in the city every day. My old pair of Timberlands gave out after about 5 years. Actually, they didn't give out, but they were starting to look a bit stressed. I'm so happy that Amazon had the W version of the shoes that my local outpost of a famous, New York based retailer didn't. These shoes are very comfortable and they look great, too.
B0090X4EJQ Great fit I need a difficult to find size for my shoes.  I can always count on Amazon to carry a great selection.  These shoes were very comfortable as soon as I put them on
B0090X4EJQ Comfortable and stylish Gave these shoes to my son for Christmas and he took his old shoes off right there and stated he was very pleased with the fit.
B0090X4EJQ Great Supportive Shoes I work as a respiratory therapist in a hospital and being on my feet all day I need  very supportive shoes. These shoes fit as expected and are very comfortable. I would put them on par with dansko clogs.
B0091225MO The best shoes I ever bought I work for a well known internet retailer and as a result walk some 25,000 steps on a concrete floor every day. I had been purchasing Timberland shoes for a number of years because of their comfort and durability. I went away from the cross-trainer type of shoe to try this out, and I could not be happier. My feet used to hurt at the end of the day, now they don't. I used to order new gel insoles with each pair of new shoes, and did so with this pair. Because of the added bulk of the insoles I would order the next larger size to accommodate them. The terrific insoles that come with the shoes made the extra insole superfluous. The next pair I order will be a size smaller.
B0091225MO Excellent shoes I bought this shoes, because in my job I spend a lot of time stand or walking. Just put on my shoes I felt the difference. Are very confortable and soft.Now, I only have to see the durability. My last pair of work shoes lasted about eight months, so if these last about the same I am satisfied.
B0091225MO soles don't last Very comfortable but soles started peeling after 1 month which causes you to trip on all sorts of stuff. These should be marketed as Hazard shoes instead of safety shoes. I would not recommend.
B0091DVSEO Lover these shoes Always looking to buy Timberland shoes, they are comfortable and love their looksThey are comfortable and breath good - Thanks
B0091DVSEO Great shoes I purchased these for my husband.  He is retired and leads an active life so his footwear must be durable and comfortable.  These shoes fit his active lifestyle and this brand is his first choice.
B0091QISZS Great shoes Great shoes for everyday use and this is one of my top favorite brands. Very well made, good design, very comfortable. very good material and all for a reasonable price. I like them and this is the product I expected.
B0098X5D98 well from all of the positive reviews, I thought that these shoes might be an answer to tiredness. The shoes were good for the first four hours, but after that I still felt tired foot pain.  Sorry Timberland.
B0098X5D98 Love these shoes! Comfortable and cute! I wear these shoes for 12 hour shifts and my feet never hurt. People are contanly complimenting me on how stylish they look.
B0098X5D98 good support shoes! If you are on your feet more than 8 hours a day you cant go wrong with this shoes! They look cute and they are perfectly comfortable.
B0098X5D98 Happy Nurse. Love these shoes!!!! I have always always always had problems with my feet. And due to my profession, of course we are required to wear leather shoes. In which my feet have always be swollen by the end of the day. These shoes not only came in my size, but I was able to also recieve them in a wide. They fit perfect on the days my feet swell, without them feeling too tight. My toes have PLENTY of room and dont feel crowded. When my feet are not swollen, shoes are a little loose in the back but not to a point where they are slipping off or uncomfortable. I cant explain how happy I am with these shoes! I choose Timberland over Dansko and Sanitas most definietly!!!!!!!
B0098X5DAM Worst Shoes Ever After wearing these shoes for three day it was a waist of monies. They hurt my feet to the point of going numb. Worst shoes ever!!!
B0098X5DAM Great nursing shoes I LOVE these shoes. So comfortable for my 12 hr nursing shifts. Easy to clean. Dont have to break them in either.
B0098X5DAM Great shoe! I brought my old shoes to work for the first few days, but never needed them.  I worked 6 very busy 12 hour shifts in a row and my feet that had been killing me in my old shoes felt better and better each night!  My only complaint is they are like clown shoes, but if I have to wear clown shoes for my feet not to hurt, I'll do it.  Great shoe, very comfortable, but a little hot.
B0098X61EO Best shoe for RN! I have tried Dansko's and found them to be like walking on boards.  My husband actually found and ordered these for me.  These are the best nursing shoes ever!  They are very comfortable and require no break in time.  I have back problems as well as foot problems and these shoes leave me feeling great at the end of the day.  Even after working several days back to back I have no complaints- I wish timberland made shoes of this quality (that I like) for my days off!
B0098X6KEU Comfortable shoe the finish on these shoes is painted on. So after a few uses the underlying color shows through. The only reason i'm not thoroughly unhappy is that they are comfortable work shoes.
B0098X6M3E Work shoes The most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn for work, no flexibility at all. I have been a nurse for 24 years and have gone through a lot of shoes. Very disappointed in these shoes. Without any flexibility, my little toes are pinched and the whole foot is uncomfortable. Plus, no air so my feet sweat. The anti odor helps but I do not want sweaty feet while working 12 hours.
B009DL0YD0 Hate this shoes I had this shoes for a wile, I hate them, I put them in the garbage,they are to  narrow and the heal is to tall, is like walking with high heels with no experience, dangerous.
B009DL0YD0 Good value for your dollar I purchased these shoes for my son who is working behind the bar in a new Scottsdale restaurant. He needed no slip, fashionable shoes that would work in wet areas, such as a kitchen or walk in freezer. The shoes are comfortable, stylish and the sizing was accurate for his wide foot.
B009DL0YD0 chef shoes very heavy I ordered size 12 and the shoes were at least 1 size to large.  Shoes were also pretty heavy.  I waited table's for years and the test for these shoes were standing in the same spot for hours. Definitely not for me at that price.  Went with sketcher chef clogs.
B009PNJW5C sizing of Timberland boots I bought the shoes for my grandson. I read the reviews from other people who said that the shoes ran a little big and to order a size smaller. The boots fit very well with some growing room. He was very pleased with the fit. I really like the way the shoes are built with the webbing on the tongue to keep the water and snow out.
B009R8KH18 love them fits great and they help my feet. and i can put them in other shoes that i have  so i rate them a five
B009R8KH18 Good cushion insoles These replacement insoles live up to their name.  I no longer play basketball or run much, but if I did, they are thick enough, resilient enough and cushiony enough that I could.  They fit my size 12 walking shoes with a minimum of trimming.  They are thick, so you need to take that into consideration before getting them.  I recommend  their use in lace shoes and not for slip-ons.  I experimented with them in a pair of slip-on outdoor shoes and they are think enough that the shoes were too tight and uncomfortable across the top of my insteps.  They have good arch support and heel cushioning.
B009R9EJ3E Great replacement insole I must admit that I purchased these insoles to go into a pair of Timberland PRO safety shoes, so the great fit might be better than if going into a different brand of shoes.  I placed the old insole on top of the new, traced a line around the old with a felt tip pen, and trimmed with kitchen scissors.  Really easy and quick, great fit in the shoe, and now my shoes feel like new again.  These were a little more than I would normally spend on replacement insoles, but much better than buying a new pair of safety shoes when nothing else is wrong with them.  I highly recommend.
B009XEYBTA good casual shoes Fit nicely. comfortable. But colour stained on my sock after wearing for whole day.Overall, it is comfortable and I like it!
B009XF0GJ8 Love these shoes! I got them today and they are perfect! First ever in my life (I'm 47 but I feel like 20!:))?!...) that a pair of canvas shoes feel so good on my feet. I have tried converse, vans, espadrilles all my life and the canvas never felt as smooth and comfy as the canvas on this shoes! The sole is light and flexible and I love the fact that I can take the inside sole out and wash it as needed. I can boat, ride my bike, or walk in these shoes and they feel fabulous. They are a bit corky so I can dress down or up, skirts or pants, and shorts or longs. Last Summer in Europe that's what the fashion was: canvas shoes with dressy long or short dresses. I ordered my second pair in plum color.
B009XF0GJ8 These shoes are amazing! These shoes are so comfortable! I am in love with the fit as well as with the color. Great quality!
B009XF0GJ8 great alternative to sneakers I am usually a size 9 but they fit too snug so I returned and got the 9.5 and they are a much better fit. The shoes offer overall comfort and look great with short, capris or pants.  I would recommend these shoes.
B009XF0GJ8 Awesome I love these shoes. They are comfy, stylish and keep my feet cool. They are also non-slip. These are wonderful shoes for the summer.
B009XF0GJ8 Just the right amount of different These shoes aren't typical and that is why I love them!  I do think the fabric stretches a tiny bit making them a little wide, but this is not a reason to not get them.  I may have skinnier feet as well.  Overall, I'm very pleased and I wish the brand had more shoes like these ones.
B009XF0GJ8 Love these Shoes They fit perfectly, they are comfortable, and they go with everything. They are great casual shoes to have. I would recommend getting some kind of shoe cleaner or spray for them though because the material gets dirty very easily.
B009XF0GJ8 one of my best purchases ever i recommend you to buy these shoes if youre still wonderind...high quality, original for sure, very fast shipping and a fair price.i'm really really thankful for my new shoes :)
B00AAPHB2U Comfortable I love these shoes. They're comfortable and after wearing them all day my feet don't hurt. I highly recommend these shoes.
B00AAPHB2U Shoes incorrectly sized. These shoes were at least 2 sizes larger than a normal size 11 and were far narrower than the normal 2E width. Avoid.
B00AAPHB2U Great Shoes These Timberland shoes are outstanding.This is my third pair of shoes, and I havethe black and brown pair. I will keep buying them.
B00AH8FPS2 Great Shoes As Always These shoes are great, son loves them. Hard to find size 15 mens shoes for him but Timberland always comes through. Great quality we have come to know and love with this brand.
B00AQL08YG More than what's expected! These shoes are great! Not only are they fashionable but extremely functional. My 4 yr old loves the fact that we don't have to tie these every time he wears them. If we're in a hurry we can just un-zip the side and slide his feet right in. I highly recommend these shoes!
B00AQNN7K6 Great shoes This were great shoes for my son. Great design and quality. Fits as expected. You can purchase them without worries.
B00AQNPMGS great shoes got these for my daughter.  she seems to be rough on shoes.  it was great to get a quality shoe at such a low price.
B00AR1XL2G I really needed new boots for trumping around These are kids shoes.  I am an adult female who typically wears size 6 - 6 & 1/2 in shoes.  Over the years, I've discovered that I can fit into boys shoes, and that these shoes are often significantly less expensive than women's shoes.  These boots are no exception (if you're interested in this line of thinking, you can find running/workout shoes or boots for FANTASTIC deals in comparison to what we typically pay.  Like I said, I usually wear a women's size 6 - 6 & 1/2, and depending on the shoes, I could wear a 4-5 in boys).  Good luck!
B00AR3GB9O Flexible, sturdy and great velcro! Bought this for a child with special needs (down syndrome) I was worried that they would be too hard or heavy for his delicate feet but I was surprised at how flexible yet sturdy this shoes are and light! He loved them instantly; specially since the shoes have Velcro and he cannot do shoes with shoe-laces without the help of an adult. Now he seems to have more confidence on putting his big kid boots! Highly recommend them!
B00AR3GB9O Good shoes Shoes fit well and the Velcro will make it much easier for kids to put on and take off by themselves. Nice looking boots.
B00AR58UIC I love these shoes !! I always wanted these shoes and now I finally have them they fit great and they look amazing !!!! !!
B00AR58UIC Shoes My brother truly loves these shoes. They shipped as expected and they do not scuff. Perfect for snowy and icy days!
B00ARIVHXO it not the first pair of shoes Timberlend the size corresponds.my son will carry them in the fall so while I can't tell anything.But it not the first pair of shoes Timberlend so I am quiet for quality.
B00AW7M97S Very pleased with these shoes Im on my third day of breaking them in and they are already feeling very comfortable. They seem like solidly constructed shoes with a sturdy zipper.
B00AW7RBGC Great Boot I love these boots. I am very happy with Timberland Shoes. They fit perfect as do the other shoes I have purchased from Timberland.
B00AW8J5RE great shoes!!!! I can't wait for this boots to be ship cuz i know i will love it and i did. Great shoes n i will recommend it to those ladies who wants to have it. I got compliments when i 1st wear this shoes. I'm size 7 but after reading those reviews i choose 7.5M, it's comfortable.
B00AZ84GQQ Very cool shoes number 1 Good shoes but the picture is more beautiful, it should be noted that the shoes are actually more vivid picture while Frequently expecting dark dark I muks many beautiful and modern. A little disappointed, but still good. Amazon advises image change
B00AZPO1BY Very comfortable, fitted, stylish shoes These shoes will remind you why the brand and fit selection matter.  A great combination of sturdiness, comfort and style.
B00AZPO1BY Great shoes! These shoes are very comfortable. And they seem like they will be pretty durable. I wear them outside and I've gone through puddles  and mud and had no problems. I wouldn't use them as heavy duty work shoes, but they seem like they will hold up pretty well.
B00AZPO1BY Sharp looking shoes These shoes are super comfortable.  Timberland has always been my favorite shoe brand for rugged, winter months and these have lived up to the name.
B00AZPO1BY Very Comfortable Needed a new pair of shoes before I went out of town and got these.  Walked miles and miles (literally) while I was out of town and these shoes were great!  Very light and comfortable.  They are almost spongy inside.  Can't say enough about how comfy they are.  The only gotcha is the size.  I usually wear 10.5 and after some research learned I needed to go a bit smaller, so I got 10.  Highly recommend.
B00AZPO1BY Sad The shoe has a lot of cushion and I could not tell that they would slip on my heel until I wore them a day.  Now I am stuck with brand new shoes I cannot wear because Amazon will not let you exchange them if you have worn them.  The shoe seems very nice like all Timberland shoes but these fit a 1/2 size larger than other styles I have purchased by them.  Burn and learn I guess.  No more online shoes for me.
B00AZPO1BY Gr8 shoes very comfortable and very light, good for work & casual wearing, highly recommend. I usually wear size 9, but for this one, 8.5 is totally fit.
B00AZPO1BY Excellent shoes I love this kind of shoes. I use them for work or going out. They are comfy....I like timberland
B00AZPO1BY Timberland shoes I don't have to much to say but This shoes Are perfect for me because they are confortable and elegant
B00AZPO1BY Good Looks,, Good Fit As expected these Timberland shoes are fantastic.  They&#8217;re light weight, comfortable, look great and fit perfectly.  I learned a long time ago that Timberland makes a great product.  I highly recommend these shoes.
B00AZPO1BY Cozy More comfortable to wear shoes&#65292;Size is more appropriate.Shoes are relatively rigid,Good workmanship, style is also consistent picture.The overall more satisfied,Favorable comment.
B00AZPO1BY The best shoes in the world I had a lot of trouble finding shoes that were comfortable. These exceeded my expectations. I feel like I could run a marathon in these!  I bought a lot of them just to have
B00AZPO90W A PAIR OF CHUKKA BOOTS YOU WILL LOVE! My Timberland shoes arrived yesterday. I had originally found them on Timberland's website for $185.00. On amazon I saved $50.00. At either price, they are well worth it. As soon as they arrived I put them on and loved the look and the feel. I wore them all day and well into the evening. It's as if they came broken in.Though I am aware of some of the complaints on sizing, I too at first thought they were a little bit large. I had even called Timberland to inquire about their sizing, measured the length of my foot and sure enough, I was a size 9 on Timberland's chart as well as others. After wearing them for the day I realized that Timberland knew what they were doing. The shoes fit and are comfortable.I usually don't get excited about a pair of shoes, CD's yes, books yes, but shoes?Timberland has certainly gained a customer here!
B00AZPO90W Great shoes A very soft leather, not very heavy,very comfortable to wear, and cool, great shoes,  will buy this brand next time&#12290;
B00AZPO90W Good looking, very comfortable shoes These shoes are very good.They look good, especially in brown.They are very comfortable. One could practically go jogging in these shoes.
B00AZPOIF8 shoes Shoes are a little small but comfortable.  Same type I always wear for work.  Would order again when needed.. .Thanks
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes! Great shoes! All day I go and look at them :) I love them almost! Be sure to buy more Timberland.
B00AZPOIF8 fit great, high quality, comfortable this was the only pair of shoes that i wore during a recent 2-week trip to europe.  i easily put 15-20 miles per day on them, and they really were fantastic shoes.  i've owned quite a few pairs (of this brand and others) that have caused me a great deal of foot pain, but these were wonderful in that regard.  they're not super-fancy by any means, but are a decent-looking pair of highly-versatile shoes that are designed well, constructed well and seem like they will last me a long time.  A+, Timberland.
B00AZPOIF8 Great Shoes! The quality of this pair of shoes are phenomenal; they look and feel great. I can wear them with a pair of jeans or with more formal slacks and they never let me down.The only drawback was the long time it took to get them delivered. However, this is only a minor issue that should be overlooked. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend!
B00AZPOIF8 Nice shoes. I am pleased with the quality and comfort of the shoes.  They look as expected, maybe a smidge better.
B00AZPOIF8 The shoes looked fine. No complaints there With the exception of New Balance athletic shoes, I am having difficulty getting shoes that fit. When I order shoes of the same size that have worked for me in the past they are either too large or too small. This varies by brand so it's kinda of a guessing game. It's getting a bit frustrating but as long as Amazon takes them back with no trouble on thier nickel, I guess I will try again.The shoes looked fine . No complaints there.
B00AZPOIF8 I like light running shoes These fit a little narrow and although they are decent-looking shoes, they are kind of lightweight for my taste.  I like light running shoes, be these feel like they are hollow.  Last issue, the shoe strings are nylon or something and no matter how tightly I tie my shoes, it seems they always loosen-up/come untied a couple times a day.  I might have to start double-knotting...
B00AZPOIF8 Absurdly comfortable and very durable so far I almost never write reviews.  These shoes are worth the exception.  They look a little sharper than the usual plain-toe oxfords owing to the contrasting stitiching.  Once I put them on, I was sold.  They fit very nicely through the foot.  The insoles they come with from the factory are extremely cushioned and comfortable - as good or better than after-market insoles you would pick up at the drug store to make so-so shoes more comfortable.  Also, these shoes are really light compared to other brands' oxfords.  I come home from work and don't immediately want to take off the shoes and put up my feet on the recliner.  It was never clear until these shoes just how much of a difference good shoes can make on your energy level.Something that wasn't quite as expected was the length of the toe.  There is extra room in the toe box (size 11).  It isn't a deal breaker, though.  They don't feel awkward or clumsy at all.  If you have a chance to try them on, try your regular size and then a half size smaller.
B00AZPOIF8 Orange on the Inside These are really good shoes.  They do everything I want them to do, plus they are orange on the inside, which is cool.  I reserve 5 stars for shoes that really change my life, so these get 4 because although they are fine footwear, they can't fly or anything.
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes! Timberland has always made good products and these are no exception.  These shoes fit true to size and are comfortable.  The only problem with leather is that they can get scratched easily, so be careful.....otherwise, they look great as a business causal shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 Very comfortable and light These shoes look very resistant. They are perfect for my son who usually wears out shoes very quickly. The inside has a stuffed pad that makes the foot feels loose but protected.
B00AZPOIF8 i'm chinese.Shoes long but thin. I'm chinese.Shoes is longer than the foot 1 cm, but a bit thin, want to have 6 2E US.Shoes is very comfortable
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoes Comfortable, Timberland quality! Timberland shoes have been the most durable I have owned.  Keep up the good work; this pair should stand up to the elements.
B00AZPOIF8 Good Shoe Strong and sturdy shoes good leather Timberland always has quality shoes my father loves them. They are also very comfortable.
B00AZPP54Q Great casual shoes Nice casual shoes, well made.  Great for sockless wear.  Simple clean design.  Fit is same as the canvas version of this shoe.
B00AZPPEQ0 Comfort shoes Colour is much darker than the picture. Fit perfect and great shoes would be nicer if colour is lighter tks amazon
B00AZPPEQ0 I am dissapoint. Unfortunately these shoes run large, about a size, and ordering half a size down was not enough. The return was painless and followed by an incredibly quick refund.That being said, I will have to wait until the coming fall for another chance at these shoes (or ones like them). When you don't buy shoes regularly you forget that things can be seasonal. Bummer.
B00AZPPEQ0 My second pair! Nice shoes for cold and warm weather. I would reccomend these shoes for everyone that looks for something confortable and durable. It also has a simple but good style.
B00AZPPEQ0 Timberland Earthkeepers City Chukka Boot Quality shoes as Timberland always does. Colour is darker than photo and heavier than expected. Overall, it is a good shoes for outdoor and I like it.
B00AZPPEQ0 Besides size the shoes are Great! Really enjoy these shoes. They are the perfect blend between ruggedness and design, Practical yet looks good. I highly recommend it.
B00AZPPEQ0 Comfortable shoes. Great comfortable shoes. Will buy again. Will recommend to a friend. Fits true size. Looks quite simple and non descript.
B00AZPPEQ0 best fit shoe Very comfortable and elegantly looking. Just what you need for a casual or corporate look. I bought the shoes with little expectation but when I received it, the shoes look better in reality
B00AZPPEQ0 Very comfortable shoes These are very high quality comfortable shoes. They run half size large. I usually wear 9, but 8.5 M fit me well. I have worn them through 2013 winter. They look classy and pretty much go well on any pants.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great Shoe These shoes look good and are pretty comfortable. As everyone indicates they fit pretty big so I had to size right down. I generally wear 11 or 12 but for these shoes I had to get them in 101/2. Its fine length wise but they do fit a bit narrow. I've been wearing them more and more and they are stretching out a bit. I've had them for about a week and they're my go to shoes these days.We've yet to have a wet day since I got them so I'll have to put them to the test when it rains to see how they are. Otherwise, I really like these shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 upper of the shoes,left is higher than right before a few days,i have send a email ,about my shoes,upper of the shoes,left is higher than right,why no answer? and how can i upload my photos about the problem of the shoes
B00AZPPL7C Work shoes I bought these for my son who needed some comfortable work shoes. He says the shoes are great fitting. However, they are slippery on a wet and greasy floor. He said he will wear them for any new job interviews where he needs a more stylish shoe.
B00AZPS9W6 perfect shoes my sizes is 13 when i take sports shoes, however, the sizes11 is fit me.  it is perfect shoes and good quality price cheap, i  am very like it
B00AZPS9W6 Great shoes! Love those shoes. Beautiful, resistant, comfortable. I definitely suggest you to buy those.The only thing is that I have received extra laces of a different color but for a shoe only. No big deal. I definitely recommend you to buy. Timberland is a status symbol shoes! Great product!
B00AZPSY1M Great shoes These shoes come with both a set of brown laces and pink laces so you can make them as bright or as simple as you want. They fit well on my slightly wide feet and they have special insoles that make them really comfortable to walk in. Normally I have a break in period with shoes and these were pretty comfortable right from the start.They fit true to size, not too small or too big.
B00AZPSY1M Comfortable pair of shoes This pair of Timberland shoes has the perfect fit for size 7.5 Asian feet size. Comfortable, stylish and highly recommended.
B00AZPSY1M Confort and elegance Beautiful combination of colors. Very elegant and casual at the same time. Size fit perfect. Best of this shoes is that they come with an insole that make you feel you walk on air, very soft very relaxing. Incredible shoes.
B00B0DPJX4 Gift for a hard working women The shoes took a few days for her to break them in.  Today she is very happy with the shoes and feels very safe working in them.She works in a warehouse setting and bumping into wooden pallets all day and pulling heavy loads with pallet jacks have not been a concern any longer since acquiring these work shoes.Could not find a work shoe such as these any where other than Amazon.
B00B7FHH3U good shoes I tried on the shoes before I bought them and then I just order them through Amazon cuz it was cheaper.I gotta say I ordered them on Friday got them on Sunday I was surprised it came so fast cause I have Amazon Prime is settled be here Monday so I guess it was great. Usually I buy warranty issues are okay I work with chemicals to eat up the shoes so no matter what should I buy they last for about 6 months.
B00B7GE8ZY good shoes these are very good shoes for a great price. The right shoe has some sort of glue stuck on the ankle
B00B7GRUKY fit perfect! Light weight great fit and very comfortable!!!!  I should have purchased these shoes a very long time ago!  thanks timberland for making these shoes!!!
B00B7GRUKY Extremely comfortable shoe I've always had a problem with regular shoes let alone safety shoes, so I was quite (happily) surprised with this one.  It is the first shoe in years that I haven't had to use gel inners for.One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.
B00B7GRUKY nice shoes reary nice shoes .i drive turck12hours everyday&#12288;.this shoes realy comfortable.i recommend this shoes.and look so cool.thanks timberland.great shoes i love it
B00B7H6M8Y The most fashionable slip resistant shoes available These shoes are great, they were slightly uncomfortable at first but broke in very well
B00B7H74CC Nice shoes with some drawbacks! Shoes are comfortable and true to size. However, after wearing only twice I have several scuffs on the toe area. Also, these shoes have an odd, very strong chemical smell!
B00B7H7M4C wonderful! The best shoes!  So comfortable and pretty at the same time.  I am a nurse and NEED comfortable shoes.  The color is my favorite and I get so many compliments on these shoes!
B00B822FH0 The shoes fit! The shoes fit!A single shoe size is generally more appropriate, width is also very suitable.Buy some shoes size are quite different!
B00B822FHK Not my style The shoes are okay for the price but not very comfortable. I don't like the look or the fit. I will be returning.
B00B822FHK Great Shoes I have only been wearing the shoes for about a week now and the only complaint I have is the laces keep untying but I'll buy new ones that wont.  The shoes are comfortable and I have no complaint but they are not a soft and squishy as say a pair of sneaker, but they are certainly much comfier than any flat dress shoes.  I have wide feet with a high arch and if you measured my feet I am probable 9 / 9.5 wide but I always buy size 10 because hardly and shoe my measurements fits properly.  Happy to say to say that the 10 wide is a smig big, I wont be returning them as its not to much but its nice to have shoe be sized properly.  Great shoes I do recommend them.
B00B822FHK fashionable shoes i like timberland's design, this shoes is very good, i like it, by the way this weight is very light because the material of midsole is EVA
B00B82674M Worst Timberland pair of shoes I've had This is my first day using this shoes and I'm just dying to go back to the hotel and take them off. (I purchased them in amazon and they shipped them to my hotel).They are nice looking, the sole is comfortable, BUT the heel fit is horrendous, its inclination makes it to rub against your heel.  I'm not lying, I currently have red spots for this rubbing in my heels, I really hope these don't transform into blisters.I've never had a single problem with Timberland shoes in the past, I'm a 10.5 in size and they didn't fit at all as I expected.  Maybe if my socks would be more thick I could have not suffered as much as I am right now, but this is a shoe fitment problem, period.
B00B82674M Great Shoes Timberland is a pretty good serious brand when it comes to footwear.I own a few pairs but these are my ultimate favorite. They DO take a couple of days to adjust but after you are walking on clouds. Will buy them again and again. Sizing is Perfect. One thing though, I wish they had more colors including black. Great Shoes.
B00B82674M Now On my legs now and very cool shoes
B00B82674M Perfect Shoes! VERY confortable shoes. They look really nice... totally worth it! its a 6 star recomendation. Love this brand. best of best.
B00B82677E odd color, and hurts your feet. I received these shoes and was excited to wear them, as i needed a comfy everyday shoes with walkability. the shipping and handling was fine, they fit fine at first, but when i tried walking for a few minutes they'd start hurting my achilles, trust me it was very discomforting. i had to take them off only after a few minutes of shoes. bad engineering.
B00B83QG06 A great look, a great fit, but not a durable shoe For whatever reason the folks at Timberland did not put real rubber on the entire bottom of these shoes.  In those areas where the rubber is not real (some sort of softer rubber that is not fit for the soles of shoes) the shoes get worn out very quickly.  Again - I cannot think of a good reason for not coating the entire bottom of a walking shoe with rubber.  WTF amazon.  I estimate that these 100 dollar shoes will last 3 months because the tread will wear out quickly on the unprotected portions of the sole (after 1 week I can see the wear).  Very disappointed.
B00B83W7W2 Great shoe option at a decant price! I Love them! These shoes are light, comfortable, & stylish. I would recommend these shoes to anyone (a real bargain)!
B00B83W7W2 great shoes i like timberland's design, the shoes is very breathable because the surface is not made by leather.the size is true. i like it
B00B9PIUS4 good shoes I tried on these shoes and they are a bit more than necessary, but it is not a problem at all. color same as the picture. I liked. good shoes
B00B9PS9VC My husband's elfin shoes... I think we have finally found the perfect pair of home knock around shoes to replace a totally disreputable pair of worn out and worn over Topsiders.
B00B9PS9VC Great shoes My husband absolutely loved this shoe.  He has neuropathy so shoes are very important to his well being.  He said it felt like he had slippers on with support.
B00BB7BX66 fantastic I was a little nervous ordering shoes online without trying them on, but these have turned out to be the most comfortable shoes I can recall owning.  Today is the first day wearing them and they fit fine and don't need any sort of break-in period, they feel like I've had them for years.  Very impressed.
B00BB7BX66 Great Looking Shoes These are some nifty looking shoes.  While not the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn I can be on my feet for a while and not feel fatigued too quickly.
B00BB7BX66 Great shoes These shoes are really comfortable and well made. They are lighter duty than other Timberland work boots I have bought in the past but still able to handle the tough environment on the job site.
B00BB7BX66 good shoes, timberland needs to work on their inserts though I like these shoes, they're stylish and yet rugged...wish they would put softer inserts though. Also, wish they were a bit warmer as we are entering the north-east winter
B00BCJV7H8 Great shoes, recommend getting 1/2 size bigger I had to return the shoes to get a 6.5 because the 6 was too small (I normally wear a 6).  The 6.5 is perfect and I love the shoes!!!
B00BCJV7H8 very nice pair of shoes at reasonable price Love the shoes. Very warm and fit true to size. Looks very well built and will last a long time. Got it at 20% off great deal!
B00BCJV7J6 Timberland Comfortable WP Boot I walk it around the apt. and it feel so comfortable. I have not tried it out yet since when It arrived its no longer snowing. I love it . I just need a longer socks with it.  I know I'll like to wear it on hiking. I wish timberland have more style in size 5.5. thanks Timberland for a very comfortable shoes. I have been looking for this type of shoes for a long time.
B00BCJV7J6 Nice shoes for nice price I bought this shoes just because there was no more choices in my size since everyone switched of spring styles but I like them. They are definitely not the warmest shoes in the world but they are fine. They are quiet comfortable and fit perfect
B00BCJW35I Wrong shoes I was very exited to get this shoes since I would used them to work. But when I opened them and put them on I realize they sent me the same side of shoe for both feet; plus they are heavier than I expected. I am completely disappointed and upset.
B00BCJXLHW heavy for my feet They are nice shoes but I returned them because they are too heavy and I bought them for walking in the first place.other then that they are fine.I forgot I used to wear Dr.Martens shoes in highschool and how heavy they were.
B00BCJXLHW Perfect shoes I bought this for my mom, she expect the shoes to be warm and comfortable. Apparently, this timberland shoes meet my mom's requirement. I am glad she loves them. As for the size, I normally wear a 7.5 for the 6-inch, my mom's feet is a little smaller than me, and for this pair, size 7.5 fits her perfectly.
B00BCJXLHW Great shoes! Those shoes are great - they are very comfortable and relatively light. I love the color. But they are VERY VERY warm.
B00DYQRLGS Absolutely love these shoes Fits perfect, very comfortable and stylish. A little pricey, but that is typical with the Timberland name. Well worth the money for a pair of shoes I hope to get many opportunities to wear.
B00DYQRLGS Love these shoes! These shoes are so comfortable - I can wear them all day. I get lots of compliments on them too!
B00DYQVWZ4 I love this shoe! Great quality and very comfortable, too! I will definitely order the Timberland brand again. I have already worn these shoes to work, where I am on my feet constantly, and they were comfortable the first time I wore them.
B00DYQVWZ4 Great shoes This are so comfortable, I have had so many people see my shoes and ask me where I got them!!
B00DYQVWZ4 super comfortable! I was in two minds whether to buy these shoes or not. However I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and comfort! These are great shoes, super comfortable and go with lots of things.From now on I am a fan of  Timberland brand! I am going to order a few more of a slightly different style.
B00DYQY2XI Love my purchase These shoes are comfortable. The quality is great. The color is a bit more vibrant than it appears online. I have been wearing these shoes everyday since I received them. I received these shoes very fast after purchasing.
B00E41SQIO Shoes I really like these shoes . They are comfortable. I would be checking on getting some more one day soon
B00E41SQIO comfortable easily my most comfortable pair of shoes. They look sharp and work well with a lot of colors. Definitely would recommend
B00E41TU4I Nice and Perfect Great shoes, arrived as per scheduled. Love it very much and after a couple of days wearing, it is comfortable. Now has become my daily shoes to anywhere I go. Thanks.
B00E41UGSC i like this shoe very much so far it is larger than most 9.5 shoes.  i wear a 10 in merrells.  i think the 9.5 will work because they are snug with a little wiggle room in toes.maybe my other shoes are too tight and that's why i keep searching for the perfect pair that will not hurt my feet.merrell jungle mocs, tan suede, are the only shoes i have worn in years that make my feet feel good.  i tried the green/grey merrell mocs and my feet hurt.  but i think the mocs are ugly and keep searching for a good looking comfortable shoe.these timberland crawley slip on look great imo.  once i have had the shoes  a while, i will update for comfort and durability.
B00E41Y0E8 Plain toe chukka boot Need to wear thin socks so shoes can fit me. As a result of this shopping experience, I'll just buy all my clothes and shoes in stores. If I'll spend over a hundred bucks on shoes, it better feel like it.
B00E41Y0E8 very nice shoes Very comfortable shoes. I bought them for work where I do a lot of walking and I'm very happy with them.
B00E41ZKZQ Perfect Comfort Shoe Great shoes. These shoes are very comfortable to wear and fit according to size. Would buy another pair no questions asked.
B00E5I40YK comfortable I prefer comfort over fashion.  These shoes are both comfortable and fashionable. Also has a rubber type sole so I can wear them on the boat.
B00EALTP4M Timberland Pro Series I loooooove these shoes, they fit perfectly & are extremely comfortable. this is a great line for the working feet & are so comfortable. No  ' new shoes break 'me in' pain whatsoever. Amaze balls. :)
B00EALU18Q shoes I ordered a 9.5 but got a 9. This the  second time that I have ordered shoes with thewrong sizein the box. Will not purchase again.
B00EALU18Q It's a wow I purchased 2 Timberland pro recently, regular sizes 7 and 7 1/2.  I normally wear 7 with Dansko and had no problems.  But I got tired of their styles.  So I decided to switch up since I own a lot of shoes by Timberland except for working shoes.  Unfortunately, 2 pairs that i purchased  doesn't fit me right. The sides of the shoes touches my ankle bone.  My feet get sore and the bone underneath my toes are killing me every time I walk,  So I had to return it.  I ordered 7 1/2 in wide(C-D).... And they delivered it so fast.  This new pair is like  night and day.  No pains.  No blisters...just very happy. Fun looking...  Highly recommended!
B00EHHKWMS Great Shoe I love Timberland shoes.  Hoping they will come out with more colors. My feet never ever hurt in these shoes.
B00EHHKWMS Love these shoes Enjoyed wearing these shoes.  They fit true to size and were extremely comfortable. They aren't very forgiving at the top of the shoe, but they don't rub and it being tight doesn't make it uncomfortable.
B00EHHKWMS like the shoes, an love the design Shoes fit well and are comfortable for almost 12 hours straight, not to heavy either. Would buy another pair when needed!
B00ENZQ2X2 Good shoes The width is smaller, a little pinch&#12290;Hope can be produced some wide size shoes&#65292;There are more preferential discount the best
B00ENZQ2X2 Comfortable Great pair of very comfortable shoes. Unlike many shoes, these were comfortable from the first time I put them on. They seem durable and well made.
B00ENZQ2X2 Great Shoes The shoes are very comfortable and color is as advertised.  I wear these shoes most evenings when going shopping or just out to do yard work and they have held up very well for the last month.  Cleaning them is easy, I put them in the washer on delicate and when done I set them out to air dry.  I have not had problems with them shrinking and they did not rub my heel raw.I recommend these shoes!
B00ENZQO26 Great shoes The quality and materials are awesome, very light and comfortable shoes. 9 US fits great for 41.5 EUR. Thank you!
B00ENZSK3M Generally like Timberland shoes Generally like Timberland shoes, but I have a narrow foot . . . although marked Medium width, these boat shoes fit more like a EE. But, I'm keeping them anyway :)
B00GSPIZJY Nice shoes but not exactly what I was expecting. Feels and looks smaller than most shoes I've owned and color is more reddish-brown that the images would suggest. Shoes are made of leather (I guess) but it's somewhat half way between smooth leather and suede (not what I was expecting). Impact on my feet is a little much since there is minimal padding and a thick, dense rubber sole. Other than my previous comments, I like them.
B00H46N3TI If only it was a tad shorter This isn't quite fair - I'm not a man using these in boat shoes.  I have wide feet, size 10 or 10.5 E in women's.  Most women's sock liners are a bit too tight.These are wonderful in so many ways.  I love the grip under the pad of my foot, as well as at the heel.  The fit is excellent.  My only compliant is that there is a bit too much material at the top of the toe area.  For many of my shoes, the liner shows.  But, as noted, they are listed for boat shoes - they would work excellent for that.If only they would make ones for ladies who wear size 9 to 12, with all the same great characteristics, but an inch less material on the top of the toes!
B00H46N3TI These are great to wear with my boat shoes These are nice.  I wear a size 12 shoe.  I ordered 2 sets.  I also ordered another brand (Mabau), but I wish I had bought more of these.  Neither of the brands have problems slipping, but these are better at not showing in my boat shoes.
B00H46N3TI Good for boat shoes These are pretty good socks for boat shoes.  The back heel rubbery stuff keeps it on your foot.  I wish they were a little bit more covering but they work.The logo on the bottom of the sock is very grippy on slick floors.
B00I2UXJYO My own fault they are too big I;m female and bought these shoes for camping, they r mens shoes and I took an educated guess, I ordered 91/2 but they are too big, however my daughter wears an 11, they fit her great and she loves them, they are great shoes and i will be ordering another pair for myself
