B000073TM3 great pair of boots! I ordered these Timberland Field Boots for my 7 yr. old to wear back to school, and I'd have to say I'm very satisfied withthe product and the overall service. I was a bit hesitant to order them because i feared that the size would be wrong. but the sizing chart helped out with that a they fit well,also they arrived a bit earlier than the noted shipping date which i a plus for me.
B000073TM3 These run a little large I ordered these for myself I wear a size 8 1/2 in womens shoes & a size 7 youth usually fits great for me. These are a little large, I wish I would have gone with a 6 1/2. but other than that the price was great & I love the boots.
B000073TM3 New Size Need another size bigger he wears a size 9T instead of 7.5. Was wondering what did I have to do to replace them
B000073TM3 Yeah!!! These are really Great boots,............ I would recommend these for any growing boy, or girl,............ Just buy a half size larger!!!!!!
B00009WM7J SIZING IS WAY OFF but great quality I wish they would list a size cross reference chart. Cause the boot says 6.5 US but 39 EUR which really equates to 8.5 US womens. Bought for my daughter for xmas is says toddler/little kid/big kid so I thought she petite 6 is her size perfect! NOT the shoes fit me & I am am 8.5 now I can even get her size for the same price. Great quality though just need to work out the sizing issue
B00009WM7J Best pair of boots I own I usually fit a size 36/37 and decided to get the Big Kid size 4 (cheaper than the mens/womens version!) and it fits me well! It's not too snug nor too loose, I just wear some thick socks and I'm good to go!
B00009WM7J Great! So comfortable and durable. Arrived in two days and I'm highly satisfied. I wear a size 7.5-8 in women's but got the 5.5 in kids.... You save lots of $$$$.
B00009WM7J Perfekt I'm an adult female and have size 8. I bought these in size 6.5 and they fit perfekt.If you have the same size, buy them. You save a lot of money! :)
B00009WM7J Sizing... They came in the correct size but are at least a half size larger than my other size 5 big kids Timberland 6 inch boots... LOTS of extra toe space and they are wider.
B00009WM7J Great boots, great look If you're an adult able to wear a boy's shoe size, the conversion chart is true.  We bought small based on reviews that the shoe runs a bit smaller, but we had to exchange for the true conversion chart size.  This is an excellent product.
B00009WM7J Women's Size 5 I bought these for my daughter, who wears a size 5. They fit perfectly and she loves them. Buying the kids size saved money as well.
B00009WM7J they're beautiful I absolutely idolize Kylie Jenner's sense of style, so I had to purchase a pair of Timberlands. They were delivered super fast and I got a really good deal on them since I bought them in children's size. I am a size 7 (sometimes a 6.5) in women's and I got these shoes in a children's size 5.5. They fit great! They're kind of heavy, so it takes a while to get used to walking in them but they look amazing. These shoes are very durable and great quality, so you can tell that they'll last for a long time.
B00009WM7J Good sturdy boots I'm an adult female who has great difficulty finding women's shoes small enough to fit. These boys' size 4 are perfect and the boot is very sturdy and attractive (as hiking boots go). I will buy this brand and size every time I need new ones from now on. I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
B00009WM7J Stylish boots Love the style, however had to send them back because they were 2 sizes to large.  Thought I needed a size 7 needed 5.
B00009WM7J great Shoe is everything I expected it to be. It fits true to size and comes in original packaging. Love them!
B00009WM7J best buy!!!! I knew I could trust amazon with a new product. I didnt want to pay mall prices for a pair of these boots, or travel cost. And with the cold weather coming up, I knew it would take me to go to a few malls to find these shoes. Easy order, not a size I would buy but when I recieved them, perfect fit. Not too small not too big. I usually wear a 8 1/2 to 9 women. Ordered a 7w and I am definetly satisfied.
B00009WM7J pretty great! ive always wanted a pair of tims but they are soooo expensive, i chose the boys size because they are usually much cheaper and i have pretty small feet and can usually wear boys sizes. i bought the 5.5W and i normally wear a women's size 7.5 and they fit great! they are a bit wide (but most boys shoes are) and a bit too big but fit perfectly with ticker socks
B00009WM7J Sizing I was unsure of what size to buy but in tennis shoes I normally wear a size 7.5 or 5.5 in boys so I was unsure of what size to get because these run just a little bit bigger than normal shoes. I went with the 5.5 and its just a little bigger than my foot but that works for me because a 5 would've been too small. I would just go with my normal size when buying, going down might be too tight.
B00009WM7J Perfection I'm a size 6 in women and these shoes fit well with a 4M. They are beautiful and waterproof which I like
B00009WM7J Size Problem is,I read peoples posts and since one person was a similar size as me which is 6-6.5 so she ordered a boys 5. I went to order and all that was left was boys large 5. They are a bit large in the foot/toe area. Otherwise they are mint and new with the great grooves in the bottoms.
B00009WM7J I need help picking a size I wanna order these real bad, but not sure what size i usually wear a size 7 or 7.5 should i order that size? Please let me know! im going to order in big kid, so leave me comment please
B0000AFSX4 Seller sent one size larger than i have ordered I have ordered Timberland 6-Inch Premium Waterproof Boot (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Wheat Nubuck,9 M US Toddler for my daughter. It was written that Toddler  9 M- 25  -  8 -  6 1/8 - 15.6 and it came 26 one size larger that i expected. and the size written o the boot is 26.be attentive while choosing the size for children.
B0000AFSX4 the size didn't match we order for big kid unfortunately it didn't fit I  send it back today for refundthe size table for toddler and bid kids is not correct
B0000AFSX4 Bigger size There to small need a bigger size so he can wear them an enjoy them thanks you how do I get a bigger size
B0000AFSYY Help I wonder what size can i wear in these if i my size is 6.5 in women? please help me
B0000AT8CK Boots These were a Christmas present and they sent the wrong size.  Now I have to go through the hassel of returning them.
B0000AT8CK Nice. Love it  ! Make sure to buy down a size. I wear an 11, so I bought a 10. Enjoy.
B0000AT8CK Loving themmmmm!!! Omg! My boots came a day early. I was so exited. They were more than I expected and I ordered a half a size down from my size. They fit perfectly. You can wear these shoes with anything. Whoop whoop!
B0000AT8CK Nice boots I really like these boots. I read tons of reviews for days before I bought these boots. This is because I wanted to purchase the correct size. I am a size ten women and my feet are a bit wider than usual, so I have problems with purchasing shoes at times. After reading the reviews about the shoe size being a bit large, I went ahead and purchase a size 9.5 W and they fit perfectly. I do not need to break them in since they feel very comfortable. I would think twice about going down a whole shoe size. But that would depend on how wide or narrow your feet are. My boots look so good with skirts and jeans. I would highly recommend them, and for the price it is unbeatable, since timberland women boots cost around $160 on other websites. The shipping was fast within amazon recommended time of delivery.
B0000AT8CK SOOOOO good. Tims rule. I did order a half size down from my normal sneaker size (8) and its perfect. I wouldn't go a full size down if you want to fit thick socks on with them though. Stiff at first, but starting to break in really well. Will get softer after I oil them, too. Such a god product, my feet have been so warm. I live in north eastern ohio where it is COLD in the winter.
B0000DFAXV Exchanging it true size I liked it, but I needed to get a smaller size because the sizes are true sizes. thought i need a larger size but I did not. So I am exchanging it for that purpose only.
B0000DFAXV I love these boots! I chose a 5 star for several reasons:1. The shoes fit exactly as expected. Explained on the size-link to buy 1 size bigger, I did--the boots fit perfectly.2. Rugged, but comfortable and attactive.3. Delivery was faster than expected.4. Packing was good, in the Timberland box.I would highly recommend this product to any and all.
B0001CNJ9Q Adorable booties and hat The booties and cap arrived very quickly and were adorable.  The only issue was that i didn't see a size chart.  Size 0 is to birth to 3 mos, size 1 is 3-6 mos, size 2 is 6-9 months.  As a result I purchased the wrong size - I will try to update once I hear from seller to see how exchange or return worked out, and the little guy has actually tried them out.
B0007T4IGG rbertpni These shoes were great my husband oved them. We ordered the wrong size, we returned them which was really easy and then we reordered with the right size. It was very easy and it came in a week.
B0007T4IGG Not My Regular Size - SUPER BOOT Didn't realize Timberlands ran as large as they do (at least in certain styles).  Got a size 13 as a Christmas gift and was stoked!  Tried them on - ohhhh noooooo!  My feet were swimming in them, width and length.  Back they went.  BUT I loved the look and feel of them so much I was on a mission to find them in a size 12 at a decent price ... but I needed them FAST.  Within a day, success!  Fortunately they arrived in time for me to wear them during my post-Christmas vacation in NY.  Walked around the city in them, wore them constantly, trudged through snow and ice, and they were a lifesaver.  The worst weather was upon us but I'm happy to say the Timberland 6&#34; Basic Leather Boot (Black) stood up to the test.
B0007T64VI I love these boots, but the size was a little large. I was happy to finally find these boots at a decent price.  I always wear a size 8, but for some reason they were a little big on me.  So I have to wear two pairs of socks now because I didn't want to return them.  I was going on vacation and needed them right away, so I'm stuck with a larger size.  Hey, maybe they'll shrink a little or my feet will grow.  Very sturdy, warm and somewhat waterproof, as long as you don't walk in water.
B000AKVA6I watch out for sizing nice boot, but cannot get a moderately wide size 11 to even start into a size 11 2E bootnot sure what the answer is
B000AKVA6I Quality Boots I ordered these for my grandson. He wears them everyday and says they fit well. They are extremely heavy, but they are size 15 after all.
B000B2HQ5O Timberland kids boot The boots arrived in a timely manner in great condition. Shoe sole was soft and flexible and stylish looking just like it's pictured. Only problem was the wrong size. Ordered a big kid size 6.5 and ended up with a toddler size. Had some difficulties working out the return vs exchange and wound up just returning the item. Being a Timberland boot owner myself I wanted my child to have them as mine have withstood the years of use and were comfortable from the moment I put on the boot. If I could find this boot in the correct size I would definitely purchase again. The cost for the quality is second to none!
B000BB15ZC Great Boots for all weather conditions I bought these boots as a gift for someone. They desperately needed boots and I bought a pair in a size 13 since that is their size. It turns out the size fit perfectly on them (true to size) and comfortable. They are not bulky so you can wear them with jeans and other pants. The person I got them for loves black so buying a black pair I knew he would like it. He wears them during the rain, snow and cold weather. I bought them for him for Christmas and he hasn't complained at all about them.
B000BB15ZC Oversize... I initially ordered US size 14 (I measure a solid 14.5, a little narrow) and they had way too much toe clearance--returned and just recieved size 13--haven't wore that size in decades but there is STILL toe clearance with these boots!  I think the 13's will be fine but was thrown off by the sizing.
B000BB15ZC make sure you get what you ordered I ordered the size 12 and received size 13. They fit great. So be careful you get what you ordered.
B000BB15ZC Very nice boots - light weight and well made Compared to my last pair of 'work' boots these are very light weight and seem to be well made - eyelets are sturdy and stitching is well done.  The size fits as expected (I've had the same shoe size for dozens of years :-) and the size fit as expected).
B000BB15ZC Good boots, poor metal eyelets These boots are warm, sturdy, cover the feet well, tight on ankles so snow/water stays out, look great, etc. My problem with them is that the metal eyelets are really bad. I can definitely see them breaking or bending. These also run about half a size small, maybe more. Normally I am an 11.5 and there is some room in front of my toes. I had to exchange for a 12 and my toes still slightly touch the front. If I went a half size larger there would be too much room though.They are comfortable, but the inserts could be better. I will likely replace the inserts.
B000BFIHVS Nice Boots for the price. I have hard feet to fit. I ordered these in my true size. The left boot fit well, but the right was too small. I sent them back, ordered another pair 1/2 size up. They are a bit too large, but with some gel inserts they will be just fine. The price on these boots is really great. I would suggest going 1/2 size up. They are a good looking pair of boots.
B000BFIHVS The shoe is light, the right size, comfortable jiaogan. Because do before about the size of work, so I chose 10W, shoelaces and expectations are not the same, the color will be better.
B000BFIHVS review of timberland men's white ledge boot The boots fit well & seem to be well constructed. I would say they fit true-to-size and that I am quite satisfied with them.
B000BFIHVS Doesn't look to get the right size!!! I bought this in december size 9 1/2, I have been buying this size forever, but there were too tight, even after two weeks using them, they didn't loosen up, I gave them to my son and bought this size 10, which now feel somewhat large.This is an excellent product that will always recommend and I have been using for more than 5 years now, this is my third pair. but I don't know what happen, may be my feet grew larger.Thanks,
B000BFIHVS Perfect boot I bought these for my husband for Christmas.  He had a pair exactly like these, until a new puppy decided they were chew toys.  Size 11D(M) fits him as a regular size 11 (in tennis shoes) does. He said in the first few minutes he felt an area rubbing a little, but once the leather warmed up, it stopped.  He actually wore them to work yesterday (where he's on his feet, walking around, for 12 hours) and he said they were very comfortable - no rubbing.
B000BFIHVS Consistent sizing & fit. I own other Timberland shoes, and simply started with the same size as those.  I didn't really need to guess.
B000BFIHVS Wrong size shoes in box Husband liked the look of these shoes... Xmas gift. We realized that while I ordered 10.5 and the sticker on the box said 10.5, the shoes inside the box were size 10... Too small so we need to send back.
B000BFIHVS timberland white ledge boot I ORIGINALLY ORDERED SIZE 11 WHICH TURNED OUT TO BE 1/2 SIZE TOO SMALL. I EXCHANGED FOR 11.5 WHICH FIT PERFECTLY. I WORE THEM A COUPLE OF TIMES IN WET CONDITIONS AND THEY  KEPT MY FEET DRY. THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE IS THE LACES GET LOOSE AND I PERIODICALLY HAVE TO RETIGHTEN THEM.
B000BFIHVS Nice boots! Excellent hiking book, true to size. Bought 1/2 to one size larger, and plenty of room. Probably could have done with regular size, even with thick socks, but the boot is comfortable and tightens enough so the fit os fine.No break in necessary. Rubbed with some mink oil to preserve. Took hike in mountains with snow, and feet were warm and dry. Great boot and great value!
B000BFIHVS Fits small I wear a size 11 but always need a full size larger in Timberland boots.  That aside, this is a great boot and a great value.  Very comfortable and ready to go the first time you put them on.
B000BFIHVS Durable Good quality, colour i's exactly like the pictures. I bought a size 11 because that's the size i normally use. but this fit somewhat large.
B000BFIHVS Overall good boot So my White ledge, size (11) is fresh out the box, with today being the first wear. Before anything, I must stress this...DO NOT purchase 1/2 size small or big, order your actual size, as this shoe runs very true to size. I had two problems with this shoe, 1) There's a play on the right foot, apparently something is rubbing on my ankle, but I encountered this same problem with my last pair of Timberland's-Earthkeepers, so I had to remedy this by placing something elevated under my heel. 2) On the left foot, there's a bit of a squeeze on my instep but I believe this problem should be remedied via breaking in. Now I use this boot for work, and I'm always on the go, and today I would say this boot did good. So all in all, overall this boot seems to be a good pick for your daily functions, and I would recommend it to anyone.
B000BFIHVS I didn't even try them on. I knew I ordered the wrong size before i received the shoes I didn't even try them on. I knew I ordered the wrong size before I received the shoes. I am pleased with the way you folks handled the exchange. It was simple and painless.
B000BFIHVS Ordered a half size larger Based on previous reviews of these boots, we order a half size larger. The boots fit well. Put them on and they felt like boots I had already broken in. I'm anxious to get these on the trail and see how well they hold up to moderate trail conditions.
B000BFIHVS Get a half size lower I usually wear size 10 (US) shoes but got a 9.5 instead as recommended by others. Fits well  and I love it.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable from day one I found these boots to be very comfortable from the very first day I wore them. I had tried them on in a big box sporting good store but as usual amazon had them for a much better price, $20 less.  I am a 12 1/2 shoe size but nobody makes shoes in a 1/2 size after size 12. The 12 was too tight and the 13 is slightly bigger but that is going to be nice when I am wearing thicker hiking socks or two sock when the weather gets cooler.  I have only worn them a couple days around town to break them in but I think they are going to be just as comfortable when I hit the trail.
B000BFIHVS Item not true to size We've bought these shoes, same style/brand/size as work shoes for 6 or so years and this particular pair were too small though they are labeled and were purchased at Men's 13M.
B000FX9A5S Comfortable I was looking for some nice boots and decided to order these. I read the reviews about the fit before I placed my order and decided to go with my normal shoe size (14). They seem a little tight width wise but i'm sure they'll stretch a little as I wear them. I am glad they came before Christmas and I would recommend them to a friend.
B000FX9A5S The wide is about the same width as my average size 8 shoe Timberlands seem to run somewhat narrow, but, longer than a normal shoe. (or at least that was the case with these) These boots were slightly longer than my size 8 sneakers and my size 8 Sketcher's ankle boots, however, similar widths (and they were not wides)
B000FX9A5S GREAT BOOT - BUT ORDER A LARGER SIZE This is an excellent boot. But we had to send the original one back and order it again in a half size larger.
B000FX9A5S Great boots but they seem to run half size small Bought these for my son and just want to say that he ended up needing a half size larger than the largest shoe size that he wears.  This may be because of insulation and steel toe-  saw only one other review mentioning this but this is the only reason I rated them a 4 rather than 5.  As usual though, the Amazon return service gets a 5 so buy with confidence as they say and play around until you get the right size.
B000FX9A5S Fits but a little small This is my 3rd time buying Timberland Pros and I love the quality and durability of these boots. Normally I would get a size 7.5M but I decided to get 8M but for some reason it felt like a size 7.5M. Even though I need to break them in, I would still like to have a size bigger since I wear thick socks. Other than the fit, I love them!
B000G1Z9XG for work I ordered this boots and i got them in great shipping matter , but i realize that i order the wrong size, i send email about exchange and i didnt have any problem what so ever, great deal
B000G21BSC Very good! The quality of the product is wonderful. This was the third Timberland boot of the same type I bought, beacuse I really liked it!But the size I bought (7.5M - female) was a little bigger than I expected. I have a Timberland sneakers of this size and it fits perfectly. So I thought this would happen with this boot once I was buying exactly the same size. But it didn't fit as I was expecting. Not too big, but doesn't fit like my other sneakers. I had no idea of the size of the boot because my first one was bought by my mother and she bought the wrong size and I couldn't change the size (she bought it in a different country), and my second boot of this type was bought in Brazil and the size there is different (even the corresponding US size that is written in the tag of the boot is different from the real one - I don't know why).That made me realize that Timberland shoes size is not standardized for all shoes. But I reafirm the great quality of the product. Very comfortable and resistent. I recommend!Sorry about my english. I'm brazilian.
B000G23DQK tooooooo large too large for usually size &#65292;for those who want to buy it you have to check yr its size carefully&#12290;
B000G23DQK love them!!! although, i ordered the wrong size at first for my son, once we got the correct size, he said they were great!!! very fast service with the return process too...hit  a few bumps ordering the different size, but no fault of the seller, something with my cc!! very happy overall, would buy again from them!
B000G23DQK I ordered a size bigger I ordered a size larger, pedi size 10 and I ordered size 12, as did the return ups, where are my shoes size 10? it is wrong of you, I need urgent my size 10 shoes!
B000G23DQK Who doesn't love Tims? First off, I have to say that everyone who says these boots run at least a size large know what they are talking about! It took me two tries to get the right size (I wear 13, but needed a 12 in these). Shipping as very quick and well packaged, and the exchange process was painless. If you want to immediately enjoy these boots (and you will), I recommend going to your local athletic shoe store in the mall and finding the right size before ordering them for cheaper on Amazon.As for the boot itself, it's very sturdy and completely waterproof in my experience in rain, streams and snow. My pair was broken in after about three wearings and I've never looked back. The only caution I would give is to use these for work or play, not both. They are extremely attractive, but not scuff resistant. So I would definitely get two pair if you want to wear them for multiple uses and are going with the nubuck.
B000G23DQK Order 11.5 for size 12 Glad I read these reviews so I knew to order size 11.5 for my husband's size 12 feet, the 11.5's fit perfectly!
B000G23DQK Satisfied I don't need to tell any of you that these are great boots. These are definitely high quality and I hope to have them for years to come. I live in Northern California, and these are great for the mountains and cold winters when you're just ruckin' around. I still need to break these bad boys in (like a quality baseball glove), but they are still comfortable right out of the box. I normally wear a size 12 shoe, but the size 12 pair I tried at the Timberland outlet store was much to big. They didn't have size 11, so I tried 10.5 which was just a little too small. I took a risk and ordered an 11 on Amazon and they fit JUST right! Five gold stars for Timberland and Amazon for quick shipping!
B000G23DQK Perfect grab!!!! Do exactly what other reviews say! ORDER HALF A SIZE DOWN FROM YOUR REGULAR SIZE...They fit me perfectly and well worth the wait and money!!!!
B000G23DQK Very Nice These are some serious boots.  Waterproof, sturdy leather, great traction, etc.  The tongue is stitched to the rest of the boot so water can't seep in.  The padded ankle is definitely a nice touch.  I'm very pleased with the quality overall and would definitely buy another pair when these eventually wear out.For sizing, I typically wear a size 12 for sneakers (size 11 for Chuck Taylors).  I ended up buying size 11.5 and they fit comfortably with room for a pair of thick socks.
B000G23DQK Very Handsome I have bought a another Timberland boot&#65292;6139R&#65292;the size is 9.5 2E&#65292;feel little large. When Black Friday,i Bought the 10061,choose size 9.5 M, it is perfect..
B000G23DQK Question It's different with before the same type. I feel a lit bit big. If I wear Nike's shoes size is 10.5,shuold i wear the same size as the Timberland Boot? Also 10.5? Not 10?
B000G23DQK Amazing Boots IMPORTANT: Order about a half size less than your tennis shoe size. I wear size 11.5 tennis shoes, but ordered the size 11 of these boots, and they fit properly.They fit very well, and are comfortable. Shoelaces are a little short, but no other issues.
B000G23DQK Still Breaking Them In I wear a 10 1/2 in most shoes, 11 in others. I read the reviews of people who warned of the shoes running a little large so I went ahead and got a 9 1/2 instead of my usual 10 1/2 and they fit PERFECT!  Make sure you get them one size under your usual. Skuff BlK is the best!
B000G23DQK Good boot at a good price I was in the market for a boot to wear while riding my motorcycle.  I've always like the style and comfort of Timberland boots and when I saw the Timberland scuff proof black boot it seemed like it would fit the bill perfectly.  The boots were stiff and uncomfortable at first but after a couple of weeks of wear they are loosening a bit and am sure they will get more comfortable as time passes.  I really like the scuff proof finish.  It seems to be very durable and has kept it's brand new appearance through the first 2 weeks of everyday wear.  The boot is more bulky and heavy than I prefer, but it's nothing I can't accept.  I mistakenly took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a full size larger than I usually wear.  The boots do run larger than usual, but not a full size.  I usually wear a 9D in dress shoes, so I ordered an 8D and they were definitely too small.  I returned them and ordered an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.  Free shipping and returns is a huge plus when ordering shoes/boots via the internet.  I recommend taking a trip to the mall to try on a couple pairs to get your size before ordering.  It may save you a week or so in back and forth shipping time and a trip to the UPS store to drop off the return.  I definitely recommend the Timberland scuff proof boot.
B000G23DQK Dope Boots But Size Trouble I order these boots for myself. I wear a size 12 in sneakers!!! So i decided to get a size 11.5. When they arrive they were still too big. Based on my opinion you should go down a full size or more.
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots These boot are great i bought a pair over the summer from there retail store and they are very durable and long lasting.  The only thing that i would sagest would be to make sure that you know what size your foot is when wearing boots.  I usually wear a size 14 but those are way to big for me so all  my boot are a size 13 and fit just fine.  I would sagest going down one size when you are looking at buying bots!
B000G23DQK Good Quality but got a size too small The boots are made of great quality. My shoe size (tennis) is around 8 or 8.5. I got a 7 of these boots and it was tight. I recommend getting a half size down.Returned for a refund. Amazon has amazing customer service.
B000G23DQK Wrong size delivered According to Amazon website, US size 12 is equivalent to Euro 45. Ordered a size 12, but received a Euro size 46 which is a full size to large even with thick socks. Live in the Middle East and it is not cost effective to return to the USA. Waste of moneyUpdateDue to the prohibitive nature of returning the shoes from the Middle East, Amazon will refund the cost of shoes including shipment. Excellent customer service. To clarify the boots are a quality product, just be aware of the sizing issue. For that reason I am Rating at 4 stars
B000G2419S True to size It's a beautiful boot but alittle tight for me,, I'd say it was a true 10 but I'm 10-11.. I was hoping it would run larger,, oh well,, it's still an awesome boot and so well made!!
B000G24LJS I love this shoe I read all the reviews saying vary the size but I had worn a pair of these to death and ordered the same exact size and what arrived was the same exact size as before (14 years ago.)  A great shoe I have been getting compliments on them since the day I started wearing them, a young lady even ordered a pair of her own when I told her I had gotten them through Amazon.  She remembered them from college.  I could not be happier with this comfortable and durable pair of shoes!
B000G24LJS Made a mistake on my selection I use size 10-10.5, and the size 9 is pretty small for me, though the shoes are great, but would prefer my right size so that I will enjoy every bit of this traditional moccasin
B000G24LJS Disappointed with sizing A 10 M should fit me,but it was so long my heels came up in the back..trying to decide whether or not to reorder it in a smaller/wider size and how far down to go..maybe I'll go to a shoe store and find the right size when the snow stops!
B000HE18Y6 Great  tee. Great price. This Tee is just great. However, you gotta watch out when chosing your size. I bought a M size Polo and when i saw it; i said to myself this will not fit me. So i recommend you select a lower size when purchasing one of these.In relation to material these Polos are made of almost 100% cotton. That'll be just right. Go ahead and get one of these ! You won't be desappointed.!
B000KVA7YI A GREAT PAIR OF BOOTS, BUT OTHERS HERE ARE RIGHT, THEY RUN ALMOST A FULL SIZE "SMALL" I LOVE these boots, and I wear a size-12 shoe or boot in any other brand, but a size-13 in these Timberland's barely fits, so I'd recommend ordering them at least one full size larger.
B000KVA7YI Wrong size insoles, boots are narrow I ordered a half size down from my usual based on prior TP boots and also the sizing guide.  This is my first pair of steel toe from this brand.  When tried on, my foot didn't even fit all the way in.  Quickly found out it was because a misfitting insole was crammed into the boot that was too wide [and not long enough] and not laying flat.  On removal of the insole, the boot fits snug but fine with my foot right on the sole.  With any degree of padded sole being inserted, it jams at the toes right where the steel cap ends, which it should not do.  Time will tell if it will loosen up and I can eventually add adequate padding.  Aside from the sizing issue, the laces are a bit short as well, will need to get longer ones.All criticism aside, the boots are the real deal and are in for a real beating, and for under 100 bucks who can really complain that much.Just order a half size up from the sizing guide, and in my opinion you will be ok.
B000KVA7YI not confortable I bought a size bigger then I normally wear and these boots are too tight around the tie region. I'm just not finding them comfortable at all
B000KVA7YI Runs at least one size small Ordered a half size bigger than my son wears and they are too tight.  Tried to get a half size bigger and they are not stocked, so had to order from an alternate source.  So much for the no cost returns...
B000KVA7YI quality is very good I bought this spring, wearing from winter, it's very comfortable, fit the feet well, I usually wear No.42&#65292;so I bought 8.5 2E,  I choose right size.
B000MQL2TK Sizing caveat Just a heads-up: for my pair, "one size" meant men's shoe size 9-13. Something to consider when shopping online.The socks are comfortable and hold up well, but eventually start to pill a little after a dozen or so washes.
B000MQL2TK great sox they last a long time, and fit well.  the top of the sock is not too high.  I have a size 14 foot and they still fit.
B000PBTQ4U I ORDERED IN 9 SIZES AND I RECEIVED A 4 SIZE. THE SELLER SENT ME A GRONG SIZE, Y ORDERER A 9 SIZE AND I RECEIVED A 4 SIZE, SO WHAT IT'S SUPPOUSETO DO WITH.....
B000PH5XDM Great  product. Great price. This Polo is just great. However, you gotta watch out when chosing your size. I bought a M size Polo and when i saw it; i said to myself this will not fit me. So i recommend you select a lower size when purchasing one of these.In relation to material these Polos are made of almost 100% cotton. That'll be just right. Go ahead and get one of these ! You won't be desappointed.!
B000SBC5Y0 2 thumbs up for Timberland. This Polo is just great. However, you gotta watch out when chosing your size. I bought a M size Polo and when i saw it; i said to myself this will not fit me. So i recommend you select a lower size when purchasing one of these.In relation to material these Polos are made of almost 100% cotton. That'll be jsut right. Go ahead and get one of these !
B000VIAQAK perfect little boots. these boots run true to size, fit just right, & have plenty of cushion & comfort for our little one.  I wish I could get them in my size!  she gets lots of compliments in them.
B000VIAYU2 Great buy! I have small feet, so I always buy kids size shoes. I bought these timberland sneaker, size 3.5. They perfect, quality, the look, size, everything was excellent. I am very happy with this purchase, especially for 17$ price.
B000VQ9QKS Great Boot I've worn them twice all day and they are very comfortable and wear good. I saw some of the other reviews having size issues, so read the foot size chart carefully. Measure your foot at the end of the day, it's the most flatten then, then use their size chart. I did so and I was surprised at how well it fit. My daddy has had the 'male' version of this boot for years and suggested I get these.
B000VQ9QKS Great Boot Ordered these after reading some reviews on Amazon.  These boots do fit true to size which is what I was hoping for and there is not break in time needed.  Love the durability and the fact I can walk outside in the bad winter weather without any problems of wetness and slipping.
B000VQ9QKS Too small I typically wear a size 9, occasionally a 9 and 1/2, but this size nine wasn't even close.  May need to jump to a 10.  Unfortunately, Amazon does not have any size 10s in stock, so guess I will be returning and getting them directly from Timberland.
B000VQ9QKS Wish it came in a wider size It appears to be a well made, comfortable boot. In fact, it fit my left foot fine but was a little too tight for the right one. I would have kept it otherwise.
B000VQ9QKS Very good The product is as I imagined! Very happy with it... It's warm and comfortable. I recommend with no doubts!The size is exactly my size, so may be in the next buy, I will probably shop one number bigger, so I can use with thicker socks!
B000VQ9QKS Good product.. Size description for females may not be accurate I really like the shoe for its price.. The size I ordered according to size chart given turned out to be little loose for me
B000VQ9QKS Amazing hiking boots!!! These hiking boots are fantastic, not too warm neither too cold. I went for a short hike to try them and they felt so light, giving you the support needed and traction for more intense descent/ascent. There was a little rubbing on the back of my heel but nothing significant. I usually wear size 7 and they are true to size. I am going on a trip to Flagstaff and Sedona for 10 days and cannot wait to wear them. Great purchase.
B000VQBPOS Good but I ordered them sadly one shoe size too big and werent able to return them .. i ordered them when i was pregnant and my feet were so swollen so they fit then + socks... but they seem so huge on my feet not cute lol other than that make sure you order your right size
B000VQBPOS nice, but.... I purchased a pair of these boots a few years ago in a shoe store in size 7M because the next size up was too big.  This year, I purchased this pair of black ones in the same size through Amazon.com.  I didn't use them right away and regret it because I cannot return them.  They are way-y-y-y too narrow and not nearly as comfortable as the ones I bought in the shoe store.  As a result, I will probably never buy shoes online again.
B000VW69IY Be careful with the size! I own several pairs of Timberlands, all of which are US 7.5 and fit perfectly.  The Altamont were about a size bigger in reality, despite being marked as 7.5.  I would advise checking, if at all possible, before you purchase.
B000VW69IY Way too large I wear a 11.5 in all my shoes, so I ordered the same size Timberland Altamont Fisherman.  It was at least a half size (maybe three-quarters) too large.  Sent the shoes back to Amazon and re-ordered them in size 11.0.  They arrived two days later and fit much better.  Might have been able to wear a 10.5, but I am satisfied.  This shoe runs way large.
B000VW69IY I did not use sizing chart I have a pair of timberline shoes that fit well and so I ordered the same size (13 M). The sizing chart indicated that I would need to order a (14M).
B000VX01V4 Small size A month ago I`ve ordered these shoes to Russia, previously thougt a lot about my size - I have an original 41 european size, by size chart it fits 8,0 US, so I`ve added a little bit and ordered 8,5. Then it came, I`ve found that they are too small, and now I`ve been forced to order a bigger size, so be careful!Why this always happen with Timberland shoes? The same thing was with my 6inch yellow boots - as a result I must order an inch more than original size, and nowhere even on their site nobody don`t properly convert the size chart.
B000VX01V4 Inconsistent Timberland sizes The sole of this shoe is over a half-inch shorter than a very comfortable pair of Timberland Boat Shoes (similar, but not identical) of the same size (11.5) that I purchased a few years ago.  I thought I'd be safe buying the same size from the same manufacturer.
B000VX01V4 Inconsistent sizing? My size for the other TimberlandShoes(e.g. Authentics 3-Eye Classic Lug Boat ) has been consistently size 9.5W. Somehow, for the same size, the Classic Boat is much smaller cutting.
B000VX01V4 Great shoe! Runs a half size large. Great quality and construction. I like Timberland boat shoes as they tend to feel more rugged with their construction and likely to hold up to wear and tear. These look and feel like higher quality than even most of their line and could easily be worn as a business casual shoe.***Quick note about Timberland: if you look around the internet, most of Timberland shoes fit a half size large, and these are no exception. I bought 11s when I normally wear an 11.5. Go the half size small when you order, will fit much better.***
B000VX01V4 Size 14 Timberland shoes Have not had time to wear..Expensive.. But size 14 not easy to find.Quality looks good.Concerned about width (Medium) as I have edema...
B000VX03GC Buy 1/2 size bigger... supportive, comfortable...good looking I first bought these boots in the same shoe size... when I put them on they were a tad too small. So I swapped them out for a half size bigger and they fit perfectly. These boots are supportive, comfortable and good looking. I would recommend them to everyone. In fact, I bought my wife a pair (women's version) and she loves them.
B000VX03GC Be aware of the size Excellent product. Keep your feet warm in those cold days.  Nice looking. Not bulky.Cons. Size. I first bought my size and they felt like 2 size smaller, I had to change the for a pair one size bigger than mine and W. Apart that, Excellent. The traditional Timberland's quality.
B000VX03GC Right fit with the right size Too small because I thought I ordered a 12 (my normal size) but somehow ordered an 11. Once I exchanged them the size 12 I received fit very well.
B000VX03GC Buy 1/2 size larger and wider I'm usually a size 8.5 N width guy, but after reading reviews here, I'm truly glad I went for 9 2E. The wide fit is actually just right for my feet, so I'd imagine a poor fit if I had chosen normal width instead. The 1/2 size up and wider guide meant this fit perfectly for me.The boot is light, and generally comfy, but you'll need to break it in. I made the mistake of wearing it new on a trip to New York. It was definitely a pain to wear it with extensive walking and standing on city streets. After ~3 days though, it got a lot better and I began to appreciate it's ability to handle whatever mess New York roads throw at it. I haven't taken it hiking yet, but I imagine it'll do very well.Temperatures was always above 30F when I wore this, and I had wool socks on all the time, so I cannot vouch for how well this will work in sub-30F environment.Otherwise, I'm happy with the boots. It looks good, durable and comfortable. Just remember the size caveat
B000VX03GC Good boots for medium hiking Very comfortable and warm boot. I have been wearing them for two weeks now and love them. The shipping was easy and well done. The boots are great as of now. I would advise anyone to order a size larger then normal due to the boots being made a little narrower then normal. I added a wide to my size for extra room and I'm glad I did. They pinch your toes a bit if they are worn tight but hopefully that will change when they are broke in. A good purchase. I would buy them again. You get what you pay for. And if it wasn't for the pinching leather at the toes I would have given them 5 stars.
B000VX03GC good shoes Bought it for my father and he loves it. warm, true to size. But if you like to wear thick socks then I would get half size bigger
B000VX03GC Great once you get the right size Let me start by saying earlier this year I bought a $300 pair of Zamberlans, and I like the Timberland's better.  They are just more comfortable and feel more natural.  The Z's are great too, but they required longer break in time, and just aren't as comfortable for every day situations.I almost gave up on the Chocorua's though.  Earlier this year I tried 3 pairs and returned them all.  I usually wear a 10.5-11.  The first pair I tried was a 10.5  Too small all around.  Next pair was an 11.  Fit ok front to back but was pretty uncomfortable in the width.  I'd never had to order a wide size before but I finally ordered the 11 wide and that fit much better.  Only problem was there was a little sharp piece just above the heel in one of them.  Frustrated, I sent those back and that's when I decided to stop messing around and went with the Zamberlan's.Fast forward to a cold day here, about 15 degrees out.  My feet are freezing in the Z's and just generally not that comfortable.  I thought back to how nice the Tims were once I found a size that fit and remembered they had Goretex plus insulation to keep the feet warm and dry.  I looked on Amazon and they had my size at a price I couldn't refuse, and the rest is history.  They are perfect.  They'll be great as light hikers.  I'm not sure how they would hold up with a 30 pound backpack yet but if they work out then I might just sell the Zamberlan boots and stick with these 100%.
B000VX03GC Nice boots, wish they were a half size larger I really like these boots. . . unfortunately I am stuck between a 12 & 13 and they don't make 12.5.  I have a 12 and I can put up with them. . if I got the 13 I would have to wear two pairs of socks.  But hey, if you have normal size feet, you'll love these boots!
B000VX03WQ Great Product.As advertised. I remember buying a half size larger for good fit, but fits somewhat larger. I would recommend buying your true size. Great boot !!
B000VX04MU Timberland shoes are a good value Only complaint is that the shoe size run a little large. I ordered a 14M (have 13 1/2 foot size) and was way to large. Had to return for a size 13 which was a much better fit.
B000VX04PC Bad quality Dont buy this shoes. Not true to size. i bought 10 EE and leght was ok but width was not. very tight on width. made in china. Bad quality. I only gave one star cause of leght size was ok
B000X46MOQ Purchased for a friend I always purchase Timberland Boots.  These were for a friend that has never had a pair. They exceeded her expectations.  one note: Thanks to reading reviews and comments posted on Amazon, we avoided purchasing the wrong size.  Several comments recommended going with a 1/2 size smaller.  My (men's) Timberlands have never ran large, but we listened to the suggestions and they fit perfectly.
B000X46MOQ Timberland PRO The boots are great quality. Beware regarding shoe size. I ordered size 6, and when I put them on they were two sizes bigger.You will need 3-4 pairs of big socks to fill in the gap.
B000XEA5ZI Size isn't quite right... My husband purchased these boots for work. He had to return his size 12 regular for size 12 wide. He always wears regular width and the wides are too tight. As a matter of fact, he measured both the left and right boots and they were different widths.
B000XEACHO These are awesome boots but.... The sizing is way off....I wear a size 13 because I have really bad ankles and have to wear rigid ankle braced(my normal size is a 11)...these boots were tight even without the braces...Id say the 13 was about the equivalent of a 101/2 in other boots....maybe it was just the pair I got but I had to send them back. Id love to have a pair of these that fit they are nice and extremely well made...just don't know what size to order.
B000XEACHO shoes boots were less expensive here but much better quality than in my home town shoe store and it is hard to find my size
B000XEH2JA Great boots, but.. I need a size 13 2E. This is in the options when ordering this boot but amazon sent me 13 E.  I requested a replacement and got still a 13 E, also known as 13 Wide.  They seemed like very nice boots for the price but I can't find them in the correct size of 13 EE. Amazon is very good with replacements/refunds.
B000XEIZ7S Fit very well. These boot fit my size 13 foot well. I have been wearing them for four days and I like them.
B000XEIZ7S Fit nicely They fit nicely with my size of shoe, they are comfortable and light, will order my next pair once are torn up
B000XEJ3HO MADE IN CHINA MY FEET MEASURES A RECOMMENDED WEAR SHOE SIZE 8.5-9.0 US SIZE.I ORDERED 9.5 2EE US,  -WAY TOO NARROW/SMALL NOT COMFORTABLE.I WILL SEND IT BACK AND EXCHANGE FOR 10 2EE US,  MAYBE IT WILL FEEL  FREE OF STRESS,  PAIN  AND ANXIETY.
B000XEJ9V4 timberland boots hi i love your boots but they r a little big,i went by the size i where in my dunham boots so i thought your,s would b the same they r close so it,s cool but if u could tell me the right size to order next time it would b nice.Thank,s again David
B000XEJ9V4 Somewhat Large I take a size 10 in all my shoes, but the size 10 boot feels big on my foot.  The boot itself is very well made.
B000XEKCRE wrong fit unusual - this is my size - the other timberland boots I bought were the same size and fit perfectly. These were narrow and short - unwearable. the replacement are a size larger and fit fine.
B000XEKHOC Wonderful! I bought these for my 18 yr. old son and was concerned about the size.  They were true to their size, fit perfect, and looked better than the picture!
B000XEKHOC Timberland It's a little too roomy in comparison to the other pair I have and they are both the same size
B000XEKHOC Great looking shoe/not true to size. My son was thrilled to get these boots for Christmas so I would love to give a better rating but these do not run true to size. He is the same size in most major brands of shoes and I bought his size in these due to reviews saying they ran true to size. This pair we received did not. I would recommend going up a half size for sure. Shipping these back is going to be expensive.
B000XEKHOC Great boot Loved the boot on my husband but it was snug. Realized I selected wrong size and width.  Returned for a bigger size.
B000XEKIUK Exactly what i wanted, but they don't fit When they arrived and I opened the box, i thought I found the perfect boot.  I ordered a size 10 2E (Wide)  which is the size I wear in almost every shoe I ever have had.  The lenght was correct but they were way too narrow.  The felt like a regular witdh shoe to me.  They don't have a 4E option so back they went.  I am still looking . . .
B000XEKIUK Good price, nice boots I ordered these for my husband who normally wears a size 14 in mens. I got the bigger size so he could wear thicker socks with them and to let him have so extra room, since he works five 12hour shifts a week all of them on his feet, Since he started wearing these boots he doesn't complain about sore feet.  I didn't give them five stars because the h are somewhat small in the toe area had to take the laces really wide to get the extra room in the toe area but overall very happy with them and will order again.
B000XEKIUK Get 1 size up than ur normal size Suggest to get one size larger than your regular size as this shoes comes with steel toe. Quite disappointed (not the shoes but myself as I realized too late):(
B000XEKIUK Really? I ordered a size 14 boot for my son....box said size 14...contained a size 11...Really?  How hard ia it to double check...not at all happy with this..being returned, will not re-order
B000XEKIUK boots not true to size. The boots were painful even to put on.the size was not extra wide.i have tried other size twelve Timberland Pro boots and they fit perfect.These boots were awful it was like having your foot in a vice.
B000XEKIUK Good deal for the mandatory steel toes. Meets expectations in every regard, save fit: I don't wear size 11 footwear in any brand, still, my toes are telling me there's no wiggle room in these 10.5 size boots at all. I work outdoors year around, so with recent cold weather, I sure want my thick woolie socks. They just plain won't fit in these boots. Too bad. In every other respect I am pleased.
B000XEKIUK Timberland PRO Great shoe! I'm nearly 16 and I'm usually about  a size 11 in UK sizes. They fit perfectly except from being a little tight on the top of my foot.
B000XEKIUK The boot is great, the sizing is not I am a size 12 Wide and have been for as many years now.  I've never owned anything Timberland pro, but I own many pairs of various styles of Timberland boots.  Not having any Timberland Pros, I found a local store that sells this style number, went there, tried them on, and then ordered them from Amazon.  I tried on a 12 Wide in wheat, ordered a 12 wide in black.  Got the black, way too small.  So I went back to the store I tried them on at, and tried them on again...too small, which I thought was odd since i tried on the wheat and they fit fine.  The store happened to have a 13W, so I tried them on, they fit like a charm.I brought them home, and for whatever reason, decided to put the 13 Wides against my 12 Mediums.  I was kind of surprised to find out that they are essentially the same exact size boot now.  Like there was a negligible maybe quarter inch difference in the length of the boot, I'm thinking it was more like an eighth of an inch.I get the whole shrinking size thing that seems to be going on now (I'm 6', 300 pounds, built like a linebacker, so clothing is harder for me to find in my size in retail) but I don't get why.  What does it get the manufacturer to shrink a size 12 to an 11 and shrink a 13 to a 12?Order a size up if you want them to fit would be my recommendation. Otherwise it seems to be a great boot.
B000XEKIUK Not true to size Sent back the size 12 boots. Way too small. Would probably need a 13+. Disappointed and wasn't able to simply exchange for a larger size but got the credit, etc. expensive to return
B000XEKIUK Take a step up... In size that is I'm usually a 13W in timbs, but with the extra insulation inside I had to go to a 14M for a good fit. So if your a 13W you have to step up a size. They also didn't carry 14W at the time, but the 14M fits perfectly
B000XEKK94 What happened I ordered two (2) pair of boots, same model at the same time.  When they arrived the outside of the box had the size that I had ordered. I then checked the inside the boots to find that one box had the correct size and the other box had a different size totally from what the box had printed on it.
B000XEKK94 size info issue Size(USA)  European9.5  42here is the size information from Amazon's size tablebut from [...]Men's size chartUSA  European9.5  43.5is that confusing problemwish to get lower size information risk during shopping on your site
B000XEKK94 work boots These boots are very nice. They look good and are great on your feet. I've been wearing them for over a week at work which is about 65-70 hours on my feet all day and I love them. My only issue is they are about a half a size to big. I have another pair of timberland boots that are a size 13 and they fit great. Not sure what the difference is but ordered thermal socks so I hope that helps with size issue. But great boots buy them. Rated three stars cause of size issue only.
B000XEKK94 Excellent buy These shoes are exactly as I expected from the pictures and size scale. They are very comfortable and stylish. Timberland never seizes to amaze me and with amazons great severice, if you need some boots pick your regular size and enjoy.
B000XEKK94 Fantastic boots, but... I've order this boots for the winter, and they are relly good for this purpose, in addition this boots are just good looking.In the features wrote that it keep the feet warm any weather, and its not 100% accurate,  With two pear of socks I still feel little bit cold, but maybe its only me.In the line I wrote &#34;but..&#34; the but is that the size guilde near the product is really foesnt accurate, In eur Size I 46, and in the size guilde 46 is 13, but after I have order I noticed that in Timberland website there is a size guilde too, and there 46 is 12.But in the bottom line its graet boots and for sure I recmmoned them.
B000XEKK94 True to size The 10 M is true to size.  The boots are very comfortable and lightweight.  While they are sturdy work boots, they are very sharp looking and go well with khakis.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro PitBoss 6" This is a very comfortable boot. It fits to true size so if you were a size 9 than a size 9 is what you would order if you wanted this boot. One of the best work boots I have brought.
B000XELF3O He loves them. Got this for my hubby and on the first wear, he said they were comfortable. True to size and well made.
B000XELF3O So far, so good. I have been wearing these a few weeks now and I am happy with them.  I bought them a half-size larger than my regular shoe size and that worked out well probably because of the work socks that I use with them. They were quite comfortable from the outset and they are doing a good job of protecting my feet while being subjected to some fairly rough usage.  I would recommend them.
B000XELF3O Will shop again Cause I wear a size 12 an they fit my feet just right I have no problem with them they ok
B000XELF3O Good work boots...true to size I normally wear a size 11 in dress shoes, a size 12 in athletic shoes, so I split the difference and went with a size 11.5 in these boots.  They have plenty roomy, so I agree with other reviewers that say these run true to size.  Might I have gotten away with an 11?  Quite possibly, however, when it comes to steel toed work boots, I always figure a little extra room doesn't hurt (a half size is only 1/4 inch).I went with brown, primarily because it was $20 cheaper than the wheat color.  Having said that, I really like the brown color.  Nice looking boots, very comfortable.
B000XELF3O Buy a half size then your normal size I work in a warehouse so I have to wear these they look really nice. It does take about a week for your foot to get adjusted to it but after they do it feels fine. The only bad part of this item is that the steel toe part is beginning to wear already after about 4 weeks of use. I wear a size 10.5 but I would recommend buying 10 for a better more secure fit.
B000XELF3O Comfy comfy For me it Fits perfectly and very comfortable. Jux make sure it's the right size. Will get another pair soon...
B000XELF3O I have a Question I own these boots and love them, I am going to buy another.  I am a size 10 D, but 9.5 2E are much cheaper, will I notice much difference between the two?
B000XELF3O Sizing is accurate I am size 10 for timberland, size 9.5 for Bates, size 9.5 for Caterpillar, and 10 for most others. With the addition of the must have Gel pad these feel great.
B000XELF3O Timberland Rocks! I usually wear size 9 and I bought a half size larger to wear with thicker socks. It fits comfortably and gives no problems when being worn. I will mostly use it when working on film sets, and set design construction. Also I may wear it during to Winter months. At a later date I will add more to this review.
B000XELF3O Had to order a size larger I wear a 10.5 M normally, but had to return them for a size 11.0M. Toe area was too tight.
B000XETJU0 Buying shoes over the internet = scarey! I placed the order for these boots and expected that they would arrive while I was away.  But to my surprise, they arrived right on schedule!  The box was not damaged even though it was shipped using USPS.  They are great boots, very comfortable.  I haven't really worn them that much yet so they still need to be broken in.Although I gave them 4 out of 5 stars I would have given them 5 out of 5 if there was a way for me to get an exact measurement for the size I needed.  I even went to Timberland's web site and expected to be able to print out a size chart. If it was there I did not find it.  I would recommend that anyone selling shoes should have available a downloadable/printable size chart. Manufacturers shoes/boots are not made to exact sizes and they all seem to vary.
B000XETJU0 Too large!The big one yard ! This pair of shoes US7.5 code for me!Shoe size is bigger than the normal size.I need to replace this pair of shoes
B000XETJU0 great boot ,leather , size and color ever hi,i have measured it before in Timberland stock and it was similar size to the one that have sent to meand it`s perfect one just buy itthanks in advance ,
B000XETJU0 Not true to size Bought these for my son who wore-out a size 13 M Timberline Pro series "anti-fatigue". He couldn't even take a step in these 13 M Pitboss model because they were so small. He wishes they had not discontinued the "anti-fatigues", they were great.
B000XETU1I Great boots There are a very good made pair of boots. Takes the abuse of me working as a maintenance man for a retired community. Just needed to get the right size. Timberland boots are made a little bigger. I'm a size 12 should of gotten a size 11.5.
B000XETU1I Very good! I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas, they came nicely wrapped, fit true to size, and looked exactly like they do online.
B000XEVLF6 I thought I was getting a great deal until my feet started to hurt that's the only problem about buying shoes onlineI bought the size 11m and it was about the size 9 m
B000XEVM50 Might need to go up a half a size with these Got my normal size and my pinkie toe rubs in both shoes.  Shoes look great,  they just rub the outer sides of my feet raw because their sizing leaves a lot to be desired!
B000XEVM50 Quality looks good, narrow -UPDATED BELOW-Unfortunately I haven't been able to wear these around yet since the size was off and my exchange hasn't shown up yet.I wear a size 12 in pretty much all the different brands of shoes I've had in the last 15 years. These shoes were WAY too long and WAY too narrow. Never had a pair of 12s that were too big and too tight at the same time.**Update- I've had the correct size for a few weeks now (11.5E) and these shoes are pretty good. I'm not a huge fan of the super aggressive sole's appearance but the extended side lugs offer a lot of stability. I use these in a warehouse 99% of the time and they are working out pretty well. The soles have a TON of grip of smooth surfaces. So much so that they have a little squeak to them, it's not an annoying sound but you certainly aren't going to sneak up on anyone. I haven't noticed any obvious wear in the soles either.
B000XEVM50 Comfortable I wear a size 14 Nike Shox sneaker and decided to try size 14 with these. They fit nice, a little larger than Nike Shox. I did notice on one of the shoes the steel toes is rubbing on my foot.
B000XEVM50 Timerland pro Fits true to size.  Chose these boots/shoes because I needed something comfortable as well as safe for trucking.  So far they have met my expectations.
B000XEVM8W Steel Tip Work Shoes by Timberland Fantastic Steel Tip shoe for my husbands work.  We did have one problem the he wears a size 10 and when they came they were too small.  So we ordered an 11, they were too big.  Originally I found them and did not have an option of a half size until a 10.5 came available. The 10.5 fits perfectly.  Even though we had to return two, the right size was well worth the wait for this great shoe.  It is made very well.  My husband said for a Steel Tip it is comfortable and provides great support. He is on his feet for 12 hours at night standing.I only can recommend a half size bigger than your normal size from the start.  I wish that was on the reviews I had available.  Overall very pleased.
B000XEVM8W Good and comfortable This shoes are of good quality and very comfortable.I bought size 41 but it is a bit larger.I should get size 40.But it is my mistake to choose the size.
B000XEW60K Good for women too - just adjust the size Good shoe for outdoor work, yet it looks good too. As others have said it is high around the ankle and takes a bit of wearing to break them in, but they are comfortable on the foot from the start and are surprisingly flexible to accommodate your stride or standing on your toes. I looked at the size chart and selected the size that met the length in inches of my foot.
B000XEW60K not standard sized Be careful ordering these online. I found the size 10's to be bigger than all other size 10's I have. There was no problem returning them however.
B000XEW60K size ordered not accurate? I want6ed a Merrill jungle moc glide but apparently they aren't available any more.  The shoe is attractive, durable and looked like I expected it to look.  It is a tad heaver than I expected but not a deal breaker.  I ordered the size shoe I have ordered for the past ten years, 10.5 2A, but it didn't fit as well as other slip ons.  It was larger and sloppier, wider,  on my feet.  I've worn them to see if they would feel more comfortable but they are still loose; kept them and will wear them but next pair I will order smaller size, 10 W maybe?
B000XF04LM Something went wrong Same size I have always ordered and they were never this tight I ordered letter for letter and number for number but are very tight I would have sent them back but I had to wear something
B000XF04LM By proxy I purchased these shoes for my significant other for work. As far as I can tell, he is very happy with the shoes. He did mention that the steel toe made them a bit heavier, but it's not that noticeable. They fit true to size, he's a size 10 and looked exactly as they did online. They arrived promptly, brand new, unworn, in their original box.Hope this helps.
B000XF4D1Y Blue's review I really enjoy my new Timberland PRO shoes. I ordered a 1/2 size larger then what I normallyu= wear because of a review I read. I'm glad they fit Great. Blue
B000XR2GN4 Very Comfortable I wear these boots for work and they are very comfortable. They fit true to size. The only issue the soft leather scuffs easily.
B000XR2W1U BUY ONE SIZE BIGGER IF YOU HAVE A WIDER FOOT These are ok but I walk a lot at work and we also walk on breaks for exercise.  It is good for casual walk at work but not for vigorous walking.  I wish I would have returned the shoe and bought one size bigger.
B000XR30FM Solid boot Boots are well made, give nicely and don't need much to break them in. If I wear them too long they give me blisters though. I think they run a little large in size so they rub a bit.
B000XR7ME2 wrong size Normally I do not buy shoes on-line but it is difficult to find women's steel-toe boots locally.  I was disappointed the boots did not fit, they were too big.  On average I wear a women's size 8 and previously purchased 2 other pairs of timberland pro in size 8 that fit properly.  I am unable to judge the use of the product since I sent them back which ended up costing a $15 return shipping fee.
B000XXGMRO Skeptical at first but tried them anyways After reading how these boots have fallen apart, worn out easily and how quality at Timberland has diminished compared to the past, I was extremely skeptical when purchasing these boots, I actually removed them from my wish list three times.I finally gave in since I liked the look and style.I wear a size 13 and the pair that came in at size 13 resembled clown shoes at the extreme length and width.Amazons great and fast return policy let me swap them for a full size smaller a size 12.Once I received the correct size all I can say is that I have worn these boots nonstop for a month now and can't wait to purchase different styles.These boots feel out of this world great right from the box.I'm closely watching for anytype of wear and loose stitching for fray as well.These boots have molded perfectly to my foot and feel like a natural extension of myself when going thru acres of mountain path or just casual walking.They look great with my jeans and khakis as well.I catch lots of glances towards my feet and have received a few compliments as well on the style and who makes them.Thank you Amazon for your great service and thank you Timberland for a great product
B000XXGMRO Looks great but runs large I ordered a size 9.5 for my husband. This is the size he normally wears. They were way too big. We had to return them. Unfortunately no local stores carry this shoe and we have not re-ordered because we don't know what size he would fit.
B000XXGMRO Run large Ordered these boots for my 17 year old son. He wears a size 13. I ordered these boots in a size 13 wide and they are really too big. We are currently waiting for a size 12 wide. I will update when the replacement boots arrive.  That being said, the boots look great!  They are both rugged and stylish and seem to be wel made.
B000XXGMRO Full size large Love the boots. They are a full size large. I usually wear 11. Ordered 10.5 and I think I could have even gone 10. I'll keep these and wear thicker socks. Boots seem to be well made.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots I bought these boots (burnished brown color) and I just love them. They look fantastic. Also very comfortable.They do run about a size large. My usual size is 9, so I ordered a pair in 8, which fit perfectly.Highly recommend.
B000XXGMRO Great boot, run large Great boots but they run a solid size large, especially in the wides. I'm a 10.5 going with a 9.5 EE
B000XXGMRO Nice boot but a bit too large... Normally an 8, but I went down a half size and it fits nicely.  Some could possibly go down a full size.  Classic looking boot that should be more than serviceable for day hikes.
B000XXGMRO FIrst Impression/ Sizing Overall great looking boot, light-weight and comfortable. Reminds me of my old USMC Danner's.SIZING: This is a thin skin boot(no gore-tex, insulation, etc). It's design is for the wearer to utilize the proper thickness of sock for the climate, so they run about a size larger to allow for thick winter socks. I don't plan on taking them to the arctic, so I ordered a size smaller. I'm a US size 10.25, being as my foot is right between 10.69"(size 10) and 10.81"(size 10.5). I ordered a size US 9.5M and without socks there is approximately 2/3" from tip of big toe to end of inside of boot, but this is barefooted, so with a decent pair of boot socks they fit perfectly. Best advice is to measure your foot and convert it to a US size, then subtract 1 size and go with that. If your foot falls in between two sizes like mine, use your best judgement.Here is a copy/ paste link >>>[...]
B000XXGMRO Can't beat a pair of Timberland's Bought these as a replacement for one pair of &#34;classic 6&#34; boots&#34; I've had now for over 10yrs (resoled twice).  Similar to most other Timberland boots, these run slightly large.  I've noticed that Timberland converts their European sizing to American sizing slightly differently than most other manufacturers.  For example, Timberland says size 10 American = 44 European, but a check of most other shoes/boots in my closet read 10 American = either 43, or 43.5 European.  So, the general rule of thumb then is to order a half american size smaller than one normally takes and it will usually work out perfectly.  If in doubt, check the euro size on the label of your existing shoes/boots with the sizing chart on the Timberland website for American sizes and you'll see what I mean - many are about 1/2 size larger in the American size than is usually standard.The leather uppers on these are good quality.  However the insole and outsole are very soft material, so I wonder about the long term durability.  On the other hand, they're soft enough that no break-in was needed (comfortable from day-one), and with the welted construction I can always get the soles replaced with something more durable in the future if needed.
B000XXGMRO Great boot, does run a size larger. Really nice pair of boots.  Other reviewers are correct.  This boot runs about a size larger.  My Asics running shoes are size 10.5 4E, my Wolverine work boots are size 10M.  I ordered these in a 9.5 W and after receiving them, I could have easily worn a 9, but the 9.5 will give me enough room to wear thicker socks during the winter.  Great price too! Was originally looking at them on Zappos, but they were $165!!!
B000XXGMRO Other size I guess size 9/5 should fit perfect!but I loved the boots! The color is so nice also the designer either!
B000XXGMRO Sized down 1.5 sizes... it's worth it! Nice boot! Fit is VERY roomy! Nice quality... not quite like their higher line, but good for me. Must size down!!! From my experience, I wear an 11M in pretty much everything. I read the reviews and knew I would have to size down too. I first started off with a 10.5M... still too big. Returned them with no problem at all. Great return policy I must add! Then ordered a 10M and a 9.5M. The 9.5 was perfect for me! I took out the insole and compared it to my Superfeet Green insole (size 11) and they are the exact same size. Very happy now!! It's true, they are very comfortable right out of the box provided you have the correct size.Good luck & Enjoy!
B000XXGMRO Rugged and attractive This is the sixth pair we have bought.  Durable enough for the jobsite, but don't look like work boots when you need to go to a meeting.  Size is a touch big even with the wooliest of socks.  10 is the smallest size we've ever bought. Usually a 10.5/11 in athletic shoes and an 11 in designer dress shoes.
B000XXGMRO Great boot I ordered a half-size down like all the other comments said to (I wear 11, ordered 10.5) and they fit perfectly!  Great boot. Comfortable right out if the box.
B000XXGMRO need another size I'm a size 9.5 in everything else but the boots size ran to big would have to order size down next time
B000XXGMRO Awesome boot Great quality and style. I would suggest using some mink oil before wearing out. I used some and it gave the shoe a darker better look. I would say it lost one star because i am a size 11.5 and ordered a size 11 which was a little big. I also bought insoles for this book because the insoles seem very flat and will wear out in no time. Worth the extra time and care for this boot, you would pay easlier $100 more for anything similar with the same quality.
B000XXGMRO Awesome for general use, not for the trail. I need to start by saying that I've only had these boots for a couple weeks, so I can't make any bold statements about their long term durability. That said, they look and feel like they're going to hold up just fine. These boots look great, they can even pass for psuedo-dress shoes if you're wearing pants that hide the boot above the ankle. Besides being stylish, they are quit comfortable with one condition (see below).IMPORTANT!!!! Order these boots a 1/2 size smaller than your normal shoe size.I normally wear a 10.5-11, but I ordered these boots in a size 10 and they are a touch on the large size. (Nothing a pair of wool socks won't cure).Cons: While these boots are great for general around town and light duty, I would not recommend them for backpacking/ long distance hiking. They are a bit heavy, and the tongue isn't gusseted (meaning you'll get a lot of pebbles and sticks in your boot).
B000XXGMRO great boot but This are great boots, comfortable and look amazing but they are a little bigo for the size, I am normally size 10 but for this i shoul choose size 9/5. Also, I chose the darker one but it is not...
B000XXGMRO Absolutely Fantastic, but they run large... very large... These boots are incredibly comfortable, durable, and look fantastic.  Just make sure you know what size you are because I'm usually a 12 in other shoes and I'm a 10 in these.  I would definitely recommend these to a friend :)
B000XXGMRO The boots are really comfortable but run large. I usually where a size 10M in athletic shoes and other boots that I have.  For these I had to go down to size 9M.  Others have posted the same, from half size down or full size.  For me it was full size down.  Once you get the right size they are really comfortable and great for fall and winter.  I actually bought two pair.  One burnished brown and one dark brown.  Both are great colors.
B000XXGMRO Awesome boots! I was looking for some good looking waterproof boots to buy my boyfriend for our winter vacations and we were not disappointed with these. It is important to know however, that they do run a bit large. We read the reviews and went down a size and with thick socks they fit. He did say that if he went down another 1/2 size they would be perfect.Hope this helps!
B000XXGMRO Shoes Good fit just a little bit to large compared to other size us 14 footwear that I have previously bought
B000XXGMRO Size A bit larger than expected compared to the last pair of Timberland boots I previously bought. Other than that all good.
B000XXGMRO This one isTooooo large All of Size of My shoes is 10.5,but this one is too large!!!!!!I can't change it because I am in china now.......
B000XXGMRO Too large, and they leak I found this product after days of searching for something that both looked nice and could take the cold Vermont winters. I ordered a size 12 after reading the reviews (I normally wear a size 13). The 12 way far too large, I had to return them and purchase the size 11.5, which is still slightly too big, but work with some wool socks.I received the pair of 11.5s around October 20th. Everything seemed perfect, kept my feet warm, extremely comfortable, and seemed to keep water out.That's where I was wrong. The toe of the boot started to leak earlier today, it appears that the tip of the toe is glued down to the rubber rather than stitched, and this glue is separating. I am literally experiencing deterioration of the product in just over one month of light use.I'm going to try as hard as I can to get these boots immediately replaced or returned, which will be difficult because it's been just over a month.Beware when purchasing these boots, they look good, but don't live up to Timberlands quality reputation at all.
B000XXGMRO Cannot say how pleased I am with these boots I was anxious at first about purchasing these boots online. I have experienced trouble in the past with online shoe shopping as I have a very large foot size as well as them being annoyingly wide. So when I added them to the cart and the store advised me to go half a size below my usual one I became skeptical. However I did as recommended and got a half size smaller as well as a 2E fit and I have to say the have been fantastic! The size and width accommodates for my huge feet perfectly, whilst also remaining in almost brand new condition even after several weeks of constant, straining use. The only problem which I can speak of with these shoes is that there is excess material around the lower ankles (possibly due to it being the wider product) which tends to slightly bunch up when wearing tighter pants. This extremely minor problem is the only reason why I did not give this product a complete 5 star rating. However I am in no way regretting this purchase and would these to anyone who is considering a casual, rugged boot.
B000XXGMRO Not that impressed bought these shoes for the nasty autumn Moscow weather hoping they would keep me dry and comfy but got disappointed.after the very first walk in the rain i found out my left boot is leaking. not great news since i bought them just for that very kind of weather.returning them is not an option as i am from overseas.sizing is another weak point - i normally wear size 10 but even size 9 feels at least half size bigger.had to put another insole for them to fit comfotable.one other thing is that the tongue of the boot is stiched from 2 pieces of leather.you guessed it right - the sitching started to come apart 3 days later.overall i'm not very impressed as i feel quality control is something timberland has overlooked with this particular boots.
B000XXGMRO True Fit Having read a lot of comments about how the boots sizes run large, I went ahead and ordered a pair in my size (10.5D) anyway. I can honestly say that I have never owned a shoe sized truer
B000XXGMRO My feet are secured!! I always was wanting a pair of boot that are strong, light, and good for daily-wear. I wear US MEN SIZE 10 1/2, and that's what I got. (sometimes, the size goes off when I order online). I am very pleased with it.
B000XXGMRO Oh so comfortable I'd wanted a pair for a while, as I'm big into trying to do the right thing for the environment, and I truly believe Timberland are trying. I tried a pair on in a store, a size 7, and they were a half-size too small. I normally am a size 9, but ordered a 7.5 and they're perfect. I really like the way they look, but best of all is how comfortable they are. They're so light, it's like you're wearing a shoe. Very good purchase!!
B000XXGMRO Don't buy these shoes online. Sizing is very off. *update* **updated review**Amazon gave me a full refund without any trouble. Kudos to them. I visited a Timberland to try on different sizes and found that size 9 1/2 was the best fit. That's a full size and half smaller than I what usually wear. The store's price was about $40 more expensive than Amazon's, so I decided to repurchase the shoes here.I have been wearing these shoes for a couple weeks and I really like them. They are stylish and very comfy. I can't say much about the durability but these shoes seem very well built. My only issue is that the mouth of the shoe is very narrow, so you have undo the laces at least half way to get them on or off. Another caveat is that the color of the shoes can vary quite a bit. In the store, the "tanned" version ranged from reddish brown to dark brown. The natural color seems to be somewhere in the middle. I would recommend buying some shoe wax to protect the leather. The wax also makes the leather appear darker and more vibrant.I still recommend trying on multiple sizes before purchasing. For not being true to size, I give the Earthkeepers 2/5. Otherwise, I would rate them 4.5/5.**old review**After reading all the warnings about these shoes running big, I decided to order a size 10 1/2 instead of my usual size 11. When I got to try them on, they were still very big. There was at least an inch between my big toe and the front inside of the shoe. Since the makers of these boots decided to forgo sizing conventions, I don't know what to order next. A size 10 might work but that might still be too long. If I go for a size 9 1/2, my feet might fit lengthwise but the width might be too narrow. I think I will save myself the trouble and return them for a full refund. There is a timberland store near where I live, so I will try my luck there. Hopefully, amazon won't give me too much trouble with the refund; I had cut a tag off to lace the shoes up properly.My advice is to get these shoes from a store where you can try on multiple sizes before buying. Finding the right size through Amazon is like shooting in the dark. People here seem satisfied with their shoes once they found the right size though, so they might be worth the effort.
B000XXGMRO None of the issues other users experienced Read all the reviews talking about how the boots come in up to 1 size too large so i emailed customer support at Timberland, polite lady there told me to just order what i normally wear. Boots arrived in Australia from the US in 4 days (pretty amazing) and fit PERFECTLY.Either they've stepped up their quality control or a lot of people just have no idea what shoe size they wear. It's not too hard people, measure your foot and look up the chart online.
B000XXGMRO nice, run large Order at least a full size down. I where a 10 and ordered a 9 and still could have gone to an 8.5. The 9 will do fine, plus allows for thicker socks. They look great, not quite the same as pictured online but still look good. They can be dressed up or down these boots are very versatile.
B000XXGMRO too large I wear a size 12 and ordered a 12 sent back for 11.5 but should have got a 11 other than size perfect
B000XXGMRO Fit large The style and functionality are great - though it takes some time to lace up properly.  They fit AT LEAST one size larger than expected and had to return them twice, each time downsizing one show size until they fit properly.
B000XXGMRO Good Boot with minor complications Definitely get it a half a size smaller than normal (maybe even a whole size). I bought these boots in 11.5 which turned out to be too big after walking in them for about a week and developing huge blisters on my heels.returning the boots were quick and easy but i was unable to &#34;exchange&#34; them because i guess amazon cannot do exchanges when returns (in this case) have to be sent back directly to the manufacturer. I used my refund to purchase the size down and found a boot that comfortably fits my feet. however, i do believe they are different with extremely slight variations. the stitching around the neck is much higher quality than the 11.5 boots and appears to be somewhat newer. the stitching around the laces and tongue on my 11s are padded and surfaced with a softer material whereas on the 11.5s the leather was simply folded over, then stitched.although the quality changed, I am actually happier with the boots I received in my final order.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots, Bad Service I had heard a lot of good things about these boots and they looked great, so I ordered a size 7 M in "wheat." When they arrived, I saw that the boots were a size 8 placed in a size 7 box. So I made a phone call and through some difficult negotiations with amazon.com customer service, they agreed to send me another pair free of charge. However, when the second pair finally arrived I discovered that this time it was a size 7.5 Wide in a 7 box. One of these mistakes I could understand, but twice was too much. And to make things worse, by that time, the size and color of the boots I wanted were unavailable. So here I am over a month since I first placed my order and still boot-less.
B000XXGMRO Too Large Ok, well I guess one star off maybe two for extremely incorrect sizing. Other than that I can not review the item properly because of course it was way too large. From the look of the item it is a quality product. My only suggestion is to ignore all of the comments here that say buy a half size lower than what you wear. I would suggest buying minimal a full size lower than your current shoe(Actually you would be better off trying them on locally first). I wear a 11.5 and I purchased an 11. The boot is so large I can stick my entire hand in the back gap of the boot.
B000XXGMRO Get a size or two smaller than shoe size! So far I like this boot.  After finally getting my size right.  I wear a 15 or 16 size shoe depending on the make.. Normally 16 and I fit loosely into a size 14 (13 was too small) of this boot.  I bought some Dr Shouls inserts and now it feels great.  I would probably need a size 13.5 but they don't make it.  After I replaced the stock inserts, with after markets, they fit great and are pretty comfortable.  Only had them a couple weeks but so good so far.
B000XXGMRO Way To Large Be careful when ordering, these were very large both in the toe area and width. I had to send them back and the next lower size was not available.
B000XXGMRO Good Boots Typically i wear a 9.5 or a 10, it was my understanding that these boots typically run a half-size large, so I ordered a 9.5. I wish I had ordered a 9.
B000XXGMRO Size matters Somewhat big for my size (about 1 size bigger). The shoes' bottoms do not seem durable, but I like the shoes' style.
B000XXGMRO Awesome pair of boots. I've had these for about a month now. They are my very first pair of leather boots ever and I love them. I wanted one boot that I could wear for winter, hiking, and just because, and these fit the bill. They look really good and have held up well through several hikes of about five or six miles each. A couple of the hikes the weather was pretty wet and no moisture got in. Of course, the tongue is loose, so I'm sure stepping in a deep puddle or hanging out in a constant downpour will allow some water in. They are also quite comfortable. I even wore them for about 19 hours straight walking all over Munich, Germany. My feet were sore, of course, but not as sore as they've been after a day in my usual low-profile trainers.The sizing, like everyone else says, is pretty large. I wear an eleven normally, but I went with a 10.5. Everyone said to go a size down, but my foot is a bit wide, so I thought I'd see how half a size went. Turns out I probably could have done with a size down, and maybe even a size and a half if I wanted a snug fit. But these were partly meant for hiking and for hiking you want your boots to fit just a bit large so you have plenty of toe room, so I've decided to stay with the 10.5, though if/when I buy another pair I might go down to 10.I got them in burnished brown, which ended up being a dark reddish brown, which I actually prefer.They were pretty much broken in and ready to wear right away, but have actually broken in even more. The leather is supple and comfortable. I've read some reviews saying that the sole wears out quickly, but that they would be happy to re-sole them. I haven't noticed any such wear yet, but if the boots last as long as I imagine they will, I'll be happy to re-sole them whenever. And I've never re-soled ANYTHING.TL;DR, If you're looking for a good boot for light hikes that can also be worn on a night out on the town, look no further. Just go a size down.
B000XXGMRO My Mistake. I ordered a size too large (15 instead if the 14w I am). of course they were too big.But the quality and style were great. Returnedthese and ordered 2 different pair of Timberlands which Im very happy with. I definitely recommend anything Timberland, just be sureand oder your correct size.  WG.
B000XXGMRO Excellent Boots that look stylish I have US size 9 feet and got a US size 8 which fit perfectly. These shoes do not require breaking in and are very comfortable right from box. The shape and cut is perfect and the boots are very comfortable to walk in. I recommend this!
B000YDG6FQ Great boot - size is off Great looking boot.  Average comfort.  I wear size 13 Nike, after reading other reviews about the size issue, I ordered a size 12 in this boot.  The 12's fit large but will work with thick socks.
B000YDYY5K Pick your size carefully I ordered these to replace an 8 year old pair of Timberland sandals that I liked very much, but on which the side straps finally gave out.  I liked the styling on these Trailrays - particularly the enclosed rear panel, rather than being open in back like my previous ones.  I received them yesterday (as promised by Amazon - of course!) and am pleased to see that the straps appear to be attached much better, and the top Velcro strap is longer, which allows for better adjustment.  The sole is more aggressive than my previous sandals, which I like as the terrain here at my mountain home is pretty rugged.However, I ordered the same size as my previous pair, and find that these seem a little smaller.  The front toe lip is also a little higher and sharper, and could be a problem.  If I had known this beforehand, I probably would have ordered a half-size up, which I think would eliminate this situation.Otherwise, I am happy with these, and hope to get as good or better wear from them as I did my previous pair.
B000YDYY5K durable Very durable for the cost. it may be true to size but it is recommended that if the feet is wide, one could order 1/2 size up. It is also recommended for kids to play in. It will stand up to heavy terrain and excessive walking. The only drawback is that the toes are a little bit too exposed as the straps recedes a bit too far back.
B000YT182G Nice shoes sized larger This is a sturdy, well-crafted shoe that has feminine touch, but it's sized larger than usual.  One may need to go down 1/2 size or even 1 size for comparable fit.When I received my order in size 8, I found the length closer to size 8.5. My reordered size 7.5 shoe has length similar to normal size 8's, but it's still a little big (on width, slightly in length), and gently flops around my feet as I walk.
B000YT5ZAW ABSOLUTELY SUPERB! This shoe is a dream. Perfectly true to size and width, it's incredibly comfortable. Don't hesitate about getting it in all colors :-)
B000YT9FZ8 Very comfortable Wish I had gotten another color while they were available in my size.  Comfortable, no slip soles.  Fits true to size.
B000ZJZSJY Not true to size These sandals are not true to size....whatever your regular size is order 1 size bigger. Also they are narrow fitting so if you think you have an average size foot then you should take the wide in them.
B0014EE3N6 Angry costumer This is a horrible buy please save your money ! You will not get the size you asked only toddler and you will be stuck with that size no returns !
B0014EE3N6 WRONG SIZE I can't believe this! Upon ordering this shoe I emailed the seller to make sure I get the "big kids" size. Well I never got an response and of course........ I just received the toddler size...... Its sad that I can't trust certain consumers ....I just wanted a good boot for my child...I don't have extra money to spend for their mistakes!!!!!!! Hopefully Amazon will stand up for there customers in cases where the seller is so unreliable..... Hopefully I will get what I paid for....I will update
B001704YR2 Not true to size I love Timberland products. They are all I buy for work and play. I figured 10.5w would fit perfectly as it had with all my other purchases.  Not true!  Almost like the right shoe was crafted wrong!  Left fits perfectly, while right is way too tight.  Cant even wear!
B001708FZE great boot but watch sizing After reading other reviews, I still ordered my regular size as everyone said they ran large. I had the opposite problem, I had to return them for a larger size, but so glad I did.
B001760K56 Nice boots, but the size is on the smaller size After reading the reviews I got size 8, while my size is 8.5.  It took me at least 20 min to put on the boots.  It felt so tight, that I could barely walk.  I had to return them and re-order a new pair, size 8.5.  A few people mentioned a weird shape, this is correct, the foot is squeezed in the middle (between toes and hill), but it is not unbearable.  At the same time my leg doesn't feel squeezed (I'm 5'3" 130lbs).Overall I'm very happy with these boots, they are warm and waterproofed (tested!), and they look good!
B001760K56 Sizing way off I could have sworn that I ordered these boots in a size 8.  A size 8wide arrived. I was able to get the right boot on but it was tight.  I always wear a size 8, so it was surprising it was tight.  I wasn't able to get the left boot on my foot!  When I compared the soles, the left boot was smaller.  Maybe these were a return, but it was very disappointing...so these went back.
B001760K56 Fit is True to Size, Comfortable Walking Boot I ordered these boots specifically for a NYC trip in January. I read other reviews who claimed the shoe ran 1 size bigger than average so I got a 7 instead of my normal 8. The 7 was too small so I returned for my normal size 8 and the fit is perfect. The boot can be worn with thin socks or thick! They even look good with a tunic dress! I gave them 4 starts because I haven't walked around in them fo very longso I can't be sure on just how comfortable they will be.
B001760K56 Timberland Lexiss Boot Beautiful boots and well made, but they DO run small and narrow. I wear a 7.5 and, based on reviews of previous buyers who tended to say the size ran true, I bought these boots in my regular size.  Even with very thin socks they are hard to slip on and are very snug. They've stretched a little and are wearable. I strongly suggest you buy a half size larger than your actual shoe size unless you like your boots tight and don't plan on wearing anything but the thinnest of socks.
B001760K56 Too bad the shoes are too big.. These boots would be wonderful EXCEPT they are not the size they say they are. I wear an 8 1/2 in boots but these shoes are NOT an 8 1/2. My mother, who wears a 9 or 9 1/2, fits in them perfectly. The sizing is way off and you can't go by the size chart. I even went into a store and tried on similar Timberland boot styles and a 8 1/2 fit well. And, the customer service for this company is not helpful at all.But,all that aside, if you were to get the correct size in boots these boots would be amazing. The are beautifully constructed and really sturdy. I love the buckles and the color. It's just a shame they don't fit.
B001760K56 Good purchase. After reading the other reviews about how the size runs a half of size up, I agree.  The boots are very nice, good leather and well made.  I opted for a little extra room just because I wanted to wear them with a heavier sock for cooler weather.  Looks great with skirts, leggings and jeans.
B001760K56 Amazing comfort! These boots are a must! True to size, very comfortable and quality superb! I would definitely buy these again and again!
B001760K56 Size is true - don't buy them bigger Too much said about sizing problems with these boots, so I ordered them bigger to make sure my calves fit. My normal size is 9, calf=15.5in. I bought sz 9.5 and they are very comfortable! I can even put skinny jeans inside the boots. 9.5 runs big for my feet but they are very good with thick winter socks, so no need to return. My only thing, they are somehow shorted than expected (~0.5-1 in)  As for the quality, it's Timberland - that says it all!!! I was waiting for Black Friday sales and I bought them for $122, which I think is a great buy! So, my advice, buy your normal shoe size - at least for average weight girls, the size is true and the boots fit great!
B001760K56 Timberland boots I received these boots & loved them except the size of the boots were one size smaller than the size on the box. I called Shoemall & they sent me a free return shipping sticker.  I returned them the beginning of last week and have not heard anything from Shoemall. It may be because of the holiday. I am hoping they send me the correct size or my money back. The boots were of excellent quality and I received them promptly.
B001760K56 Nice shoes, too big. Loved these boots. They were very good quality and just as described. Only the size was about a whole size too large. Unfortunately, they do not have the size I require.
B001760K56 flippin awesome! I was intimidated by the size of these when I saw them... they looked so big!I wear a size 10 and the shoebox was enormous. Once I put them on I realized that they were really well made and incredibly comfortable. The size thing was less of an issue when I decided that the toe was, in fact extended so the fit is more like a Western boot. With that said, these are so comfortable! The sole is so sturdy and the lining and leather is good quality. I like that you can wear warmer socks with them and that they are a waterproof option that is not a rain boot.I wear these all day long and even when I get home I don't want to take them off so I lie on my bed with them still on my feet. These were a great investment I am getting a lot of use out of already!
B001760K56 unfortunately they are not for me I'm sorry but these boots are not for me...  First,  it was of different size, i have 8.5 but it found out that Timberland boots are one size bigger.the quality of the boots was really good.if not the wrong size they would be perfect.
B001760K56 Timberland does it again! I bought these boots about a week ago- they are true to their size, they will complete your outfit whether you are dressed up or down. I bought the brown ones, they were snuggly at first (Size 7) but after a few hours, there is enough room for your feet to move- very comfortable. Rubber sole makes it even more comfortable. these are my 3rd pair of Timberland boots- and now thinking about getting black ones as well.
B001760OQQ Great boots but the size is strange. I made several attempts to wear these.My normal size is straight 7.5. I ordered a 7 (after trying 7.5)Still an extra 1.5 inches (at least) in the toes. They were way too big.I even considered that these might have been men's.Otherwise, a solid sturdy boot.
B001760OQQ Can't rate this item, was sent the wrong size. Amazon sent the wrong size then ran out of the size I requested.  It was a nice looking boot, I don't know what it wears like since I ordered a size 9 and was sent a size 6.
B0018ZYJWQ Wrong size I had problem, the size was wrong, I asked for 9.5 and you sent to me 8.5, but shoes are ok.
B001AQU9S6 Good Boots, Size on the large size when compared to other Boots I love how comfortable they feel on my feet.  I did forget that Timberland's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes.  Normally I'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland's I would be a size 11.  Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it wasn't bad enough for me to return.  Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable.  It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent.
B001BFDSFC Awesome Boots! They are very nice and comfortable. Amazon had them on sale so the price was a great deal. Notice that they come a size bigger so I had to exchange it for 10.5 since 11.5 (which is my usual size) was too big.
B001BFDSFC a lil on the large size ok I wear timberlands all the time.....size 10w in 6 inch pro'sbought a size 9.5w and was swimming in them...........there quality boot .soft leather. definite recomend
B001BFDSFC review I got this for $45.29 with free shipping. High quality boot in terms of materials, color, texture.I usually wear size 8 for my sneakers, but Amazon dont hav the size, so i order a pair of size 7 and it fits perfectly like my size 8 sneakers.
B001BFMX30 Great looking pair of boots Timberland earth keepers are very comfortable and true to size. Not sure but I don't think they are good in cold weather.
B001C4CIP8 good boots, order at least half size larger. Too tight for my shoe size!!! other than that they are great boots. Just make sure you order a half size larger than you're used to. Maybe even the whole size.
B001C4CIP8 I'm trying to reserve judgement I bought these on a whim because I have had them in my wishlist forever and my old Timberlands just had their soles split and the toes are worn thing. Not bad for 3 years of abuse.Got them next day and put them on and knew right away that there was a problem.  They were much more snug than I had anticipated.I wore them with white socks while lying in bed to just see how they felt because the left meta was putting a lot of pressure on my left foot (the larger of my 2).  I then put on boot socks and adjusted the boot and it seemed much better.I decided to wear them out for an errand to the store and back and had to take them off.  The pressure on the top of my foot was bad enough that it felt like I was getting shin splints.  Once I got them off it was much better.Thoughts:1. The boot is built like Frankenstein's2. The steel toe is 4x stitched and looks tough as nails.3. There are 4 hook/eye on both sides rather than just hooks like my current boots.4. The tongue is thick and completely connects to the outside of the boot to ensure waterproof-nessWhen I put them back in the box I realized that it was labeled 11.5 US  45.5 EU and I've been measured for both and I've always been 11.5 US 46 EU so I don't know what has changed but apparently I order the wrong size.  I'm going to send them back and get a larger size and see if that works.  Otherwise I love the boots and really wanted the internal meta because it's a nicer look.  That and I'm clumsy and drop stuff on my feet all the time so the extra protection is great.Update 2/10/13: I ended up having to return the 2nd set as the 13s(EU 46)were too big.  The only advice I can give is that what ever size you normally wear, I would suggest ordering at least .5 size bigger. So here's a chart of what I learnedTimberland: Size 11.5US = 45.5EUAmazon: Size 13US = 46EUTradehome(measured) 11.5US = 46EUMy measurements above was from our local Tradehome shoe store. Obviously there's no consistency so you'll just have to take a chance.Also, the internal meta does reduce your squatting capability due to it restricting your forward ankle bend.  But it's possible since I didn't find the right size it was all in that issue.Either way, if you can find a pair to fit you I'm sure you love 'em; They look great and are very well built.
B001EBA784 Timberland Pro I bought these January 2012 size 15 mediumso far seem durablePros Comfortable shoesWide space for toesCons It runs a half size to a full size big
B001EBJU82 Fantastic Boots First things first. How tall is this Boot? I measured it from the bottom of the heel to the top of the Shaft. 12 inches. The next thing to think about is that there has never been a Congressional (Footwear Size Standardization Law Passed). So footwear sizes vary from company to company and style to style. Even different styles in the same company will vary. Assuming that you know your foot size your prime consideration is how thick will the socks you will be wearing with these boots be? Sock thickness makes a huge difference in the way any footwear will fit.  I'm planning on wearing thick socks with these boots so I purchased them larger than I normally would. If you plan to do the same thing. Consider One Half to One Full size larger and One to Two Widths wider than you normally wear. Enjoy your new boots.
B001EWFF30 great boot now that I have the correct size Exchanged them for one size larger and I am in  Heaven! I will not hesitate to by again through Amazon
B001EWFF30 Chinese foot sizing is just wrong. I've been wearing size 10.5 for 30+ years.These boots were terrible fit, and I returned them for wide size, which I have not received yet.
B001EWFG98 Look great but... This product looked great out of the box, however, it didn't work for me. I never had a problem with Timberland shoes / boots. They always felt true to size, width and such - not this one though. After trying two pares of these (11 and 11.5) I concluded that there must be something wrong with this particular model since none of the them would fit comfortably. Consider getting these from a retailer who would provide free shipping both ways.
B001FA1IGY Good value for the price I ordered half size larger than usual and they were tight. Very good quality for the money,  Next time I will order 1 size larger.
B001FXZU92 Not bad So far they aren't bad, only had them for about a week though. Seem to be well constructed and true to size.
B001FXZU92 Wide toe box True to size for a boot.  But, not a shoe EE  to M. Boot  size tag should be  move  so it is not a flag. Not to heavy for day to day wear.
B001G8X278 Size Up This is a cute shoe. They look well made and comfortable. Sent the pair I ordered back because they run small.If you buy this shoe size up at least a half size.
B001L1DBQC Comfortable, and sharp, but HEAVY These boots are great.  I'm a weekend warrior - a desk jockey during the week, but a guy that puts his boots through heavy construction, landscaping, and farm use on the weekend.  I typically beat the heck out of any work shoes or boots that I wear.  The boots are very comfortable, solid, and stable.  Others I've tried have not been nearly as supportive as these are. The shank is also stiff, so digging and other foot work with landscaping tools is not a problem, and the arches of my feet don't feel any of the soreness that they would with boots of lesser construction.These boots run full, but true to size.  I made a mistake in intentionally ordering a half size up to accommodate heavy work socks.  (Normally I wear a 10 D medium width and I ordered a 10-1/2 D.)  I found that the half size up was too big though, and reordered my regular size 10's which work just fine, even with the heavy socks.One word of caution  - these things are HEAVY.  If you're wary of putting anything on your feet that weighs a lot, you may want to look at another model.  That being said, I'm very happy with this purchase.
B001LI7HJC Super comfortable a little too big I usually wear a size 5.5 but these fit more toward size 6. I use extra fluffy winter socks to close the gap in size and it works.  They feel great and keep my feet warm.  More stylish than Uggs and better priced!
B001LI7HJC Nice and warm but too large I usually wear size 9 (RLL, MK, BCBG, Steve Madden etc). I ordered these boots (black) also size 9 but they fall off even if I wear thick socks. I should have ordered size 8. Other than that- they are of high quality, warm and look very nice.
B001LI7HJC comflortable boots I love these boots, they are light and comfortable.Especialy the rubber sole is durable and easy to walk.I recommand you to buy the normal size, I bough size 9 with half size up, but they run one size up.They are best boots I ever bought.
B001OI3FUY Comfortable My size is 13... It's not easy to find that size here in Turkey, so I use Amazon and Zappos when a friend is visiting States. I bought this shoe in 2009 from amazon and a Clarks (Axcel) from zappos. Timberland is extremly comfortable compared to Clarks. The leather is soft. Size and width are ok.
B001OI3FUY Very Comfortable very comfortable drivers! my only problem is that they a run a bit too large. If buying must go at least half a size down
B001PKV22E Runs Large but adjustable waistband saves the day These are very high quality jeans.  I have a 4.5 year old son and he just went thru a growth spurt - his size four pants all fit fine in the waist but are way too short, while size 5 jeans won't even stay up.  This size 4 pant runs a bit long so it fits awesome in the length and the adjustable waist band makes them fit his waist perfectly.
B001S5X31E Nice but sizes are off These boots are nice and rugged. Seem tough and durable. I can only have one complaint. The size is wrong. The Regular size and wides are same width. The safety toe limits the true width. If you have wider feet i would look in another direction or i would go 3E or wider to try.
B001SARJXC normal It looks little bulky, also I read reviews there were said it is little bigger than true size, but it was not.  So if you going to buy this shoes you must follow your size.
B001SARJXC Quality Boots This Boot by Timberland is a re-badged version of their Torrance Chelsea Boot. Price online is about equivalent to what you would pay at a department store. So I purchased mine at a department store. Timberland used pretty good high end leather to make this boot. Comes in a matte finish. Touch the leather and you will know. These boots fit very true to size so order your exact size. If your a size 11, then order a size 11. Do not order a 11.5  Unless you like wearing your boots very loose. These boots have a real comfortable inner sole so your feet will feel comfortable. This is my third pair of Timberland boots and by far it is the most comfortable boots. They go great with a pair of dark blue jeans. This is a pull-on boot and not a zip up boot, so you need to put more work into it, to put it on.
B001SARJXC Good boots, one size large These look really good, they add between .5" to 1" to your height which is good if you need it like me (5'8). They are definitely a size too large, i usually wear size 11 and the size 10 i got is just a TAD too big. however i couldn't find 9.5 so i settled with the 10 due to price.Which bring me to my next point. They were on 65% sale at Macy's originally $130. Do the math, I saved a lot of moola and for $45 (how much i paid) you can't beat the quality,comfort and look of these boots.
B001SARJXC Timberland Men's Mt. Washington City Chelsea Boot The boots were delivered in a timely fashion.  So far, the quality seems very good.  I ordered a half size larger than normal because my usual size was not available. I wear an orthotic insole (3/4 length) in my shoes and found that the half size larger was perfect. These boots are very comfortable out of the box.  I hope they keep making them.
B001SARJXC It's what I expected It's what I expected, they fit true to size, very comfortable for a boot and the sale price was just right
B001SARJXC Incredible boots These are amazing boots! I tried to find a pair in a retail store to try them on before purchasing on Amazon and could not. I tried on a pair that looked similar and they ran one size to big. I considered purchasing the Washington City a size to small, but when with my normal size and they fix perfectly. They are very warm and keep my feet dry!
B001SARJXC So far, so good After reading bad reviews of the current Asia-produced Blundstones, I decided to give these a try. I followed the advice of some reviewers and ordered a half size small, which was a mistake - As another reviewer said, if you wear an 11, order an 11, the sizing is very true. So I returned them, got the correct size, and so far they seem very high quality with good leather - also, unlike the Blundstone, these should be resoled fairly easily. Time will tell, but so far, so good, right out of the box.
B001SARJXC Fit To tight The shoe said true to fit but was to tight and hard to get on not true to size. like the look but just to tight  and when you order next size price jump 20 more dollars
B001U0OTCY I'm very glad with this item. I have bought these boots of black color for my brother who lives in Russia. The order has arrived very quickly. The temperature has fallen below zero and he has put them on. He's told me that the boots're soft and the size has perfectly approached. My brother has size 10, but I read the comments here that it is necessary to buy a 1/2 size smaller than usual. I did so and bought 9,5. Boots perfectly look with jeans. When he has put them on, he's started to dance, the boots have appeared very convenient and soft.
B001U0OTCY Boot Sizing I purchased these boots for myself. I did a lot of reviewing, on the internet and Amazon, and decided that these boots were not only good looking but were exactly what I wanted for snow shoveling and getting around in the snow. My only concern was picking the correct size. Some reviews said they were true to size, others said they were to small, while others (the majority) said they ran about 1/2 size to big. This was the big problem in not being able to try a pair before purchasing. I went with the majority and ordered a 1/2 size smaller then my shoe size. They seem to fit OK but because the front part of the shoe is a little narrow my small toe seems to be a little tight in one foot (the right). I seem to have a enough clearance on the big toe that if I had order my normal size then my foot might have slipped around. What I am not sure of is could I have corrected for this with a thick sock. As it is now I have to wear a light weight sock. I have been wearing them around the house for the time being and they seem to be feeling a little better so maybe there is a break-in period. The other area of concern is where the tongue joins the main part of the shoe. This seems to create a bump in the leather right where my ankle bone is. I again hope that when used in the snow and the leather softens this will go away. I honestly don't know if I have the right size since I have not had much of a chance to wear them. I think it will all work out with use and the boots themselves should be exactly what I was looking for.Well, if finally snowed. Only 3" but it gave me a chance to really use the boots. After using them for some shovleling and walking around in I now feel confident about the 1/2 size smaller. They seem to need a a little time to break in. Even the bump around the tongue seems to have gone away.
B001U0OTCY The wrong size! I was disappointed when i got this shoes.I selected a 13 size and truly i got 15 size. Its too big and i can't wearing this.The quality is great even better than i thought and looks the same. If not the wrong size, i would be happy.
B001U0OTCY Timberland Men's Rime Ridge Premium Waterproof Snow Boot 11.5 M These shoes are good but their size is slightly greater than indicated in the size charts.
B001U89OGM Fit to size I had trouble figuring out what size to buy. From reviews on these boots and other timberland boots it seemed like they ran a size large. So I compromised and ordered in the middle an 8. When they came they fit a little too snugly. I have returned them and ordered my true size an 8 1/2 they have not arrived yet but I am guessing from what the 8s felt like that these boots do fit true to size. Hope this helps folks.
B001UE6WDE Great Boots for my little one!!! I really liked them! They are true to the size and the quality is very good!!!
B001VNCKJ4 1/2 size small was still too big. What I like: The look, the comfort of the footbed, and the very high quality of the leather, cut, stitching, laces and sole. The zipper does help get them on and off easier.What I don't like. Based on reviews I bought size 8 1/2 for my size 9 foot but the shoe is still 1/2 size large (long in the toe and a bit loose in the heal). These boots smell like glue instead of the expected leather smell. (I imagine they had just been built and boxed recently and the glue would fade and let the leather breathe).What I'm not sure about: The rubber soles are a fairly thin (compared to vibram) and seem to be a softer rubber too. I don't know if they wear fast but it seems they might.
B001VNCKJ4 Great Boots - Lots of compliments Boots fit great.  Just as I expected.  However, I did have the opportunity to try on a pair at a retail location before ordering.  The retail location had the size above and below what was comfortable and found the in-between size here.
B001VNCKJ4 Comfortable, stylish but with sizing and laces challenges I'm not sure where all the advice is coming from on sizing these down a 1/2 size.  I wear a 10, sometimes a 10.5 (depending on the shoe), so got these in size 10.5.  I can barely get them on.  The issue is the instep.  I unzip the boots and loosen the laces a lot and I still have to tug and work to get these on.  Now, once on, they do fit comfortably, so I think the size is actually right.  However, had I gone with a size 10, there would be no way I could get them on.  I guess it depends on if you have high insteps or not.  Never thought I had especially high insteps, but these are tight on me and many others think going down a half size is the thing to do.Also, these have rope laces.  I find they come untied frequently.  And, yes, I know not to tie a granny knot.  They stay tied if I tighten the laces at the top of the boot pretty well and then tie the knot.  That ensures enough tension on the laces to keep them secure.  But, if there is much play at all between my ankle and the boot at the top, the laces will loosen and then come undone.Apart from those criticisms they are indeed comfortable.  I could walk around in them all day.  I like the styling too, although (laugh!) when I opened these as a Christmas present from my wife, she immediately said they were the ugliest shoes she had ever seen!  Heh!  I think she needs to learn some things about men's fashion.
B001VNCKJ4 great looking boot I got these boots for my boyfriends birthday (he picked them out) he absolutely loves them.  It's a great looking boot, looks nice with jeans or casual pants. They do run a half size larger.  I read that in other reviews and glad I got the 10.5 instead of his 11 shoe size.  They fit comfortable.  If I'd let him in would of slept in them.
B001VNCKJ4 I love these boots! Size down I love these boots. Size down though. I normally wear a size 12 but I had to go down to a size 11. Once I got the right size they fit and felt amazing.For comparison I wear a size 12 in Reeboks, Adidas, Aldo, Converse Jack Purcell. I wear a 11.5 in Chuck Taylors. I wear an 11 in Timberland earthkeepers city zip. Hope that helps. It would've saved me some hassle of exchanging had I known that to start.I have had mine for a few months and I wear them a lot. There has been no wear and tear on them besides a few little scuff marks.
B001VNCKJ4 true to size, nice looking I found the size to be true.  After I read the other reviews, I ordered a 10 instead of my usual 10.5 and found them too small
B00295RHNM Love these boots! Thanks to other reviews,I knew in advance to order 1/2 size larger. But wore them from day one, without a problem. Very comfortable !
B00295RHNM Great work boots I ordered a half size larger as the other reviewers recommended and they're really comfortable. I can wear them all day for site inspections and normally I'd be dying to take my shoes off, but with these I've been just fine.
B00295RHNM Order a half size larger and possibly wider I have worn Size 9 Medium Timberland boots for years and I did not look at the reviews on this boot.  I had to return them because they were too tight as indicated in the other reviews.  I ordered a half size larger and ordered the wider width since the composite toe will not give like leather.  These are a quality made boot offering all the features I need on the farm but the sizing is too small thus the four stars.
B00295RHNM Order half size bigger I read all of the reviews and everyone said to order a half size bigger. I'm glad I did. They are also very narrow. I ordered wide and I think they almost feel like a normal shoe, I can not imagine what the regular feels like. So far the shoes are great!
B00295RJIU Good quality shoes These shoes are so comfortable! I wear a size 8.5 and found these to be just slightly too big, and was afraid that if I exchanged them for a size lower, then they would be too tight. So, I decided to keep them and just wear some thicker socks with them them. They look much cuter in person than in picture! Very satisfied with my purchase.
B0029XG5YG These boots are amazing! This boot runs 1 to 1.5 size to small. My regular shoe size is 10.5. In Timberland work boots I'm size 11. However, when I ordered this boot in 11 they were too small. So I sent them back and exchanged them for a size 12 and the 12 fit perfectly so I would suggest getting one size up.
B002ASAJPG Comfortable boot I bought these boots for a gift and my boyfriend loves them. He's only had them 3 months and only wears them on the weekends, so I don't know how they'll hold up long term. But he said they're very comfortable to stand in all day on uneven surfaces. With all of the safety aspects to the shoe, they're somewhat on the heavy side, but he said that doesn't bother him. I'm thinking of getting a pair for myself. They do run small. He needed to go up a full size--his usual shoe size is 10.5 and he took 11.5 in this boot; although he does tend to wear thick socks. We tried an 11 medium and had to exchange it. The exchange was very easy.
B002ASAJPG Amazon and Timberland Come Through Again! I ordered size 12 because the timberland's I odered are a half size bigger the the 11 1/2 that I usually wear.  But when I rcv'd the boots they were still &#34;tight&#34; (only issue with ordering on-line).  I rtrn'd them for an exchange to size 13 and they fit great.I needed a boot that had a steel toe, a puncture resistant sole, non-marking and were H2O resistant.  I'm a home inspector and can end up in some strange conditions plus the boots are extremely comfortable.Hats off to the makers of Timberland boots.  You've got a customer for life.Dave Hemming
B002ASAJPG Great boots, if I got the right size. The boots look great and have all of the requirements I am looking for.  I tried some on in a store to hopefully order the correct size.Unfortunately they did not fit.  There was only one variable that changed and that was the ordered boots were waterproof.  Didn't think that would make a difference.No big deal, ordered another set and I am returning the originals.
B002ASAJPG great boots Ordered wrong size. Sent back for right size and I love them. I'm on the job at least 12 hours a day and they are the beat I've had so far
B002ASAKN2 I have already recommended this product and also buying it through Amazon. They looked like nice shoes so I ordered my normal size. They seemed a little snug in the toes so I asked for a trade.I got the next size up and they seem about as perfect as I have ever had. Amazon was so easy to work with and no additional charges were added.My son has recommended Amazon to me because of the ease of doing business and he was right!I love Amazon and my new work shoes!!
B002ASANG6 Cant figure out the size chart All my friends have that model and love it.i just cant figure out the size for me.ordered 12w(wide)and its more narrow than regular,so i returned it.
B002CVUSY8 read the posted reviews about this shoe running slightly large so I ordered my size accordingly and all fit well. read the posted reviews about this shoe running slightly large so I ordered my size accordingly and all fit well.
B002CVUSY8 Received wrong brand and wrong size Not sure what happened, but ordered these for my husband for Christmas.  Instead of Timberland boots, size 10.5, we received Sketchers boots, size 11.
B002MAS1O8 lot w aleman I send them back to get the right size 11 thats my size i hope you can send them back to me thanks
B002MAS1O8 Got these black boots! I got what I needed! These black boots! I wanted to get size either 8.5 or 9 but the only size they had available were size 8 and I've been dying to get these roll top shoes! They came today and in happy!
B002NEGCC6 Shose are great, size is not match with the size info that amazon supply. I like the shoes very much! I chose the choes size in size info is us9.5(eu 42), but acctually the shoes size is us9.5(eu43.5). I don't know why. Luckly, i could wear them. Hopefully, someone could improve this!
B002NEGCC6 Very comfortable, runs half size large I usually wear 9.5 but after reading the reviews about the shoe running a little large I decided to get size 9 instead and they are a perfect fit! been wearing them Monday-Friday for a month or a little more now and could not be happier with this purchase.I work in an office and hate wearing shoes as I find them boring and not comfortable enough to go out for walks in during my lunch break. With these I can go for a walk in comfort. They do require a little wear-in period though. I would definitely buy these again if still available. Definitely recommend for the working man who likes a little bit of style and comfort.
B002NEGSI4 review The size is true to size. Look very fashionable, feel absolutely comfortable, very light. The look is much more expensive than the cost. Very fast shipment. I would recommend to anyone for any occasion: classical, casual, sports.
B002OHEEG8 Very satisfied We just got these shoes.  We love the color.  My daughter is a size 11 right now.  I ordered that size since it is almost summer and I want her to get use out of these sandals now.  They fit great.  In fact, if I ordered another size up, she would not have been able to wear them now because they would have been too big and she would have tripped over them.  They fit great, look good and will be perfect for summer.  Wish they were not so plasticky looking and more "soft" but they were are great price with a reputable brand and I am totally satisfied.
B002OHEEG8 SIZING WRONG! By Amazon's size chart, a toddler whose foot measures 7 inches should wear a size 11.  So that is what I ordered for my boys.  These sandals measure a little over 8 inches in length and are HUGE on my 4 and 5 year-old boys.  Who is wrong here?  I have checked other size charts that say the same size is appropriate for my boys.  But these sandals are NOT the size they say they are!
B002OHEEG8 Great Shoes, True to size and pictures. Great Shoes, True to size and pictures.My daughter loves this pair.
B002QVGQQS Hard to find style and size. My husband is super picky about his boots.  He always wore the basic timberland style ankle boots in the early 90's and when they stopped making them it was a pain to find boots he could wear with his jeans that were not huge and bulky.  Thank goodness I saw these in Macys and ordered them off Amazon .. save a ton of $$ and amazon had his size.
B002QVGQQS great shoes bought them myself, I'm glad. 41 size of the Russian took 8m came perfectly. Leather is great, the sole medium size, not heavy on warm socks to -15 super. Take not regret
B002YOMJPY Smaller than expected I am 12 D US size in most of the shoes and 12.5 in the running shoes. I bought these in 12 3E US size and they are squeezing my toes from all directions. 13 US would be way too large because according to the Timberland size chart it translates to 47.5 EUR (compared to 12 US which is 46 EUR).Would recommend at least 1/2 size up if you are between sizes or have slightly wide feet.Besides the size issue, the boots are rather nice, flexible and light.
B002YOMJPY Size comparison Size 14 is a bit smaller than Reebok size 13 gym shoes. (Your toes will hit the front of the boots) Returned for size 15. Fits perfect, super comfy!
B002YOMJPY Everything I expected and more this is definitely a solid boot, it has done everything I have expected plus the shoe fits true to size. If you are looking for a solid pair of boots for the winter time, this is it.
B002YOMJPY I like them lot & very comfortable I looked everywhere for this size and was actually told Timberland didn't make these in a size 7 in one Dept store, so I went online and found what I was looking for on Amazon.  These boots are comfortable and just what I needed for work. Oh I'll be back to order another pair soon :)
B002YOMJPY Exellent boots for rainy autumn Quality is the best, size is little bigger, than my foot, but that's all right, size 13.5 is missing =)For euro size 46/47 14W is good choice.
B002YOMJPY Fits True to size I recently purchased these boots and I must say they are very comfortable and seems well built. I ordered a 9.5 and they are true to size any smaller they would be too tight any bigger they would have too much space. Prime shipping came on time as expected and I would order again!
B002YOMJPY Excellent shoes! I love the fit, I love the look, and I am very happy that I bought these shoes. Highly Recommended! One thing I would suggest; consider buying a size larger than your actual size. I thought I was size 13, but I bought these in size 14. The exact size might have been too &#34;cozy.&#34;
B002YOMJPY Exc product, I want to order another pair Fits amazing, not heavy at all, the size if you use Adidas or Nike order the same size... If you want something cheap and Durable get one of those!
B002YOMJPY I Love this Boot I bought these boots about 2 years ago and I absolutely loved them.  My 13 year old son now wears a size 13 and was wearing my boots!!!!  I decided that since I actually wear a size 12, I would let him have my 2 year old boots and I'd order myself a size 12.  I love the fit and the way the Boots feel on my feet.
B002YOMJPY Adjust your size. The boots are too small.  Order at least a half size bigger than your regular size. Otherwise they are great.
B002YOMJPY What can I say I'm 6'5,  250+lbs, Shoe Size 13, Men's Size 13 D (M) Boots fits well and they are very comfortable, cozy, and stylish. Delivered to me at the exact time they said it would be delivered. Hope to make future purchases.
B002YOMJPY Nice lightweight boot. I have only been wearing these for three days and I can tell you that these boots needed a lot less breaking in than other more exp ensive boots I've owned. I work at a large facility located on 86 acres and I do a lot of walking indoors and outside. I normally wear a size 12D with sneakers like Nike, Reebok and New Balance. Past experience with Timberlands taught me that they tend to run a little large for the advertised size, so I ordered size 11.5D and the fit is pretty good, although there is still a little &#34;wiggle room&#34; inside, so perhaps an 11D would have been absolutely perfect. I'm keeping the 11.5's because I can simply switch to thicker socks; which would make the fit optimal. These boots are only lightly insulated, so they may not be the best choice IF you plan on wearing them for hours outside in single digit temperatures, but they are fine for an hour or two of snow shoveling and slush runs right off them and doesn't soak in, so at least your feet stay dry. The EVA inner soles help provide decent comfort, but I'd like to see it offer just a bit more cushioning...only because I spend so much time on my feet. I suppose I could just pick up an inexpensive pair of foam liners at a department store to add another layer, and because these were a tiny bit large for me, I have the room to do just that. This isn't saying the boots aren't comfortable..They are! I'm just looking to spoil my feet a little bit more. Overall, I'd give these boots a solid 4 star rating and a good buy. No regrets. Just remember to drop down 1/2 to a full size when you select yours.
B002YOMJPY Great but My entire life I have been a size 10. While I first put these on they felt very comfortable, but around 8 hrs and the end of my shift my feet begin to throb. I think they feel a little smaller than other size 10 I have worn. I am using black thin ankle socks, have not tried them with any others.
B002YOMJPY timberland white ledge boots Not what I expected from Timberland.  The boot fit was very large, seemed flimsy and kind of cheap.  I never got to wear them so I can't attest to longevity or how comfortable they are after wearing them for 8 hours.  I returned them to try another size but they were out of size 10s so I ordered another brand to try.
B002YOMJPY Great Boots to buy for everyone - for outdoor, casual and office too as semi formal. I ordered a pair to India and it has been delivered earlier than estimated date of delivery.  The quality is so good as explained and fit to size. The soft leather makes you to fall in love with it. I didn't find this model in black in India and I felt I should compromise on quality when purchased through online. But it is not true. It reached my expectations in terms of quality, size, style and style. Finally great boots for all needs. I'll persuade my friends to have a pair of this one too.
B002YOMJPY Great Tim's Timberland has always been a brand i value and it has not disappointed me. This pair was somewhat large because i took a half inch bigger than my normal size.  Should you buy one, please take your exact size.  I'm a size 10, i took a 10.5.  All in all these are great shoes, very comfortable inside, leather looks strong and waterproof - good for rainy days.  The overall outside appearance does appear a little bulky however I would highly recommend it.
B002YOMJPY The Fit is Perfect I wear size 14, it is not easy for me to find shoes so I took a gamble on these boots on the gamble was a good one.  The size was the right fit and not loose or to tight.  I have not been able to see if these are waterproof or not but I am confident in saying that this is the best pair of boots I have ever had.
B002ZCKJBQ true to size They run true to size, so don't get them too big thinking you need sock room, they've already accounted for that :) They're durable, stylish considering they're waterproof, seems expensive for a kids shoe but worth it.
B0034G54BM I bought a 9. 5, my regular size ... I bought a 9.5, my regular size and they don't fit.  their too tight.  So I had to return and the next size up is $50.00 more?  That is absolutely crazy!  I'll be purchasing differnt boots.  :(
B0034G54BM Working on Buying Each Color True to size, i'm a little sad since i went a size too big but i love them anyway.  I get tons of compliments, it's nice to have something hot everyone on the planet doesn't have as well.  My fav riding boot style to date!
B0034G54BM love it first off the people who helped me at Amazon were amazing.  i ordered the wrong size by accident and then reorder.  they worked to stop the original order in transit so I would not have to go through the hassle.  ALl through the process, they contacted me to let me know the status.  I was very pleased with Amazon.Now the product.  THey are very comfortable, stylish and fit over jeans easily.  True to size.  I have a fairly large calf so I ordered the wide and were not droopy at all which was my original fear.
B0034G54BM Great boot! Snug fit. I'm a high heel girl but had to have these boots. I ordered my true size (7.5) in the burgundy. They are beautiful. It is a dark warm brown color. The fit is tight, and like others can only wear them with a thin sock. I tried them on with thin cotton socks and the toe area was pulled tight when putting my foot in the boot. Perhaps a thin slippery type of sock would be better. I have thin boney feet that are not wide in the slightest and feel tightness in the bunion area. Because these are leather, they will stretch some and will conform to my feet. If you are debating on what size to order, start with your true size. The snug fit feels secure on your feet. If you need more comfort room and wish to wear heavier socks then go up 1/2 size. Think of pumps, if they're too loose then your feet slide out of them. If that is the fit you can accept then order your true size. If not, size up 1/2 size. I hope this review helps.
B0034G54BM Love the boots...but I have been looking for some riding boots to where with jeans and when I saw these I knew they would be perfect.  As usual I read ALL the reviews before I ordered them.  I was really concerned about the size b/c there were so many different perspectives...fit true to size, order a larger size, get a wide, etc.  So I decided to order the same size I had in the other boots that I own by Nine West which was a 9.  I ordered two pair they were goregeous but I had one major concern about the packaging.  The black pair did not have any of the boot stuffing or card board inserts.  The suede portion had marks on it,and they looked like they had been used.  The actual boot box was also damaged.  However, the other pair were perfect and looked brand new.  That really concerned me.  I like to keep the cardboard in my boots to hold its shape when i'm not wearing them and also to separate the two shoes while they are in the box.  I immediately requested a return.  I sincerely hope that the next pair are brand new.
B0034G54BM great boots I wanted to order these boots for a long time, and I'm very happy with them. They fit well, after reading ither reviews I did order a half size larger than my size and in a wide. I'm glad I did, they fit great.
B0034G54BM Fantastic boot at a Great Price! I LOVE these boots.  They were sold out on Zappo's, so I checked Amazon - not only were they in stock but $80 cheaper!  Wow!  I now cross check the prices on any shoe orders having learned a very valuable lesson.  That aside, the boot is well made and very sturdy with a nice tread.  I love that the upper cuff is somewhat adjustable to calf size and the inside zipper is full-length.  They were comfortable from even the initial wear.  On sizing, I did order my normal shoe size (I didn't even go up a size like I normally do for boots) BUT I did take the advice and ordered a WIDE for my normal-width feet.  I'm very happy I did.
B0034G54BM Very pleased! I recieved my boots today, and they were wonderful! Great fit, and true to size. I ordered them in a size 7 which is my acutal size and they fit wonderfully.Mines came without any marking on them and were wrapped up very well inside of the box. I'm very pleased overall with these boots and look forward to rocking them in the fall/winter! :-)
B0034G54BM LUV THESES BOOTS! I usually wear a size 7 1/2 but after reading other reviews I went for the size 8 and glad I did they fit perfectly. The leather is high quality, looks and feels great. I have a wider foot and they don't pinch at all plenty of room to move without being too loose. These boots are well  worth the purchase.
B0034G54BM AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE AMAZING I first ordered an 8.5M but its not true to size so sent it back to Amazon for a size up.  I was so pleased that I got the replacement within 3 days.  I love these boots.  Its quite comfortable and stylish.  The traction of the sole is a bonus.
B0034G54BM Fabulous Boot This is a very nice, very comfortable boot. Based on other reviews, I ordered 1/2 size larger than my normal size, and I got a wide size. They're great with jeans - I wear them all day without any discomfort. I love the sole - nice and sturdy. Great buy!
B0034G54BM I'd like them a lot, but I think there's a "Bad Batch" of size 9s. I've been looking for books like this for a long time, and was really happy to find these--and for a great price. I'm generally an 8-8.5, but I read reviews here & know I'll be wearing thick socks, so I bought a pair each of size 9 regular and size 8.5 wide. The size 9 fits better, but the outside edge of the right sole raises up weirdly, almost as though the sole is scooped, so from the right edge of the ball of my right foot and continuing all the way to my toe, it's very uncomfortable & I can tell that it'd be painful if I continued to wear them.The 8.5 pair didn't have this problem ... but didn't fit as well, so ordered a second pair of 9s to see if they also had the problem. They do (also on the right foot). So I'm assuming that there's a chronic problem with the right foot of the size 9s. The question is how chronic the problem is. Would I need to order 30 pairs to find one that doesn't have it? And it's not an obvious problem, like the stitching coming out, so it's making me feel a little crazy. I'm returning one pair of the 9s and trying various insoles with the other pair to see if I can make it manageable (& still fit a thick sock). If not, I'll have to return them, too.
B0034G54BM Beautiful boots!  Lots of compliments!  They look great! So why did I give a 4 star rating?  The footbed is hard.  The boots are terrific and I ordered them a half size bigger than my normal size so I could wear thick socks.  (By the way - these boots are TRUE to SIZE).  However, now I plan to put an Ariat foot bed liner.  Either way - I WOULD BUY THESE AGAIN!  The price is right - and they look terrific.
B0034G54BM timeless, gorgeous, beautiful! These boots are gorgeous, I have them in taupe, too!  I was going to return one of them, but I can't bear to part with either pair.  The taupe are the most eye catching and appealing, but I wear a lot of black.  Bootleg jeans will tuck into these no problem, just fold them over and roll up once.I am not one to spend a ton of money on clothes and shoes, but for quality items that won't go out of style, I will!  These are definitely one of those purchases!I am a curvy athletic girl, 5'8" 155 lbs, size 8.  My calves are muscular but normal (to me!), and these fit perfectly.  Also, I wear a shoe size between 10 or 11, and I got these in a 10, and I have been wearing them with thin socks.  they are totally comfy.
B0034G54BM mismatched the boots, though both were marked 9.5, were not the same size; the right boot was 1/4 inch shorter than the left
B0034G54BM Timberland Quality!!! Everything is perfect with these boots!!! Style, Quality, Fit, and Price. I have had such great luck with Timberland Products and these boots were no different. I have an average size 8 foot at medium width and these boots fit well. My Arch is a little high and I have no discomfort what so ever. Fit and size seem to be very true, when they say 8 it is an 8.
B0034G54BM Beautiful!! Just got these boots in the mail today. They are absolutely beautiful and fit great. Wasn't sure if I should get a bigger size or not. But I got my size and they fit great. Plus, they are cheaper here at amazon then zappos and the timberland store.
B0034G54BM Super comfy This shoe is super comfy and stylish. Am absolutely amazed that it is by Timberland. But I have to recommend going a half size up to ensure fit
B0034G54BM One Size Too Small!! I should have heeded the previous recommendations... I am a true size 8 and I could not get these on. I asked for a different size, but have not received them nor a refund...very unhappy.
B0034G54BM Great boots! I get lots of compliments on my new boots! I love them! I am tall and slender with long slender feet. I usually wear size 10 shoes but after reading the reviews I ordered 9.5 and they fit perfectly!
B0034G54BM Nice leather boots! I ordered in a size 7 in these boots and they fit great. I have purchased other items from Timberland and know that I fit a half size down from my normal size (7.5)... The only problem I encountered with these boots is that I have to wear thick thick socks with them because the part with the lower buckle, front of ankle(ish) area, is kind of roomy. Keeping in mind that I have tiny ankles! The lower buckle does not tighten any more to cinch the boot down over your foot, simply for looks.
B0034G558E Great boot -- true to size I just got these boots and had been watching them for a while to get a great price.  I am so glad that I got them.  They are a great height, not too tall, not too short, can wear them with boot cut jeans, over skinny jeans, and definitely with a casual dress/skirt.  A few people have reviewed them as being on the small size, but if you're debating, go with your true size.  I am a true 9.5 and find them very comfortable with a pair of thick smartwool socks.  Have been wearing them since I got them and they just keep getting more comfortable, so far, no break in period at all.  I am a little bummed that they are made in China, but other than that, they are perfect.
B0034G558E Very dissappointed I have always worn a size 10M shoe.  I ordered these in size 11M because the other reviews said they ran about 1/2 size small.  When the boots arrived, my hopes for them were quickly diminished when I could barely squeeze into them. I was thinking about exchanging them for a an 11 wide but the jump in price was enormous.  11m was $112 and the 11w was $179.99! I did not exchange them but returned them and bought a cute pair of boots that fit perfect for $75.
B0034G558E Great boots I love looking at them. I did a half size bigger than my normal size, because of other reviews I'd read, and it fit perfectly. I kinda wished the buckled extended over the zipper as actual extra support, instead of being just for show.
B0034G558E GREAT BOOT!!! I first purchased the brown ones and when the black ones went on sale I immediatley purchased them  LOVE TIMBERLAND. True to size and very comfortable.
B0034G558E Love them! I bought this pair mainly for traction on snowy days.  They far exceeded my expectations.  They are also quite lovely. I wear size 8.5 and the shoes are true to size.  They look good with tights. They can also be comfortably worn under jeans.  My favorite snowboots ever.
B0034G558E Love these boots! Awesome boots!  Easy to get on and off at the airport, feel like they were made just for me, and beautiful!  I was initially skeptical about the light color, but they are gorgeous and go with everything.  I just walked five miles in them yesterday and they were comfortable the whole time!  Size tip-get the largest size you can wear.  I wear anywhere from a 7.5-9.0.  After reading the reviews I decided to get a size 9.0 and am so happy I did.  On a side note-the inside is lined with a pretty material so they look good on or off.  :)
B0034G558E Very stylish I really like these boots! So much I wish they sold them as a taller pair that goes up to the knee. They're comfy and stylish. I ordered them a size larger and they fit perfectly
B0034G558E Timberland Earthkeeper Boots I usually wear a size 6 1/2 shoe, but I decided to go a half size larger. So, I chose a 7 shoe size that seems a little tight. However, I am happy my product!
B0034G558E In Love These boots look GREAT with jeans and shorts. I wear a size 10 narrow but I bought a size 10 wide and they fit perfectly. My daughter always borrow them. I think I'll buy her the brown pair so I can borrow hers. 8^)
B0034G558E Smaller than a regular size The leather and style is good,and met my expectation, but I cannot wear thick socks anymore,adjusting the laces does help a bit, and i might need to buy a longer laces to make it a lot easier to adjust and make myself more comfortable.i should have ordered a bigger size.
B0034G558E Kinda Perfect I ordered both colors (brown and black) and they are gorgeous--look exactly like the picture.Also, they fit true to size. After reading the reviews, I thought I'd be safe with getting 1/2 size bigger... I normally wear 71/2 regular shoes, and size 8 for running. So, I decided to go with my &#34;larger&#34; size and these are definitely a half size too big. Unfortunately, I am sending the 8's back for a 71/2, especially considering the leather will stretch out after a few wears and my foot will be sliding around in them.My only complaint is the top-to-bottom narrowness, where it creases across the top of my foot.  I'm hoping that they will break into for a slightly more comfortable fit.
B0034G558E Good boots, not true to size I ordered these boots to replace my own pair, which were failing apart. I wear boots everyday so I wanted something akin to my fashion but also well made. These boots delivered! They are solidly built, and nice to look at. They do have a few faults, however. The laces that come with the boots are a bit on the short side, so if you need to make the top bigger to fit your calves (I did), it brings the laces to their very end, even if you only slightly loosen them. I had to go out and buy longer laces. the boots also do NOT run true to size. They are pretty narrow, so if you have wider feet definitely get wide width! They also run 1/2 - 1 size smaller. I normally take around a 10, sometimes 10.5. I ordered an 11 since they did not have 10.5 available at the time (I figured if they definitely didn't fit I could return them unworn). Let me tell you I needed every inch of those 11's to fit the length of my foot. I have wider feet, but ordered the normal width since the size was larger than I normally take, and because I don't always need the wider width. This did allow space for my foot and I didn't need to return for the wide width. I do have one caveat with the boots, since having to purchase a larger size really doesn't bother me at all. The one problem is the boots seem to have a large amount of space in the heel, which sometimes makes them slip a bit when walking. Other than this, they're perfect!
B0034G558E My first on-line boot order I love these boots!! They fit very well and are true to size. Stylish, comfortable and hopefully last a great deal longer than the cheaper versions I've owned. Thank you Amazon!
B0034G558E Love these boots! I initially saw these in Macy's the day after Christmas.  I tried them on and really liked them but was unwilling to spend $139.99 even though they were on sale.  I stopped in the Timerband store and they were selling them at the full retail price of $180.00.  I found them on Amazon for $124 and had added them to my shopping cart but didn't purchase them right away.  To my surprise, a week or so later the price had dropped to about $94 and I jumped on that deal.  I own the traditional woman's timberlands and for me they always ran 1/2 size large.  For me, this style of boot fit true to size and I purchased my normal size 10.  I love the height of the shaft and was specifically looking for a boot this size.  I find the footbed to be very comfortable.  I usually add insoles to most of my boots for greater comfort but I found that I don't need to do that with these boots.  Because the tongue on this boot is a soft fabric there's no pressure against your leg.  The boot zips on the inside but you also have the option of tightening or loosening the laces as needed.  I've worn them all day with no discomfort at all.  Very stylish with leggings or a skinny jean.  All in all....a great buy for me.
B0034G558E Love them.  Great boot. Love these boots.  They are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. I read all the reviews and ordered a 1/2 size up just in case (because sometimes a 9 can feel snug), but there was no need.  These do fit true to size and now I have a little extra room for heavy socks in the winter if I choose.
B0034G558E Love these boots Was told to order 1/2 size bigger but when my boots arrived I found them to be too big. I reordered in my size 8 and the fit was perfect.
B0034G558E True to size! I bought these for my girlfriend, since they were cheaper online than at the mall. The size of her foot and the boot size were perfect, and the boots arrived on time. Quality product. Hopefully she'll wear them often, and not want another pair in a different color within 2 weeks. ;)
B0034G558E Marketing/Merchandise Error - Lack of Available Product While this item shows that it is available in a size 9 on Amazon as of December 1st.  I received a message on 11-30-2010 that my order from 11-27-2010 cannot be fulfilled as there was an error in the warehouse.  The item is in fact not available in a size 9.  I am not certain why/how Amazon continues to show the size 9 as available on December 1, 2010.
B0034G5IPY Lovely looking but way tight. Just got these. They have to go back. They are lovely boots but the whole foot is way too tight. I have a average size width and arch. I normally wear a 7. I might order a 8 if I don't find something I like better.
B0034G5JUS Great Boot True to size, I ordered a half a size up and could have just stuck with my true size 8, rather than the 8.5.  Extremely comfortable!  Made very well, Shaft is wide enough to tuck pants in or leave them out.  Hardware is a muted gold, overall, so very pleased with this boot....it will get a ton of wear!!!!!!
B0034G5KAC ugh... not so good I was super stoked to receive these boots, but they just weren't for me.  The style was as shown, chocolate brown was very deep and rich.  I was really dissappointed to find that the fit was awful! These were in no way comfortable or flattering (on me). I have never worn Timberlands before, and I discovered I would need at least 1/2 - 1 full size larger than my normal size. The calf did not fit well either, it was slightly too tight for my 14.5"ish calves and baggy the rest of the way down, and not in that cute, slouchy way.  Unfortunately, these are not the ones for me, and I didn't like them enough to exchange for a bigger size.
B0034G5KAC They're great! Look nice. The quality is great, the color-i love it. One thing only - order half size bigger, because it fits to tight. I read the comments before placing my order and requested 8 instead of my usual 7,5. And it fits great, there's enough space for winter grandma's socks
B0034G5KAC Beautiful, but not sized correctly Awesome boots in color & quality - however much too tight.  I own other Timbs & they fit true to size - sadly these do not.  They are so tight around my foot that I'd likely need to order a full size up - however I'm not chancing it.  I got a great price on Cyber Monday & now they are more than $50 than I paid - not worth the effort to play the guessing game on size.  They are going back - wish I could keep them though - they were exactly what I was looking for as far as style & quality.
B0034G5KAC The wrong size was sent to me. I was very disappointed when I got the brown pair of boots. I ordered a size 7.5 and you sent me a size 8 wide.  They were way too big for me.  Needless to say, I was not happy and will have to return them when it was not my mistake.  I loved both pairs of boots and would of liked to had the brown ones for sure. Am disappointed.  Mona Marquart
B0034G5KAC Great for TALL girls with big feet! I LOVE these boots. I'm 5'10" and wear a size 11.5 in tennis shoes, and size 11 in these boots fits perfectly.  They fit great on my calf (I love the adjustable side so I can wear them tighter or looser).  I wore these straight from the box and walked all around London without any problems. They are comfy and stylish.
B0034XRYQ8 Comfort shoes for office working and holiday I'm looking for comfort shoes to wear in office hour and also holiday. Finally I found Timberland Boots Endurance Chelsea.First time I wear I feel comfort but a little bit irritate on my leg because there is no gel on the top of the boots.So far I feel comfort on feet but bit irritate on the leg.For the size, I have to upgrade one size. Normally,I wear size 7(US size) for Timberland King Bay but for this boots I wear size 7.5 (US Size)
B0034XRYQ8 Size is misleading These are very nice leather chelsea boots that are well-made and welll-stitched.  They look very nice with jeans for casual wear around the city.  Be aware, however, that they tend to run a full size too large.  I wear a size 15 and had to return the 15's I ordered because they were way too large.  I've requested a size 14 on the re-order and will update when the replacements arrive.Update:  I've received the size 14 replacements and they do fit as a size 15.  These boots have a lot of room in them and I had to add insoles, size 15, to take up all the extra space.  My feet aren't particularly narrow so be prepared for the extra room.  Also, most shoes get pretty heavy when they get up to size 15 but these are very light which was an unexpected bonus.  The rubber sole gives a lot of traction but is very flexible.
B0034XS0KM Cooler than I was led to believe Just got these in the mail and I love them. I can't speak to warmth/longevity as I've just gotten them and it hasn't gotten particularly cold here yet. I imagine that combining the Smartwool insole that these things come with with a fat pair of wool socks will stomp any winter day (I live in Winnipeg where it can hit -30c or lower on a bad day.)These things are way more like a mean sneaker than a boot. From the pictures I thought they'd be a bit more boot like but I'm really happy that they're not particularly large or clunky. That said, they do run a bit small. I run between an 11 or a 12 for all of my footwear and initially got these in an 11. I could barely squeeze my foot in and swapped for a 12. Even these barely fit but I don't want to keep paying shipping on exchanges. I'd definitely recommend going with the larger size if there are 2 sizes you normally get footwear in, or even going a size over that.If I remember to (and can edit this at a later date) I'll write up on how they hold up once I tromp through some snow for a few weeks.
B0034XS2WS Order larger than what you normally wear Order larger than what you normally wear. I have a pair of 9 1/2 M Timberlands that fit me comfortably loose. These 9.5 Ms were tight to the point that I returned them. Other than that , they seemed nice and I would have kept them if they had fit.
B0034XS4OY Versatile and comfortable I'm really enjoying these shoes so far - I was looking for quite some time for versatile black walking shoe that I could wear with both jeans and khakis (even more "dressy" ones) and these fit the bill perfectly.  The understated uppers and the black oiled finish seem to work with just about everything and in almost any situation - the knobby sole gives them a certain rugged look, but the fact that you can see the "knobs" really only on the heel when standing makes them great for business casual as well.  And they are definitely all-day comfortable.I've read reviews here and on other sites that say that the shoe is larger than expected, running anywhere from a 1/2 size to 2 full sizes too large.  I wear a size 9 and while there was a little more room in the toe (lengthwise) than I usually experience for that size, it did not at all feel uncomfortable in any way.  The width (D/Medium) was perfect.  I actually tried an 8 1/2 in a store but then it felt too tight, so I stuck with my normal size and I'm glad that I did.
B0035LD0WQ Bad expediency on recent shoes purchase I need to change the original selected size. I am an adult and need to change the size to 8.5 M.Regards.bj
B0035LD2X8 Great casual boots Lightweight, well made, very comfortable - the leather is soft (as opposed to similar Earthkeeper City Plain Toe Oxford).Shoes painted with a special paint, so conceived - worn look.I bought the black and Burnished Brown/Black.If you can try on and select the size, will be at once satisfied with your purchase.Any shoes, first one must first see and try on.Otherwise, you are participating in the lottery.I have several pairs of Timberland shoes, this is usually the size of 13'.This one 11.5MI read the reviews before purchasing, but acquired only the right size at the second attempt.
B0035LD2X8 Handsome shoes with a quirky fit First of all, these shoes really do look as great in person as they do in pictures.  You know you've got unique looking shoes when you're walking up to someone, they initially look at your face, then their eyes fall down to your shoes.  When I'm wearing sneakers, this doesn't happen.  With these shoes, it's happened several times in the first week.  I have the brown version and I find they look really good with dark jeans.So as far as looks go, I give them a full five stars.  As far as fit goes, the verdict is mixed.Right off the bat, I can tell you they run large.  I wear an 11 in tennis shoe, 10-11 in most boots and dress shoes.  I had initially gotten an 11 (same size as my Dr Martin boots) and they were comically large on me.  I swapped them out for a size 10 and they are still slightly big, but not bad.  I pull the laces at tight as they will go and am satisfied with the fit.The only padding in this shoe is in the sole.  The sides and top of the boot are a thin, but very high quality leather.  Because of the lack of padding on the inside of the shoe, you'll find that your heel slips if the shoe is even a 1/2 size too large.  You're not going to like this shoe if it doesn't fit right.  I would suggest ordering a 1/2 size smaller than you think you need.So overall a great looking, high quality shoe, just make sure you get the right size.
B0035LD2X8 too big Very good shoes, but one size larger than the manufacturer, had to sell them. Total delivery time, all is well. Ordered a Clarks, see what happens with the size.
B0035LD2X8 size is larger than advertised these boots are okay looking.  the toes sticks up and it didn't look proportional.  the leather is soft for this price.  if you want these boot for try on, make sure you buy 0.5 size samller than your regular size.
B0035LD2X8 nice looking but wrong size I have a over seas trip planned and I was looking for a rugged boot warm and weather resistant and I landed on these. I believe there are other comments along the lines of ordering a size smaller posted here, I found this to me be true for me as well. I ordered a 13, the same size I would purchase for any other shoe and these were easily one size too big.I did like the look of them...
B0038JD1UG perfect  boots,I love  it It's my first order at amzon,so speedly and packed very well.I ordered size 10,they fit me well ,my foot is not  fat ,so they are a little narrow than normal size 10.Thanks seller a lot , nice order!!
B0038JD1UG Nice boots Size up a 1/2 size or a whole size -- if you are a full 8, get the 9. If you are almost 8, get 8.5. Comfy, warm, good for casual use, not a rugged walking boot but should be good for sidewalks, etc. Not overly dressy, but all in all quite nice.
B0039ZD3MK Depends on what you're looking for... If you are looking for more of a work boot than a hiker, then this is for you. I unfortunately was looking for more of a hiker than a work boot. I disagree with another reviewer who pointed out that these were comfortable right out of the box. When I first tried them on I found them to be stiff and not really comfortable at all. Even after several days they are still not all that comfortable. I also found them to be at least a half size (if not a whole size) too large. I normally wear a size 10 1/2 which was what I ordered first, and that pair would have easily fit a size 11. I returned those and ordered a size 10 which would usually be cramped for me but fit fine even with extra thick wool boot socks. These feel much more like wearing a work boot than a hiker, so if you're looking for a work boot that looks like a hiker then this is for you. I was hoping it would wear more like a hiker (like a pair of Merrell's or something), so I was a bit disappointed.
B003A67X5G Runs large Trying to find the right fit, but it looks like it runs a full size larger than what I usually wear (for comparison, it's a size larger than my Ecco shoes).
B003A67X5G Boot Sizing The PRO brand of Timberland are made roomy/big. So order a half size down from your size. Love these boots! Very COMFORTABLE and stylish. Thanks Amazon for the speedy delivery.
B003A6I6NO 1/2 size too large I will change to 5 star if my exchanged product fits right. I know I am a size 12, but apparently I need 11 1/2 in this shoe.
B003AAFNS6 sizing not true The shoes are OK, everything about them is great except one thing: a size and a half too big. The sizing chart is not true. Size 9 and 1/2 is not the European 8. Unfortunately I cannot return them so we are stuck with them.
B003AZZJLW size issues I've been searching for a mens clog size 12W for some time, this was the only one I could find anywhere. However, when they arrived and the tab listed it as a 12W, my instep would not even begin to fit into this shoe.
B003AZZJLW Order a  size or two larger! I do like the clogs and they do compare favorably to my other Timberland purchases.....but, there are sizing issues!I'm a solid Size 13 in shoes.  These are smaller in sizing and with a high instep, very tight.  I returned for asize 14 and, even still, a bit tight! If you have the same issues, get at least a size bigger, if not 2 sizes bigger.  The clogs are made in China.  Still made very nicely.
B003AZZLCO The best ever boot I admired this boot for 2 months and when i saw the price was going down, i just purchased it from Amazon. Fit very well with my foot. My normal size is 7 uk but i choose to ordered 6.5 uk because the boot size is 1/2 size bigger than your normal size. Amazingly this is the best boot i ever had.
B003AZZLCO Patiently waited...Tan not Plum color I usually don't buy things that I see in commercials but I saw the Timberland Commercial featuring these boots and I knew I had to have them. I patiently waited for them, only due to Christmas expenses and knowing that I was getting a commission check in January. To my surprise, these boots were on sale at Amazon...I jumped at them. The boots came yesterday and I'm very pleased with my purchase. I'm a little concerned about the size though. I usually wear 13 in athletic shoes and 12 in boots.  I ordered a 12 and I hope after I break them in they don't feel too big. The size is only reason why they don't get 5 stars.
B003AZZLCO Sick boots nice boots. copped em after seeing Pharrell rocking em at some shoes. Good style, good comfort and fit. size down half a size
B003AZZM3C Great boots and the price was even better! I wear a size 10 and did not have to size down like one reviewer stated.  The leather felt soft and worn in already.  An overall good buy!
B003AZZM3C great boots - order 1/2 size down These run big so buy them 1/2 to 1 full size down.  I went with only a 1/2 size due to a high instep and they fit perfect.  Very comfortable right out of the box - no blisters and no break in period.  Come with two sets of laces, the other set is a tonal brown that I switched to.  Have received many compliments.  Highly recommend.
B003AZZMRS They are awsome Can wear them to a business mtg with pants and a shirt or walk around the city in them with a great rubber sole they are awsome.  I also have issues finding shoes since I wear a size 16 sneaker but these in a size 15 fit perfect.
B003AZZMRS Excellent style but lacks extra comfort and not for cold weather I love the design of these Timberland boots.  The leather is very nice and soft but not for very cold weather.  They look even better than on the picture.  However, these boots run full size longer but are narrow.  I normally wear size 10.  Got these in size 9.5D.  They are 0.5 size longer but kind of narrow.  I took them to shoe repair to stretch the leather.  I probably should have gotten size 9EE (9 wide).  Also, shoe laces untie very quick.  It would be nice for the top 2 - 3 lace holes to be more like hooks.  Overall, good quality shoe which has size problems.  I give it 5+ for style, looks, color and quality but only 2 for comfort.  I am glad I only paid half the price since they are not worth full price.Update as of Nov 2012:Ended up donating them to GoodWill. Putting them on and taking them off was a major hassle.
B003AZZMRS THESE BOOTS RUN ONE SIZE LARGE These boots are great for leisure and light-duty work, so don't give away your Red Wings or waterproof Merrells. They run a size too large. Whatever your typical shoe size is go down one whole size (e.g. 11.5 should be 10.5 in these boots). Unfortunately this sizing information was not listed in the description, so I had to buy three pairs until I landed on the right size. As for the quality: the boots are very well made. The only thing I would change about the boots would be to include a gusseted tongue.
B003BLP4EC Love them! But... These boots are great! Great quality for a good price. I haven't been able to test them in cold weather yet, but they sure look like they are made to last through anything! My 2.5 year old girl looks super adorable in them. She's worn them a couple of times and hasn't complained yet (good news). Bad news is that she had massive indentation marks from her socks, which tells me that the boots are probably getting to be too tight. And that's just too bad since she's only gotten to wear them like twice. She wears a size 6, and I specifically ordered a half size up so she would be able to fit in them with thicker socks during winter months. But it looks like I should have gotten a WHOLE size up. Oh well, still love theses boots. I might get them in size 7 and save the ones I already bought for my younger daughter! Oh, and like other reviews have mentioned, they aren't as bulky and heavy as they look in the photos. I was actually surprised how light they were!So, once again, these are great boots. But if your child has a wide foot, I would definitely get them one size up.
B003ELOYEA Great boots! These boots are really warm and fit great right out of the box.  Despite what other reviews said about buying up a size, I bought my normal size and they fit perfectly.  I've worn them with skirts and also over jeans, and have gotten compliments everytime I wear them.  The pocket on the sides fits a credit card or ID perfectly, a nice feature when I don't want to carry anything with me.
B003ELOYEA Very beautiful cold weather boots but... I have two Timberland's boots size 5.5 M US that fits perfectly on me, but the Timberland Earthakeepers Grandby tall Fleece Lined Boot with the same size got small for me, I should had bought half size bigger.
B003ELOYEA great!!! Those boots are great, they look good and they seem warm. Cant wait for the snow!!!! They run little small, so ordering a size bigger is not a bad idea. I wear size 9 so I orderd size 10 because of the reviews I read and they fit perfectly. They seems little bulky so wearing them under pants might be a challenge but its not a problem for me. Perfect for leggings, skinny jeans or skirts.
B003ELOYEA Great Eco-Friendly & Practical Boot! I was worried about finding boots because of my shoe size. ( I wear usually a womens size 12 and mens size 10.5) I was looking for the taller boot and some I could wear with jeans or a skirt. I also wanted boots that would be practical and not just fashionable. The hippy side of me came out and I thought I would chance it by searching for "eco-friendly" and I found these! I love them. I didnt take them off for weeks it seemed when I first got them. They are very sturdy. I have never owned Timberlands before these, but was very surprised by how practical they are. Not only are they cute, but they can actually get you through a snow storm if need be. I recommended these to anyone who needs something to keep their feet warm. :]
B003ELOZSU awsome I must say after reading the reviews, the only thing I found to be true is the fact they run small in size, but they do stretch, not much, but the do. I wear a size 10 and that's what u bought, I should have bought a size 1110 or 10.5 but I really do not care, my feet got use to it. Keep my feet warm, dry and ready to go. I got it for 67.00 use, for that price this is a n awesome buy.
B003ELOZSU Boot Fit I love these boots!  They are very warm and stylish as well.  I do agree with others who have said that they run a bit small.  I normally wear a size 8 shoe/boot and ordered these in a 8.5 as suggested, and they fit snuggly, but comfortably.  My friend also bought a pair a half-size bigger, and hers fit as well.  My foot is wide, and I think that affects the reviews of this product because the "smallness" feels more of a width issue than just length.
B003ELOZSU Wonderful boot My shoe size ranges from sizes 10,10.5 and 11; 90% of the time its a 10. I was a little hesitant with purchasing a boot online especially one with the disclaimer "runs small" but alas I fell in love with the style and colour(dark brown&green) and could not help myself. I crossed my fingers and purchased a size 10 boot and they fit wonderfully. They are snug but snug is good and they slip on and off with ease.
B003ELOZSU Awesome! I read the reviews about these boots before I purchased them and I took the advice of getting a half size bigger than my original shoe size. I am a 10 and a half in women and I ordered an 11. Perfect fit! Not too loose nor too tight. I give these boots 5 STARS because they are very comfortable, VERY warm, and very stylish ;)
B003ELOZSU Great Boots. Order a half size larger. Great boots for the winter. Comfortable and warm. I agree with some of the comments before that maybe you should order AT LEAST a half size larger than usual. I followed this, and found my boots to fit me exactly, when i'm not even wearing thick socks.
B003ELOZSU Great boots I ordered these boots in a size 8 1/2 (Amazon has a note there if you wear 8 you should order size 8 1/2 -this happens to be my size but didn't work for me).Had to return the 8 1/2 and order size 9 because these boots runs small and was pretty tight even with a light socks but size 9 for me works much better so you should order 1 zise up NOT 1/2 size up.The boots are very light and easy to walk in ,have a strong chimical smell but hope that goes away in time.Also the price changes every day ,paid $115.29 (10/11/11) today 11/17/11 are $109  for the black ones. I ordered dark brown for my sister and paid $99.50 on 11/12/11 today the price it's up to $129.90 (11/17/11)...and think Dark Brown are nicer.
B003ELOZSU Must have The fit is true to size so if you are planning on wearing these boots with thick socks then go up 1/2 size. I love the color, comfort and style.-JAM
B003ELOZSU Great - but order a size larger... These boots are fabulous!  I live in Buffalo, NY and with all of our snow I needed something warm and weatherproof. These boots are both - and extremely comfortable, once you wear them for a little while. My only suggestion is that if you aren't sure about which size to get, order up a size. They are a close fit, especially on top of the toes. If your feet get claustrophobic, you may not like these.
B003ELOZSU Love these Boots! Boot is very comfy....I had to go up a 1/2 size also...the front of the boot is tight so by going up a 1/2 size it just fit better
B003ELOZSU great boots for UP winters! I've been searching all over for these boots..Every where I looked was sold out of Blk/Blk or I wasn't willing to pay the high prices (before Christmas) for them.Now that winter is over, these boots are once again, available everywhere and are on sale..nearly half off, which is great for bargin shoppers like myself.I must say, the wait was worth it.These boots are very warm, comfortable and light weight.They look stylish too which is bonus!!I live in the UP of Michigan and if anyone knows what winter months are like we do!! These boots are great and I hope others enjoy the product as much as I have.I read a lot of reviews and was unsure how to order the size. A lot of people said order 1/2 size up and some said just order your normal size. I went with a 1/2 size up and I"m very happy. I have a slender foot in a size 9, so I went with a 9 1/2 and its perfect. There is even room for wool socks if needed, but let me tell you, regualar socks do just fine!!Great buy, get them on sale if you can...either way, you will not be disapointed!!
B003ELOZSU Get your real size Buying snow-boots was a necessity and has been long overdue since lately I have gone through some terrible winters in NY and told myself NEVER AGAIN. I read many reviews on this boot and overall it seemed like a good buy.I bought my boot 1/2 size bigger like it was suggested. HORRIBLE MISTAKE! I find the boot fits too big! No matter how tight I tie it my foot keeps coming up when I walk resulting a very uncomfortable rubbing on the back of my heel with the back of the boot. This could be because I have narrow feet.I had to stop walking and purchased an extra pair of socks to put it on the back to cushion my heel, that's how much bigger 1/2 a size was on me. I say this boot is true to size. I rather it be  fitting snug then having to wear 2-3 pairs of socks in order for it to not hurt.To end this on a high note, this boot did keep my feet warm and dry. If you have narrow feet I suggest you just get them your size and you should be good to go!
B003ELOZSU Shoe are comfy ...........................I love these shoes. They are true to size, very comfortable. I would buy in brown or black colour too.
B003ELOZSU Too tight even a full size higher (two half sizes higher) Tried them first at a half size higher than I take, but too tight.  Tried them next at yet another half size larger and still too tight.  After that I had to give up because they were too long and my heel was coming out.  They are very tight at the rubber seam which will hit right onto your big toe's nuckle.  And I normally do not use wide shoes.  Just not doable for me.  Really wanted these.
B003ELOZSU Sizing is a problem. The construction and pricing of these boots is great. My problem is with the sizing. My actual size [1st. order] was way too small. My 2nd pair, after the exchange, are still too tight but have worn them now. I would suggest any future customer order at least a whole size larger than their actual size.  Ordering footwear on line is difficult when it comes to sizing.
B003ELOZSU excellent for cold winter I purchased these shoes for my mom who lives in a country with very cold winters and much snow. She wears them in-4F and says they keep her foot warm and dry. She is very happy with this gift. However, be careful with a size. My mom wears European size 7,5 and 8 (it depends on a brand). After reading some reviews, I bought for her size 8 (American). When I tried them on, it seemed that they were small as for size 8. So I changed them to size 8,5 (American size listed on Amazon for these shoes). My mom says that 8,5 is biggish for her but if she wears the thick socks they fit well. I wish I left size 8 instead of 8,5. But still she loves them a lot.
B003ELOZSU comfy n cute boots! when i put them on i didnt wanna take them off theyre so comfortable! very good material, nice colors...i got the brown and green ones though it didnt look green on the pic, its like an "army/olive"  dark green with dark brown. im so glad i listened to other reviewers which said to order a half- a- size or size up because they do run small, so do that if ure not sure if your size will fit. i ordered a half- size up and it was enough for me
B003ELOZSU Perfect! These boots are awesome, hands down! All the reviews say to order up a half size but I ordered my normal size and they fit perfectly. A friend of mine ordered her normal size, too which happened to be a half size up from mine. Tried them on and they feel too roomy in the toe area. You should order your normal size, they are true to size in the length of the footbed but the leg may feel a bit snug. That goes away after wearing them for about 10 minutes - and with the laces it's totally adjustable so that works perfectly. Get your normal size, you won't be disappointed.As for everything else - this boot is awesome. Wore them to shovel tons and tons of snow after the recent blizzard in NY and my feet stayed 100% warm and dry and comfy.
B003ELOZSU Love them! The best snow boots I have seen in a while.  I ordered a 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size
B003ELOZSU Amazon Boots To Small I fell in love with these boots. They are tall enough to keep snow from getting into your pants. They are warm enough to keep your feet warm on the coldest days. My problem was the boot was touching the top of my big toe. So I sent them back. I had ordered my correct shoe size. I would suggest ordering a 1/2 size larger. I got upset when amazon charged me 5. to ship them back so I ordered a half size larger from someone else and got a better price. These are my fav. boots ever.
B003ELOZSU Great quality boot - sizing is completely off! These boots just came and they seem like real, quality boots - which I am very pleased with. However, I never got to test them out! I had read all the reviews, not only on Amazon but on other websites. I did notice the overwheling amount of reviews that stated that the boots ran small and to order a size up. I was somewhat skeptical; I am a 7.5, and if anything, I thought I'd fit better into a 7 than an 8, and they might stretch out a little with some wear, so I was afraid to order a size up. Boy was I wrong! My toe pretty much reaches the tip of the boot, but what's extremely constricting is the top of the 'duck' part that wraps around over the toes and onto the top of the foot. There's aboslutely no way that these will ever fit me. I am returning them and might even order an 8.5! (which Amazon does not offer at the moment, bummer)
B003EV5KB6 Great Buy I saw these shoes at Dr.Jays for 79.00. I tried them on and I fell in love with them instantly.I wear a size 8 in women but the size 7m big kids fit luckily
B003EV5QDS awesome I was looking for some boots because my shoes i had werent that great. Well i found these that were affordable and they fit well as well as good style. I ordered a size 9.5 and was a little big(i read other comments to go down a full size but i only did half a size). But still fit great and i dont trip.
B003HKRIUA Great boot by Timberland I love Timberland boots! I bought these mainly for hiking/backpacking. They seem very lightweight. I bought size 13, so I was a little surprised at how light they were. As for the sizing, go a size smaller than what you usually wear..that's pretty much how Timberland boots are. I wear size 14, so I ordered 13 and couldn't be happier. I can't wait to use them this summer.My only complaint is the shoelaces. It comes with 2 pairs, orange and brown. With the orange you are hardly able to tie a knot. The brown ones are even shorter, so I didn't attempt it.
B003HLI3B2 Just Right Very comfortable cushion insert. I ordered 1/2 size larger than I usually wear to be safe and I did not need to.These shoes are exactly the size they say.I have worn them for over eight hours and had no problems
B003HLI3B2 great comfy pair of shoes Great material, really comfy, i had a pair of timberlad sneakers size 8 fits great, so ordered this shoes also size 8, it is a little large should have gotter 7.5 but i can still wear it, so ill keep them
B003K31GDE Well built shoe doesn't quite fit right. This is a very good shoe, but it does run quite large. Buy a half size down and  you should be ok. To be safe go try some on at the store before you buy online. I also bought a pair of Timberland Meurice size 12 W and they fit me perfectly. I will be returning the Mond under Timberland's 30 comfort guarantee.
B003NUQWY2 Timberland's sizing is very much off The size was one size too large, and the workmanship seemed shoddy. I ordered a size 11 but felt like a 12.  I returned it immediately, and was satisfied with Amazon's quick return policy.  Everyone should suggest Timberland stop making shoes in China and move to a more socially just place, and improve their quality control
B003NUQWY2 Too Large I ordered 12 US assuming it fits 46 Eu and I found out it is much largerpeople says it runs half size larger but i found it truedisappointed that size chart was misleading
B003NUQYC2 Good buy The shoes are great, better priced than most people, I am happy they even came an entire day early which was perfect because it started raining here in cincinnati and i needed a good pair of boots. The size chart provided helped me pick out my size correctly and love'em. Thanks!
B003NUR1EW size chart is bad I bought these boots. According to sizing info I measured my feet (28.3cm) and so I chose 11 1/4 inch, but when the boots arrived, inner size was like 30.5 cm (12 inch). So it doesn't fit. Material is great and boots are goodlooking, but the sizing info should be better.
B003NUR1EW boots surprised at the good quality of construction since timberlands control of quality has fallen off a bit in past years.none the less these boots held up well on construction sites. only mistake i made was ordering half size larger. the sizing is true to fit.only down fall is that they're not U.S.A made.
B003OBZSZO Disappointing I got the black pair of these boots and had to return them. The boot was not true to size. I love the look of the boot but the black is REALLY hard to find. The only one i see now is a size 9.5. It would be nice if they offered other sizes, I'll keep checking back before winter to see if they get any other sizes in. I really hope they do (HINT HINT!!!!) lol ;)
B003OBZT3A Order up I wear a size 8, and I like my shoes snug on my feet. I didn't order up a size, like I should've! Order up, I paid close to $80 for boots I'll probably never wear. :/ I've walked around in them, to try and break them in, but they are still snug.
B003OBZT3A fit like a glove These boots are great, they fit perfectly, (a 1/2 size bigger than normal size.  They are extremely comfortable as well.  I will be trying them out this weekend in mud so we will see if they are waterproof and easy to clean.
B003TFEA5O Awful. Must be Rejects One boot had a defective zipper. The boots didn't match because each boot had a different color of dye applied to the strap around the ankle. Then to add insult to injury, the seller even sent the wrong size. It was suppose to be size 71/2 Wide foot width. I received the 71/2 regular. Way to tight.I returned at no cost through Amazon. Very easy process. Refund put through.I order these same boots from another vender on line and I absolutely love them. Don't buy from this seller.
B003TFEA5O Timberland women knee high boots Wonderful  confertt boot except for the size I order 8 1/2 my wife choe size and the boot as way to big for herI return for size 8 perfect
B003TFEA5O Love these boots I ordered my usual shoe size, and they are very comfy.  Calf size works with leggings or jeans. Did not want to spend hundreds on boots. so these were priced right also.
B003TFEA5O BEAUTIFUL BOOT MY daughter wanted a pair of riding boots and she fell in love with these. they are darker than we had wanted but are still lovely. she wears a 6.5 and she says they just fit, for what ever reason she did not want to get a larger size though.
B003TFEA5O Great boot! These boots look great and are very comfortable.  I ordered a half size up after reading the reviews because I have wide feet.  They fit if I wear thick socks, but I think I could have fit into my normal size.  I have gotten tons of compliments already!
B003TFEA5O I LOVE these boots. I recommend these boots to everyone I know. I absolutely LOVE them. They are just the right fit for my narrow feet and slim legs. A lot of other boots are too bulky, these fit just right. I am tall and normally wear a size 11 shoe- these actually are a little bit too big, not enough to go a full size down, but I would suggest going a half-size below your normal. Or just wear thick enough socks and you won't have any problems! I love the grip on the bottom and how sturdy they are while remaining super cute. All time favorite pair of boots. Buy them, you won't regret it!
B003TFEA5O True to size and awesome quality!! I just got them, the previous reviews helped. So I ordered half size bigger (I don't think I needed to do that) but it still feels good and I can wear thick socks.  It actually is better looking in person.  I'm happy with them an my boyfriend loves them :)
B003TFEA5O great boots love these boots I was skeptical about what size to order after reading some reviews. I ordered my normal size with no problems and can wear heavy sox also......great quality and look it!!!!  If your calfs are large these might not fit.My legs are on the thin side and they fit snugly.Im 5' 1' and they are not too tall also one review said they sagged at the ankle but I do not see this problemdark brown color is very nice
B003UFJCP6 love those true to size great pair highly recommended. I love them!!!!!! so comfy ordered half size larger and exchange for my 8.  Stylish and super comfy.
B003VJWJ1U very comfortable but somewhat large I ended up giving the shoes to my brother because he's got a bigger boot.  I normally size between 11 and 11.5 but I had to drop down to a 10.5 to get a solid fit.  After a few months of wearing the shoes a few times a week, they have gotten bigger on me yet again.  I could probably get away with a size 10 after they are done breaking in.
B003VMXSJ4 hiking shoes I very much like these shoes! They are comfortable for me and they are made with gore-tex. I usually wear size 10.5 e ,but I purchased size 11 e and they fit me perfect.
B003VMYDE8 Sizes run tight! Order next size up.. My foot size is Men's size 12 M. This pair of boat shoes arrived and fit way too tight! According to Timberland's scaled-down size chart, customers would be better served by ordering a size bigger, in both length and width.According to relative size charts from Timberland, I actually need a size 13, WIDE - but Timberland does not offer any boat shoes I want in that particular size.
B003VR634Q Not is the size true. The size it's  not true.  I buy 7.5 and not for me.  So small.  The next time I choose 8 in this items.
B003XHH0W8 read the other reviews about this shoe running slightly large so I ordered my size accordingly and all fit well. read the other reviews about this shoe running slightly large so I ordered my size accordingly and all fit well.
B003XHH0W8 Really good shoe I just got this shoe and it is very comfortable. It's very sturdy and feels like it will last a long time. My only gripe with Timberland is that I normally wear size 10, but for some reason Timberland size 10 is too large for me. I had to get a size 9 which fit perfectly.
B003YBRYWO Good boots Bought this when it was $49. The leather is a bit hard but still gave it a 5 star due to the price. A good leather conditioner should hopefully fix this issue.The price kept on changing so just check often for a price change. True to size so if your a size 10 get a size 10.
B0041RHFYM A cool boot for daily & general purpose wear It looks cool. That's what my friends said upon seeing it. Definitely. I like that fact that it is a roll-down design. I wear it with normal jeans and its a perfect combination.When I wore my jeans with this boot, it gives the effect and impression to others that as if I folded my jeans up. This nice visual effect is due to the roll top portion of the boot that has a different tone. Its an awesome boot. I'm now wearing it at least 3 times a week to school. Other other days I'll alternate with my other timberland shoe which is also very durable and good looking.I minus one star off this review is because:The shoe size is about 1 size bigger. I usually wear the size US 8.5. When I first wear it, I felt that my feet is small and shaking within the empty spaces inside. To solve this, its simple. I place a set of insoles in it. With the insoles, it'll minimise the extra gaps within the shoe. Hence, the result will be a much better fitting.
B004335IQQ Huge fan Timberland Boot Company shoes Comfort out of the box like I have never felt before - I own multiple styles of Timberland Boot Company shoesGreat look and construction - really works well dressed up or downKey to note - order a size down from your normal size
B00440CVPY Different Size than expected I purchased this same item in October and they fit perfectly - this order; not so much! I noticed that while the product style number was the same (TM 30896), the size data changed. The previous order was for shoe sizes 9-13 and fit perfectly  - this shipment claims to be for shoes sizes 9 - 12 and the portion above the heal mark is reduced by nearly one inch.I wear these for Golf and the difference is substantial with this new reduced size there is no portion that shows above the shoe line much the same as an ankle sock (which I do not like).Both products are labeled as produced in Taiwan -  if it's the same manufacturer the someone is trying to save money by cutting back on material.In any case, clearly labeling the shoe sizes may be the only key - other than doing the correct thing which would be to not use the same part number on two different products
B0044KN0PO Red Timberland Nellie As suggested by another reviewer I ordered a half size larger to accommodate heavy socks.  This worked out for me.  Very comfortable boots with one exception; the tongue of the boot is very stiff and I wound up folding each in half and then lacing.
B0044KN0PO Sized short in length and real wide. These fit like a mens size 7D I read all the reviews but still ordered a half size big for heavy wool socks. Well the boots were very pretty but seemed to be a unisex size, soles were 3/8&#34; wider than my wheat colored Timberlands and ran short in length. They seemed to me so be a mans sole hooked up to a wide womens boot. Sorry but the only good thing about them was the color. I have ordered the same pair in an 8.5 M and hope to ad an innersole and tighten the laces up to max!!! I know I should just give up on trying to make them fit but the color is just too pretty. I may be returning the 8.5 too. Maybe they are seconds, made wrong?? Just know they are really different than my wheat colored pair in size.
B0049N3S58 Friend loved them I got these for a friend who said that they looked great, felt true to his size ( he only buys Tims for work so he might have already done the size translation, if any) and were extremely comfortable.  He wore them right away and didn't feel any discomfort then or in subsequent months.
B004BHM3QC what size??? Says this product has one left in stock... so what's the SIZE???? How about some other views of the boot?
B004C5QYLI I only found this boot size on Amazon! My grandson wanted these Timberland Oakwell Boots in Wheat a size 11.  I could not find his size at American Eagle.  I was worried for a bit about the quality from a dealer but-he told me he loves them.  He is sixteen and lives in Italy. He is into clothes.  That's all he wanted for Christmas.  I'm so glad he liked the boots. The price was good.  Amazon again did not let me down!
B004J2HSLY Timberland Chocorua Trail... I ordered these because of previously good reviews, but, I'm not impressed! Playing the sizing game with various manufacturers is, apparently, a crap shoot at best.I ordered size 13's, but they fit more like a size 12, and aren't particularly comfortable. Unfortunately, it took me a day of wearing them to realize that, so I'm stuck with them.I'll probably just wear them around the yard.I had received a pair of Merrill's recently as well, and they're noticeably better quality, although they run to the large side, rather than small. I'd first ordered a size 13 in the Merrill's, and they felt at least a half size too large!Guess the lesson here is that you either go to a local shop that has inventory, or make certain to wear them only in the house for a full day before deciding whether to keep them or not!4/3/13:As stated previously, they felt too small initially.However, after wearing them several times, they're not as tight as when I first wore them, and now fit more comfortably.
B004J2HT6I smaller size for my true size im size 9 medium however when the shoes arrived it is tight for my size...or maybe shoes is new and needed to be broken ini returned product / well built shoes.
B004JZVF88 Size bigger I usually wear sneakers in size 10. The shoes is bigger half a size than my regalur sneakers in the same size.
B004K21KS0 W size runs VERY narrow Yes I have wide feet. So I ordered the W size for this shoe. I have other Timberland Earthkeeper Chelsea models to measure this one against, it's visibly narrower in the sole, and about 1/2 inch less leather across the arch than other models marked as the same size (I am comparing to another unworn shoe of the same size). Also, the cap toe is of thicker leather, which doesn't stretch or give.Even with the inner sole removed, I can't get the shoe halfway on. Double checked the packaging and stamp inside the shoe, yes this is a W size, hard to believe.
B004K22QM4 Great looking, great price, but size up for sure! All the good stuff others have said, but I recommend sizing up and possibly even wider width. I tried 3 different sizes before settling on the same size I would buy for running shoes (also usually a size up from my true size). The wider version of the shoe is a bit more roomy in the toe box, but in my opinion detracts slightly from the narrower look of the boot that gives it its unique design edge. If your width is usually "normal," I would stick with that and just get a half-size larger than usual. Plus, the leather is quite soft and should conform over time. Hope this helps!
B004K22QM4 Timberland Went half a size down from normal sneakers and they seem to be great, my friend also has these #twinning... I would recommend them!
B004K22QM4 Good for me.. Its quality is very good.I'll buy next time again at Timberland shoes.Um...I'm asian...so I ordered EE size. Its perfect wide size.
B004K22W2S Jim in Seattle After opening the box I was pleased to see such a goodlooking boot. I ordered a size larger after reading about problems with size being off. However I will wear boot socks and won't be wearing these boots daily but they work for me in that they have the look I'm trying to achieve. Thanks for your great service
B004K22W2S Runs huge! Great looking boots. Leather is nice and soft despite its tough looking design. Unfortunately, it's way too large. I wear size 10.5 and 11 Timberland boot and shoes but these boots are much bigger than its stated size.
B004K66PAE Great boots but TRUE TO SIZE-imo Boots are fab! Gorgeous, great quality and super duper comfy...but I went off the reviews and ordered two pairs. One pair...a half size up *they are too big* and one...a wide in my normal size *they are too wide.  I should have ordered my regular size. Neither fit and now the price is back up $80. No more sale price. So bummed! I might have to fork over the money for the full price because they look amazing and are weatherproof.Also, I find the calves are more than roomy!  Hope this helps the next shopper...cheers.
B004K66PAE Absolutely gorgeous! I bought another pair right after I got these!  You can't beat the price for these gorgeous boots.  They fit true to size and are very well made.  I am waiting for more colors to come on sale.  Highly recommend!
B004K66PAE Beautiful copper boot These are very nice boots. The leather is high quality. Size 11 runs true to size. The heel height in size 11 is 3 inches. Platform is 3/8 inch. Top of boot measures 16 inches.
B004K66PAE high-quality but hard to fit I've ordered this product twice in different sizes: I literally couldn't get my heel into my regular size, but the half-size larger felt too big and clunky. I'm not sure if one or the other may have been defective, but I've decided to try something else.Otherwise, the boots seem really well-made, and the dark olive leather is gorgeous and would go with almost anything. My only issue with the style is that a slightly taller shaft would have made the boot more wearable and pretty: to me, it looks a little disproportionate in the larger sizes.
B004K66PAE great boots! These boots are terrific! They're well made, the leather is beautiful, color is gorgeous and they're very comfortable. They keep my feet nice and toasty and, as a bonus, they're waterproof. I haven't been able to test that because it hardly ever rains were I live, but still it's nice that they are waterproof. I think they run a little small, maybe half a size. I usually wear a size 10, but I ordered them in 11 because of other reviews saying that you should size up. I maybe could have gone with a 10.5 but the 11's are fine too, it's nice to have some room to wear them with thicker socks. I'm very happy with these boots!
B004K66PAE Perfect! I love these boots and what an amazing deal!  I would definitely go a size down because my regular shoe size 8 in boots was too big? It could have just been my boots, in any case you could just buy two different sizes and return the ones that don't fit.
B004K66PAE True to size I don't know why so many of the reviews for this item suggest ordering a larger size. Unless you regularly wear wide width shoes, there is absolutely no need to buy a larger size.  I normally wear a size 6.5 or 7 depending on the shoe and the 7 fit me just fine.  I like a little room in my shoes which is why I got the larger size.  I got the artisan gold which is lovely, just a tad more muted in color than I expected.  I have calves on the smaller side so I'm a little worried about my legs looking too thin while wearing leggings and this boot but I'll probably do it anyway. Haven't worn them outside of the house yet but they're pretty comfortable from what I can tell.  Highly recommended.  The one star off is b/c I expected and wanted the color to be as vibrant and clay like as the picture on amazon.  In reality it's more of a pale coppery brown.
B004K66PAE Too Small I ordered these boots in Black Leather in a size 7 Medium. I normally where a size 6.5 but order a size 7 in boots for a comfortable fit. I could not even get my foot in the boot with my socks on. After taking my socks off I eventually was able to squeeze my foot in. Needless to say these boots are not true to size. I was very disappointed and had to send them back :-( .
B004K6A758 Rough Hewn These shoes were a disappointment. I purchased them based on reviews and fit advisories; and eagerly anticipated a chic and comfortable slingback.Endless suggested that the fit is narrow-so I ordered both my regular size 7.5 and a size 8 just in case. The size 7.5 were too big-my foot was all over the place-even with the strap all the way tightened. Also, the ball of the foot felt "cushion-less"...not comfortable.BTW, if you are wondering about the wheat color : the finish is like unvarnished wood. I did not find the rough appearance at all appealing.The 3 stars are a gracious review-but I am guessing that if I had chosen the burgundy in a Size 7: these might have been more to my liking.(but I already have beautiful burgundy shoes :(I might have known, considering that Timberland and my feet have never had a good relationship...
B004K6A758 True to Size These shoes are so comfortable. I ordered a wide width (C/D) and they are true to size.  The strap is adjustable and they are labeled as "Anti-Fatigue" - which, in fact they are. I like them so much, I ordered another pair in a different color. Besides, they are really cute too!
B004KPYP2U Was shipped the wrong size twice!! I think I would have liked them... and I guess they might have been comfortable if I was sent the size I ordered.I ordered size 11 C/D US and was sent a size 11. I liked the quality and look so I returned them and re-ordered my size again. But was sent the wrong size again! At the time the 2nd pair was received, I was quite busy with work (traveling out of state, etc) and couldn't return them on time. So I've been stuck with shoes I can barely wear.I was very disappointed because they indicated that they had the size I wanted (and ordered) when they obviously didn't.
B004KQ0VXG Best boots! The boots fit true to size. I wear a size 10 and there is room for socks. The inside of the boot is lined to keep the legs warm.The bottom of the the boot has tread for a non slip surface. Good quality.
B004KQ4IWG FIT A BIT SNUG I usually buy the same size in timberland but when purchasing this boots i would advise 1/2 size larger than usual
B004KQ4IWG Beautiful boot- not true too size Beautiful boot, quality made- BUT nowhere true to size I have a pair of Timberlands now that I love (regular boots) size 7But as these are dressy I ordered a larger size.Could not even begin to fit- my granddaughter who wears a size 5 1/2- fits them.
B004KRE9N8 Denio Great watch. Leather strap is made of a high quality leather.The size of the watch seems to be smaller on the pictures but still in a good size.Very strong construction waterproof case.Despite the size (for me, of course) is better than many other famous brands around.Hope to find other as nice as this.
B004L32PFU Great Looks Love this boots. First time I saw them at Macys and tried them on, looked great but thought they were pricey @190. Waited for couple months but didn't come on sale. Found at Amazon and they had my size so I got it. I think you need 1/2 size smaller compared to your regular size. Looks great on Jeans primary reason for me to buy them. Flap is attached on the side and that takes little bit of space and might cause little discomfort in the beginning. Rubber sole in not gripping as much as I thought they may since it's rubber. It doesn't look like other timberland construction boots. I love them.
B004L32PFU Overall Good Boots. These are good quality boots. The boot fit, which is purely subjective to each consumer, is too roomy at midfoot, around the ankle area. The width of the boot was "D" and I have an average foot, depending on footwear I wear either size 9 or size 9 1/2. Hope this helps.
B004LL1ELS Larger than expected Product as described. Fur is greenish-green. Larger than expected. You can buy your regular size and still fit with winter socks. Not so soft as expected but can be fixed with an insole since they are large. I would recomend them.
B004LL1ELS way too big for what size they say they are.... order at LEST one even one and a half sizes down depending on how thick your soc I am paying for postage from Australia which costs $30 dollars on top of the price of the boot, so i read reviews and scrutinize sizing charts to make sure i get the size that will fit correctly, its too expensive to return the boots for correct size from overseas.... so i was very upset that despite my doing all i could to order the right size the boot was way way too big. i am a size eight and a half in merrel, an eight is a tight fit and only works with thin thin socks, as a comparison. the reviews say this boot is bigger than expected but OMG i ordered the size 8 thinking Ill be able to wear thick wool socks and it will be a good fit. NOT so. I think the size 7 would have been the correct size in this brand. so be warned. these boots were SO big that even with really thick socks, i could not wear them and had to sell them second hand losing a lot of money on what i spent including postage. My foot measures 9 and 3/4 inches in bare feet standing on a peice of paper. now im too hesitant to try any other timberland boots as i am not sure if they all run that big or just this particular boot. the companys sizing is so off that they have lost me as a customer. maybe if you are in the US and you can get cheap or free postage to return for a smaller size, you would go aheaad and order some. just warning ppl.they are nice quality and look just like the picture in my opinion. although if you had very thin ankles and very thick calves they would probably not be the greatest choice.... as they need to be laced tight around the ankles to stay on. I think they should have put a fourth shoelace loop at the top to stop snow or cold air coming in at the top of the ankles or so if you tuck jeans in they stay put inside the top of the boot. its the first disappointment I have encountered purchasing overseas online. i think timberland needs to re think its sizing charts big time....otherwise a nice looking boot.
B004LLSV5U Nice--no difference between M and W widths, though I ordered these in 8.5M and realized that although they were true to size, I needed a wider size because they were cutting off circulation to my feet (either because of the fact my feet are a little wide or because they have a high arch). I received my replacement 8.5W pair while I still had the 8.5M pair ready to ship back. I compared the width by holding them sole-to-sole and the W size is JUST AS NARROW as the M! No fair, Timberland, no fair...However, if you have normal feet, I have to say, these boots rock. Seem very well made and are stylish.UPDATE: I wore these with thinner socks for a while and broke them in pretty well, they are not nearly as pinching as they were at first. I see what people mean about them sort of slouching after a while; I was actually considering using two separate laces this winter with them, one to tie just above the ankle and another to finish off the top. Criticisms noted, they are really great winter boots and you can't beat the sale price.
B004LLSV5U I like my boots. These boots are very comfortable, warm and true to size, I don't think that need to take one size more.
B004NRUZQ0 very comfortable I really liked these boots and would have kept them.  I needed to go up a 1/2 a size and they didn't have them. fun and functional.
B004P1Q84C Get 1 size larger!! The reviewers are right on here, get 1 size larger than what you wear!!It fits perfectly otherwise, very comfortable and looks GREAT with shorts and jeans!!I bought it already with the expectation to change out the shoe string, no big deal.  What a great value at $50 for Timberland classics.
B004P1Q84C They are smaller than what the sizing info says! I ordered 11 for my friend, but it somehow fits to me while my size is 10.Anyway, It's exactly as it appears in the pictures and as I expected, extraordinarily comfortable!
B004P1Q84C Much smaller than other Timberland boots. I've been wearing Timberland boots for 30 years now.  At the moment I have 3 other pair of boots all in size 11M that fit me great.  I had to return these twice because a size 12 fits me like a size 11.  Keep this in mid when ordering.  Apart from that they're comfortable and look great.  I had a pair of hikers just like this back in the early 80's.EDIT: After properly breaking these in I took them camping for two weeks in Georgia, wore them the whole time at the campsite with a very steep rocky hill to get to out site, wore them for 4 days of Dragon*con (if you've don't know what that is...it's a LOT of walking between 5 hotels) and finally a hike up to Anna Ruby Falls.  Not a single blister.  They were very comfortable.
B004P1Q84C Very nice boots I purchased these on sale at a great price and I'm really glad that I did. They're really much nicer then I was expecting, although they're not perfect. I couldn't find them on Timberland's website, but although I was hoping that they were waterproof, they are not. I'm just guessing, but they don't have a waterproof membrane.Like others have noted, they run about a full size too small. I ordered a size 12 and they fit perfect. Don't let the wrong reviews fool you, because they do run a size too small, and not too big, as some have suggested. I'm very particular about how my boots fit, so I'm very confident in recommending one full size larger then you would normally wear.I haven't worn these much, yet, but the only thing that worries me is that the sole doesn't fill all that rigid. While they're not heavily insulated, I think the insulation is fine, but I don't want any part of a hiking boot that allows rocks to poke the bottoms of my feet. They'll probably be just fine, but I am slightly worried about it.Update: I wore these around outside and the sole is plenty rigid. My initial concerns were unfounded. I also want to note that while the insulation is fine for me (they're actually quite warm), I live in a warm weather climate. Finally, they're very comfortable, which is something I usually find with Timberland boots.Update 2: After having these a while, I've changed my mind on the sizing.  The full size larger I ordered is narrow, but it's also a little too long.  I often run into problems with people suggesting to size up, which is their solution for shoes that are too narrow.  It's my belief that if a shoe is too narrow, then you need a different shoe and shouldn't just size up to make them work, because then the footbed doesn't fit right: besides, I already have narrow feet and it looks like I'm wearing clown shoes whenever I size up any.  I'm not sure that my normal size would have worked in these boots, but I wouldn't suggest sizing up any more then one-half, because a full size is just too much.
B004Q01HZM Not a winter boot! I recently picked these up in Dark Brown from Zappos, size 9.5 (I normally wear a man's US 10 for sneakers/shoes but have learned to go a 1/2 or full size down with just about any boot/depending on brand). The 9.5 was too big and the dark brown too dark for what I wanted so I returned them only to pickup a size 9 in red brown from Amazon for much less. The 9 fits great with a thicker insole, I honestly think I could have gotten away with an 8.5 with the stock insoles. The leather is very supple/soft especially the mid portion of the boot (after the toe cap). As noted in another review the laces are weird, very thin/light and come undone easily; I feel they might break every time I lace them up. Break in period seems like it will take a bit longer for the ankle area; these boots cover my ankle and cause significant rubbing, so much so that I ended up bruising just walking to and from work last night (8 blocks or so).
B004RQ1JH6 Solid shoe Needed steel toes for work but didn't want a boot. This one does the trick and is comfy right out of the box. Sturdy, great traction, and looks great. We'll built all around. Highly recommend.Size runs large, really large. I'm normally a 10 1/2 with other Timberlands and even 11 in some other brands, but 9 did the trick with this one. I knew this before ordering but Amazon makes returns so easy I bought a couple sizes and sent the other ones back. Easy peasy.
B004RQ38B6 Runs a bit large... Great product but runs a bit large. I debated on whether or not I should stick to my regular size (12) or consider some of the other posts that stated it ran a 1/2 size too large. Sure enough, shoes came in and they looked great. However, they indeed ran about 1/2 size too big. So my advice is to consider your weight and type of foot (wide, narrow) if you're on the fence on what size to grab. I'm not a heavy set guy and would consider my feet to be on the wide side and found that 11.5 on this product to feel and fit much cleaner than a regular 12. Overall- excellent product if this type of design is what you're looking for.
B004T19U7U I love these boots! I wear a women's size 8 and that translates to a 6.5 in kids shoes. I've worn these everyday since it started snowing here a week ago. These are very warm, waterproof and comfortable. The bottom of the shoes have great traction. These are true to size and I would definitely buy these again.
B004T19U7U Nice except the sizing issue. I have been with the Timberland every winter for boots. My daughter whose feet are extremely narrow usually size 1, yet I took the advice from other reviewers, ordered 3 size up, and good with a bit of wiggle room not dangerously big. Shift is longer than the picture, perhaps, it's for a bigger kid? My daughter loves the look, reminds me of a gingerbread girl or some sorts:) Her old boots she went through three seasons are still a brand new looking, so it may be safe to say that this pair would be as sturdy as the previous ones.
B004T19U7U best boot ever..fit and environmentally! I'm careful of my new purchases because I want to buy from earth friendly companies.  I'd never bought from Timberland before but I liked all I had read.  When they arrived they were in a 100% recycled box...bonus points!  On the box was a mission statement of sorts...very impressive!  They definitely hit the mark with their environmental viewpoint....and they are continually moving forward to be better for the earth.Now about the boots.  I wanted something warm and comfy, with a bit of hippy style.....perfect!  I love that you can get the laces set at the perfect tightness and NEVER mess with them again, just use the zipper.  I also love that there is a tab that comes over the top of the zipper and Velcros to the boot, holding the zipper pull in place so it doesn't bounce up and down driving you crazy.  I wear ankle socks and the inside of the boots are soft and yummy so I don't have to worry about them scratching up my legs.  The brown color is deep and rich, and so far hasn't discolored or faded out in the snowy/wet weather. I followed all the advice in previous reviews saying to go up in size, if you wear a half size.  I would normally wear a 5-5 1/2 in youth, or 7-7 1/2 wide in womens.  I ordered the size up, a 6 in youth (big kid), and they fit perfect.  Even with my chubby foot and the fact that the entire foot is closed off, I had no issues getting my foot into a 1/2 size larger then normal.SO...in short:  They look good!  They feel good!  They are environmentally friendly!  What more could you ask for?
B004WJ6TS2 These are true to size These are true too siize, beatiful color no problem just to big, so if you get them, get your exact size.
B004ZCE19U Great Boots Great looking boots very pleased with them, worth every penny. Make sure you go down a half or full size from your normal size because they do run bigger.
B004ZCE19U ORDERED THE WRONG SIZE... Timberland Men's 6-Inch Scuff Proof Lace-Up Boot,Black,7 M US looks good dare i say it even better than the pictures show. too badd the size was wayy small for me ( re ordered a 15 w this time).
B004ZCEVP4 Great quality, killer deal First, very good quality Timberlands, just what you'd expect. I actually bought these for a different purpose than most. I'm a size 13 and I bought these size 15's to use for wade fishing so I can wear my waders, which require a boot/shoe size over them of about 2 sizes. I got these Timberlands for just $21 as they had been returned and were on clearance (even though they were brand new). So for about 100 off retail I'd have been happy if they were purple and had sequins (ok, not really, but the fish don't care).
B0054HM2UU Not true to fit Much like other reviewers, I found this boot to be to tight even though I ordered a larger size than I normally wear. Ended up returning and going back to the Titan series
B0054HM2UU Varies a little in size by the different countries there made in. I tried this item on locally and it was very comfortable and roomy but the pair  I rec. felt  more narrow and much tighter I may have to return for another size! These are a great value but they're produced in multiple countries and I can tell a difference in size depending on which country they're produced in. That's my experience anyway!
B0058RFQLS According To Size Chart Larger Than True Size I ordered these shoes for sailing after I ordered a pair of Top-Sider SB1070 boat shoes in a size 9. I couldn't get the size 9 Top-Sider shoe on my left foot. The reviews on the Top-Sider said they were true to size. I thought I'd do more research and found the Formentor Oxford by Timberland. The sizing chart, which is only a guideline not specific to this shoe, indicated that I should wear a size 10. When the shoes arrived, I loved them, however, they are around an 1" too long for me! Now I will have to order the size 9's and the price will increase from $55.00 to $71.19 U.S. I don't know why 1 size smaller is $16.00 more, I'd have expected the smaller size would have been cheaper. Perhaps the size 10's aren't selling therefore the lower price? They are extremely lightweight, comfortable, designed to dry quickly and not retain water, and seem to be well designed as far as the anti-slip feature. I love the lacing. The laces stay tied up (compared to other athletic shoes I've had). I definitely think that Timberland has designed a great shoe for boating, and hope that a size 9 will be the perfect fit. I don't usually order shoes on-line, without having tried them on previously, however I have never seen these shoes in a store, so had to order sight unseen. I would have given them 5 stars, however, according to the sizing chart, the measurement from toe to heel was inaccurate for me (10-1/4" = size 10). I will measure my foot again to ensure that I did not measure inaccurately the first time. I recommend these shoes for boating but have not yet been able to try them "on the water".
B0058RMG4I Bottom Line: Wonderful shoes if you have a standard size foot These shoes are very well made. The leather is very soft and comfortable. They are very study and have a great industrial asthetic. I would have given them 5 stars, except at size 11 they suffer from the not uncommon problem of having the arch in completely the wrong place. Normally this wouldn't be a problem, but the ankle strap forces my foot to hover uncomfortably.  Sadly I will be returning them.
B00590WN4C Love the look, color and comfort..but... I just received my shoes in Navy yesterday. I think they look better in person. The photo does not do them justice. They are beautiful and the most pretty shade of blue/Navy. However, when I tried them on, it seems that I need a hole inbetween the existing holes on the buckle around the ankle. Right now with the pre-existing holes they are either too tight or too loose. I could have lived with that if the rest of the shoe actually fit. It didn't feel like my true size of 7.5. It was like a person with a size 9 foot wore them for a couple of days and sent them back. They were so loose around my foot. I'm so upset I have to send them back. I'm hoping a size 7 might fix the size problem but I'm not sure. I still might have the ankle buckle/hole problem.
B00590WN4C Keybo I like the shoe but I wish I order a size bigger. This was a 101/2 but other then that they ok
B00590X3CS Beautiful Love this shoe.  I was very pretty on.  Durable.  I normally wear a size 10, but I should've ordered a 9 instead of a 9.5.
B00590X3CS Love it ! High quality shoes ! you can tell immediately ! very comfortable even when you wear them the first time ! I normally wear a size 8 US but I'm a size 39 for European size some how the 39 was corresponding to a 8.5 US so I took them in 8.5 US and they fit perfectly ! good look and good support ! I recommend them ! awesome product !
B00591OQCS very comfortabe fit is true to size and the are quite comfortable. I have received many compliments on these shoes.  love them
B005A5YQ2S Timberland Men's GT Scramble Mid Boot,Black Smooth,9.5 M US coincides with the size chart size chartI like this product. quality at a high level, this seller quickly sent the goods, the idea is very original position
B005A5ZAQY great shoe I want to buy another pair but can't find my size, (9 1/2 reg.)  a very common size. They fit great, They are water proof, I sprayed them with a hose after planting a couple of trees, Not a drop got through.
B005APTZ4W 'A LITTLE TIGHT" THESE SHOES WERE JUST TOO TIGHT.  SHOULD HAVE ORDERED A SIZE BIGGER.  HAVE HAD THEM IN THE SHOE STREACHER AND THEY ARE JUST BECOMING WEARABLE.
B005APTZ4W awesome boot....size seems to run small Love the boot. Wife loved the boot. I pretty much wear a size 10 and these were just a tad bit tight. Returned them with NO problem at all and just reordered the 10.5. Can't wait to get them. The 10.5's fit perfect. I would recommend ordering 1/2 size up on these.
B005BWB2QI Too Large I typically wear a 12.5 or 13 and needed to order an 11 for correct fit.  Great product that meets all expectations.  Just required multiple send backs to get the right size.
B005BWB2QI They are do NOT runs large! This shoes runs true to size! I read many reviews where people say that this one runs large but it is not true. I usually wear size 10, sneakers 10.5, Clark's shoes- 9.5. Kiawah bay 9.5 is too small to me!
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Boat shoe I ordered these shoes for my son and the quality looked fine, but they were huge. He normally wears a size 9, but ended up in a size 8. I just wanted others to know that these are nice shoes, but run LARGE!
B005BWB2QI Too large Shoes were of great quality, but my boyfriend wears a size 10.5 but the 10.5 I ordered didn't fit so I returned them and got a size 10. The size 10 didn't fit either so I just returned them for a 9.5. We will see if they fit.
B005BWB2QI Nice..!! Nice style if you are the person who like wear jeans and polo shirts all the time, or shorts and polos, the style is sporty but classic, the are somewhat kind of large, timberland have to fix that issue with the size, usually I'm 10 but order 9.5 and still a little loose with sox, (I don't like sox with this shoes), anyway I will recomend order a size down of your original size. Overall they are good shoes.
B005BWB2QI nice shoes I ordered these for my son who routinely takes a size thirteen.  After reading the reviews I also ordered a size 12 because I needed the shoes within a very short timeframe.  The two sizes arrived the same day and the size 13s floated on him......this is a nice shoe but runs SUPER big.  Order at least a full size down.
B005BWB2QI Great buy! As some reviewers pointed out, the size is slightly larger than what I'm used to in a size 8 shoe. But since the laces can tighten things up, the shoes fit comfortably. I bought these to replace well worn Rockports which lasted me many years.  The Timberland version, however, is a much better buy for the money. They are well constructed, comfortable and almost half the price of Rockpports.
B005BWB2QI Great buy! Good looking, well constructed shoe. Runs slightly larger than its Sperry version (might suggest 1/2 size down from Sperry sizing). Otherwise, would definitely recommend!
B005BWB2QI Buy half size larger I went with the other posts suggesting going a half size larger. They were right, order half size larger. Otherwise great shoes.
B005BWB2QI Not very happy I was SO excited to get these for my boyfriend for Christmas and they arrived in the time they were suppose to but HUGE! Very disappointing. Returning them, but I can't exchange them .. very weird. Hopefully I can re-order them in a size 8 (which is a size 10). Make sure you check your sizes before ordering!
B005BWB2QI very comfy Nicely made. Comfortable. I have them on right now. Mine are a good fit and seem to run true to size.  Very happy with them.
B005BWB2QI Size It was too large and not that comfortable. The problem is the size of it. I'm very ok with tgat.
B005BWB2QI Sizing is way off. A size 9 fits like an 11 These shoes are very nice. They seem to be well made, but are poorly sized. I wear an 11 shoe. Just had second pair delivered, size 10,  and they are still to large. I am going to try a size 9. If that does not fit I will throw in the towel.  Would probably be 5 stars if fitting wasn't such a headache.
B005BWB2QI satisfied with quality but not service This is my first time to buy shoes on US Amazon from China. I am mad at this purchase even I really like the shoes and quality is greatI think there are must be a big problem in the customer service if correct shown size can not be shown before we bought.The best Heel to Toe of my shoes is 29CM, so I choose US13 as size info shown it's 29.5CM of EU45. You know what??  When I  got it, the size label  shown the size is EU47.5 and Heel to Toe 31CM.I wait the shoes for 45 days and got a shoes I can barely wear. I want to buy more shoes from amazon because the price it's perfect.But I can not buy a shoe and wait for 45 days to get a shoes of bigger size than size info show.Please do something to update the right size info, amazon team..
B005BWB2QI Been a size 10 since I was 12 yrs. old, BUT I love the Quality and style of the Timberland shoes, but the size 10 mediums I received were a bit longer than all of my other size 10 shoes.  They are just enough too large to feel sloppy, but I'll wear them with heavy socks and not sans socks as usual for boat shoes.
B005BWB2QI great shoes Top brand and top quality shoes. I took the advice of other purchaser and dropped the buy size by half a size and fits perfectly.
B005BWB2QI Read Other's Posts as they are Useful Shoes came in as expected without any issues with packaging.  It was double boxed for stiffness so nothing was damaged.I read people's posts and questioned whether or not I should go 1/2 a size smaller.  I usually buy 11-1/2 size shoes due to my wide feet.  For sketchers or boots in general this rule of thumb usually works for me.Since this is my first venture into loafers I forgot the material is leather.  So over time the shoes will stretch and so with this reasoning I went with size 11 as recommended by others.  Its actually a little tight at first but I purchased some conditioner and after wearing it for a week I suspect they will fit perfectly.  So remember that this is leather and forgiving.I might consider buying another pair if these work out well.
B005BWB2QI size comments from previous buyer is helpful We have taken the size comments from previous buyer for reference and purchased this shoe with one size grad smaller, the fact is proving that  the comment is very helpful for perfect fitting.The shoes looks nice with natural color and style,  the good workmanship with thicker natural leather will be durable for wear and tear, it has value for money.
B005BWB2QI size GreI love these shoes, they are not even the size requested. I am a size 10 (U.S.), and the fit is not perfect. But find me in Venezuela not able to changeat quality
B005BWB2QI I love them in all their huge glory These are super comfortable and exactly what I was looking for.  Except that they are quite large compared to other shoes of a similar size.  I usually wear a 14 regular and that is just about right.  After reading other reviews, I went for the 13 wide because I didn't want to get ones that were too small.  The 13W came out larger still than a 14 usually fits me but I think a 12 would have been too tight.  So the lesson I learned thanks to the other reviewers was that these come larger by at least one full size than what the size usually means.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Kiawah Bay shoe Good quality materials and wears well.  Only complaint - the sizing runs large compared to my other size 10 boat shoes.
B005BWB2QI one size too large I will re-order at one full size less than all my other shoes. Price is great and good product.
B005BWB2QI Surprised at the great fit My feet are wider than most. I usually need to but a size up from my actual size to have any chance of wearing them. From other reviews that said these shoes were true to size I took a gamble and bought them in my size and the wider width. They fit perfectly. These reviews were very helpful to me.
B005BWB2QI Size Down I am usually an 11 or 11.5, I ordered the 11 and had to return for the 10.5 to fit my foot. Great shoe and very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Problem with size You must becarefull with the size. It runs from 0.5 to one size bigger than regular sizes. I had to return them and try it on in a local Timberland store to realize what my size is in this brand.
B005BWB2QI great shoes, great price This is the 3rd paid of Timberland deck shoes I've owned, just keep coming back.  Will take a little time to break in but shouldn't be an issue. They do run large so make sure you purchase at least a size down.  I typically wear a size 12 running shoe but I got a 10.5 in these.
B005BWB2QI Should have listened to other reviews....they do run large. Nice enough shoe, but they do run large.  Size 10 was more like an 11.  Like other reviewers I physically compared them to other size 10 shoes I own and they are visibility longer by almost an inch.
B005BWB2QI Comfortable, but slightly larger. Looks very cool.I bought size 7.5, but feel larger almost like Clark size 8, I can put one finger between the heel & this shoes.
B005BWB2QI Size too big. The shoe size is bigger than the expected size i was looking for of 9.5E.  Can I do an exchange?
B005FHWT5C Nice but be aware..... These are decent shoes. Your little one might have some trouble with the drawstring, but it is easy to show them how to use it. They also run a bit large. My 5 year old son wears a size 3 youth shoes and he is pretty true to size.These are a bit big on him. Maybe buy a size or half size down from what they normally wear. Other than that, he seems to feel comfortable in them.
B005FI1VE6 great shoes I bought these for my older daughter. she wears them almost daily and they are holding up wonderfully.  she says they are very comfortable and they fit true to size.
B005FI1VE6 too small .... Good product except the size. I would suggest to go for one size up atleast. I bought size 9 (kids size) for my son who is average size and all his size 9 shoes and sandals fit perfectly.
B005FI1VE6 True to size but too heavy in weight I bought this in size 11 for my 5 year old.  It was my mistake for not checking out the weight before making the purchase.  This was delivered 10 days ago but my daughter has not wore it once as she finds it heavy.
B005FI1VE6 Not size I expected I use to measure my nephew foot length and compare it with the size chart available, but unfortunately the one I got was too large. but overall I like it regardless from size
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My daughter loves the shoes. They are easy to put on and to clean. They are very durable.They also look very cute.She is 3 with a toddler size 9. I read other reviews and ordered a size 10. It is almost too small.I kept them because the ancle strap is really long and wide.If her feet grow I will just have to order another pair. But they are well worth it.
B005FI1VE6 Oh ... Size is too large.Prepared as a gift to my nephew but does not fit the size was so sorry.Nephew, but I love it and was glad.Do you want to buy? Let small select.
B005FI1VE6 Happy with my order These are sturdy, soft on the bottom and comfortable to wear for my 6-year old. I recommend it.  I am even going to buy them for him for next year a size  bigger.
B005FI1VE6 Oops wrong size.. Happy birthday Mom! I made a mistake when ordering.  I thought i was ordering s toddler size 6.  As it turns out big kid size 6 fit my mom womens size 7....lol.  I gave them to my mom for her birthday.  She loves them!  She gets alot of compliments on them.
B005FI1VE6 Ordered them in lieu of a women's size I wear a women's size 7 and I couldn't find any shoes that I liked in my size that weren't really expensive. I ordered these and they are wonderful.  Very comfortable, very easy to wear, look great too.
B005FI1VE6 wrong size 8These sandles were the wrong size.
B005FI1VE6 Seems mismarked I bought these size 5 shoes for my granddaughter. We exchanged them for a size 6. When the 6's arrived, noticed quite a disparity between the sizes. My daughter says it looks like the 5's were actually 4's, so maybe were mismarked. Anyway, they were different than the other size 5's she has. Nice shoes, though. Always previously liked timberland brand.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe. Comfortable and true to size Received quickly.  Very comfortable and true to size. Will definitely be back to buy more. Comes in different sizes which is great.
B005FI1VE6 Runs a little small. I bought a 10, half a size larger than my son's true size and the shoe fits just right, they won't last past this summer (2 months).  My intention was to buy a little bigger so he would be able to wear it longer.  Other than that we are very satisfied.  I would buy this item again.
B005FI1VE6 Great shoe, order one size up! Love these shoes! They are a great buy on amazon because they usually run $30 each. I bought three pairs for my three kids and they love them. Just make sure you order one size larger than your child normally wears. I did and they fit great.
B005FI7PYG Perfect product wrong size chart The product is perfect but the size chart is wrong. I was buying it for my 8 year's old daugther so I mesaure her feets and try to find the size, it said numer 3. When I recived it, that size was for me!!!
B005FM5Q3O Great shoes but a size too small I love these but I  had to exchange for a size bigger. My boys love them as they prefer close-toed sandals and timberland is has excellent quality. Looking forward to getting the bigger size so my boys can enjoy these in the hot South Carolina summertime!
B005FM5Q3O Good Water Shoes I got two pairs of these. One in size 7 for my 2 year old and the other a size 11 for my 4 year old. The 2 year old's pair held up and looks great after a few uses. The size 11's on the other hand have a strap that fell off after only a week. :-( I will update my review after the replacement pair arrives and is used. I'm guessing that it was just a fluke though. The fit was true to most other brands and they look just like they do on-line.
B005FM5Q3O love them Have had them for 2 wks now and hes been wearing them everyday! They r his fave now. Hold up great in water without being slippery and the fit is so adjustable they work for chubby or skinny feet. They run a tad smaller than skechers, if ur child is in a half size i would definitely go up 1 size (9.5 go to a 10, if almost a 10 go to 11) My son is a almost a 10 so hoped it would work, it will for the summer but I wish i would have gotten an  11.  Will be getting a pair for my daughter next!
B005FM5Q3O Timberland shoe Very comfortable and high quality shoe. The only thing is, that is not true to size. I ordered US9, which is UK 25 in the size chart, but turned to be large and while reviewing, find out, that US9 is UK26, as indicated at the shoe itself. I will definately order one size smaller
B005GY99A2 Tip on sizing I ordered my normal shoe size (10.5) and found that these ran a lil big. I just placed an order for the size down (10) and plan on comparing before I return these.Although they feel slightly big, these are perhaps the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. Comfy sole, flexible leather, and a good sole! Highly recommend them if you can still find them in your size!P.S. The (chocolate) color is dark which helps them look pretty classy. From the images I expected a more rugged (less classy) look, but was pleasantly surprised by how nice they look. I was originally expecting to order a pair of CK chukkas, or something of the like, in addition to these to achieve a more dressed up lool and planned on using these for day trips spent on the feet!
B005I6RZXG The style is very pretty, but not much comfortable, it's too heavy and inflexible This style came to bigger. I usually buy 8.5 M or W size and in this particular case I need to buy 8.0 M size. I use the char size for correctly order.TThe style is very pretty, but not much comfortable, it's too heavy and inflexible
B005I6RZXG Well-made, but not as comfy as I had hoped. These are better than the rock-hard Dansko clogs I've worn working in restaurants for years, but not as comfy as I was expecting given the reviews. They seem well made and sturdy.  I followed the advice of many reviewers and ordered a half size smaller, but I wish I would have just ordered my true size.  I've been wearing them 5 days a week for between 9 & 14 hours per shift and they are still kind of stiff around the opening.  I guess no shoe will keep my feet and legs from hurting after so much time walking, but I'll probably try a different show next time.
B005I6RZXG Timberland pro Great shoe. I went 1/2 size bigger than the size guide recommend by measuring your foot. Very satisfied with my purchase.
B005QGA4H2 Well made and classy! This is a great shoe.  Very classy and great leather.  I found the size to be a little tight - I would have ordered a half size larger.  I wear thinner socks with the size I got, but would go for the extra room if I were ordering again. These are my favorite shoes!
B0063OPUB6 Why no size 8? Why isn't this boot sold in size 8?! AARGHH!! I would get these in a second if they had them in size 8.
B006T307QE Looking Forward to Getting Some High Mileage out of these Only worn them for one full day but very comfortable and seem to be very high quality.  I wear a size 11 and these size 11's fit perfectly.  So far, great boot.
B006T307QE BEAUTIFUL BOOTS!!!! I was looking for a boot just like this, but wasn't aware that Timberland made these. When i first saw them i fell in love with them and ordered them right away. They come with black and red/orange shoe laces, which i think its neat. They are light weight and just good looking.My advice would be to order .5 to a size bigger, they are a bit bulky in the inside but very comfortable.  I will definitely order another pair soon.
B006T30U8E Euro size is wrong the Euro size on the box is different from web. On box, EU 44.5, but  in size chart is 43-44. Any way, I like it, very comfortable~
B006T92CL6 Didn't meet expectations I wear a women's size 9 or 10 shoe.  These socks were advertised as one size fits all.  Right out of the package they looked small, but they did fit when pulled on tight.  After one washing that was no longer the case.  For a trusted (and expensive) brand I expected more.  They don't fit at all now, and will end up as a donation.  Buyer beware.
B006T92CL6 Size 9-10 DO NOT BUY THESE If you are a size 9-10 don't buy these, they will not fit. I would have returned them if I didn't need them for a costume the next day.  They do not fit right before you wash them after you wash them they will not fit at all. The heal now fits at my arch so they are useless. I did give it 2 stars because the color is nice if you like yellow.
B006ZGV4GC Love the look and feel Just got these boots, and I love them.  They are so comfy.  I did find that I needed a half size bigger than I normally wear as my normal size was tight around the ankle and across the top of the foot.  Very Happy with this purchase
B006ZGV9LM Very smart, comfortable high boots The boots fit me perfectly and the leather is of good quality. I usually wear a size US 5.5 for normal heels/ pumps but for this boots, I am glad I ordered 1/2-size larger and it fits well. So I would advise you to order 1/2-size up from your usual fit. The sole is also of good quality and overall the boots look very classy and elegant and yet it is tough. The only thing I have a concern is that the heels are a liitle on the high side and may cause discomfort if you wear them for a long time in one go.  But of course I knew these were higher heels when I order and I couldn't resist because they looked so good!
B006ZGV9LM Good quality, excellent look, nice price! I did order these one half size larger (based on reviews and my other Timberland boots in size 9 - versus a usual size 8.5). Love the look of these and the high quality of constructiona and weatherproofing! They are a bit tight on calves - but I'm expecting a little bit of leather stretch soon! Still look awesome!
B006ZGV9LM Cute Boots, but SIZE UP! My feet land somewhere in between a size 8.5 C/D and a 9 C/D.  I've got long skinny athletic feet with some bunions thrown in for good measure (thus the c/d).  I read the reviews for this shoe and decided to try to order my 8.5 &#34;true to size&#34; fit.  It was a mistake.  I should have ordered up.  I own 3 other pairs of Timberland Boots.  Two of the boots are 9 and one of them is 8.5  They all fit just fine (even the 8.5) but now I think that I need to stick with size 9 for boots.  The larger size allows for thicker socks and a little more room for my bunions.  I love Timberland brand boots; they are very comfortable.  These boots are extremely well made and have plenty of cushion for my feet.  I definitely recommend this boot if you like the look because the design is on point.  My two main pieces of advice would be to order wide if you think your feet are even the slightest bit wide and order a half size up if you find yourself to be in- between sizes.
B006ZGV9LM Good purchase! Great quality leather--glad I read the other reviews and ordered 1/2 size up. Heel is a little high, but the rubber tread on sole is terrific.
B006ZGV9LM Not a good fit I ordered the size I always order in boots and these were very tight across the foot.  Very disappointing because the reviews said they were true to size.  I am returning them.
B006ZGV9LM Very beautiful boots + + + + +! Having read the reviews took half size larger, and no mistake. Beautiful boots, just the leg. This is a good buy!PS: If the full legs, be careful, zip can not fastened.
B006ZGV9LM half size up solved it Free shipping and return allowed me to exchange the first pair for half size larger. Beautiful boot- fit perfectly in the larger size, and was very comfortable for all day wear, even with heel height. Will probably buy other colors if the prices are comparable.
B006ZGV9LM I love Timberland boots If you're not used to the Timberland brand, and don't know what size to get, I would suggest getting them a half size, to a wholel size larger.  They do run a little small, but that's so they can mold to your feet as you wear them.  I love the Timberland brand, I will always recommend them to anyone (male or female).
B006ZGV9LM ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE!! Probably the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned!!! True to size. Can't even tell they're high heels. Considering getting them in dark brown also
B006ZGV9LM To tight The reason why I order 11 w wast because I normally wear size 11 and I was looking to have some room but they feed my too tight  I can't  even walk with them.i will need to change it for size 12
B006ZIGRXA Apley Tall Boot I love my Timberland's, very well made product. I wear an 8 and bought the size *.5 so I would have extra room for winter boot socks. They are to big for me, I placed a insole in the boot to take up some of the space. Next time I will just stick with the  size I wear didn't return them because they did not have my size still as of January 15, 2013.
B006ZIGRXA I love these so much! I just got mine today and I love them! I ordered the dark brown and it's a beautiful color. Before I bought these I tried on a Timberland hiking boot (to get the right size in these) i tried 7.5 my normal size and my big toe was kinda hitting but not to the point of it being painful if I wore them all day. So I ordered a size 8 in these. My right foot slips out a little but my left side fits perfect. So I would say if you like more of a fitted shoe get your normal size. I will not be sending these back because I don't mind how the right side fits. And I will be ordering these in the light tan color that's how much I love these!
B006ZIGRXA Size They was a little bit large. And they have a black stain. i chose the size from your size guide but it was wrong about half point of the size.
B006ZIGS34 Too small and very tie The shoes is too small, it's very confusing what is the difference between size B/M and C/D. I brought the one in Macy before was size7, but they don't have anything that's showing B/M or C/D, finally I order size 7 in B/M, but it's very tie in the front foot, I can barely squeez my foot in there, so I order again for size 7.5, a little better. Was trying to order size 8 but its too loose. Now I end up getting the size 7.5, still tie, not what I expected, maybe I should have the C/D one instead, but its all sold out online.
B006ZIGS34 Happy with boots Very nice boots; the fit is very fine. Read a review that helped me order the right size. Ordering shoes on line is an iffy situation.Honest reviews are important.
B006ZIGS34 I have one foot larger than the other by half ... I have one foot larger than the other by half size, it is extremely hard to find shoes and boots that fit, also large size calf making the height of the boot hard to fit.
B006ZIGS34 A whole size too small I only gave 3 stars because of the sizing. I'm a true 10B(M) but in these I need a size 11.
B006ZIGT4C Awesome boot!!!!! These boots are awesome! Love them so much! I originally ordered the size 10 and had to to return them for a size 9 1/2. They do seem to run big in size. I usually take a 10 in boots, but the 9 1/2 fits perfect. These boots are so comfortable!The returning process was smooth and fast. Amazon got my exchange here very quickly considering all the snow storms we've been getting. So if your unsure of size, get what you think and if they don't fit exchange them. Its a very simple process!Thank you Amazon! Your the best!
B006ZIGT4C Snug fit I really wanted these shoes!!!  They are so adorable.  I read the reviews and followed the advice to order down 1/2 size, but it didn't work for me :(  I tried them on with thin socks, but still too snug.  They probably needed to be worn around a bit to break them in, but with a pending trip I didn't have the time to do so and not have the shoes work out.  I have a narrow foot but with the half size down, it still just didn't work.  I had to return and get something else.  I gave 4 stars as they are just adorable, but did not fit at the size I ordered and unfortunately they were out of the next size up.  Oh well, shop on!
B006ZIGYVU it's timberland (but way better looking) I was looking for a nice looking but yet strurdy boot to wear everyday: to parties, to college, going out and also walking in the rain, and these are just perfect. Thanks to another review I got 1/2 a size bigger and it fits great even with bulky socks (that's why I got a size bigger, with thin socks I would do fine with a size 9, but I have a narrow foot. If you have a wide foot you have to get at least half a size bigger, depending on what type of socks you'll wear, even one size up). I would definitely recommend these boot for anyone who wants a stylish look combined with good, sturdy material. By the way, they're in fact better looking in real life than in the pic, I get compliments everytime I wear them.
B006ZIGYVU Good Morgen This shoes is soooo, cute and comfy, i order a size bigger, thanks to a reveiw i read, and i'm so happy i did.It fits perfect with room enough for a real winter socks, i've come to realize these women timberland runs small in size, not just this, but other timbs that i've bought in the past.So thanks to that customer who did recommend buying a size bigger.
B006ZJ2ZUI Size Up! If you have a skinny foot stick to your size. If your foot is average to wide, definitely size up! Durability and style are great!
B006ZJ2ZUI Let it rain. I have been wanting these rain boots for over a year, and I finally was able to find them at a decent price! So thank you! I love them!They arrived quickly and in perfect condition as described. I think I should have gotten a size 8 just to give my foot that extra room, but the size 7 is fine.I would def. purchase from this seller again.
B006ZJ3FHK VERY CONFORTABLE / GREAT QUALITY This shoe is extremelly confortable. It's always hard for me to find a good WIDE shoe.. so Timberland is right one for me! The size runs just right - I'm size 8 US and it fits perfect. I'm very happy with my purchase, however very sad that the day after my order, the price went down and they did not applied the new discount to my order.. - very, very sad.
B006ZTTV1O Great! Very well-made pair of boots, especially for this price (shoelaces are flimsy and pathetic though). After reading some of the comments here, I decided to go half size down (from my usual 9.5US to 9) and it fits perfectly. However, bear in mind that they runs pretty tight and narrow, so if you have a high arch feet (or if you want to wear it with thick socks) I'd recommend to go with your usual size.
B006ZTTV1O For the price I can't complain Laces are decorative,boots fits 1/2 larger than size.Got them in black look kind of plasticky. Is that a word?I figure with a little wear they won't be as noticeable with some dirt and scuff marks.I would buy again. I wouldn't go up or down a size either,like the extra foot room. Might be to tight going 1/2 size down.
B006ZTTV1O Excellent boot. Classy and casual I needed something nice to wear on my feet during the Fall and Winter months in the Northeast that wasn't a pair of dress shoes. Essentially, something nice to go out in and wear with jeans or casual slacks. These are perfect. Very good looking, very comfortable. As others have noted, the quality is outstanding. I have the black leather and I was pleased that the leather does not have a glossy finish. I wear 11.5 sneakers and bought 11.5 boots, but a size 11 or maybe even 10.5 would probably fit better. The sizing definitely runs a little bigger. I would recommend going at least half a size smaller than sneaker size. I chose these over some Steve Madden options because of reviews stating that these were built better and comfortable out of the box. I am glad I listened as all of these things are true. The Steve Madden styles might have a slightly more contemporary look, but these look great and will likely stand the test of time better. I have no complaints about these boots. They're excellent.
B006ZVM90M Very comfortable boot I luv it and it fits perfectly, they are very warm too. If your are to order these boots make sure to order a half size bigger or even the full size up.
B006ZVM90M i love them I ordered a half size larger, and at first thought they felt tight on the toe part, but as soon as I actually wore them and walked around in them, they are very very comfortable and fit great.  Would have liked them to be a bit longer in the leg, as I have long legs.Would definitely recommend them.
B006ZVM90M I like it, but definitely order one size up They're good looking shoes, though not as pretty as the photo. But definitely, definitely order one size up. I order a half size up it  felt a bit tight. I have thin and skinny feet.
B0070SHSGE size is not right The shoes show US10.5 W as ordered, however the size actually is more like US12 W. Had to send it back.
B0070SHSGE Size 12 feels more like a 11.5 The build quality is solid, the shoe is attractive, and description is accurate.  However, the size fits a bit small and the top back of the shoe cuts into my Achilles with a somewhat sharp edge.  I wish they were a bit higher or softer there.  I have only worn them a couple of times and hoped to break them in and stretch the leather.  I'm now going to just give them to my son, who is a size 11 and I won't have to go through the pain.
B0070SI95I tim earthkeep Do not have much time to wear due to work sche. But are definitely comfortabble. And look much better in reality than picture. Definitely u would wnt to pick a full size down from tennis shoe size. Very Satisfied...
B0070SI95I Boot runs BIG! Love the color though We had to order this booth 3 times until we got the size right! My husband just bought a pair of timberland boots from DSW in a size 11 so we figured he wears 11 in Tims. WRONG! We ordered these in an 11, then a 10.5 , and now the 10s are on their way to our house. $300 later we will finally have a pair of boots that fit him. Now to ship the other two pairs back. Other than the size drama the boots are great! Classy and perfect for every day use
B0070SI95I Perfect Boot Its absolutely true, the shoe runs a full size bigger. Amazon is obviously the best, sent me my new size within days of recieving the bigger size and it fits perfectly.The shoe has a rugged look and a modern feel at the same time. It honestly is just a great boot. My first pair of Timberlands and I couldnt be happier.
B0070SPKZU Sizing and Initial Reactions I wear usually a 10.5 mens, but have some shoes in 11 and some in 10.  I also have a moderately narrow foot.  I ordered the 10D, the medium width.  The shoes fit great.  I have heard to size down a full size, but I chose to drop just half a size.  I could maybe fit into a 9.5, but with warm wool socks they fit well.  Went ahead and bought some Lexol cleaner and conditioner, as well as a can of snoseal.  Hopefully these last a lifetime.  Will have to put up a follow up review in a year or so.
B0070SVW3Y As I expected I have had a pair of these before so I knew this would be the right size. Glad they still had 1 left
B00710TZM6 Timberland boots I followed some of the other reviews and ordered an extra half size bigger and should not have done that.. they are true to size.  I also feel if they are to be a winter boot there should be more lining inside for warmth.  They are comfortable to wear and stay tied well but are cold unless you have a double layer of socks.
B00711TQNS LOVE!!!!! THESE BOOTS ARE SUPER CUTE!!!! I ordered my daughter these boots in a size 7, larger than her actual size, because I wanted her to be able to get use out of them. She usually wears about a 6-6.5. I would say they run true to size. They are of great quality and I am considering buying her another pair. Everything from the faux fur to the soles of the boots came in great condition. They are slip on boots, so they were difficult to put on until I stood her up. My daughter's feet are a bit on the chunky side still. She is almost 19 months old.
B007133XSU very satisfied daughter bought these in a half size bigger for my daughter and they look so stylish. Went up a half size because she can use them all winter and with thick socks, it works. She can wear them roll down or straight (knee length). Great price I got them for!! Very happy, as is she
B0071BD33M Too large The shoes are very well made, but they run at least 1 size larger. I expected using them this fall and winter, it won't happen because of the size. Pls post the correct size table so people would know what to order.
B0072AE45S This pair of shoes is a little large. I bought this for myself. And it's a little large according to the size info on your page. I should buy a small size.
B0072NQIZ4 Long enough I wear a size 11.5. (hard to get) So my expectations for this shoe were low. It was nice to put them on and the length was good in a size 11 they do run a little wide.
B0072NQIZ4 Love them. True to size and very comfortable. I could not find these in stores. I was worried about buying shoes without trying them on, but these fit great.
B0074HSGO4 very large it was not my size, my order was 10.5 and I get 11.5.very large, the urgently needed but it was not expected.
B0077635G6 Timberlands.....what can you say? Timberlands are great. They run a size large (size 15), so I sent them back for a size 14. Very comfortable.
B007782V1O True to size Great boots! Very comfortable and very warm and I found them to be true to size. Seem to be well made andlook great.
B007782V1O It looks sturdy shoes I made &#8203;&#8203;a mistake with the size and therefore I have to sell them, since return from Russia is very expensive. Definitely order a half size larger than you normally wear. Externally boots look great. Good skin. Stitched quality.
B007782V1O Authentic, Durable, True to Size, and Looks Great! I am impressed by the quality of these boots. They arrived in brand-new condition and are authentic Timberlands. I am an 8 1/2 B(M) so i ordered an 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly! However, I do have pretty slim feet so if you have wide feet, make sure that you specify that along with your order. If you want to wear extra thick socks, then I suggest going a half-size up than what you usually wear. Overall, I'm very happy with my very first Amazon purchase. This particular seller ship fast! I received my boots within 3 days of placing my order. And the price was hard to beat! Will definitely do business again with this seller! Very impressed.
B007782V1O Need to up your size when purchasing I am normally a size 5.5 to 6 and I ordered a size 6.5, it fits just nice with a think socks. And my feet are slim, so do consider up the size when you order
B007EFDGJQ Way undersized.. I have Timberland boots in size 11.5M that fit perfectly, so I bought these boots in 11.5M as well. Wrong! these particular boots are way smaller, I couldn't even get my foot in them. Plus, (as one reviewer stated) I don't think think I could get these on and off using the zipper alone without having to mess with the laces due to the webbed opening. It just doesn't open wide enough when unzipped.That said, they did look like nice quality boots in person, and I may reorder a larger size. I would probably go a full size larger next time though. I still love Timberland boots, they are some of the best out there.These just might not be the style for my foot, who knows..If I get a pair that fit, I'll adjust this review accordingly..
B007TGA2JM size wise I wear a true size 8m in every kind of shoe or boot. They were out of my size 8 m. After reading reviews I figured they ran a little big. I ordered a 7 1/2 m . They fit just like a size 8 m. Love the quality. My calves are very skinny as I weigh 110 lbs. They are snug around calves due to the lace up. Great purchase for me, now all I have to do is break em in to soften up. Kinda hard right now when riding and shifting my Harley.
B0080CACC6 False advertisment I order these socks thinking that it was one size fits all.  When I recieve the socks it said size 9 -12 boot size.  I normally get great size service from Amazon but this time I was very dissatified with the product.  Amazon please correct your website to reflect the correct sock size.Thank You.
B00828VKFQ Measure your foot size and compare to timberland sizing chart before ordering! I based my size on info listed that 70 percent stated they were true to size; unfortunately that was not the case for me. I am returning the shoes but intend on re-ordering a smaller size.
B0083IUGO6 Half size down There are a few patches around the arch area where the factory coating missed out. But it is not much of a problem as it can be solved by own leather care product.The fitting is just around half size larger, which i find it quite comfortable. Room for height added insoles as well.Comfortable out of the box, I don't think i need a week to break in!I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 as the upper is not welted to the soles. Somewhat glued. However, I will just trust the Timberland brandAmazon's service is great!
B008FN5ZRC cool boots Very nice and rare color. I Ordered one size and a half down my regular size and it fits very well. Timberland boots are timeless classics!
B008FN5ZRC Not true to size. This shoe was exactly what I wanted; however it was not true to size. Too big all over, in length & width.
B008J0PKIA So Cute!!! Thanks so much to Amazon for the fast delivery and returning my mails on time. These shoes are really comfortable and true to size.  I will try to buy another pair for different colour if I can find my size....
B008KLEYLM Great Shoe but wrong size sent. I am always a 41 so I ordered this size and was sent a 41.5 which is too large for me but as I need them to wear to work, I have no choice but to keep them.  Usually very happy with amazon but not this time.
B008KLEYLM Not true to size! Do Not buy! This so far has been my worst purchase ever. I am a true size 9 so that is what I ordered. I got them and the right one felt uncomfortably tight. To tight to wear. I called customer service (they where very nice and helpful)and explained the situation to them. They said that there was a possibility that they where mislabeled and would sent me out a new pair next day air. Like I said they where very nice. I got the new pair and all though the right one was tight it was not as tight as the 1st pair so I thought I would give them a try. Now I have a blister the size of a quarter on my right heel and I am in pain.This is only after wearing for only a few hours. Now I don't think I can return them because I have worn them. A waste of $50. I did not expect this from a brand like Timberland. Needless to say I would not purchase from them again! Very disappointed and a unhappy customer!
B008KLGHL2 another great pair from Timberland Very happy with the Timberland BareStep Slide. Ordered my normal size 5.5, shoe fits true to size, in the black. Wore right out of the box without any issues. Definitely recommend.
B008M27754 Good quality, size is somewhat large The width is about right, but the length is too long for the stated size.  I ordered 11.5, length is closer to 12.  Quality is very good to excellent.
B008M27754 Fits too large Very comfortable, not bad looking, does fit too large. I bought a 9.5 when I usually wear 10; it's still too large.
B008M27UHO very good shoes Very good quality and good looking! I absolutely like the shoes and would recommend to others! My foot is 27cm long and I ordered Size 10 according to size chart. However they are loose-fitting to me, a bit bigger. So I should have better ordered 9.5 size I think.
B008M2MGSC Something Different I like these Tims! They're a mix between boot and sneaker which is like the best of both worlds. I have a couple different pairs of ACGs and Timberland "boot-sneakers" and these are definitely the nicest pair I have. I ordered a half size bigger and they fit perfectly. I suggest you do the same because if I would've ordered my usual size, they would've been too tight. Haven't wore them much yet so I will update if any issues arise there. Other than that I like these a lot! I might even get the black ones too!
B008M2MGSC Nice casual boot/shoe I like my new boots.  They're well made and fairly comfortable.  I ordered them in the same size I normally wear in boots and they're about a 1/2 size bigger, but since they don't come in a 12.5, I'll make them work.
B008M2OCP2 Too large but will work around the house I wish I could have traded these out but my daughter decided to get creative with the shoebox. I wear a size nine for everything. This size nine is way to loose. This is really an awkward online buy. For sure half size, maybe more, to big
B008M2OCP2 Nice shoe Purchase this pair of shoes a little while back. It is definitely a big fit for it size. I'm not too sure if it was a manufacture error or something but, I have been wearing size 12 for about 10 years or so and I'm pretty sure that it isn't suppose to fit like this.
B008M2OCP2 Misunderstanding in sizing info between Amazon.com and Timberland company I live in Europe and use europian sizing of shoes, I usually wear shoes with europian size- 42.5.When I find this shoes on amazon com, i find my foot size for USA shoe size measurement on amazon.com SIZING INFO, europian 42.5 size was coincided with US sizing - 9.5. I thought this was my size and bought &#34;Timberland Men's Brookridge Slip-On,Brown,9.5 M US&#34;When my new shoes arrived to me, it really was 9.5, but to the right is written europian size - 43.5, I was surprised, I was not wait for it, Misunderstanding between companie's sizing info disappointed me, because I can't wear large shoes.
B008M2OCP2 Great Shoes I normally wear a size 15 and unlike other timberland's the 15 was true to size. This shoe is light weight and great for the office. I find myself forgetting they are on my feat. I have worn them nearly everyday since purchase and they needed no break in time. I definitely will be buying this type of show again.
B008M2P490 Sizing chart isn't reliable! The sizing chart is deceptive!!I went with the Euro size, however it is not correct.Go with your regular US size.
B008M2P490 Much nicer thank I thought! These appear to be incredibly high quality shoes by Timberland. I say &#34;appear&#34;as although I ordered in my normal size (9.5), they are at least one full sizetoo large? Kind of caught me off guard........going to hopefully exchange forthe next size down.......... the other thing I did not notice is that these have thenewer elasticized shoe string, as opposed to the draw string. I missed that uponinitial inspection and not a fan but likely will give them a try. Nice shoes and alwaysgood service and quality product(s) from Amazon.......thank you! (oh, I rate a 4only because I have not had a chance to try them out due to the immense size diff).
B008M2P490 size is not true one Have receive pair of these shoes that size is 12M that is same as EU 46, before I've order another pair of Timberland boots that size is 11,5M (EU 45,5) and it is fits well, so these 12M size is not 46 EU as it mentioned. So be aware of it.
B008M2P490 About a half size off for me anyway. The quality seems good and I hesitate to order the next half size down because it may just be my feet getting older ;)Fortunately my son can wear them to do casual walking
B008M2YZKY Timberland Men's Hookset Handcrafted Oxford Size 11.5 M US My normal width size is 2E to 3E.  Medium was too tight a fit.  Also, on testing the shoe for length, size 12 would have been a better fit.  Otherwise, nice shoe.  Too bad you don't have my size.
B008M2YZKY Comfy and Cool These are comfortable shoes. They look great. They run larger than my timberland boots so I had to fo a half size down.
B008M2ZFQW Shoes are too small I choose the wrong size if they were size 14 they would have been perfect . I think they look good and they are what I expected I will be more careful with size selection next time
B008M2ZFQW sweet shoes incredibly comfortable. if you order the shoe in the correct size, you won't be disappointed. you can't beat them for the price. I don't know what else to say.
B008M4UN0S Size up!!!! I have regular sized feet. I bought the size 8 in these and they did not even go past my toes, the width on them are very narrow. I returned for a size 9.5. I will update on how they fit once I get the bigger size.
B008M4UN0S Slipper design was slightly small This pair of timberland slipper design is narrow and slim. Therefore it is slightly smaller compare to other size 8 slipper. Therefore it will be better if add 0.5 size to your usual shoe/slipper size.
B008M4UN1C Fun and comfortable I really like these shoes and have been wearing them all summer. They are casual and comfortable and go easily with summer dresses, skirts, shorts, etc. The fit is true to size and they flatter my long size 11 feet. The color is really more of a faded red-orange than true or bright red. Recommended!
B008M4UN1C Comfortable Whittier I wear a size 8 medium and I ordered a size 8 medium. This shoe fits perfect in length for a size 8 but the width of the front straps fits a wide foot. there's a big gap between my foot/toes and the crossing straps above. These are very comfy and a nice low wedge. These could be worn everyday for comfort. I'm so sorry I have to send them back.
B008M4UN2Q GREAT SHOES GET 1/2 SIZE LARGER THAN NORMAL I read the reviews so ordered a 71/2 instead of my normal 7 they are perfect they are well made and extremely comfortable I love these and going to order in another color HIGHLY RECOMMEND
B008M4UN2Q Timberland Lola Ordered a half size up as recommended and they fit perfect. Regularly a size 8 and ordered 8.5. Cannot comment on their comfort as i cannot wear them as its not yet summer.
B008M4UN2Q Too short + too narrow In my opinion, these do not run true to size.  I've never had an issue ordering my size online before - this is the first time a size 10 has not fit me.  They are cute and very well-made, but they do not fit.  Sadly, I am returning.
B008MHQP5M Great Shoes I've been using them for some time and they are very confortable. I am a regular size 14 but this one fits a little large but they are ok.
B008MHR6D2 size does not fit Quality is good.But...I have Timberland shoes, size 7 D(M) US.But this boat shoe, size 7 D(M) US, are too large.
B008MHR6D2 true to size (with socks) Have no idea how these will hold up over time, but they feel well made. The color was exactly the brown I was hoping it would be. The recipient of these shoes typically wears a size 11, and said these boat shoes were true to size for someone who prefers to wear socks with boat shoes.
B008MHR6D2 Good shoes These are good shoes. May not be the quality of Sperry Topsiders though.Others have said that they run a size large. I would say a 1/2 size if at all.Nice soft leather. I would buy these again.
B008N6YRCK Very comfortable I usually wear a size 8.5 and these were true to fit.  Very comfortable.  I receive lots of compliments when I wear them and I happily recommend them.  Can't wait to order in other colors.
B008N7GT9I nice boots, just buy them 1/2 of size bigger... n&iacute;ce looking boots. I usually buy 10.5 on timberland but, with this boots, like someone said, you should get 1/2 of size bigger.good luckJM
B008N7GT9I I wear a size 8. The 8.5 is more like a 8.0. I wear a size 8. The 8.5 is more like a size 8.0. Can't wait to do some long distance walks.
B008N7H654 Great shoes Usually I use 13 size and this size fit perfect to my foot, but this Timberland 13 size fit a little bit large
B008T65HI2 It can't get any better. Had bought a size 11.5D of this boot but had to give it out as a gift. However I still wanted to get a pair for myself but couldn't find it in that size or color (black) and at the sale price so I opted for size 12 and surprisingly it fits good. Love it!
B008TNCG6Q Not True to Size Order a size up - the boots physically measure a size smaller than standard size charts. Though they are tagged as an 11, they measured as a 10. Had to go through the hassle of a return and get the right size. The product itself is okay - a bit pricey, but convenient.
B008VD3M4E Very beautiful and good quality, but less than the size. I bought for my son Timberland 6 Inch Premium Waterproof Boot size 5,5. And now I decided to order  this boots a size larger. It turned that old and new boots  have the same size. Timberland Field Boot was less on one size.
B008VPU0GK Nice It rains a lot in KY in fall and winter and I got sick of wet shoes so I bought a pair of these in brown from a local store.  I tried on multiple boots in price ranges from $60-150 and went with these for several reasons.  First they have a classic rugged style that goes with jeans or pants.  They are also Waterproof, lightweight, comfortable, not bulky or oversized, and the tread pattern is very nice.  Size 12 is my normal size for athletic shoes and the boots fit great for me in this size.
B008VS521K I bought this for a boy It was a little confusing with the description and sizes. It seems this could be for a boy or girl. So I appreciate that they gave the size in how long the foot would be. As in, inches. Unfortunately, I was buying for someone I don't know. so that made it a little difficult. His mother said he wore a size 2. I bought a 2. It runs a tad large or long, but not bad. Well worth it if you want a little room to grow.
B008XMW4LA Exellent! Very good shoes. They warmed - that was a surprise to me. I am very pleased with this fact. For the cold season. Skin quality. I bought a size 6 US (23 UK) - size 14 cm insole
B008ZBP2RC too small This very light shoes, definetly recommend but please take into considiration and buy one size bigger from your normal shoes size.
B008ZBP2RC Looks not everything I ordered a size 12 my normal size and I can wear them but are a little snug and not as comfortable as they could be. But I do like the looks of the who just wish they were more comfortable.
B008ZBP2RC Perfect fit and great deal for the price. First I ordered them in size 11.5 since I stupidly trusted a reviewer that warns about these shoes running half a size small.WRONG !!!Had to return them -thank you Bezos- and got the size 11 which fit perfectly.Great casual street and boat shoe and for the price one can get 4 pairs for what one set of Sperrys cost.Just ordered a second pair before they disappear.Size 11 this time.Moral of the story, not all reviewers are trustworthy.
B008ZBP2RC Good This very light shoes, definetly recommend but please take into considiration and buy one size bigger from your normal shoes size.
B008ZBP506 Nice comfortable shoe Received these today and must say they are a well constructed shoe and very comfortable. I read the other two reviews first and noticed that one guy said to order a half size up which I did and they fit perfectly so I would also suggest that. Even though the header reads size 7 for some reason I normally take a size 11 and ordered the size 11.5 which was a perfect fit.
B008ZBPGFU Great buy. Good fit and true to size. Well made and sturdy, but comfortable just the same time. I would hghly recommend. .
B0090JZSMW Got wrong size!!! I ordered 8.5 size, but I got 10 size. The main problem is that I live far from US and use intermediary to deliver  goods from amazon.  My intermediary  checked the label on the box, it was 8.5 size, but inside was another size. So now I can't return this item, because shipping back to US will be to expensive(the same as item cost).Therefore I want to express my gratitude to this stupid seller,  for the money wasted!!!
B0090JZSMW expected better quality the shoes were way to large for my son, although he wears 11.5 in sneakersI exchanged them for size 11, which i hope it will fit better.  He seems to like theshoes, but I am not impressed with the quality.
B0090K0UK6 comfortable and lightweight I normally take a size 11, but reviews had indicated these run a little large, so I ordered a 10.5.  I wish I had stuck with an 11.  The shoe fits, but my toe is at the end, a little larger would have been better.  I wasn't sure about the shoe color as I generally prefer black, but I have been told they look good.  I find them comfortable, they are fabric so no blisters or breaking them in, and they are so lightweight.  I would buy them again.
B0090LEFQK Beware: Huge sizing. Order 1 size down your Reef's size. Quality: I don't ever come back to Reef.. WOW, this Endurance model live up to its name: very sturdy, firm cushion. Not the slim layer of low density EVA kind.Size: I had to replace 1 size down. My reefs size is US11 but had to buy the Timberland at US10. The US11 Endurance was huge (long and wide) on me, and I don't have a slim feet.Overall: high value. Materials seem high quality and sturdy. I'm not a timberland fan at all in general, but this item exceeded my expectations.Looks manly and sexy
B0090X4EJQ fit as expected! very comfortable, before I bought a Timberland in shop 3 years ago, finally confirm my comfortable size is 8.5, normally I should wear size 8. This time online purchase, I stick to 8.5, it is same comfortable as my last one.
B0090X4EJQ rong size I choose the size based on the size chart of this model,(which was 10.5 = 43 and 12= 45).and when I received the shipment the size was different than what I depend on therefore it was too big. And by the way this not the first time to get different than what I order. So I decide to stop dealing with amazon.
B0090X4EJQ size Thy are were  nice  shoes ,  ,but it was my mistake i order wrong size. I was order right size and i cant wait  to get them.
B0091QISZS Manly shoes These shoes are masculine looking, simple, elegant and ultra comfortable, true to size and the price is right. The size I want has only one pair left, which I snatched right away.
B0091QISZS Good product The quality of this shoe is very good. Currentlt I have and Dockers size 11W US and ordered this in the same size. After receiving this I noticed that it was a little bit smaller that the Dockers. It would be oke if it was a 11.5W US.
B0098X5D98 runs a size large They look very nice, but I had to send these shoes back as they ran at least a size large.
B009OL2L94 very good boots Very good boots, easy, stylish. I ordered size 8M for my size 38 and the size very well for me. Easy box for transfer. Quickly the supplier shipped. With everything it is happy. Thanks!
B009PNJW5C Timberland "Helcor" boot Ordered the navy Helcor boot from Jimmy Jazz since Amazon didn't have my size. These are great boots. Scratch-proof and scuff-proof and can take damage and still look like new. Helcor boots are TRUE TO SIZE, unlike the original Timberland premium boots that are 1 size larger than your shoe size. These boots don't pick up dirt like the suede Timbs. Highly recommend to buy these if you want long-lasting boots for the winter or the harshest elements.
B009R8KH18 just right These Timberland pro insoles size medium 8-9 M US was a perfect fit for my timberland pro titan work boot size 9 1/2.
B009R9EJ3E LEGS DO NOT BOTHER ME NOW MY SON STANDS ON CONCRETE FLOORS ALL DAYHIS BOOTS ARE TIMBERLAND PROTHESE INSERTS FIT VERY WELLHE WEARS A SIZE 9 BOOTODERED SIZE 9 INSERT
B009R9EJ3E Really Comfortable These insoles are extremely comfortable.  They are better than the original ones.  My boots are a size 11 and I had to trim them down to fit.
B00AB24Q0M Runs big This product was everything my husband and I were looking for. Great styling and quality. However, it runs about a half size large. My husband has owned easily 12 pairs of Timberland boots and consistently wears the same size. In this boot it is a half size to large. So sadly we have to return it and they no longer have his size available.
B00AQL08YG I love it! This boot is so attractive! Im a woman's size 7 in boots but decided to go with a juniors size 5.5. It fits absolutely perfect. The delivery was really quick and would recommend this particular boot to others.
B00AQMAYCG Totally cute boot, but half sizes same has whole This boot is TOTALLY CUTE - soft suede, nice stitching, and neutral color (brown). The insole also seems pretty comfortable and the boot shaft hits comfortably below my daughter's knees. I ordered the 5.5, 6, and 6.5 - the 6 and 6.5 arrived together so I tried them both on her. On closer examination they are both exactly the same size. Why Timberland even BOTHERED to market the half size at all, I have no idea. The insoles come out and have "check the fit" lines (which is handy); so I held the two sizes together and there is literally no difference, not even a millimeter. So if you find your heart set on this boot but your child's size is gone, you can simply order the sister size (half or whole, as the case may be). I do recommend ordering the next size up for wide feet, as my daughter has. Her toes are at the "too big" line on the insole, but she is already maxed on width. They are not too clunky so she seems comfortable in them even though they are a little long, and they still look pretty proportional to her height. I rated this boot 4 because I don't know about durability yet, but I suppose in kids shoes its not such a big deal when they grow out of them so quickly. At a glance I'd say 2 kids could easily get through these without destroying them. Overall this is a nice boot your little one(s) will enjoy kicking leaves in and it will go with everything.
B00AQMB9O8 very large I ordered a size 5.5 boots that in your size chart is listed as 23.5 centimeters .  I got a 5.5 size but they are 27 centimeters. very very  large.
B00AQMB9O8 So stylish! I ordered these for my 3 1/2 year old.  I was pleasantly surprised by how cute, but durable they look. They are very stylish-something I would buy in my size!  The boots are a bit darker than the picture posted, and seem to be true to size.  I bought them about a 1/2 size big because I wanted them to last through fall and winter.
B00AQMB9O8 Good quality boot, wish sizing was more consistent. I bought these in size 1 for my daughter who is just coming out of being a size 13. Her calves are too large for one of these boots. My wife and I often need her to relax her leg to get the zipper closed. The other boot fits fine. So there's clearly some variability to their fit.I ordered a pair of size 4 for my older daughter. Hers fit a bit loosely in the leg but that's more related to her body type.
B00AR58UIC Amazing boot I love timberlands. They fit amazing and are so comfortable. These ones really are more durable. I am a ladies size 8 and ordered a kids 6 and they fit perfectly.
B00AR58UIC Wrong size Because it was the wrong size that I thought it was. It was infinits I was lookin for juniors sizes
B00AR58UIC If you love Timberlands,wear a womens size 8 or 9, and don't want to spend 100+, GET THESE! These Timberlands are so comfortable and warm. They fit so perfectly and they look so dope. I got the black pair since I already have the wheat color in the Timberlands Field Boots. If you wear size 8 in womens, you can get these boots. You can get size 6 for a close fit or if you want to wear thick socks, get 6.5, which I got. If you wear 9, get size 7. Basically, get 2 sizes down or 1 and a hal size down from wht you usually wear in womens.These boots are also scuff and water proof and they come with the helcor red tag. They are also genuine Timbos :). Of you love tims, get these !!
B00AR58UIC I love it I recieved my item the day they said they were gone ship...the right size and everything I wear women size 6 so the big kids size 4 fit true to size....they are cleans and brand new even has that fresh out the ware house smell I am in love
B00ARIVHXO Great boots! I'm an adult, wear women's size 4/12 or girls' 2 1/2. My foot is a bit wide so have trouble sometimes with shoes running too narrow. These fit perfectly, true to size, are extremely comfortable. Look great with leggings. Warm. And not stiff like some waterproof leather boots. They look just as cute worn high as with the cuffs down.
B00AW7M97S Great boots!! Love the look!  I usually wear a size 7 1/2, so I'm glad I went up a size.  I get lots of complements on these.  And saw them for 180.00 on another site.
B00AW7M97S Timberland Women's Savin Hill Mid Lace Boot,Black,7.5 M US Awesome boots.Fit exactly to size, will need to be broken in unless you buy 1/2 size larger. Very good quality, I bought these in black and dark brown because I am a boot person. Love them!
B00AW7M97S Not the workmanship I am used to The leather was thin, the boot was tight in the heel, the toe was cut too short. I was disappointed and sent them back. I wear a perfect size 6 and rarely have size problems.
B00AW7M97S I bought bigger... I typically wear an Women's 8.5, but go up to a 9.5 in boots.  They fit exact, even going up that many sizes.  If your foot is wider than medium, I'd suggest going up at least one size.These boots are lady-like, but in a tough as nails kind of way!
B00AW7M97S True to size I selected my ordinary shoe size and these fit perfectly. The laces helped to give an excellent fit. Slight tightness across the vamp of one foot but it broke in within 15 minutes. Soft and supple leather. International post within 1 week.
B00AW7M97S Sister loved it! I believe these fit true to size. My sister is mostly a 7.5 for most shoes. I purchased in size 8 and I'm glad I did. These are meant to be worn with thicker socks and/or with tucked in jeans or leggings, so I ordered slightly larger than her normal size. She said it fits perfectly with thick socks, so if that's how you prefer to wear these boots, order a half size larger. She also said they're extremely comfortable and she can wear them all day. Extremely well made, but that's to be expected for Timberlands.
B00AW7M97S Nice Looking Boot Unfortunately, I ordered the wrong size and had to go up a size.  The boots look great and I can't wait until the new ones come in.
B00AW7M97S Love at first sight Finally received my boots today! I usually wear a size 6.5, but ordered a regular size 7 after reading all the reviews on how the front of the boots are narrow. I have pretty wide feet, but size 7 fits me perfect! The brown one I ordered has a lovely red tone to it ! Love it :)
B00AW7M97S Try on in a store first!!!! I'd been looking at these boots for a couple of months trying to decide if I did want to purchase them so I did - and received them last night. I regret that I didn't go up at least 2 sizes! I wear an 8.5 in sandals and a size 8.5 or 9 in every pair of boots I've owned so I purchased a size 9 - I couldn't even get my heel into this shoe. I'd need a size 10-11 to possible get them to fit which is absurd. The boots will go back today and I don't think I'd ever look at a Timberland product again.
B00AW7M97S Stylish and oh so comfortable! This is my second pair of Timberland boots, and I couldn't be happier.They are made well (although, wish they were made in the USA) and feelgreat on your feet.  I love the fact that they have a side zipper and that youdon't have to touch the laces to get into them...you can adjust the laces if needbe.  I generally wear a size 7.5 in shoes but always go up a half size in boots.I got the 8 and they fit perfectly.  I would highly recommend them.
B00AW7M97S Fits True to Size After reading reviews from consumers who felt that this boot ran too narrow/small, I figured that I should share that then when my pair arrived, they fit perfectly.  I hesitated buying the regular size after many people suggested to order the wide size or a half size up.  I am glad I decided not to order a size bigger or a size wider.  I normally wear a size 9 in flat shoes and these boots fit perfectly.  If anything, I needed to tighten the laces in order for them to feel more snug.  Additionally, the boots break in really fast and are made of quality leather.  I feel as if they are going to last forever.
B00AW7M97S Wonderful...perfect...ordered my size despite reviews...Amazon, you rock, great price, fast shipping!!! Great...price, fit, color...will always shop with Amazon from now on. Also very fast shipping. Can you tell I am very pleased.  Thank you so much, Robin.  P.s. Ordered my correct size dispite the reviews...7m
B00AW7M97S Pleased!!! There great true to size and sturdy cuse im rough on shoes...i love'em nd plan to order another pair soon
B00AW7M97S Just right Initially, I wasn't sure I was going to keep them.  However, I re-did the laces and buckles, and after breaking them in for a day, I have worn them almost daily.  I love these boots!  They are so CUTE and COMFORTABLE!  I ordered my normal size 6.5 as well as size 7 (as suggested by other reviewers).  I kept the size 6.5 and sent back the size 7.  I didn't find that they ran small, especially since you can adjust the laces and buckles.  This is my first pair of Timberland, and I love them so much I just ordered another pair of Timberland boots in a different style.
B00AW7M97S Too tight I loved the look of this boot,  however my true size 9.5 fid not fit well across the top of my foot.  I tried breaking them in but it just didn't fit comfortably.  I tried a size up and I had the same problem.  Sadly I returned  both pairs.
B00AW7RBGC Lovely boot but bit too large Ordered a half size larger as suggested by some reviews but they ended up being to large especially in the heel so I returned them.  Otherwise, loved the style and color and found them to be very well made.
B00AW7RBGC Very Comfy Very comfy, true to size fit and would order again.  They Looks great with jeggings or any type of jeans.
B00AW7RBGC Size up half size As with most boots, you want to size up a half size to accommodate thicker socks. My feet are not wide, but the toe area being pointed may be slightly narrow for some shoppers. The tobacco color is slightly browner than expected and works well for my primary all purpose career boot. I shopped a long time and felt that these were the right price, style, and level of comfort. They are very comfortable!! Great deal all around!
B00AW8HF9Y A little tight I wish I had ordered one half size larger. They are snug but not too tight that i can't wear them. I hope they stretch
B00AW8HF9Y Great Boots. Stylish for Casual. Buy 1/2 Size Up I love these boots. Comfortable, casual but dressy enough for a business casual work environment. They are a little stiff but it doesn't bother me. They are also a little warm so wouldnt be great for hot weather. I am normally a size 8, but after reading the reviews here, I bought an 8.5 and that size fits well.
B00AW8J5RE Great purchase! These boots are great! I am normally a true size 8, and after reading the other reviews concerning the tightness of the boot, I still purchased a size 8. I am glad I did so. I have very narrow feet, and this shoe fits perfectly, even with a thicker sock. I am glad I finally found a boot that did not make my feet look wide and bulky, but actually fit to the shape of my foot. After a few days, the boots were broken in and are very comfortable. I ordered the brown boots with the teal shoelaces, and they are true to the photograph in the description, with a richer color. I am very pleased with this purchase!
B00AW8J5RE Super Cute! I got these in the dark brown color with teal laces and they are really beautiful! They are really hard to get off and on, but this is probably because they are waterproof.  A lot of reviews recommended buying a half size larger, but I bought these in my normal size and they loosened up and are very comfortable once I got them broken in (even though they were very tight and stiff at first).  I bought a different pair of Timberland in a size 7 and realized they would be too big once I started wearing them and the leather stretched out a bit.  If you are going to wear the boots a lot, buy them in your normal size and take the time to break them in.  If you are only going to be wearing the every once in a while, maybe buy a half size larger so you don't need to bother breaking them in.
B00AW8J5RE Great boots! After reading the reviews that the boot was somewhat tight I decided to go a size up as was recommended. I normally wear a 7/7.5 and I ordered a size 8. They fit perfectly. They are however VERY stiff, as would be expected from a waterproof leather boot... I've worn them a few times and they are breaking in nicely, I love them!!!
B00AW8J5RE Tight Fit Ordered a size up from my normal size as I read the boots fit snug.  The length was fine but if you have a high arch it is really a struggle to get your foot in and it went a little numb.  I imagine once they stretch out it will be much better.  Well made, great looking boot for the price.
B00AW8JG9G THESE BOOTS! These boots are my favorite boots to wear. I did try them on in a store before I bought them online so I knew that they would fit. I had to get a half size larger (I am normally an 8.5, ordered a 9) than what I normally get because the boots did not comfortably zip up the calf. But the size 9 was perfect! I love them.
B00AW8JG9G Awesome boots" I am tall....6' and am a size 10 foot and these are true to size...mediums are mediums... I wore them all day upon receipt and no trouble at all...comfortable and stylish...the accents on the back and across the arch have brought rave compliments...sturdy but styling....these Timberlands are fantastic...
B00AW8JG9G Order a size up I loved the style of these boots but they were too small.  I usually wear a size 7, but these were just too tight. I like to wear warm socks with them in the winter and that was not at all possible. The leather is beautiful but pretty stiff.  Hopefully you can break then in at some point. I will most likely buy them in a size 8.
B00AW8JG9G She loves these boots My wife loves these boots.She normally fits size 9 so after reading reviews we ordered size 9and they fit perfect.
B00AW8JL0A Not for me Didn't like these boots and sent them back. Didn't fit true to size and felt heavy on the foot like cement shoes.
B00AW8JL0A I wanted to love these boots... but the fit was off. Listened to other reviewers and ordered a half size up, but they were way too long. They felt somewhat stiff in the ankle as others have noted but probably would have softened up after a few wears. Bummed I had to send them back-too bad! A great-looking boot.
B00AW8JL0A Nice boots Very efficient boots for wet winter snow.  Look nice, a little bit manly, but it's O.K.  Unfortunately,I have wide feet and  I bought size 9-B as they did not have W in this size.  Maybe size 9,5 would fit me, but the price is $130-140, which is too much. The pair I am going to return, size 9, was the last one and they sold it for about $65. Very disappointed.
B00AW8K0WI Everyday Boots I usually wear a 7.5 and have a narrow foot. I ordered these a 1/2 size bigger and they fit snug. I think a 1/2 size larger may be too big since the leather will stretch but I am concerned they may be too tight with an insole or thicker sock. They are comfortable enough but I have only worn them for a day.
B00AW8K0WI Order a full size bigger thanyou normally would Definitely not true to size - I already have other Timberlands in 6.5, and thought these boots would fit, but they are very narrow in the ankle making it difficult to get your foot in.
B00AW8K0WI Not true to size The boot was not true to size. It's a beautiful boot but go a size up if you decide to purchase.
B00AZPO1BY wrong size sent I love timberlands, have owned several pairs through the years. never had a problem until I ordered a pair on line. I ordered 11m and received just 11. my old 11m's fit well.  thanks tight squeeze in Alabama.
B00AZPO1BY These shoes fit very tight I love Timberland shoes, but these just don't fit well. I ordered size 10 which is my size and they are very tight. They hurt the top of my feet. I actually had to cut slits on the sides to make them fit better.
B00AZPOIF8 Love the shoes... ... but fit is snug compared to other Timberland style I own in same size.  I am hoping that they will break in and loosen up a bit.
B00AZPOIF8 wrong size info on the sizing info, the reference on 10.5 US to the EU size shows 43-44 (43.5), on the shoe label it's 44.5 and it's one full size too big. Extremely disappointed, as they fit too large on my feet. As an international buyer it's not worth to ship it back for replacement, therefor they are useless for me and I wasted my money
B00AZPOIF8 Size The shoes aren't bad at all. Unfortunately they don't come in my size, 11 W. I really wish they came in that size.
B00AZPOIF8 Timberland flouts conventional shoe sizeing Thanks to other userfeedback I saw before purchasing these shoes, I ordered a full size down from my usual size (size 10 in most shoes), and the size 9's fit great. Thanks everybody! Timberland WTF?
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice pair of chukka boots As much as I love these - you HAVE to suffer some break-in period if you have wide feet. Personally i had to use shoe stretch and endured couple of uncomfortable walks before settling it. It is only applied if you have sensitive foot probably.Still, they fit like a glove now (Did buy my lower end size but they do fit fine in terms of length - so run true to size)
B00AZPPEQ0 Shoes are handsome but sizing is off Got the shoes today and they are true to the picture but the sizing is off. I'm a 9.5 who would normally order a size 10 for some wiggle room but having read that Timberland sizes tend to run large (about an inch), I ordered an 8.5. I should have gone with an 8 since the 8.5 still felt a half size bigger even with thick socks on. Other than the that, the shoes look solid.
B00AZPPEQ0 Light weight-fits on the narrow side I order a size 10 even though I usually wear size 11, following the advice of many review urging a a size smallerMy most frequently worn shoe that fits very well is a 11W Clarks with squared off front so I probably should not have followed that advice.Looking the pic I didn't realize this shoe had round, relatively sharply tapered front. So the size was a 10 fit for me. It seems to stretch a bit and fit a little uncomfortably after a wearing a few times.I advice get your usual size if its regular and at most 1/2 a size smaller if its &#34;W&#34; or E/2E
B00AZPPEQ0 Sized wrong These shoes would have been wonderful except that they were sized wrong at the factory. They were at least an inch too long and I returned them unable to reorder due to lack of size selection in stock and uncertainty about what size to order. I have had similar problems with other shoes made in China.
B00AZPPEQ0 Feel great, but run a 1/2 to full size large Very comfortable boots and waterproof.  They do run large though.  The 11.5 fits me fine, but I typically wear 12 in dress shoes and 13 in athletic shoes.
B00AZPPEQ0 Love these boots! It's true what they say. Timberlands generally run slightly large. Typically I wear a size 11, but with these boots I can fit the 10.5 2E perfectly. These boots are comfortable and stylish. The quality is better than similar purchases in the same price range. I'm pretty happy with this purchase.These are hard to keep clean but nothing out of the ordinary. I'd go half a size down for timberlands. I bought a couple of other boot by timberland because of the quality, style, and fit. It's usually pretty hard for me to find boots I like and with Timberland it's wasn't very difficult.
B00AZPPEQ0 Fit 1/2 size large Great looking and fitting boot, but they ran BIG.  Not sure if we got an odd boot, because we never got the chance to reorder a different size...sold out.  But my hubby wears a 15 and these fit 3/4 to 1 size large.  Other than this...they were amazing!
B00AZPPEQ0 Not a size 9 These boots were huge. Way too long. I returned them. Always been a size 9 and these aren't even close.
B00AZPPEQ0 Timberline  Chucka Just OK I ordered my regular size 11 2W and they were much too long so I exchanged them for a size 10.5 2W and they fit much better. My only real objection is the Italian style toe which make me think that I am wearing a pair of short skis since I prefer a box style toe.  I will keep these and continue to wear them since my GF says that they look good and they are waterproof as advertised.
B00AZPPEQ0 Size 14 - I guess it depends on the manufacturer... Purchase many size 14s from Amazon for my son and these were too big - had to send them back.  Otherwise good-looking boot and he says they were confortable otherwise.
B00AZPPEQ0 Buy your size I am a size 12 (Nike) I was plagued by comments other made buy 1 size down etc. I bought 1/2 size down and a medium and it fits a bit tight on my left foot, while the right one I have the feeling of pressure. Anyways buy an extra size wide or buy the size shoe you normally wear. 11.5 M would have been fine for me but my right foot is slightly wider. The dark brown came in a great color except for a dark spot but looks entirely fine. The inner sole feels great except for the pressure on the side of my feet where they are the widestHonestly if I would have bought 1 size down then I would have returned them but I will break these 11.5 in. They look great they are a bit long but not as wide. Buy them in the size you wear, I guess everyone else had tiny feet
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice Boots, Fits Well I usually go for size 12, but reading some reviews i got 11.5 which fits exactly.Looks good too ......
B00AZPPEQ0 Size doesn't match I like the product in general, but size doesn't match with the table. They are bigger.They are made in China and I don't like it either.
B00AZPPEQ0 Love 'em! Great shoes, comfortable but a little bit large. I'm 11 but it's better to buy half a size less. Totally worth it!
B00AZPPEQ0 This Shoe Rocks & people stop complaining& misleading people about the size Guys,I am a little pissed at those reviewers who are whimping about the size and made me order a tight shoe.Usually I would wear a 10.5 but I order a 9 and I am regretting although it's tight but 9.5 would have been much more comfortable and i think 10  would have been perfect for me.Although my friend thinks,the reviewers who complained probably have small legs .Other than this,the Chukka is the "S*** BomB"-it rocks badly.Two of my friends are already interested in buying it.
B00AZPPEQ0 Not good fit The chukkas are running too large by at least one full size, not sure if this is the style or an issue with the manufacturer.
B00AZPQV6C Too Slim I would have bought size 9 if not for the reviews that they says a size too big, which is not.These shoes are so slim, that when I opened the box I thought I made a mistake of ordering  ladies shoes.I am still thinking I did and somebody would comment, &#34;yes they are for ladies&#34;.Usually I go for size 8.5 and fits okay but online I go for 9 and wear thick cotton socks making it super comfy.Now I have to go out and buy new sock, thin nylon ones so that these shoes would be comfortable.But for those who has the normal long and slender feet, sizing should be alright, on the other hand those like me with meaty feet, get a half size bigger or choose the wider size.Otherwise, the shoes look great, quality wise, I can't tell for now, but being Timberland hopefully, they should last forever.,
B00AZPQV6C They are great... but VERY long... I have already sent for the size 12 which are a little too snug.  The 13s are very long.  I have about 2-3 inches of room in them.  But the size 12 are too snug on the sides, and I don't normally wear anything but just regular 13 in runners.  I need to return one: too long or too snug on the sides and length.  Not sure what to do....
B00AZPQV6C excellent quality leather boot but... it's about 1 inch longer at the toe area. But my husband loves the soft, durable and feel of this leather quality shoe so much, I was willing to return the size 8 (his normal size) and pay S/H; but then ordered a smaller size for him--7.5 size shoe. Hopefully second time will be a charm...he just loves the quality of the shoe so much, we have to give it another try!
B00AZPQV6C Comfortable Fit I wear a size 12 and after weeks of reading reviews, i decided to go with a size 13 being that the shoe narrows at the toe, and i expected the extra space.  After inserting sole pads, these shoes felt like buttah within an hour of putting them on.  I consider this shoe a hybrid that can be worn for light outdoor work, as well as weekend nightlife..
B00AZPQV6C I will never buy anything, but Timberland's as long as I live. I typically wear a 10 in sneakers, and I thought about getting a 9.5 because I thought the book would be larger and there would be too much space, but I went with a 10 anyhow on the account I have wider feet. There's a little more room between the front of my toe and the boot then maybe there should be, but the sides are perfect. If I go down a size, I think they may be too tight. Easy to walk in, very comfortable.
B00AZPQV6C Very comfortable! These boots are very comfortable and very durable. Initially they gave me some blisters, but once they were broken in they fit me very well. They do run pretty big though so you may need to buy a half size or a whole size down to get the right size.
B00AZPQV6C Size runs large Buy a half or full size lower than normal I normally get a 12.. So I got a 11.5, but that still felt much larger than my feet.. But I stuck with it.. 11 might have fit closer and better.. The boot is excellent and helped me clean snow and ice without feeling too uncomfortable.. And the leather looks like it can easily hold up to being wet.
B00B02THKQ Not so good... The boots are gorgeous.  Unfortunately, rather than having a finished footbed, there was an insole put over the nails which were holding the bottom together.  The insole was also one size too small.  As I would have had to wear these with nylons, it was really uncomfortable.  The boots were also too tight.  I wear size 11 and have another pair of Timberland boots in that size which fit perfectly.  Amazon customer service was great and promptly refunded my money.
B00B02THKQ My New Favorite Boots! They are so comfortable and I love the way they look with dresses and skinny jeans! I was able to walk around in these for hours and I've only worn them 3 or 4 times so far. They sent me the wrong size though, half a size larger than what I ordered. I would have been mad but the extra half size made them fit better since I have long toes and they get squished easily. I also love the lining, it has a pretty pattern and is nice and smooth against your leg if you're wearing them with a dress and socks that don't go all the way up your calf.
B00B0DPJX4 just what i needed I bought these shoes for my new job. They are true to size and fit as i had expected. Very useful for those working in construction.
B00B822FHK Much larger than expected I wear a size 11 in men's (us) for tennis shoes, but these are HUGE clown shoes comparatively. Unfortunately Amazon didn't honor the sale price when returning them so I'll have to get something else somewhere else. Paying an extra 25$ to go down a shoe size isn't worth the trouble. On the flip side, the quality of these is fantastic, I will probably pick up a pair of these from somewhere else, perhaps timberland directly.
B00B822FHK It is more along the normal size. I bought other shoes of the same brand, same size, but these are larger. I'll have to sell them or give them away. A bad purchase.
B00B823WE0 Not the same product! I ordered a size 10 but received a 10.5 and it does not fit. The shoe they sent is much different from the picture. My shoes did not have the red accents or red laces. I am very disappointed in this overall purchase and will be irritated going through the hassles of returning them.
B00B82677E Looks good but a painful fit! I wear a size 10.5 in most shoes but these loafers are just too small. I returned them for a size 11 but again they were too snug. They're also extremely hard on the edges which were cutting through my skin only minutes into wearing them. This started on the drive to work. Since I was at work, I had to put several layers of bandages on my heels to keep the shoes from cutting into me further. I did my best to break them in but without success. After nearly 10 hours, I was relieved to finally be out of the shoes and haven't worn them since.Overall, I like the looks but the sizing is wrong. The 10.5s I first received must have been closer to a 9.5 while these 11s are still quite short of a normal 10.5. Also, though the material looks organic, it feels more like the hard plastic shell of a cell phone.I wouldn't order them again.
B00B82677E Recommend to buy larger ones Everything is OK except the size of the shoes. Leant from others' comment, I choose US 8. Normally 7.5 is fit for me.
B00B82677E Not regular size Slippers were too short and tight in toe area. I exchanged for 1/2 size larger. Great quality otherwise.Great brand.
B00B8I9AI6 They Run Large When these boots arrived they were marked size 13 (which is the size I wear) but they must have at least a size and a half larger than any other size 13 boot I own.  I contacted Amazon Returns and they provided a free return shipping label.The boots seemed well made, I wish they would have fit correctly.  If you ordering these boots I would go a size and a half down.  I will give this order two stars for the ease of the return.  In fact my credit card account was credited before I even dropped the boots off at the UPS store.
B00B9PADWA Good shoes, but the size is confusing.Disappointed, frustrated, annoyed. Good shoes, but the size is confusing. Size Chart US10.5 = EU43-44 boots US10.5 = EU44.5. Too large. I was in China, I can not return, I can only watch this pair of boots, a waste of money. Disappointed, frustrated, annoyed.
B00B9PADWA Runs small for my size These shoes ran much smaller than other Timberlands that I have bought.  Buying a size that fits is a real crap shoot these days.  Same manufacturer but different styles have different fits for same size.  I ordered 14M, very tight.  I had difficulty getting foot into shoe
B00B9PADZ2 Comfy, stylish I blindly picked a size and since I haven't worn boots in awhile I was nervous about them fitting. I normally wear size 11 but I got 11E hoping they would fit better being a boot. Besides the leather making it hard to slip on and off they are so comfortable to wear. I wear them riding my scooter and sometimes at work. Even with the granite flooring it is still really comfy to wear. That is, once I had broken them in.Best boot purchase ever!
B00B9PADZ2 Comfortable, classic, and true to size. A classic spin on the Doc Marten style boots that are suprisingly very comfortable (lightly padded on all sides inside), but at the same time come off looking original and uniquely Timberland.  The red color is subtle, but noticeable and looks great with jeans, khakis, and slacks.  My foot is exactly a size 10 and these are a perfect fit.
B00B9PADZ2 True to size. I wear a 12 and after reading reviews I thought I would go down to 11.5. They were to tight. So I'm returning.
B00B9PADZ2 good, better try the size before buying online better try the size in the store before buying it online. i wear 43 eur for nike, and 8d us for timberland
B00B9PADZM Timberland Boot - So so I read quite a few reviews before buying these and they suggested to order a full size up. I followed their recommendation, but they were too big and ended up returning them. Unless you are planning to use them with thick socks, order your regular shoe size. Overall its a nice boot; however it did not convinced me to re-order. The metal clips on the top of the boot look cheap.
B00B9PADZM True to size!! I bought these boots not sure if I needed a bigger size....good thing I went with my first mind and got the actual size I needed! True shoe size EXCELLENT!
B00B9PADZM Great boot, Too small My husband usually wears a size 10 1/2 or 11 and his toe touched the end in the size 11.  Had to order an 11 1/2 to be able to wear a thick sock.  Love the look though and already have the larger size and it fits perfect.
B00B9PIUS4 Way, way, way too large I'm normally a size 11. Vans, Clarks, nike, etc i'm all a size 11 in. A few other reviews had complained that the sizing runs large, so i decided to buy a 10.5 instead of an 11. Even at the 10.5, these shoes feel massive. You know when you were a kid and you tried on your dads shoes? Yeah well that's pretty much what these feel like. I'm not even sure if a size 10 would have fit me, maybe a size 9.5.And you know what? That's unacceptable. Shoe sizings are standardized for a reason. How Timberland has managed to make these shoes so large is beyond me.As a result, i wouldn't recommend anyone buying these unless you've tried them on before. Don't make the same mistake i did. I'm going to have to return these now and look for something else.
B00B9PIUS4 Size 15 with Style.. I chose Amazon due to a variety of stylish shoes and boots in size 15. In most places I've asked for that size they tend to look at me sideways!
B00B9PIUS4 good boots the size of this boots are bigger  than normal shoes. if u r 9, u can just buy 8.5. I like it
B00B9PJBDC Order 1/2 to one full size down Great boots.  If you are going to wear them with thick socks, order a half size down.  If you prefer thin socks for all your shoes, order a full size down.Great boots though!
B00B9PJBDC Very light They fit true to size, very comfortable and light. Most timberland boots always felt heavy to me not these. Bought two pairs that's how well they fit!!!
B00B9PM53U proved to be large Unfortunately, the size is not like it's supposed to be. 11,5 US is larger than 45,5 Europe. Take it into account
B00B9PM53U very well made I did not order half a size larger, and they fit very well. I used them for winter in Massachusetts, and they held up well. Highly recommended. The first time I bought, I did ordered half a size larger, but that pair was a bit big.
B00B9PS9VC The size isn't accurate I bought this on Thanksgiving day deal. The size that I bought is 9 M US which is exactly the same as the one I am using. But this one is bit large. Even when I use with my thick socks, this one comes out easily. I give this to my brother. Hope it will fit on his. Bit disappointed with the size.
B00B9PS9VC Very high instep !! My feet have a high instep and these boots have been a great find for me.  But I know that there are few others with my type feet and I'm sure most of you would find them uncomfortable.  I wear a size 43 / 9.5 and these are just right; not a size 10M as labeled..
B00B9PS9VC Ehh ok The left is a size 13 the right is a size 12 and can see where the stitching was sewn incorrectly. For a lightning deal not bad if they fit properly would have been 5 stars.
B00B9PS9VC wow Good Looks, Comfortable. and i got size 9, usually it has to be size 9.5 for me, but this time is perfect!! 100% love it.
B00B9PTR0O Depends on what size you buy... I wanted to wear the shoes barefoot.  After reading the customer reviews it was apparent that this model is sized a little large.  Combining those two facts, I stepped down one size from my usual size (12 to 11) and they fit and feel like a dream.  Very comfortable!
B00B9Q34Y8 1/2 size small My size 9.5 (10 1/2" ) foot fits the size 10 perfectly but if you wish to wear thick socks I would suggest getting a full size larger than normal.The fit is like a glove so I do not even untie them. They slip on easily.Weight is 17.55 oz. each.The area over the tow is not rounded and looks like a fault but is not real noticeable at least not in the grey color.I went to the Timberland website and could not find these shoes listed so I guess they have been discontinued.  I paid $96.53 directly from Amazon and got free 2 day Prime shipping.
B00B9U0FQE Good and stylish but fit a bit snug Ok, so I'm only giving these boots 3 stars because of the fit. Otherwise, my initial impression is that they will be a really nice addition.  I am from NYC, so needed a boot that can handle the elements but are NY stylish and didn't make me look like I was trekking through the backwoods in Canada.  To be brief, the boots look great and the leather feels great.  They look well constructed (although I won't really know that until a year or so from now) and the soles look sturdy.  I am typically a 10 in shoes and a 10.5 or 11 in sneakers (depending on the brand).  I tried these on and there was a lot to like. Nice cushion and they seem like they will keep your feet nice and toasty in the snow. The problem is that they are a bit narrow and snug, especially at the top of the foot and around the toes. The shoes have a bit on insulation which makes them a little tight on the inside. If a wore a pair of thick socks, they would definitely be tight. I returned them for a half size up and they fit fine, but quite honestly, I probably could have gone for a full size up. I suspect that they will stretch with wear and the 10.5 seems comfortable so I will stick with them. The bottom line is that I'm guessing I will be very happy with the shoe in the long run, but you will have to take a chance when selecting the size.  I suggest going a half to a full size up.  Maybe I'll report again in 12 months after I've worn these puppies in the snow and rain.
B00B9U2C7E Timberland Shelburne High WP The pair of my dream boots arrived as scheduled. It is somewhat smaller than I expected though not to the extent of uncomfy for a size 12. Size 13 would fit nicely.
B00BB7BX66 Fits as expected I ordered these boots half a size to small due to some other reviews stating that these boots run a size to large.  I ended up having to exchange them for my normal size.Once I received the correct size the boots did not take long to break in and feel like they were worth the money.
B00BB7BX66 Solid Solid boots. Not quite as awesome as my last pair of tims, as these seem to be of slightly lower quality, but still a great set of boots. Love my tims! For me Tims are an entire size smaller than other brands of shoes I buy. Not sure why, but they size em big so make sure you figure out your size for Timberland before you buy a pair online.
B00BB7BX66 Love em! First time ordering a pair of boots, went with the name recognition of Timberland.  When they arrived, tried them on and they fit perfectly for my size (11.5)!  Very comfortable to be active in, but at the same time they hold up well to the elements.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boot - consider half size bigger After reading other reviews I chose to get one half size bigger than my wife usually wears. This was a good move.  The boots were a little stiff but after about three or four wears she's broken them in.Oh and did I mention she absolutely loves them? She loves them.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice Boots They are a tighter fit than other winter boots that I've worn. There's not as much cushion between your foot and the outside of the boot, but I've only worn snowmobiling boots prior to these - they tend to have more cushion. They are more fitted and casual than other winter boots I've seen. They  look almost identical to the picture that is online - which is good, sometimes it's hard to tell. I usually wear a size 7 and ordered 7.5 because of other reviews I read and that was a good call. Order a half size larger than what you wear - they still fit snug with some wiggle room. If I wanted to wear a thick pair of socks with these boots I probably would have needed to order a whole size larger than my normal size. The quality of the boot seems solid. I haven't had a chance to wear them outside in actual snow yet (not complaining) but I'll be interested to know if they keep my feet warm because they fit closer to the foot. Overall, thumbs up on the look, fit and comfort of the boot. They are a classy piece of footwear.
B00BCJV7H8 Not true to size I always buy at least a half size up to accommodate winter sock so I got these in a 10. The are very tight across the toes with no socks on. Needless to say I will be returning them.
B00BCJV7H8 it was bigger by 3 size than ordered size Maybe confused. in package 6.5M, but actually it was 8M. delivering is little bit late. and it was too late to return
B00BCJV7H8 No longer afriad of slush I used to dread walking around campus because my old boots would always get wet. These are soo comfy, fit great when I put them on, ordered a 1/2 size up from my normal shoe size. Plus they are very comfortable :)
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots! I'd have given 4 stars if they fit a bit better. I took others advice and ordered 1/2 size up. They're fine with a thin sock, but I wish I'd have gone a full size up to be able to wear a thicker sock. Beware if you don't have a narrow foot! They are quite snug across the top of the foot. I haven't worn them out yet to see they're warm, but I suspect they are. Very well made, sturdy boot. Go a full size up!
B00BCJV7H8 Impressive... Love them both of style and comfort. I bought in a tobacco color which the color looks as pictured on the site. I like the softness inside the boot. The height is perfect for me though (I'm 5'3&#34;). Note that if you need a winter boot, you might need a half size up from your normal boot size to be able to tuck a thick sock in. I tried myself comparing between my normal size 7 and 7.5. Size 7 was very comfortable to walk in; however it would be very tight if I put on a very thick sock. So, I chose the 7.5 instead.
B00BCJV7J6 Very nice boots I usually wear 7. But since I saw in some reviews that these boots tend to come small, I got 8 first. They turned out to be way too big. Then I got these 7 - just right. They are very true to size. So just order your regular size.
B00BCJV7J6 Nicely constructed boots Well made however they were short and allowed no room for socks.  I couldn't get a larger size as there was no larger size available.
B00BCJV7J6 Size a little small but still a good boot I'm a size 10. I choose a size 11 just in case it fit small.  I'm glad I choose size 11 because it fits just right and leaves a little space inside.Despite the size issue, it's still a really good boot. Keeps your feet dry and warm. I've deliberately tested it in calf height snow and ankle deep water.  Works well and I'm happy with my purchase.
B00BCJW35I Adorable Boots I love these adorable cute boots, and have already got tons of compliments just from wearing one day out after my package arrived just the other day! I will say, they do run a bit small as previously posted by others! So it would be best to go up a half size and order a size wide width, which is what I did. I normally wear a size 8.5 med., so I ordered a size 9 wide...and they fit perfectly. But they are still a bit snug in the width, I probably can't wear heavy socks with them until they get better broke in. With that in mind, you shouldn't be disappointed in these boots by any means! I highly recommend and give 5-stars for the product and the very fast shipment, which I received in 2-days after ordering (and it was "free" shipping)! Can't complain one bit! Thank You Amazon! :)
B00BCJW35I Can't stop wearing them Absolutely love them- I'm a size 8, but ordered a size 8.5, and they fit great. Comfortable for all day wear-they go with everything from jeans to dresses. The best part is that they are a functional boot: waterproof and have great tread on the bottom (don't have to worry about slipping). I receive complements every where I go on these boots.
B00BCJX6TU Size Usually ill buy a 7 for shoes but online I will get a 7.5 just in case and these are tight so go up at least .5 a size.
B00BCJXLHW Boots excellent quality and style, just ran about a half-size too large I bought these boots for my daughter who has a wide foot and always wears a size 10, but they were surprisingly too large.  Everything else about them was great.  I also had ordered another color in the 10M and these were also too large.  Had to go to a 9.5M.  I found Amazon's customer service to be professional and extremely responsive in addressing any concerns about returns.  Would definitely recommend the boots to others, just watch the sizing.
B00BCJXLHW Nice looking;  larger than anticipated I thought that boot would fit true to size, but its larger than we expected.  Didn't want to get a 9.5 because I felt it would be too snug.
B00BCJXLHW satisfied customer They were perfect. I wear a size 11  and I wear a metatarsal arch and it fit in the boot perfectly. I could wiggle my toes and  everything.  They are also nice and warm. This is my 3rd pair of Timbs  and as long as I can continue to find my size, this will not be the last pair.
B00C54FI38 They Are What I Expected I wasn't sure what size they would be as the amazon listing and description didn't offer much help or reassurance in that regard.  I wear a size 10 shoe and these fit snug but not too tight and are just the right height on the ankle.  I would buy them again.
B00DYQP7NM Love the versatility of these flats After reading other reviews I bought my usual size and a half size larger.  The half size larger fit.  Love the versatility of these flats.
B00DYQVWZ4 Comfortable! I love these shoes!  I didn't know if they would fit good or not, but I never seem to have an issue with any of my timberland footwear.  They are true to size and the color is exactly what I need.  I wear a size 8 1/2 or 9 M, so I ordered the 9 M and they fit perfect.  I hate to see heels and toes hanging over shoes.  The delivery was fast.
B00E3LA41M ok One size does not fit all....if you are a size 13 they will be tight across the top of your foot where at the ankle....and I do not have wide feet or thick legs.
B00E41UGSC I did not go by sizing chart. I own a pair of Timberline shoes that fit well and so I ordered the same size. The sizing chart suggested that I order the next size larger. The color of the leather matches the pictures and so I am happy with these shoes,
B00E41UQBE Great boots I mistakingly ordered the wrong size.  The boots are a great quality, really good looking, and comfortable.  I reordered the correct size and can't wait to get them.
B00E41X5XA Very Good except too big Running size bigger other than that my son likes them. Bought size 11 had to exchange for size 10. Recommended just keep it in mind when ordering.
B00E4RT20E Great shoe I always wear a size 9, I sent them back and ordered 8.5. Very comfortable, so comfortable I ordered the other 2 colors.
B00EAKXW6K Awesome Boots So far these have been one of the most comfortable pair of work boots I've worn . I've been using them for a week and they feel as if i had worn them for months . The only problem I'm having is that these boots run about one size bigger than a normal boot.  I usually get 10 1/2 W, I read on previews reviews that they run a half size bigger so I went ahead and got it just 10 1/2. However they still feel a bigger.
B00EDJ2SWC Not what I was expecting. The design is nice, but the shoe fits a bit larger than normal. I wear a size 8 but ordered this in a 7.5 (since Timberland boots seem to run a size larger these days). The boot didn't fit very snug to my foot, so a size 7 might have been needed.I didn't like the type of canvas that was used for the shoe. It was a little on the shiny side, kind of like how polyester has a shine to it. A nice dulled canvas material would have been better.
B00EDJ2SWC Looks absolutely great!!! I bought this shoe for my brother, who absolutely loves it. It looks exactly like the picture on the site. However I ordered size 11.5 (because he wears size 12) and it was too big :( So I plan to send it back to get a smaller size (size 11). So if you're ordering this shoe take a careful look at the size chart. But besides that it's a great shoe!!!
B00F0UOL50 Beautiful High End Luxury Boots These are some very good looking, high quality constructed boots made of premium heavyweight leather upper for comfort and durability.  I also love the leather laces.  The only issue with these boots are that they tend to run about a half a size too small.  I liked these boots so much I purchased 6 pairs (2 of each of the 3 colors offered).  I normally wear a size 11.5 but had to go up to a size 12.
B00F0UOL50 On time and great service! I ordered these for my husband as an anniversary gift, and panicked because I thought I bought the wrong size.  I contacted the seller right away and they communicated with me right away.  Although, they weren't able to change the size I appreciated the feedback and willingness! However, the boots shipped and delivered quickly, and the size fits! So no worries! ;)
B00F43FX2I Timberlands Salving high mid dark brown boots... I ordered my normal size and to my SHOCK these boots were VERY small, very dissipointed. I would like to order another pair in a larger size. I can use another credit card if need be. Please except my request.  Thank you, Robin hill
B00H46N3TI Sent wrong size I ordered one size fits all but was sent size 9 - 12. Not happy. One star for quick arrival.
