B000073TM3 runs small but stilll looks awesome runs half a size small but other then that no problems looks great and at awesome price who can complain...
B000073TM3 alright They had  a small something on them I don't know if somebody had them on but over all they r good
B00009WM7J Ok but too small They were nice but they ended up being too small for me to wear and I don't think I can exchange them for a bigger size
B00009WM7J OK,better than I thought Cause I have small feet,I have to wear the children's boot,It fits well,comfortable as i expect.But it is not as good as 10061.
B00009WM7J ... some timberlands in my size bc my feet are pretty small and when i got these they fit perfect ... I have been able to find some timberlands in my size bc my feet are pretty small and when i got these they fit perfect with just enough space for my feet to not be uncomfortable. Really great shoe! Thanks !
B0000AFSX4 Too small I chose the rate because I asked for a kids 6.5 and got a toddlers now I can't get my boots
B0000DFAXV Good boot I bought this boot because of the brand,but it runs a little small.I would recommend  them to my friends providing they get a larger size
B0000DFAXV timberland women's shoes Oh that was cool , but I really would like to have a size 5.5 US .... 5 its small
B0000DFAXV Chirstmas Present I ordered for a Christmas present. The size was a little small, so we had to return them and re-order.
B0000DFAXV So classic Ordered 2 sizes because the reviews said they ran small. No need to. They ran tts for me. Have not had the chance to wear them but I know I am going to love them.
B0001CNJ9Q Hat very small These boots were a size 3, I believe.  The hat that came with it, however, was sized to fit a newborn.  Pretty useless for a year old boy.
B0002RDYMC Timberland kids They are great but they run small I orderd a size up hope the 13 will fit better . Boots
B000AKVA6I excellent boots , but too small The boots , through my own fault , was too small . My actual foot size is 13 and I should have bought a size 14 medium . However , if I were able to actually wear the boot , I would have been very satisfied with the style and look . Note : I have already bought another pair , size 14 .
B000BB15ZC well made; too small Extremely well-made hiker, but I was very disappointed that it ran a full size or more too small. This is not typical of Timberland footwear.
B000BB15ZC Great boots but too small. I will not write a bad review on the boots because the boots are great they were just too small.
B000BB15ZC Great boot - runs small I got them for my grandson who has Timberland work boots size 13 and he needs a 14 in these.  He loves them though.  Hope the 14 is available!
B000BFIHVS Size runs small Seem like nice shoes but were very snug.  I normally wear a 13 and when I get them they are perfect.  This 13 was too small.  Consider this when ordering.  I have bought a size 14 in hope it will not be too big.  Will keep you posted.
B000BFIHVS I all ready had the same boots before , but this one felt small i don't fi the model changes in size I all ready had the same boots before , but this one felt small i don't fi the model changes in size
B000BFIHVS too small so I sent them back Looked good but were way too small. I've worn size 12 for many years, but I couldn't even get these on my feet. Sent them back and ordered something else.
B000BFIHVS 2nd pair I've owned. I knew these boots tend to run somewhat small.  They are the only Timberline boots I've chosen to purchase.  They suit me needs, although I wish they came one size smaller.
B000BFIHVS Just what i needed I had to replace some Yukon's that were too small. These ended up being the answer and exactly what I was looking for.
B000BFIHVS Well constructed, light weight Well constructed, light weight and comfortable.  The size (9.5) is slightly on the small size in length, but plenty wide.  It has taken a few weeks to break them in, they are very comfortable and the traction is exceptional even on ice.
B000BFIHVS Ran small I was responsible for ordering a small size.  Will return and order a larger size. I usually fit into a 9.5 from Timberland
B000BFIHVS great price next to basspro but needed more room for insertsstill a little tight,brand runs on small sideother brands 13 ee fit just fine
B000BFIHVS Great boot for the money. Boots are great. They are a little stiff out of the box but after a few days they are very comfortable. Sizing is  slightly on the small side. In other words if you are not sure if you are an 11 or 10.5 take the 11. I have only owned for a few weeks but am extremely happy.
B000BFIHVS SHOES RUN TOO SMALL SHOES RUN TOO SMALL--I WEAR AND ORDERED WIDE SIZE. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WIDE. I DO NOT LIKE THESE SHOES
B000BFIHVS small size but good quality a little bit small at the position of toes than traditional shoes. should buy half size larger.anyway, the quality of the boots is good for the price
B000BOFDF2 I ordered larger and shouldn't of... My fault.. Returned them with no problems and got one size small. New one came within a day. They are just what I wanted!!
B000FX9A5S decent Nice boot ..a little small of a fit ...shoulda got 14 e ...o well not too bad tho ..look way good in person
B000FX9A5S Boots are too small The boots are too small and I need to return them.  They are well made and I just want to exchange them for a larger size.
B000FX9A5S Heavy duty, sturdy, looks like they will be with me for a while These are very solid and sturdy. The soles are very thick and my initial impression is that they would be a little awkward (almost like wearing snow shoes or ski boots). But that impression was wrong. They are actually very comfortable and aside from a little extra weight (they are a little heavy), they are not awkward at all. Like most heavy grade and steel toed shoes/boots, they run a little small. But these only run just a little small. I bought my normal size and they fit well, maybe a little small but still comfortable. If you are in a cold climate and will wear heavy socks a lot, then definitely go a half size larger than your normal size. They are pretty warm, so in hot climates there is going to be some perspiration in these. I will try to remember to follow this review up in 6 to 8 months with some durability info.
B000G21BSC breaking them in not sure yet if these will work out.  a small spot on my left foot hurts a little but am changing the insole and wearing them a little at a time.
B000G23DQK it is just ok as I found a small hole on side it looks nice and the size fit.but just a little fault on one of the shoes.It is just a very small hole which might happen for manufacturing or something else.Just too trouble to return it so I just keep it.
B000G23DQK Very comfortable but a small issue HiI live in Iceland and these shoes are very nice for daily use over here. They are very comfortable and the price was very fair! there is a small problem, it looks like the shoes are each from a different pair or a different factory line cause the material used in the tongue of the left shoe is much stiffer and has a lighter color on the inside then of the right shoe! But other than that they are perfect! :)
B000G23DQK fits nicely after breaking in, good solid quality great quality, did what other reviewers said and ordered a size small.  the boot was a little tight at first, but had then stretched out at a shoe smith and now they fit perfectly.  no complaints!
B000G261IW I don't appreciate the service They were a lil small and they had scuff marks on them why would someone send a boot like that
B000KVA7YI Great quality, but somewhat small My Size is 11 in europe. But the USA sizes is somewhat smaller then the europe sizes. So I sended it back and ordered a 11.5.
B000KVA7YI Lace way too small for boots. I received my boots on time but when I opened the box and started to lace the boots up the laces where way too small for the boots. Without having my foot in the boot the laces couldn't reach the top. I ended up going out to get new laces since waiting for them to be delivered would have been a waste of time...
B000MQL2TK Somewhat small It looks almost like the picture. But it is somewhat small for me. Usually, my shoes is 10.5. And it is not thick enough for me to play tennis.
B000UCCQEQ Nice Boots My son like the style of these boots, although we had to return them and get a bigger size. They ran  a little small.
B000VI8UX0 slightly small When I opened the box, I liked the well made shoes for my active boy.  The problem for us was the shoes were slightly smaller than I  expected.  He said they were too tight for him so I had to return them.  I will order a bit bigger size next time.
B000VI8VBG Very good brand I love Timberland because they are very strong.  Unfortunately this shoe was returned because it was too small.  I took a different size as i was determined to have my nephew wear one for school in the caribbean.
B000VIDXE6 Smaller than expected. I bought these boots for my son, they were durable; and arrived on time. We had to return them and get a bigger size because they run a little small.
B000VQ9QKS Mostly pleased I love the boots themselves but although most everyone rated them "true to fit" I think they run a little small.
B000VW69IY too small looked great but not fit.Too small. I could not my feet into them. I wear a 3E, but theses id not fit.
B000VX01V4 9.5 too small This appears to be a 9 with a mistamped 9.5.  I have 9s which no longer fit and they are the same size.  All my 9.5s are larger.  2nd time this happened with same shoe!!!
B000VX01V4 The size seams small The size seams small but the quality of the leather allow some adaptions
B000VX01V4 Runs Small THE SHOW RUNS SMALL SO IF YOU TAKE A MEDIUM A WIDE SIZE MIGHT BE THE BEST CHOICE. THE LEATHER IS STIFF AND THE SHOE IS NOT COMFORTABLE.
B000VX03GC Fit my small but a little wide feet. I have small but a little wide feet. It's not easy to find the right size for me. The shoes are good and Amazon just has them.
B000VX03GC Small boots I wear a dbl E in most all brands these still fit really snug after two weeks. Order a size wider than you are.
B000VX03GC Size is way off These thing are way to small and its to bad because I liked the look . Now I have to keep looking.
B000VX03GC Size  small Size:  1/2 size too small, other than that no issues  few days later ordered next 1/2 up and got perfect fit
B000VX03GC Wrong size. My order clearly says that the shoe  I ordered was an 11m, but I was shipped an 11 Narrow. of course this is too small for my fathers foot. I am very disappointed that i there was not more consideration given to what i ordered. When you get your items, check to make sure they are the correct ones.
B000VX03WQ Unfortunately to small :(((((((((((((((( It is really good shoes  but unfortunately Size was to small for me . I need 8.5 M Size. Anyway thanks :)
B000VX04PC need larger size Service wasn't bad. I Think they just run small. So I'll need to return and exchange for a larger size.
B000VX04PC Kinda small I usually order boots in the same size but when I ordered this one and received it, it was actually too small. If you buy boots the same size, order this one a half size bigger.
B000XEAA0S 1/2 a size to small... Very sweaty feet. Shoes were to small ... I clicked on the wide feet option for a reason and instead of being wide they were smaller!!!My foot was pulsing and uncomfortableI am a size 10.5 and I should of purchased a size 11!!! Also very hot on my feet. Way to much cushion on the inside. More like winter shoes.Update : it's been two weeks and I changed my review from 2 stars to 3 due to the fact of them breaking in and actually fitting comfortable I feel like robot with them on &#128513; not as unhappy as I was at the beginning.
B000XEACHO Beware!!! These run small! Awesome looking boots but they run small. I wear a 13 in all my other shoes and sneakers and I couldn&#8217;t get these on let alone try to tie them. I have had Timberland PRO shoes in the past and had no fitment problems. Amazon is going to exchange them for me for a larger size. I will check back in with the durability of these shoes in the future.
B000XEAJOK toooo small The top of the boot was too small to even get my foot into it. It was a good looking boot. I just hate that it was made forskinny legs.
B000XEAPDA No so great of a fit 4th or 5th pair , out of all I have bought this is first from amazon . Price was good but now I think I know why. These shoes do not fit as well as the rest did. A bit small for a 13 EE. And too two lace holes are not the same as others????
B000XEIZ7S Good Fit At first thought they were to small but after trying again they are fine.  Looking forward to see how they hold up to wear.
B000XEJ9V4 returned the boots were exactly what I wanted but they were to small.
B000XEKHOC woops small than size just got toes in for shoes  at 10.5 ee not what was needed no way to know till you get them
B000XEKIUK NICE boot, but runs small The boot is really great and not a bad price, but I had to return it for size problems, which was a pain!
B000XEKIUK Just a little bit small I have brought several TimberLand boot and I really like them.This shoe is a little bit small . Usually 11.5 or 11 is good for me. Maybe because the steel head took some space.I give this boot to my dad and he loves it.
B000XEKIUK Timberland  PRO Men's 65016 Direct Attach 6" Steel Toe Boot,Wheat As expected, but sizing is about 1/2 size small. Construction of boot is good, but inside sole area is a bit hard. Could address with sole insert but sizing is already a little small. Would adise buying 1/2 size larger than you normally wear.
B000XEKIUK Too small. Had to return them. Will order larger size, look like a great work boot, just order a size larger.
B000XEKK94 Great looking shoes. Very well constructed but runs small.  Nice color, which was true to picture. I reordered larger size and hope they fit.
B000XEKK94 I like They were a little small. However timberlands do stretch . Always go a half size up. It's more comfortable. I would def order again
B000XEKK94 Great boots! They're a little heavy, but not as heavy as the premium ones by Timberland. They're comfortable and fashionable. The reason I took one star off is because they could be lighter, and they also run a bit small.
B000XELF3O Boots Boots look great. But a little too small how do I go about returning these normally where 11 1/2 in everything
B000XELF3O Run small Very nice boots but fit one size to small. I wear a size 8.5 in steel toe boots and in these boots I went up to a size 9.5 and they still fit to small.
B000XELF3O Pretty good We purchased this for my husband who is an 11 in most shoes. We had to go up a half size since the 11 was a tad bit too small but other than that it is a good boot
B000XELF3O Very small for size Seriously small I'm passing my size 9's in to a friend who is a size 8The toe box was extremely tight.Otherwise nice but rather industrial looking bootsMy friend does construction workI need something more versatile in look for my office work
B000XELF3O Timberland steel toe boots. Bought them for my son and they were too small.. Sent back for size 11 wide.He loves them but had to exchange for larger size.
B000XELF3O It is a little small. It is a little small.if it is a little bigger, I will love it more.But I am in China,so I can't replace it
B000XELF3O i Loved the looks of it I loved the looks of it but the fit was a bit small. I need a 3E but it was not available. I tried a 2E but it was small in the instep/ankle area. I hated to send it back but the lace area was way too open to look right.
B000XELF3O Great Boots! Very comfortable boots and after a couple weeks of wear still look good. I like the color because dirt/mud doesn't show up very much. One suggestion - I'm a size 13 running/casual shoe but ordered these in 12. The 12 fits PERFECT! Must run a little bit small.
B000XETJU0 Run a little small Great boots, great price, but did run a little small and had to send them back. I have never had an issue with buying men's boots since a 9.5W is usually a 9.5W so I was surprised to learn that these ran small.
B000XETU1I Disappointed :( The actual colour of the boots were different to the photo's, and they were to small even though I am the size that was stated. :(
B000XEVLF6 Too small Size is one smaller than printed. They made the top of my feet and heals hurt after wearing them one day.
B000XEVLF6 shoe to tight These shoes are to small and tight. I have returned them for refund already. I will try a different size.
B000XEVLF6 Run a little small My husband really liked these shoes.  the only problem was they ran a little small.  he ordered the 8 1/2, and should have ordered a 9.  they were still a very nice steel toe shoe if you have to have them for your work.
B000XEVM50 Comfortable, but small This felt like it would be a very comfortable shoe, but it seems to run small. This seems to be a problem with all safety shoes. I usually wear a 13eee and ended up buying a 14eeee in Nautilus.  They are not as comfortable as these, but had my size.
B000XEVM50 To small They were to small. I bought them for my husband, who wears a 9. I always buy him a half size bigger in steel toes. I purchased 9.5 wide width and he said they were so small he would need a 10.5 (A WHOLE SIZE BIGGER!).They looked like very comfortable shoes and he was bummed that he couldn't wear them. I will purchase a size bigger and then I can give them a proper review.
B000XEVM50 Was surprised.  Very comfortable. These are nice looking steel toed shoes.  They are a tiny bit small for me, but close enough.  Even though they were a little bit small, they were very comfortable.  I am happy with the look and comfort.
B000XEW60K too small will not fit shoes are not wide too small need to send backshoe looks great write color but not wideeverything other than fit
B000XEW60K Nice boot, just too small He's worn the same size for years and we always get that size in many different brands, but these run small.  He is a 10.5 2E and in these he would have needed a 11 3E, but they do not carry these in 3E, so we had to choose another boot.
B000XF04LM First impression is good The shoe size runs slightly on the small side for the average size.  A sturdy shoe for heavy duty workplace service.  I am happy with the purchase.  I can only give 4 stars to a product I have only owned for a week.
B000XF04LM re: this shoes fit was too small... a half size bigger was all that was needed for this shoe to fit properly.  the overall fit of this shoe it was too small.
B000XF04LM happy with shoes Slightly larger than expected but not a problem.  Just requires bulkier socks or tighter lacing.  Much better than too small
B000XR30FM TOO SMALL, NOT COMFORTABLE - RETURNED. No apparent issues with quality.  Purchased these in 9.5W, returned for 10W, but still as it turns out, still too small in length, even though it was wide enough. I usually buy jogging shoes in 10W.  The collar rubbed a bit but not as bad as some other work boots.  I do have difficulty finding shoes, let alone boots that fit.  And Amazon returns are always easy, a major reason for purchasing here.USER TIP:  Take the insole out, stand on it, to see if you have enough length to allow for foot swelling throughout day or in hot weather.
B000XXGMRO good in all somewhat small.I am 9 in nike.but this is small in 8.5.But the coulor is beautiful. I think it is a good shoes
B000XXGMRO Too small I usually wear a 13's, and ordered a pair. They were way too big. They look and felt like 15's. Monster looking boots. I like the style so I tried the 12's but they were too small. They cramped my toes I need a 12.5 but they don't make them. Only the smaller sizes have the 1/2 increments.  Too much hassle and frustration with returns over a pair of boots. I will never attempt to but Timberland boots again for that reason. I would tell people try before you but.
B001708FZE A bit small I bought a pair a half size bigger than I usually wear in hopes of having space. But even the larger size was too small. The laces are difficult to keep tied.
B001760K56 Beautiful boots, run slightly small Bought these for a friend and she loves them.  She wasn't sure if I should order an 81/2 or a 9, and I'm glad I went with the 9 because she said they are slightly snug around the calf.  She's average size so I'm guessing these boots run a little small.  After the leather is broken in and has stretched a bit, she is sure she will be able to wear her jeans tucked into the boots.
B001760K56 could not fit my foot into the boot I ordered my usual shoe size and was unable to get my foot into the shoe part of the boot.  Had to send them back.  There was nothing in the other reviews to alert me to the fact that these boots must run small.
B001760K56 Great boot, buy large! I took a flyer and bought these boots for my wife for Christmas.  She absolutely loves them and wears them regularly.  The boots are high quality, attractive and stylish; yet very functional for when the weather is bad.I recommend buying the boots a size larger than you normally wear as they are made on the small size.  The initial pair I ordered for my wife were too small.  I processed the return on  Christmas Day and had a new pair in 3 days that were a size larger and fit perfectly.
B001760K56 Runs small I found this boot to run narrow.  I'm always a size 8 but it was way too tight for me.  It was a nice looking boot however, I thought it would come up higher on my calf.  I had to return it - mainly because of fit.
B001769ESA Cute shoe - but runs small I bought these shoes as an alternative to running shoes for casual Fridays at work.  They're cute and sturdy, but they run small to size.  I normally wear a 10 so I ordered a 10.  They were small so I ordered an 11.  The 11 is significantly too big.  I wish shoe companies would make 10 1/2 - this isn't the first time I've been stuck in the middle!I would recommend buying them from endless.com - they're somehow related to Amazon - and the have free overnight shipping and returns.  The shoes are the same price at endless.com.
B0019R15RA Great quality, but run a bit small. These are adorable!  But buy half a size or a whole size (if buying ahead of time) larger than you think you'd need.  They fit very well, but run small.  Great quality and cute details.  The insole comes out and you can use it to see how it fits if you put your kid's foot on it, it has "too small", "just right" and "too big" marks on it.  Oh, one more thing, these have those silica gel packets in them, and I thought I got all of it out but my daughter kept complaining that something hurt and then I realized that one of them got smashed at the very front of the boot and was hurting her toes.
B001ABOA1S Sizes I have a small shoe size (6.5) and it's always been a problem when I wanted to buy good shoes.It's a shame you don't have smaller sizes..
B001ABOA1S Timberland boot Very nice, great color.  They were too small for my son so I returned.  If they had a larger size I would have purchased those.  These really do look good.
B001C32FWA Item Returned I returned these boots because they were too small.  Timberland did not confirm receiving them back nor crediting me for my payment.  I asked them via email about ordering the next larger size - they did not respond.Very unhappy with this company.
B001EBJU82 nice quality takes a little to break them in , but had them i guess 6 months now and they are holding up to gasoline and diesel from being a fuel hauler. i was expecting them to run small in size but seems to run the actual american size.
B001EWFF30 Slightly small I had to re-order an 11, which fit perfectly.  But I'm normally a 10.5I really like the style and color
B001EWFF30 Great boot! Great boot! Light, warm & comfortable. May run a little small. I ordered a size 13 & sent them back for the 14. Very good value!
B001EWFF30 It's 1/2 a size too small I like it, but if you buy this boot, make sure to order a 1/2 size larger. It was a very tight fit for me.
B001EWFF30 So far so good Used the sizing chart. Great tool.  Great fit!!  Initially a little worried be cuz I had to order, according to their sizing chart,....2 sizes larger than I normally wear.... But they fit perfect. ...  So Tim's run small, 1 1/2 to 2 sizes.
B001EWFF30 too small was a snug fit, not acceptable for long hikes due to feet expansion. returned and ordered half a size larger.
B001EWFF30 sorry, but too small Loved the boot, however, sadly I had to return as they were too small.  Replaced with another Timberland boot as this style we not available at the time.
B001PBK87I Good boots ! The service was great , fast , accurate and the price was right . The boots are very well constructed and seem to be quality materials . The only issue I have is they seem just a tiny bit small - maybe at 55 years of age I am still growing , who knows . I would buy them again but in a half size larger .
B001SARJXC looks as expected fits small Look nice but size fits very small even with thin socks. Going to return. Hard to get feet into, but I think that's due to the size issue.
B001SARJXC Nice shoe bit they run small in size Beautiful shoe and super comfortable except i wear a 10.5, ordered an 11 and still the fit is a bit small
B001SARJXC Not even if I had pencil legs! The neck of the boot is far too small.  A terrible struggle getting them on and off and because the opening is so small it even rubs my shins to wear them.
B001SARJXC nice boot but.... These seem to be very well made boots.  I only wish all the shoemakers of the world could come together and size things uniformly!  They seem to run a 1/2 size small.
B001U0OUOG Bad design I bought these boots for my brother, who is normally a size 11. I bought them 1/2 size up, just in case they ran small and so that they could be worn with thick socks. He couldn't get them on. The way the zipper is designed makes it almost impossible to get them on without a lot of effort - they don't open wide enough to easily slip them on and off, which is the point of a boot like this. We returned them.
B001U0OUOG Way too small I have a pretty normal foot,  9-1/2D.  So I ordered a 10 in these as some reviews said they ran small.  When the arrived, size 10, I couldn't even get my foot in them.  But they were a size 10!  They must be using a different standard.  So I checked, yep, they were made in China.  Stay away.  Stay away!  Oh and by the way,  when you send them back.  YOU pay for shipping.  So, for me, that's another $11.00.
B001VNCKJ4 Great Runs a bit small, but once you brake the new, now fits like a glove
B001VNCKJ4 Love it but ran too small These are some great boots. They run a little small, but otherwise great looking boots. Look good with both dress clothes and dress down. Good purchase.
B002618DBE size and style I dont like it because they are too small, this size and style is not good for my son, it look better in the picture
B002618DBE Too small I think that I bought wrong size, because of this I returned the boots to you. But I need that you confirm the return.
B00261CDYW too small cant fit at all. previously got a pair that fits well. this design seems to be different. Do order a size bigger if you are ordering. Wondering why the sizes are not the same for different designs.
B00295RHNM Excellent This boot is so comfortable. I have been using the boot for a week now and I couldn't be happier. I needed something protective and waterproof and this does the job. The size does run small which I took the advice in the other reviews and ordered a half size larger than what I normally wear. Perfect!
B00295RHNM Good shoe, but runs small Since other reviewers said this boot runs small, I ordered a half-size up.  I usually wear an 8 1/2 and ordered a 9.  The top of the boot fit well, but the actually foot part was uncomfortably tight - not so much from length, but from width.  I don't usually wear W shoes, but for this boot I think I would have to.  Otherwise seems like a good boot, but I'm trying another brand before re-ordering this in another size.
B00295RHNM Great comfortable boot Within 5 minutes of wearing these boots they aready felt broken in and are very comfortable.  The only problem is that they do run a little small.  I am always a size 7M and I had to buy a 7.5M.  Lucky I was able to exchange them for the correct size very easily.
B00295RJIU Too small I tried on a pair in a local store but they only had black. I wanted white so, knowing that they'd fit, I went online and ordered. Alas, they did not, they were too small. I never got around to returning them as they did not come with a packing slip and I didn't want the hassle of debating the fact. So I gave them away after a couple months of sitting in my closet, unworn, untouched. I'm sure it's a nice shoe but since it didn't fit, I can't tell you for sure! I don't know why the black one in the store fit but the white one from online did not.
B002ASAJPG Boot started to come apart at the sole I ordered these twice from amazon, the first pair was too small. I got a 11 W which is my standard Timberland size and it was too small. I sent them back for a 11 1/2 W and those fit much better. After having them for only 4 days the boot started to separate from the sole I sent them back again and went with a different brand.
B002ASAJPG Too small I exchange it with a size 10 and fits perfect. I usually wear size 9.5 and this one is small.
B002CVUSY8 Compared to some other brands this size is small. I have returned these boots, and will continue to wear my old boots which are comfortable! Will check back later for different style.
B002PMURGI Nice shoes!, slightly small Shoes look great, good quality, and feels comfortable, althou they're slightly small, so if you're ordering online, consider ordering 1/2 size bigger if you want them to fit loose.
B002PMURGI Runs Small This product runs very small. If you have wide feet like me, these shoes will never fit you. They do look great. Made for a great gift since I couldn't use them.
B002REU70K A bit small These are cool and comfortable, but are a bit small.  I ordered a pair of size 12 shoes, and they feel a bit tight.
B002WJHCVC too small i know it is a quarter socka dn supposed to ride low but this is a but tool small in width and length....compared to the quarter socks i have bought from timberland before.
B002YOMJPY Try on first Somewhat small width, disadvantage of not trying the boots on before buying. Next time I may go to shoe store
B002YOMJPY Somewhat small at first. Somewhat small at first, but after a couple wears the fit just fine. So far im pleased, but I will further review in a month, God Willing.
B002YOMJPY Run narrow and short, very comfortable I usually wear 10.5 2E+.  Reading how they run on the small side I ordered 11.5 2E and depending on the activity my toes occasionally hit the front.  Width is on the tight side.  They are very easy to slip on and off.  Quality is 3 star, however very comfortable out of the box.
B002YOMJPY Great boots! Love them but I got them a bit to small. There not heavy at all. I do lot of walking at work. Perfect boot for me!
B002YOMJPY Runs small, but a great boot I ordered these for my husband in his normal 11. They were way too small, but the 12s fit perfectly and he says they are great. Nice and warm.
B002YOMJPY Had to return Too small my big toe resting on shoe front exchanged for bigger size waiting on delivery hopefully the bigger size will fit
B002YOMJPY if the shoe fits... I have a huge foot, size 15...not a wide foot either..these seemed small when opened the box but they fit perfect.
B002YOMJPY Doesn't fit and not worth the price Shoes too small didn't fit as EXPECTED!! 1/2 size too small.Quality is not worth the price. Learned my lesson for buying shoes online.Now I have to pay to ship back to a mall in Alabama, not recommend buying these boots.These are Chinese quality boots at a premium price I will go to Walmart or Big 5 to purchase this type of low quality boot.This is the same boot as a Banda or 50 peaks boot for $39.99 not $89.99
B002YOMJPY Too small Returned for a wide size.  I wear heavy wool socks in the winter, gets cold up here in the northeast.
B002YOMJPY Review A little small, not not so bad I cannot wear them.  The other pair I bought of the exact same daze fit perfect.
B002YOMJPY Sizing was smaller than expected When ordering, I ordered the same size as I wear in a BATES boot, tennis shoe, and cycling shoe.  This boot was too small.  Was able to easily exchange for 12M, so no worries.Just check/confirm your sizing.
B002YOMJPY runs small Lived this hiking boot yet had to return it as it ran small. Could not wear thick socks with them.  I will repurchase them a half size larger.
B002YOMJPY Love timberland but wasn't expecting small size When I received the item, it fits too small. I would recommend getting a half size to a full size up.
B0034G54BM Nice boots, but not for small calves. The boot came quick with no problems; however it was very big. I ordered a 9, and it felt like a 9.5.The belt buckles are for show only, tried to make them smaller, did not help! Also if you have small calves you swim in these boots. They felt really comfortable to walk in but not made for my small calves (13") Search continues....
B0034G54BM runs small I liked the style of this boot but they were way too small. Unfortunately, I had to send them back.
B0034G54BM Loved them but... These run small.  Too tight around my calves.  Otherwise they are great looking boots.  Returns are simple which is great for those of us in rural areas
B0034G54BM sizing runs small These were beautiful, sturdy, wonderfully low-heel, good tread, boots that I couldn't wear because a size 11W for Timberland is more like a 10M.  Unlike many I've tried, it didn't gape in the calf and the leather is gorgeous.  I wish they came in size 12.
B0034G54BM Nice Boot Very sturdy, well built, the only small disappointment is that the suede is slightly faded, greyish, not a dark black like expected, but I still like them a lot.
B0034G54BM Nice boots These are really nice riding boots, look durable and well made. Many of the previous reviewers said they run small, and that's definitely so. I normally wear 7M, and have quite narrow feet. These I bought in 7.5M, and I'm so glad I did! The boots run a size small and if I had feet a little bit wider than I actually do, I would have wanted to order them in wide width. 4 stars because I'd love them to be snugger in the upper part around the calf and the ankle, as I just like the boots to be almost as snug as a stocking around the leg. Still, they're good as they are.
B0034G54BM Don't know how to send back Sizes r not true to timberland wife own a timberland boot size 7 fits perfectly the 7 we order r to small
B0034G558E Great boot, but a little on the tight side. This boot is great, but i'd say it might run a 1/2 size small.  I'm usually a 7.5 no problem, but they seem a bit tight.  Might ease up once i've worn them a while.  Trying to zip them up over my calves can be a bit snug too.  Wishing there had been a size 8 to buy.
B0034G558E Great books I was a little hesitant to order my size (9) because of the other comments they run too small.  They are not small at all, they ar very roomy because the toe area is wide and the laces can be loosened (which I keep tightening.)Very comfortable shoes and very sturdy.
B0034G558E Cute boots.  However.... The boot size runs small.  (Narrow).  Which is weird.  I have another pair of Tim's.  & they are 7.5.  The fit is perfect.  These are 8's.  The fit is snug.  Can't wear thick socks.  The nu buck is very ruff & granie.  Maybe that's how they are suppose to appear.
B0034G558E I lover Timberlands - can't beat the quality! Timberlands always run a wee bit small, but I never have a problem with ordering my usual size, as they are leather I find they do stretch a bit.  This is my fourth pair of Timberlands and am never disappointed.
B0034G5H9G Timberland Lionshead low These are great shoes. They are very light and comfortable. Be careful, however, in choosing the appropriate size since the last is quite small. Everything else is great, I love them.
B0034G5JTE Bad Fit Boot size runs small - order one size up!!!Very difficult to get heel in. I sent mine back - pity, because they look nice, but unbearable to put on
B0034G5KAC Order half-size larger Appreciated tip that they run small and ordered 1/2 size larger.  It was good advice, they fit well.  Good purchase.
B0034G5KAC Meh I usually wear a size 9, but these ran super small on me for some reason.  Very nice boots, but fit improperly.
B0034G5KAC Order a bigger size I normally wear a size 8 and even an 8.5 was too small. The boots look nice but they definitely run small in the toe.
B0034G5KAC size run small Those boots are very narrow in the foot. The calves fit well for the size 14.5&#34;. The boot is a little flimsy (no lining) but it looks good.
B0034G5KAC calf too small Returning, calf too small and can't zip them.  Other than this the boots are good looking and I wish I could have kept them!
B0034XRYQ8 Too small! I ordered size 9, which is what usually fits me. When the boots arrived, they were very tight. It seems like they are at least one size too small. Why would they mis-label them like that?Also, the sole of the foot is some weird thing supposedly to provide comfort but it moves so it actually makes it more uncomfortable. If you remove it, the base is too thin.
B0034XS4OY ran small The shoe ran a bit small which made the board in heel quite uncomfortable.  The construction and look are great though. I'd suggest them but make sure to get a larger size or wide variety.
B0037CW26I At least a half-size too small, absolutely no support Everything on the outside of this shoe is just fine; the leather is a nice color, nice finish - not too shiny, not too soft, but just right... but on the inside... there's absolutely no support whatsoever. The insole is completely flat, looks identical to $.99 inserts, and feels about the same.I took the size directly off of my other TImberland driving mocs that I absolutely adore - 10.5M, but somehow, this new one feels at least a half size too small; I struggled to get my bare (no sock) foot into it, and then it was tight.I'm going to have to return them.So, if you care about comfort, look for a different pair. If uncomfortable is OK, bump up a size.
B0037CW26I too small for size Really tight fit and they have caused a bad blister on both of my heels. I have continued to wear them hoping they will stretch like most driving shoes but it is taking too long and my heels continue to suffer
B0038JD1UG Really cute boot but runs a little small I had to return these because I wear a 7M (sometimes a 6 1/2M) and I could barely get my foot into them without socks.  Too bad, I probably would have kept them if they had fit.
B003A67X5G i like them but it's difficult to find the right size ;-)10.5 was too big9.5 is a little bit too small.probabyl it wold be 10.normaly i've got 9.5
B003BLP1AE Good Shoes, Run small These shoes seem well made and comfortable, but they run almost a full size small. I would recommend buying a size larger. Unfortunately, the size larger was unavailable, so I had to go with a different style all together.
B003CLGOE0 Super cute but disappointing I ordered these for my toddler and read that they ran small in size.  He wears a 3 and I ordered a 5... They were still too small.  And the pair that was shipped to me looked worn. The bottoms had scrapes. I don't have a problem with used shoes however, I didn't think I was going to a consignment store.  I was hoping to exchange and get a larger size.  This company only does returns so you have to go through the complete order process over again.
B003ELOYEA nice boots I did like these boots although they do however run a little small.  Unfortunately I did send them back due to that very fact.  I have a small foot but I do however have a very large calf 18' and that left a considerable gap in the shaft part of the boot which for me defeated the purpose of having tall boots.  So I wound up getting another pair from another site amazon didn't have the size I needed.  The boots are very nice and they are quite cute on my foot (and leg). I haven't had much chance to test them yet (no snow yet in NY)  Oh yeah, my foot size 8 and calf (you read earlier) so I ordered 9.5 to  accommodate my big leg shaft.  So if your in my big calf (small foot), category, hope this helps any decisions you make about these boo
B003ELOYEA sized small I loved the boots, but they were way too small. I would recommend going a half to full size larger than you normally wear!
B003ELOYEA cool & warm My husband gave me these for my birthday and they are as cool in person as they are in the picture. i can't wait to go  on long winter walks in these. they are definitely true to size not running too big or too small. they lined all the way to the toes & have a nifty little pocket on the side of each one which is cool to hold a key or something small.
B003ELOZSU Great boot- order up a FULL size!! Great design, but the boots were slightly small.  I usually wear a 7 1/2 in sneakers, so I went with an 8 and the boots were still snug.  I wish I had ordered an 8 AND an 8 1/2 to compare.  A high-quality boot!
B003ELOZSU Really nice boots Came exactly as pictured, fit perfectly (true to size)... might run just a tad on the small size, but just a little bit.  REALLY comfortable and look great. I am very pleased.
B003ELOZSU Great fit and cozy! Finally! A shoe bought over the internet that I don't have to return! These boots look exactly like the picture. And they fit perfectly. I was worried because reviewers said they run small, and I wear a 10, and they don't offer half-sizes in my size. So I gambled and went for the 10, and they fit great. Even a little space in case I wear heavy socks. They look really durable, and the sole looks like it will have good grip in the snow. They are so cozy, I was wearing them around the house like slippers.
B003ELOZSU Runs Small. Nice boot, warm and comfortable. Definitely order a size up from what you usually wear.  I'm a 7.5 and i got the 8 figuring id play it safe but even the 8 was too snug.  So i'm gonna send it back and get an 8.5.
B003ELOZSU I love Timberlands these boots are comfortable, warm, & everything I expected from Timberland.  They came right on time, & I took te advice of buying one size up for a comfortable fit, & glad I did because they run small
B003ELOZSU Great boot! Runs small I love this boot! I am a true size 6 but got these in a 6.5 so they do run small.
B003ELOZSU nice shoes, but it runs small. I received the item without delay.  One shoe looked as if it were on a display in a shop.  It was slightly dirty on the surface and logo.  The other shoe was perfectly new.  I usually wear 5.5 and having read the reviews, I ordered 6.  It still feels tight, so it is better to order 1 size (and not 0.5 size) bigger.
B003ELOZSU Not for me This is the first time I read "runs small, order up a size" and its true. Every other time i ordered a pair of shoes when people said this they turned out to be too big. So anyway,  i ordered my usual size 7.  Well, I could barely get my feet in (with NO socks on) and my toes were pressed up against the front of the boot. When walking to the mirror to take a look at the cuteness factor, they felt stiff and my heel was slipping up even though they were too small (???). They look so cool i'm bummed big time. I  really wanted to like them but they were too darn uncomfortable & the ankle of the boot was slouching and the boots looked crooked on me. so they looked too big in the calf and were too small in the footbed. They will have to go back. shame because they are very nice looking, i got the ones that look cream colored, they are actually tan in some areas like the rubber toe. very cool contrast of colors. oh well. :(
B003EV5NPY WAAYYY too small These boots are super cute but there is no way a child`s foot will fit into these boots - the opening is far to small! Be warned!
B003HLI3B2 Great pair of shoes I would say that it runs slightly small for size.  I ended up returning them because I have so many pair of black shoes, however find myself wishing i had kept them.
B003HLJETC Great Shoes I am on my feet for at least 6 to 9 hours a day.  If I wear flats, or nearly flat, my legs and back hurt, so I need a short heel.  I have been using these shoes for the last ten days and they feel so gooooood.  They run a little on the small size, but I ordered a half size larger and are wonderful since I have no foot fatique.
B003K39I1Q Run Small I was disappointed to find the shoe ran Small...I even tried all type of socks. So I had to return them. Amazon makes it so easy to return items, which is a great thing!
B003NUR6CE Runs Small Runs small. And also boot isnt good for kneeling down working with. They have no flexibility in the toe area.
B003OBZSZO Boots Great boots! I recommend them. Warm, comfy, casual. They run a bit small so just a warning. The price was right as well.
B003TFEA5O Love these boots! The only reason I gave these boots 4 stars is because they're not true to size.  They actually run small as I ordered a wide size but they still fit pretty snug.  Unfortunately, I have to send them back because of this but I recommend these to anyone with a somewhat normal size foot and calves.  The boot opening is pretty small and not for people with wide calves.
B003TFEA5O Nice boot Requested Wide Width received it and fits Somewhat small.  Calf adjustment is good. Color & quality is great.  Debating to return but next size up will be too big...
B003TFEA5O Have to return them too small. These boots are too small they didn't fit like they normally would I ordered a 10 wide and couldn't get them on so I say they run small. I was able to zip them up but the foot part was squeezed too tight. I had on regular socks and they just didn't get the job done. I hate to return them because they are so cute. But returned they will be.
B003TFEA5O Timberland Bethel Boot I love the boot but the calf size ran too small for me.  I usually do not have this problem so I was surprised.
B003V9A47Q Nice looking boot, but size runs small... I ordered these boots for my son who has gone to university on the east coast and needed something warmer/drier than his athletic shoes for the winter. Unfortunately, the size 14 I ordered were too small and tight for him, which is frustrating as they are such big and heavy shoes to return. The boots look like they would have been perfect for his needs; walking around campus, and when he goes on hikes. Seem like good quality material and construction. If you are ordering these, I'd err on the larger size than smaller, if you have to decide which one to order.
B003VMXSJ4 Chinese size After reading other reviews, I ordered a half size larger.  It was still too small and 2E/W was not wide enough.  Disappointed.
B003VMXSJ4 Too small The shoes are sturdy, well made and attractive.  I'm certain they would hold up well and last a long time.  Timberlands usually do.  Unfortunately, I had to return them because they were too small for me.  I'm a 10.5 2E.  These were too tight in the toes for me.  A size 11 2E, or perhaps an 10.5 4E may have worked OK but I went in another direction and did not replace these.  So by all means buy them if you need a sturdy walking/hiking shoe but be sure to go a size up.
B003VMXSJ4 Size runs small The quality of the shoes was good. However, I had to send them back due to my big toes being pinched. Someone else mentioned that they run small, and I would have to agree.
B003VMXSJ4 High quality but run a bit small I bought these shoes for my husband to replace another pair of Timberland shoes that had worn out. We were impressed with the quality and weight of the shoes immediately. They are good looking and I think they will hold up better than his last pair, which did not have the added benefiit of Gore-Tex.Our only complaint is that they run small. My husband has had several pairs of Timberland shoes but these were tight in his usual size. We will be replacing them with a half size larger.
B003XHH0W8 Good&#8230;but too small I need to return them.  My husband has a very wide foot & we were hoping they would work out but they were just too small.
B003YC48QS Be careful with these... It could be my feet, but I wore these without any socks and the top of the heel in the back had the back of my foot bleeding!!  It could be my feet, but they rubbed like crazy!!!  They are really hard in that spot..  AND I got these to wear with No Socks...  I need an open 'back sandal'----BUT needed a closed toe for my 'crusty toes'-------I returned these (That was Great because I paid nothing to ship them back)------I then found some Goergio Brutinni's 'Closed Toe' and 'Open back ones'------AMAZON has them but they were $82 delivered..  I Got them from 6pm shoes and they wer $42 Delivered (But I wrote the First review for them on Amazon here)-------you can look that up....--But the foot part was very comfortable on the Timberlands (It is just that that area had both my feet bleeding)--and they hurt for days after that!!!-----Usually Timberlands run small BUT These were pretty true to SIZE...  Maybe a 'tad' small---------(I wear a Regular 10.5 in Nike's and everything else)---BUT my Timberland Boots are a Size 11 'WIDE'-----------
B0049N3S58 Comfortable Boot Somewhat small i will order wide next time. No break in time comfortable out of the box and very waterproof!!!
B004C5QYLI Good I like the product but the size was too small. I'm in the process of returning them. I would like the same color at the same prise, 9.5E2.Thank you...
B004C5QYLI US 9 M is too small for 270mm feet US 9 M is too small for 270mm feet, so I just gave the boots 3 star.Wish the comments is usaful for portential customers.
B004EHXZ1Q Runs small I ordered these in Navy for my son and they are adorable and very soft, but they run small.  He wears a size 4 sneaker comfortably with socks, but he could barely squeeze into these size 4 loafers barefoot.  If I ordered them again I'd go a whole size up.  They are nice, just way too small.
B004EWG3QA A little small for size 13 These are a tight fit for a size 13, but I already had the darker ones so I love them anyway.
B004FESCK2 Great boots but too small 38U on the chart said it should be my size - but they were too small. They look fantastic. Hope I can find another pair someday in my size.  :(
B004FV5DAW Nice Looking, Sizing Not Correct I was very excited to open the box and see these Timberlands.  Well constructed and very nice looking.  Unfortunately, they are running about 1/2 size too small which is odd for Timberland.  I've owned about 10 pair of Timberland, size 15, and each has been a perfect fit.  I would give them ***** but the sizing is an issue forcing me to return these sandals.
B004HEYFF6 Too big for a "small" size Bought this shirt few days back and picked small size thinking it will fit me perfectly. The shirt arrived in a small size just like i ordered. But to my disappointment, it looks very large on me.
B004J2HSIC Great boots Great boots get compliments all the time. They run a little small so go up a half size. They were shipped fast too.
B004J2HSLY Very Disappointed I have owned Timberland footwear for nearly 30 years.  Absolutely have loved every pair I owned, until I got these.  Previously it was a slam dunk, order an 8W, and consistently a comfortable fit.  I was excited when I got these as I need an easy on/off shoe as I got through airport security frequently.  These felt so small and tight, I could not even get them on fully.  I had to double check that I ordered my usual size.  Felt more like a woman's regular width size 8.  I even tried getting them on with a thin dress sock, and no luck.  I will be returning them for sure.  They look great...which is really disappointing now.  Apparently from reading the reviews, others have found them to run a full size too small and also too narrow.  Yeah, really disappointed.  I guess I will get to experience returning my purchase to Amazon now.  Hope that goes without a problem.
B004J2HT6I Nice boot, too small Looks like a great boot, but regular size 9 was so small I had to send it back for a size 9.5
B004J2HT6I Runs Small I bought these for my husband for Christmas.  He's a solid size 12, in every shoe or boot we've ever purchased.  Unfortunately, these were extremely tight.  He's very picky and liked them a lot, but could not wear them.  I have to return them.
B004K22QM4 ................................................................................................................................ the item came very well without any delay nor probem, the only drawback is that the boots were a bit small, thanks.
B004K22W2S i love this style I really like this style of shoes, very cowboy feel.The proposal to buy the big one, I have to buy according to own foot size, and then feeling a little small.
B004K66PAE Runs small, but lovely These are lovely boots -- very sturdy and steady with a great heel. They do run small, though. A bit narrow, and I do not have wide feet. Still, they are very attractive and well made.
B004K66PAE It's beautiful but it''s cut small. I need to return it because it does not fit me. I love the color and even order it bigger. I hope i find one that fits me. It's so beautiful!
B004K66PAE was too small and narrow It was too too small. I don't know why it is like that. I wear 6.5 but it seems they are 5. I ordered Dark Olive Suede from Amazon. I am not able to return because I live in other country.  They should check standard size of these boots with manufacturer. But quality was good. It was well made
B004K6C6ZW Run small Boot were beautiful but ran small toe is short and round was not a good fit but my daughter in law loved them and they fit her perfectly. Have them to her and said Merry Christmas!
B004K6C6ZW seem a little small Somehow out of all the Timberlands i own, these seem tight.. I have to really squish my foot down in the boot to put them on.. I sort of wish they had a zipper that may help. They are super hot though. Ended up re-selling these to a friend but still, they look really good, just didn't feel good. i reccommend at least a half size bigger.
B004KQ0VXG Super comfy! Did run small like the other reviews say, just order 1/2 size lager. Other than that they are very comfortable and even feel safe walking in the snow with heels!
B004KQ0VXG Lovely boot but runs small I really wanted this boot to fit.  I ordered a 10 wide to add extra room to wear socks.  They feel small, are tight across the arch and are mid-calf for a tall woman such as myself.  I did submit to the seller to return the boots.
B004KQ2GW0 Too small. These shoes are very cute and well made. But it was way too tight when I wore them, which is odd because my other Timberland hiking boots are very roomy. Order 1/2 or 1 full size bigger.
B004KQ4IWG too small Shoes than the normal 7 bit small, but the workmanship is very good, the leather is very comfortable, appearance is beautiful, is my a little looks very delicate in
B004L36XCG These boots ran small I have been wearing work boots for some 30+ years and always wear size 10. These boots size 10 were definitely small and tight on my feet. Size 10.5 would have probably worked just fine. I liked the color and construction of the boot.
B004L8O8CI Run Small Buyers should be aware that the shoe runs small (at least one size small) and narrow.  I am a size 7 with a regular width.  Had to return shoes for a size bigger and thinking of going for a wider width.  Upset that this was not noted in description of shoes (that they do not run true to size).  If it would have mentioned that it would have been helpful and I would have ordered a size bigger.  Now I have to pay Amazon to send them back :(
B004LKVGNU size is small first, i love this boot. however, the size is too small.i bought 2 different kind of boots which are both timberland and size 6. the other boot is correct size, but this one, it's like size 5.boot is nice, size is too small.
B004LLSV5U running very small I think it should be told how small these boots are running:) they are wonderful contructed boots but very small. I have to get two size larger to wear with a pair of socks! not good
B004LQMYQC Too Small! I really wanted to like these boots! I usually wear a regular size 10. I ordered these in a 10 but they were too small, I couldn't even fit my foot into the boot at all. I then ordered these in a 10 wide, thinking that may solve my problem. I still couldn't get them on my foot at all. These definitely run small, as I have never had this problem with boots before. Bummer, they looked really nice and durable.
B004MPRJ4O Please read if you plan to order a small size I gave these 4 stars because they really are a great quality and nice looking boot for kids but we are returning them because we just cant get them on my sons fat foot! He is a one year old who has the usual baby fat foot that most babies do and there is no way to get this on his foot.. I ordered a size larger then what he would wear thinking this would help but no luck. He curls his toes up and it just wouldn't work no matter how hard we tried. The small size makes the angle where the laces meed the top of the foot a right angle. Just a heads up for those ordering small sizes.
B004NRUZQ0 Snug fit, but great look! These boots look beautiful, but I would agree with other commentors who noted that they were tough to pull on and ran small in the foot.  I ordered a half size up and wore a thin sock to pull them off, but they look so nice that it's worth the effort!
B004P1A5YG Love the Shoes! I love these shoes but they are too small.  I wear size 8-ish U.S size and I followed the chart on Amazon but the shoes are too small.  To date, I still have not received the correct size but I still want them. They seem to be exactly as advertised, and zip up nicely. I plan to use them for business travel.
B004P1A5YG Packs small and light, fits well Great around the campsite, and packs small; just the ticket for after a long day of riding and wanting to get out of the boots, but better than sandals IMHO.
B004P1Q84C I love this boot I love this boot but I went in knowing this particular size runs small compared to others so I ordered one full size larger and it fit perfect. Keep in mind these boots are a fairly heavy, when compared to other hikers like the Gt Scramble.
B004P1Q84C Narrow and small I ordered 11.5 W. It felt like an 11 D. I exchanged for a 12 which usually are cut wider and it fits pretty well. So I would expect these to run a tad on the small side.Other than the size, they are comfortable and fairly warm. These aren't super insulated working boots they are more city boy boots. But they look good and are breaking in well.
B004PNE720 A Timberland pro men's 6 inches timberland pro men's pro 6inches the size is somewhat small else it's light weight, good!
B004PNE720 Too Small Hi,I bought these and after a week or so of use I have found that the 9 is too small. I would not recommend anyone buy their normal size. This was a waste of a lot of money.-Jonathan
B004RKJ8MU I am a size 12 and the 9-13 size was too small I have other Timberland socks that fit just fine but the most recently purchased ones are too small and they creep down into my shoe.
B004RQ3GAE Very Disappointed The boots look great.  I was excited when I saw them...but they looked small.  Sure enough, too small to even get on my foot.  I have owned many pairs of Timberland over the last 30 years...boots, casual shoes, and more.  Consistently I have come to know my size and have been able to purchase it with confidence every time.  Until now.  Now I need to think twice about ordering from Amazon unless I have already tried the item on in a store.  Seriously, the fit was not even close.  Could not even get my foot into the boot.  Fully a size too small ( I wear an 8...but for these I would recommend a 9).  I also wear a wide width, and these felt narrow, squeezing the foot.  It was more like a women's 8 regular.  Disappointed I have to return them.  Also, the description on Amazon does not mention, but these are steel toe.  Not a feature I needed, and was surprised too because as I tried to get them on, the steel toe was clearly too narrow in the toe area...and obviously won't &#34;break in&#34; with time.  If the shoe fits...you are a lucky person.  I will unfortunately need to return mine to Amazon.
B004RQ3GAE Good and Stylish, but runs small These are good quality Timberland Pro's, but they have very little toe room and seem to run a little small.  I have had many pairs of TP's, and this is the first that fit more like a gym shoe.But other than that, very nice and quality and comfort that I would expect.
B004T0YVZ2 hi........ looks like it came with a small defect in one of the boots ...  and is not just right in the feet.
B004VOE6AQ Unusable poorly designed These shoes have a very small opening for the foot. The foot opening doesn't stretch! Nobody could possibly get a foot into this shoe. I cut the shoe open, in order to get my foot in, but then found that the shoe runs a tiny bit small. So I'm donating the cut shoes to Goodwill. They look so nice - just wish they'd been better designed.
B004ZCE19U So far so good some small imperfections noticed but they are acceptable Fits a bit small but the blue is really nice wore it in the pouring rain keep my feet nice and dry would recommend
B004ZD1A4S Chocua Hiking Boot Loved the look and feel of these. They run a bit small as I usually wear an 10.5 M.  Pretty comfortable from the beginning.
B0052A7F2Y Run small They seems to be supportive enough to work a 12 hr shift & not feel leg fatigue but won't know because they are too small for me to find out!
B0054HM2UU Shoes are nice but slightly small These are very nice shoes. Seem well made. These shoes seem to be a half size small. They were rubbing on my small toes. I actually tried these on at a local store and did not notice this issue. May be a quality control issue. They are made in Vietnam. Wore them a few days hoping they would stretch a little. Stretched some but not enough to keep them. Returning for next size bigger. Hoping for the best.
B0054NLWZU good backpack but small This is a nice sturdy backpack but I found it to be too small for my 8 year old. It also has no side pockets at all.
B0056QVSQ8 Four Stars love these shoes. ordered same size I always wear but these are too small. highly recommend timberland
B00591UN4S Timberland Women's Earthkeepers Caska Moccasin I love these shoes are very comfortable and beautiful colors. The ordered 9.5 because I read in some reviews that the last is small, as I regret this decision, ask your real number and the last is normal are not small or big.
B005A6B882 Was too small Liked the look and the material, but the shoe was at least one full size too small so I returned it
B005BWB2QI Don't fit well I bought a 13 M and they are too long and wide, but probably not a full size as I think a 12 would be too small.  I made the mistake of wearing them on a day long trip and ended up with blisters on both heals.  They don't have any support for someone with a high instep.
B005FI1VE6 item was too small The size was too small. It does not match with the standard foot size for children. It needs to be a bigger size to fit well.
B005FI1VE6 Small This is too small but we chose to keep it since it's a sandal, but it run so small. It seemed durable though.
B005FI1VE6 Seem to run small These are really cute, but they seem to run small. My son has other sandals that are 8s, but these are way too small. I need to return them.
B005FI1VE6 half size small i ordered toddler 9 they don't have quite as much grow room as i would have liked...the seem more like a 8.5 instead.  they are really cushiony not cheap plastic tho and that is nice :)
B005FI1VE6 Shoes run small! I ordered a half size larger than what my daughter wears and they barely fit her. Hopefully they will last this summer season.
B005FI1VE6 Not if you have small feet I was cursed with very small feet, although I am above average in height and weight at my age (37). I ordered these to use at the beach, but every ime I'm talking to a girl they fall off and I am humiliated. This is no laughing matter and I can't seem to have people (girls) love me for who I am rather than the smallness of my parts.I guess I will never get married. But these shoes did not make my job any easier.
B005FI1VE6 Very nice sandal The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is the sizing, but I don't know if it's because my son's foot grew from the time I ordered it until now, or if they truly run a little small.  Otherwise, very pleased.  I'll be exchanging it for a bigger size.
B005FM5Q3O Very Dissatisfied with these shoes I bought these in a size 9 and a size 4 both the sizes that the kids wear in Payless and Walmart shoes. They were small leaving very little room for movement they have several flaps on the inside that left blisters and sore spots on the kids feet the very first day. I was very disappointed in the fact that they ran small and damaged the kids feet. More disappointed that I ordered these for an 8 day trip and was unable to utilize them. I normally purchase Keens for my kids thought I would save a few pennies and and give these a try; I regret my choice.
B005FM5Q3O Good quality but runs 1 size small My son has just recently started wearing toddler size 7 so although I read some reviews stating that these run small, I still ordered a 7 since he was in size 6 not long ago and he has very skinny feet. His feet extend beyond the shoe. TOO SMALL. For my older son I ordered size Youth 1 (even though he wears size Little kid 13 in all his other shoes) and it fits perfectly.
B005FM5Q3O nice These shoes are adorable and for the price you can't beat them. I will say they do run small as I return mines for a bigger size but they are a great value for the price.
B005FM5Q3O I like them I do really like them- cushy and I like the toe protected. But the 10's were too small (hissize) and the 11's seem too long. just hard to order kids shoes online. But they were easily returnable and I got the next size up no problems
B005FM5Q3O Run a little small My son usually wears a size one.  After purchasing these in a one, I had to return them because they were too small.  I then ordered a size two and they fit, but still a little too smug for his liking.  A size two should have fit well.  The look and quality seems to be good, so that's a plus.
B005GY98C6 size runs very small shoes were nice looking and seemed well comstructed, but also run small and tight. The soles had good  deep tread
B005I6RZXG Too small The shoe appeared to be of good quality; however it was too small. Will order a larger size and try again.
B005I6RZXG cannot wait for new size to arrive I had tried the smooth, less ornate version on in a store -- 10 too big, 9 too small, no half sizes.  I ordered the half size online, but switched to this style.  These are too small!  Otherwise they are lovely shoes -- very well made & sturdy, nice and narrow (sooo hard to find for a long foot!).  I can tell they would be incredibly comfy if my toes didn't rub!  Anxiously awaiting the arrival of the larger pair!!!
B005I6RZXG Hard to determine fitting! These shoes run funny... My normal size is 8, I ordered that size, they were to big. I returned them for a size 7 and they are just a tad to small.
B006T2Z940 Heavy for a composite toe, but Amazon exchange is Great! They do look just like the picture in person, however they were much heavier than I expected. I have owned several pair of steel toe boots, which were very similar in weight. My first impression when I put them on my feet was &#34;gosh these are loose in all directions and heavy&#34;. Not just loose around the top of my foot, but around my ankles too. It may be because I ordered a 1/2 size larger due to all the reviews saying they run a little small. They don't run small. The sole seemed to be constructed well and felt nice under my weight.I utilized Amazons' Free Returns(which was very easy) and ordered a pair of Danner's Workman GTX. In my size(11). After wearing the Danners for a week, they are a whole different(better) level of work boot!
B006T307QE I personally didn't care for them Maybe others may like these, but they just look like boots that someone tried to make look like sneakers, and to top it off, they got the size way off by like a size and a half at least too small.
B006T30U8E Great Choice I'm glad I purchased these boots.  I typically wear a 10.5 or 11 and ordered these in a 10.5 expecting them to run large.  They do, but not by a lot.  I have a little extra room in the toes but I think a 10 would be a little too small.They are surprisingly comfortable right off the bat.  It's only been a few days but the build seems solid so I don't expect comfort or fit to change beyond normal wear and tear.
B006T32HSK Too small, Bad exchange These boots were way too small, and the toe box was very small also. When I tried to exchange these boots i was told that they would have to reund the money and reorder. This is a problem because I bought them on sale, so in order to get a bigger size in the same boots I would pay more money. I sent them back, but yet to see the money back on my acount. I will not pay the extra money. I guess I will go to a store and try boots on before buying them next time.
B006T92AFE Runs small Great product in terms of weight and fabric.  However, they run too small.  I wear size 10 narrow.  A huge disappointment!  The red color is not really red, however.  More of a pink.  Perhaps I made an assumption from the picture.
B006T92CL6 Says "One size" Didn't fit me. They seem like good socks and I am bummed they don't fit. I wear a size 11 shoe and they are too small. I gave them to a family member instead of sending them back.
B006T92CL6 Too small Great product in terms of weight, color and fabric.  However, they run too small.  I wear size 10 narrow.  A huge disappointment!
B006T92CL6 Nice sock but does run a little small I usually wear a 9 or 9.5 and found that these socks are on the small side, turning a quarter length into more of a low-cut sock. Sizing aside, I found this to be a comfy sock with nice cushioning.
B006ZGV4GC I Love Timberland these boots are beautiful. You can always count on Timberland for great quality. They look great with dresses or skinny jeans. I have worn them for for a solid 12+  hours with complete comfort. Note that Timberland run small so I always order up 1/2 a size. The quality of leather is so nice, they break in perfectly. Saving for my next pair!
B006ZGV4GC Love the heel! I got this boot because it has a wooden heal with really great grain details.Boot is a bit small for its size so make sure to order a half size up!
B006ZGV9LM Runs very small! I wear an 8 and had to exchange it. Ordered a 9 to be on the safe side. It fits much better and with a thicker sock. I would suggest at least 1/2 size up when ordering or a whole size if you want to wear thick winter socks.
B006ZGV9LM Nice boot but runs small This is an attractive boot that straddles the line between functional (made to handle bad weather) and cute.  My husband remarked that they were sort of &#34;retro&#34; but liked them on me.However, it definitely runs about a size small.  I am a straight size 10M - actually, a 10 in most boots tend to be a bit roomy, but I like to wear socks with my boots, so that's fine.  I knew this boot ran small, but thought I'd try a 10 Wide, an 11 Medium and 11 Wide  The 10 wide was still too snug,and 11 wide too big.  The 11M works much like a 10M usually fits on me.  Really, there's no real difference visually between the two (though I would never buy any shoe in a too small size, regardless).  It does also run narrow in the shaft as noted by others, but since I don't generally tuck my pants into boots, it shouldn't be an issue for me.  Haven't really worn them out yet but in walking around the house while deciding on sizes, it seemed comfortable considering the heel height.
B006ZGV9LM order a size up Really cute but please order a size up, even if you get the wide version - these run really small...waiting for my 8.5w (I'm usually a 7), the 7.5w I ordered was too perfect and I know better.
B006ZGV9LM Nice boot but small I needed boots with a heel for a dressier look.  When I saw these Timberlands, I immediately ordered since I have loved my Timberland Savin Hill Kne-High boots. I read the reviews and wanted to order a wide even though I am a medium width. The wides in my size were no longer available, so I ordered a size up from the 8 1/2 I had gotten in my other Timberlands.  The boots were still too small in a 9.  I have a high instep and that may have contributed to the awful fit.  The heels were higher than expected (I should have read the description a bit better!).  It's not a smooth leather but more similar to swede.  I did like them and would have tried a 9 1/2  if it had not been for the heel. And I would have given them 5 stars if the sizing wasn't so off.
B006ZGV9LM Runs small Love the look and quality, but they are kind of tight; yet I have a narrow foot and ankle.  I'm afraid to go the next size up because I fear my foot will slip down. Don't know if they will stretch with use.  Haven't worn them yet because I'm still thinking of returning for the next size up.
B006ZGV9LM Runs small, order up. These boots do run small. I wear a 6.5 in flats and a smaller size in heels, but because of several reviewers commenting on the sizing being too small I ordered a size 7. The 7 fits perfectly on my feet and legs. The leather is stiff, but with wear it becomes more flexible. If you're worried that these boots wont fit your calves, just measure your calves at their widest part and then compare to the measurement listed in the product description. I got a great value on these boots, and have already received several compliments.
B006ZGV9LM Runs Way Too Small/Timberland Needs Better Sizing Guides I ordered a size 8 based on other reviews that the boots run small. I wear a 7 1/2; if I were a true size 8, this boot would be extremely small. Even at my size I still needed to stretch the boot in order to wear it.
B006ZGV9LM Small It feels tight in toes area and if I bend down boots are not flexible to move I can feel boots standing up. I am testing with a bigger size which I haven't gotten to see if the fit will be better
B006ZGV9LM they run very small & Timberland is quite inconsistant on their sizing. Really they are nice boots.  Sizing is way off and I'm not happy at all about that.  To reorder or trade for a size that might fit me was going to mean paying additonal monies.  That is not acceptable.  I returned them and will not be purchasing another pair.
B006ZGV9LM nice look horrible fit for me to small in calf area so i purchased a larger size and that did not fit either. Hoping Timberland will realize that womens legs are various sizes.
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful boot but runs very small Love these but had to re-order larger size. I am normally an 8 but I have other Timberlands in a 7 1/2 that fit beautifully so that's the size I ordered in this style. Unfortunately they were a whole size too small. I re-ordered an 8 1/2. They haven't arrived yet but hopefully they will be fine because I loved them!
B006ZGV9LM Great high heeled boot! I placed my order for a half a size larger due to the reviews saying this ran a bit small. I am normally a 6.5 and ordered a 7 regular. Fits like a dream. Absolutely love these boots. Second pair of timberlands I own in womens heeled boots. Def grab yourself a pair
B006ZGV9LM Too small in the calf These boots are beautifully made. However, they run small in the calf. I am a size 8 and ordered a 1/2 size up and ordered wide. I have athletic calves, 15.5 inches and normally don't have a problem with other Timberland styles. I took them to a cobbler to see if they could widen the shaft and they wouldn't touch them for less than $140. So sadly, these will be going back.
B006ZGV9LM Sharp looking boot They do run alittle small, but once broke in they will fit like a glove. Just hope leather is of good quality. Hard to rate right now when haven't even wore them yet.
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful boot but runs REALLY small! I loved these boots, alas, they are going back because they are just too small.After reading multiple reviews suggesting buying the W size or a half size larger, I did just that.  I normally wear 11 M and rarely have issues with shoes/boots fitting.  Even after  ordering an 11W, they still did not fit...and not just a little.  They felt like a size 10 - too tight in the toe, and could not zip it more than 1/2 way.  Even if I could have zipped them, they would have been uncomfortable and not allowed room for even thin socks.Unfortunately, 11W is the largest available size.  I'll have to keep looking for a boot that fit!
B006ZGZ9RM Love the boots - but too small!! I ordered these, a week went by, and found they were out of stock. I ordered from another seller, and received them quickly. I was in love! Then, the worst - TOO SMALL! I always have bought size 9M boots before, but not this brand. Perhaps they just run small/narrow? I wore them for an hour thinking they would stretch, but the longer they were on my feet the worse they felt. Especially around my pinky toes.I returned them and ordered a size 9.5 C/D (wide). I LOVE the style and I can tell you the quality is great, I'm anxiously awaiting my (hopefully) correct size to arrive!Yes, the zipper doesn't go all the way to the top, but with the style/design of the boot it wouldn't look right if it did. I had other boots with the middle zipper like that and it's not an issue. These slide on just fine, they are fitted to the leg more than some of my other boots - perfect for me, but if you have wide calves they will likely be too narrow. I will still be able to wear them with skinny jeans and leggings, so it's just right.
B006ZIGT4C Great Deal! I love these boots! They are so incredibly comfortable, warm and waterproof, plus they go with everything; I even wear them with my scrubs on my way to and from work... Shipping was very fast and although there was a small glitch with sending me the wrong size, the issue was fixed extremely quickly. I have had nothing but a great experience with buying these boots. Like everyone else has said, they do run small, but that's not a problem at all :) overall, one of the best deals I've ever gotten from shopping online.
B006ZIJ0PW Size is the reason for the rating I have owned Timberland boots in the past.  However, I am not sure if the sizing has changed over the years.  I didn't want to return it because the next smaller size may not have been available or if available, it could be too small.  Otherwise, the quality and color are exactly what I expected.
B006ZITF7U somewhat small i got a 11 wide and they were somewhat small on the top and sides. they are comptureable on the sole though and the heal.
B006ZITF7U they are somewat big They are somewhat bigger that I anticipated, but I would rather that than be tto small. they are pretty comfortable. and the look great.
B006ZJ2ZUI Yeppers TOO SMALL I read some of the reviews and I wear a size 10 and should have order a size up!  Not sure if the 11 would have fitted.  Oh well, had to return them, so adorable! I gave the boot a 4 for construction and durability, but just too small
B006ZJ2ZUI Practical and stylish I don't like rain boots, so these were the perfect compromise. I've always been a fan of Timberland and their classic wheat boot, so I was excited to find these. They ran small for me. I am a size 7, but I had to return them for a size 8.
B006ZJ3TDU Good pair of boots but... Sizing runs a touch too small. Disapponted and returned.Needed them for a fall hiking weekend and did not have time to reorder and take the chance again. Too bad because I did like them.
B0070ZBUES Timberland boots Good looking but useless boots. The opening is way too small to fit any foot, hardly managed to fit my hand in.Returned right out of box.
B00710M2N0 not bad Very very nice boots, small fitting keep in mind so I ordered 1/2 size bigger. I think they are going to hold out well for the winter.
B00711TQNS not worth the purchase... My daughter is a size 3, I ordered 3 1/2 and they we're small and the picture looks better than the boots ... not worth the almost 65 dollars....  :-(
B0071BXIBE Way too small I ordered these pajamas and washed them before putting them on my son and they are way too small. I thought they had shrunk but after reading the reviews maybe they just size very small. Also the texture is not soft at all. Very disappointed. Want to send them back
B0071BXIBE I had to return this item Much too small. Not true to size at all.  I would not recommend this product unless you ordered a much larger size.
B0074HSGO4 a little small This shoes a little small for my feet.Normally 9M is just right for me.But,it's really very good shoes.
B007782V1O Love it! I love these boots. I wore them to Yosemite and they were perfect for all the outdoor activity!I usually wear a size 6, but these run small so luckily I ordered a half size bigger. They are very comfortable, and provide enough support since I am recovering from a minor ankle injury. These boots are a hit!
B007782V1O Just OK Not much of a boot for the price point. Sizing runs small (for me). They are lined boots; good for winter.
B007782V1O Run small, bulky design I had to return these because they were too small. I normally wear size 7 in the timberland brand but theses I needed 7.5, also they were not fury so much in the inside where your foot is so I wasn't sure they will be warm enough. The design is ok but I expected it to be more fun and feminine. Something it is not.
B007782V1O fit too small boot well made but smaller than I expected. Not as wide as usual either and my shoe size has not changed. Had to send it back.
B007782V1O just a little small it is so wonderful that i can ignore the little small~ i will wear it in Spring Festival. it is cool
B007784WSO timberland rime ridge boot Nice boot warm and dry.. they run a little small . So I went a half size up..  very comfortable..
B0077853PU Very nice shoe, but too small All of the shoes I own are size 8, so that is what I ordered, but these boots run small.  With thin socks, my toes were up against the front of the shoe.  Also, the boot wasn't wide enough.  My feet are of a normal width & I've never had problems like this before.  I purchased one size bigger and they fit just fine.
B0077SY810 Perfect My husband asked for these for Christmas. He had never worn anything remotely like them but wanted a boot. He said it was like slipping onto a well worn/loved and comfortable shoe the first time wearing them! Wears them all the time now. They do run a half size small.
B007G4VCFK small space it have a small space for you're money if you put cards , you cant open it , it's too tight to open the money pocket because of that.
B007G4VKJS It's  good,but the size is a little small for another country's currency It's  good, but the size is a little small for another country's currency, and if you insert more than 2 card in that wallet, it looks bulky.Anyway ,it's good.
B007G4VR82 i love it something i been looking forever, looks good, small and light, great for no back pocket, holds some cash and cards
B007G4VSB8 Space is too small for me Too small, in China, it is not suitable to put the bills of the denomination of 100 yuan, unfortunately&#65292;Suggested that the Government should probably do the RMB smaller, similar to the U.S. dollar, ha ha
B007TGA2JM Not true to size I absolutely love these, however, they run a bit small in the foot. everything else is perfect! so sad i had to return them!
B00828VKFQ not for small heels The shoe seems to be rugged and sturdy but the heal is a bit large for those with a small heel.  I have wide feet, large insole and a small heel.  The shoe fit great for the width and the large insole, but the heel would slip off the back when I walked and even the adaptor that I bought at Walgreens was not enough to keep them on my feet.
B00828VKFQ Too small I normally wear an 8W and that is the size I ordered.  However, this shoe was extremely too small in both width and length.  It's going back
B00828VKFQ the with is perfect, but the length is somewhat small I purchased size 61/5, which I returned because they were too loose. Size 6 in the other hand, fit with perfectly, but the length somewhat too small.
B008B2J96K Nice Design I like the shoes but they run a bit small and had to go a half size big. I have been wearing them for a while and my only complaint is that the soles are just mediocre, could be better but I love them for driving, walking, and everyday use.
B008J0PKIA love these shoes however, they run a little small, so get the next size up.  They look great with trousers and wear well. The non-slip soles are also an asset when walking on slippery surfaces likes polished concrete..
B008J0PKIA Wish had fit right - but had to return. Reviews said they sized small...and they did. I always wear a 6 1/2 W. They were beautiful shoes. But small enough I knew they wouldn't expand enough with wear and hit my toes way too much. I would have ordered a 7 W instead. But that size was sold out. In every other way I LOVED the shoes. And really wish I would have been able to keep them or get a 7W.
B008M2MGSC Too small even in the correct size I got the 14 wides and that is my size... Unfortunately in these boots... It is not! They looked cool in the picture but on arrival.
B008M2OCP2 somewhat small somewhat small&#65292; and too long for me&#12290;but it cheap&#65292;so Ifeel it worth to buy&#12290;that is all I want to say&#12290;
B008M2OCP2 Comfortable Shoes Timberland is good, made in China. but this shoe which I bought is kind of small. usually I bought UK as 42. recommended from timberland website, I should wear 8.5 US. but it was small. so you may check this before you buy. better try in in a store to make sure it's right.
B008M4UN1C Run small, but very comfy. I usually wear size 7 of Timberland shoes. But I would have ordered 7.5 or even 8, they run small.  Color is not the same as in the picture. It's a mixture of red&orange. Very very comfy and soft as all Timberland shoes. LIKE IT! Reccomend it!
B008M4UN2Q Confys Very comfortable and nice looking, a little bit small, so recommend to order 1/2 size more than usual&#8230;Also, completely plastic sole, makes your feet go a little bit hot and stuck to the sole...
B008N6Y9BO shoe size was to small. It was okay but i like the shoe,there were to small by the way.but thank you for your item and time and thank for shopping with you,
B008N6Y9BO I love them I have been looking for Timberland boat shoes in a small size for a long time.....so grateful to have found them on Amazon!!!
B008N7GT9I Timberland Men's Intervale boot (runs 1/2 size small...) Received these boots recently, they appear to be of quality craftmanship but they're slightly small, I've bought other Timberland shoes/boots, they fit fine, these are slightly small, I've got shoe stretchers which I'll use since I've worn the boots around town. If I were to buy these again I'd go 1/2 a size bigger...
B008TNCG6Q Fit one size small I had to return and reorder for a size larger than usual. Great boots for end of the day back country
B008VD3M4E Super Cute. Runs Small... Timberland always runs small, so I am not surprised. If you buy, consider getting a whole size larger. The style is quite handsome in person. Looks great with my son's jeans, making the boot very versatile. I only wish I would have ordered the size accordingly.
B008VPU0GK !/2 size too small. The size seams to run 1/2 size small both in length and width. I like the boot and will send these back and try to get 10.5 EE.
B0090NRKD8 Size for boys nor men. There was no size option, and it is really small to fit a man. Maybe for boys, but definitely not for men.
B00911DNDA Sized Small I have 2 pairs of Timberland that are size 10 that fit perfectly.  These new ones have a rounded type toe and as a result all my toes hit the end of the shoe.  Almost fits.
B0091225MO Defective Shoe Having had a great experience with a Timberland Pro boot product I thought I would try a shoe.  The product was defective.  It is the first time I have ever even seen a shoe that had such a pronounced defect.  The inside of one of the shoes was folded back and molded (or really melted) to create a hole in the front part of the toe where the front of my foot should rest.  The sizing also runs small - at least a half size too small
B00943M2F0 Great small carry on No problems and was even checked in on an International flight and did very well.  It is a bit small and the expansion did not expand as I thought it would; otherwise, great bag.
B009DL0YD0 Too small Too small. A size 11 was more like 10.  Better to just get some crocs.  Should have done that first for half the price.
B009OL2L94 These run small The boot were nice but way to small - I wear a true size 8.5 and these hurt like heck when I put them on with just regular sock - nothing heavy - the only reason I'm keeping them is to give to my daughter because she wears a 7.5 and they should fit fine for her with thick socks - so beware and order up a size - or you will be sending them back for a bigger size
B00A27DADU SNUG FIT...RUNS SMALL THEY FIT A LITTLE SNUG SO I HAD TO PULL OUT THE INSOLES TO WEAR THEM, BUT AFTER THAT THEY FIT GREAT......WOULD LIKE TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR AND WOULD ORDER A SIZE 11 1/2....THE BOOT IS VERY NICE!
B00AQL08YG unfortunate They were really nice in looks and style, but they were just a tad bit to small in the toe
B00AQMAYCG Nice boot; runs small I really liked this boot. It's very attractive. Unfortunately, it was very tight, and I'd found another style in the meantime.
B00AQNPMGS Great Looking Boot! The boot is as expected. I was advised that they ran somewhat small, so I went up 1/2 size from 3 to 3.5.  They're a little big. But by winter my grandson's feet may grow and then they'll fit.  Other than my Oops on size very satisfied with this purchase.
B00AR58UIC Hey It's small do you got size 9.5 for older men not for little kids if you could help me with that
B00AR58UIC Too Small The shoes were way to sdmall for me, they were toddlers. I thought the boots were big kids sizes. That's all i may have miss read it.
B00AR58UIC very nice They were very perfect. I am a small women's size , youth 3.they are very comfortable .i love them very much.i would like to buy an other pair.
B00AW7M97S Too bad These boots were great looking but like most of the reviews stated they run small.  I tried my size, 8.5M and they were too small.  I also tried an 8.5W and they were still too tight.  The back also rubbed my ankles pretty badly.  Hopefully you can find a size that will work for you!
B00AW7M97S beautiful but too small I always wear a size 7, but not with these shoes. Need a whole size bigger.Very nice looking, though.Sturdy, nicely styled.
B00AW7M97S Great boots Wanted combat boots and found these. My experience w Timberland sizes is that some run small? These were true to size. Very comfortable.
B00AW7M97S Cute but small These boots are cute but they are small. I ordered a half size bigger based on other reviews but I still felt like my feet were in vice grips. I'm not sure that ordering bigger is enough-They just seem small over all. Like trying to make 10 pounds of sugar fit in a 5 pound bag.
B00AW7M97S Nice Quality but one size too small Nice Quality but one size too small. Unfortunately I had to return it. They didnt have a larger size available
B00AW7M97S Amazing boot! (runs small) This boot is amazing! It is made of very high quality leather, and is beautifully constructed. It has a Victorian/Combat boot look that I love. The Wheat is a nice, neutral brown. The suede accents give it a more weathered edge. Love it! HOWEVER: I always wear a size 8M-and because of other reviews I ordered an 81/2 M this time and boy am I glad I did! It is definitely small. I have a slender foot, but I doubt my normal size would have fit even with tights. (I do have long toes, which is why I sized up -I hate cramped toes) It runs quite narrow as well as short, so SIZE UP! I have pretty slim calves and the 8 1/2 fit them perfectly.  I was disappointed in the shipping however. It took around 8-10 days, I guess I am spoiled by the Zappos next business day option. It's a good thing they fit, I think it would have taken forever to exchange them.
B00AW7M97S great boots! Very comfortable and sturdy boots, love the detailing and the style of them. As some of the other reviewers said, it runs a little narrow and small so I would order 1/2 a size up. (I normally wear an 8 in boots and the 8.5 fits beautifully).
B00AW7M97S Seems like a well-made boot but it was so damn small I couldn't ever wear them! Very cute but way too small.  I usually wear a 9-9 1/2 so I went big (thinking I'd be wearing thick socks) and got the 9 1/2.  Way too small.  I could have used a 10 or 10 1/2.  Spring was right around the corner so I never bothered to re-order another size.
B00AW7M97S it's a great boot Nice, well made boot. The only problem is that it's just a little bit too small. I would recommend going up a half size.
B00AW7M97S Not sure if I should've ordered a half size larger I like this boot, but like other Timberland reviews have said, they run small. I have another pair that fit tighter than expected, so I ordered these a half size larger. Fortunately, I could adjust the laces to make them fit more snugly.
B00AW7M97S Cute boots, way too small I ordered my usual size and they were way too small. I returned them because of that, and they also were a little too edgy for me.
B00AW7RBGC Too small but great boots! I loved them but returned them for a larger size.  They were tight across the widest part of my foot. Beautiful leather. I ordered a size up and wide width. They came yesterday. Fit great!  Easy return and great price for a boot of this quality.
B00AW7RBGC Returned for larger size Beautiful shoes, just too small. Returned for larger size and  am hoping they fit perfectly because these are exactly what I wanted.
B00AW7RBGC These Boots are SMALL - Order Up 1/2 Size Or You Will Be Sorry I wear an 8 but they were so small!  Why didn't I pay attention to the other reviews??? My mistake. Hope you can learn from it.  Nice quality boot BTW.
B00AW7RBGC fit Well-made boots.  I have a pair of Timberland boots that i have had for 5 years and they have worn very well.  Unfortunately, these run small and i will have to return them.
B00AW8HF9Y Shaft too small These boots are beautiful but the shaft is too small. I usually have no problem. Have another pair of timberland boots that fit perfectly. Lacked about 2&#34; to zip up.
B00AW8HF9Y too small Need to return. The boot fit fine the calf was too small.  Could not get them zipped yup. Will look for trade.
B00AW8HF9Y Too small calf The size was perfect, but they were too small around my calves. I had another pair that I thought were the same, but those were suede. They were the wrong size, but fit around the calf perfect. Bummed have to send them back.
B00AW8HF9Y not sure what the type of material is! the title should say a lot. they seem to run a bit small, but are still wearable. I will not buy these againas I really an not sure about the type of material it is,
B00AW8HF9Y Like them The boots are well made and look great but they are really stiff..they do run a little bit small but I know the next size would have been to big...I have tiny ankles and the ankle part of the boot is pretty tight.. But they are great boots and I do like them a lot...
B00AW8HF9Y Could have fit better Just a bit too small for my wife, but that was only because she ordered two different sizes. However, she didn't like the fit of either one of the boots.
B00AW8HF9Y LOVE this boot, but cut small The size was not good, but the leather is great. And the style is just what I was looking for. Too bad, I had to send them back. (my calves are a bit too big)
B00AW8HF9Y pretty, but a tad too small The zippers also were a little tough. It seemed like I would wear them out quickly since my feet pushed on the edges, which might have been solved by a wide, which they did not have in my size.
B00AW8JG9G Good but slightly too small Nice leather material but they run a little small and they don't go up to the knee as claimed. Even on the high side they were a couple inches from. Otherwise seemed like a good boot and would have kept them if they had fitted.
B00AW8JG9G Nice boot It is a beautiful boot but it runs small. They didn't fit so I had to return them and an alternative size was not available.
B00AW8JG9G Run small but great boots! The boots are actually small for the size;  I can wear them with only tights or panty hose but not with socks at all.  I keep planning to get them stretched by a cobbler, but I don't want to give them up that long.  They are warm in temperatures in the teens, and I love everything about the way they look.  These boots have a classic style, and they look great with a skirt or slacks or jeans.  I love them!
B00AW8JG9G Double check the size Good boot just too small for my wife. Runs smaller than you think. But otherwise good quality you would expect from timberland. The leg portion doesn't allow for much even with my wife's skinny legs.
B00AW8JL0A Great Boot! These boots fit like a glove, are lightweight, waterproof and make my feet look small!!  I wear a size 7 and  a size 7 fit perfectly.
B00AW8JL0A Disappointed. Love Timberland. Too small through ankle. Can't zip. Will have to return. Nice leather. Wish they were available in a wide calf.
B00AW8JL0A Great Boot but runs a size small I bought them for the wet snow and they are perfect. Feet stayed dry without the bulk of snow boots.  I bought a half size larger to leave room for an insole and glad I did.  Boot was too small for an insole but insulated wool socks worked fine. Only downside is leather is stiff but I don't mind.Great buy
B00AW8JL0A Boots run small These boots look great, but they run small. I had to return my 8-1/2s for 9-1/2s, and they're even a bit snug.
B00AW8K0WI Couldn't fit them They were to tight and to small. But they look nice. They need to come in a wider size for me
B00AW8K0WI Too small and stiff as soon as I took them out of the box I knew they were going to be small, I tried them on and they were really stiff. Didn't like thelook of them, a little different from the photograph on amazon, returned them immediately.
B00AW8KD8E Get one size bigger Excellent shoe, but you have to get one size bigger. I actually wear 9 . But this was small to fit in, it was just like 8!
B00AZPO90W Decent boot - runs small The boots look very nice,however they are more of a dress boot - thinner leather, thin laces.  Many reviews noted that the boot runs a little large, I found for me that it runs a little small, and some of the leather bonding points at the side of the tongue can rub my foot and be uncomfortable.
B00AZPOIF8 blisters Bought a size that's normally already slight too big, but slightly small. The real problem is the blisters I got in my heel after only a short walk because of the seams/materials used in the heal part of the shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 somewhat small the Timberland Men's Richmont PT Oxford,Dark Brown,9 M US that not fit so good like I expected. it is thin
B00AZPOIF8 Shoes run small These shoes run about a size too small.  The soles are softer than I anticipated and there is little arch support; they are nothing like the Timberland Oxfords that I intended to replace.  I'll order bigger and change the insoles as I like the style of the shoe.
B00AZPOIF8 Fit is small, but quality is good I wear EUR 41/ UK 7 size, but this shoe (Label says US 7.5/ EUR 41 / UK7 ) is too small. Should have bought US8 for correct fit.
B00AZPOIF8 Found width to be too small Ordered the wide width size and found it to be too small.Quality of the shoe was OK.Not the Timberland quality of the past.
B00AZPOIF8 a little small A little small in the front area of the shoe.  Was supposed to be 11.5m but label on the shoe only shows 11.5.
B00AZPPEQ0 I ordered a full size small... according to the reviews.  However, I ordered a size small to my dress size and it was too small.  Half a size small works much better.  I suspect the other reviewers meant sneaker size.
B00AZPPL7C Solid Nice boots. Slightly too small, even in a wide though. I would've ordered 12 1/2 in retrospect. Will probably order in the future.
B00B1JUFQS to small shoes The shoe got there quickly but they were to small an tight so I can't wear them a lil disappointed but it wouldn't stop me from ordering more does just have to be more careful about the size selection
B00B7H7M4C they run small these shoes are beautiful to look at and would probably be comfortable as per the design indicates, however you should order at least 1/2 size larger than you wear and if you are going to wear socks a whole size larger, they run small and the description does not give you this information.
B00B822FH0 Size runs small I had to return this pair & purchased another brand because this was the largest width Timberland made at the time.
B00B82677E Runs small I'll be returning these for a half size larger. While they might stretch, the rear top edge rubs my achilles tendon unacceptably.
B00B82677E Run Small Be warned that these run small. I normally wear 11W and the ones I received were closer to a size 10. Re-ordered 11.5 and they are snug but not too small.
B00B82SDYE Bummed about the purchase. A little small.  Left shoe appears to be worn and then fixed. Couldn't notice it right off.Not sure why they are small as I have another pair just like it and they fit.
B00B83W7W2 The fit is too small The sizing is too small. The heel is too short. The fit is just wrong, wrong, wrong. The only thing I like about these shoes is the color.
B00B9PADWA beautiful boots but too small for wide foot with high arch These boots didn't fit my husband so we had to return them.  Returning was no problem and I was pleased.  Lager size was not available for exchange
B00B9PADWA May want to order size up Did not fit like other Timberland boots/shoes I have.  Nice boot but too narrow/small in my regular size.  Sent them back - will try again at a brick/mortar Timberland store.
B00B9PADZ2 Killer boots, dude. These are really nice boots. They seem to run a bit small, but I am hoping that they will break in and be perfect.
B00B9PADZM These boots run small. The boots are about a half size to small and will have to be exchanged. He had several other pair of Timberlake in a 9.5  that fit well. Other than the size; the boots are extremely nice and very well made.
B00B9PIUS4 returned the shoe had a small defect at the lace guide and i normally wear 13 but they were much to large.
B00B9Q34Y8 Good looking shoes but order a size bigger. I have been looking for a pair of Timberlands like this for a while and I was excited to find these.  So when I went to ordered them, I ordered my normal shoe size (14 in Timberland).  I was presently surprised when they arrived a day early and immediately opened the box to try them on.  Come to find out, they are too small....WHAT!?  I double checked the label on the box... Size 14.  Bummer, too small.  Hand to return them.  I could have ordered the next size up, but found out I had to pay for return shipping so I chose not to.
B00B9U2C7E Couldn't get my foot in it. The boot was too small around the ankle and I couldn't even get my foot in. My sister's boyfriend has them and loves them though.
B00BCJV7H8 I love the way these look, but They run a half size too small. So I did an exchange and I hope the new ones will fit to perfection because these look amazing on!!!!
B00BCJV7H8 Too small My review won't be entirely accurate because I didn't get to walk around in them, they were way too small for my feet. When trying to smash my foot inside it seemed like there was something hard hitting my foot along the side. They looked just like in the online photo. I did not reorder a larger size but it would seem like you would need a whole size up from what you normally wear.
B00BCJV7H8 LOVE THESE SHOES!!! I've worn these shoes most days since I've received them. They do run small, but I bought a half size bigger and the wide and they're perfect! I couldn't recommend these more!
B00BCJV7H8 somewhat small I loved the boots but they were a little tight but they fit my daughter so she took them.  She loves them
B00BCJV7H8 boot runs small and narrow I'm only reviewing the size; can't speak to the quality or warmth or anything else.I wear 8.5 in most shoes and boots, so I expected the 9 to fit.  It does not!  I tried the boot on with a typical athletic sock, and I could barely get my foot in, and when I did, it was a total cram job.  At any rate, I would recommend ordering at least one size up.  Good luck!
B00BCJW35I Very Disappointed I absolutely loved these boots when I saw them on the website.  I ordered them after considering the cost for a few days.  I decided that they were worth it if they were high quality, and they are.  When I received them and took them out of the box, I fell in love all over again.  The leather is gorgeous and butter-soft.  The laces were also high quality and will last a long time.  The heel is beautiful - it is stable, no rolling the ankles in these bad boys.  The tread is awesome, not too smooth.Now, the cons.  The size was incredibly small.  I ordered a 9.5 W, my normal size.  They were too small not only lengthwise, but also in width.  I was super disappointed.  The only way these boots would work for me is to order an entire size or size and a half larger and stretch them to the correct width.  Unfortunately, this is impossible because a 10.5 W or 11 W is not available.  These are going back, and not without a small tear in my eye.
B00BCJWVSM too small I didn't know that because of the toe shape that I would have to order a size bigger than normal. I now have these in the proper size and they are beautiful.
B00BCJXLHW Good quality, looked nice, but too small These boots look nice and look like they would be comfortable.  Unfortunately, they seem to run a little bit small.  I'm usually an 8.5 shoe size, but I ordered the wide just to be safe.  The length of the boots were fine, but they were way too narrow.  I could barely wedge my foot into the boot.  Once they were on, it felt like my foot was being crushed in a vice.  I will probably get the next size up to see if they fit better, because they were a good quality and looked comfortable (assuming they fit right).
B00BF9PSUC Size Issue Love the shoes in every respect but they seem to run a little small in size. I believe I need a 1/2 size larger.
B00DYQP7NM so so Normally I wear 8.5, this shoe with a size of 9 was small for me and it is not very comfortable...there is also no support for the foot so I returned it.
B00DYQP7NM Perfect fit! I have very wide feet and have a hard time finding shoes that fit. 7's are a touch small on one foot, and 7.5's are a touch to big, and always slide off my heel causing blisters. I got the 7.5 since most reviews said they were running a little small - PERFECT FIT for both.
B00DYQP7NM Small for size I love these shoes. I bought 5 pairs! The only problem is they are a little small. I bought the same size as all my previous timberland shoes and these ones are definitely a smaller make. Easily solved though.
B00DYQVVT6 Very stylish This shoe runs slightly small, but I would only go up half a size. The leather is nice and like I said, this is a very stylish shoe. It is a little hard to get on and off, but hopefully they will get worn in and be a little easier.
B00E3LA0TI Too small The socks fit very tight for my size 9 foot size.  They run very small so order only for size 8 or less.
B00E8RA1UK Run small but a great athletic sandal My son wore Keen sandals for years, but this summer he felt the Keens were rubbing blisters in a way he wasn't willing to endure.  So, we sent those back, and I found these.  I like a closed toe for my active son.  They do run small, and I might need to order a half-size up before summer is over.  They are incredibly light and feel like they are made of styrofoam/flip-flop material, but so far they have held up great.
B00EDN87WS Runs Small The sandals were very nice. They were very comfortable and I especially like how the bottom was lines with leather but the area where your big toe goes was much smaller than anticipated. It may stretch out with wearing them. I ordered a 12 and I was still surprised to find how snug they were. I usually wear an 11 &#8211; 11.5 so I thought the larger size would be perfect.
B00EHHKWMS Somewhat small The product was just as expected but somewhat small for my feet.  Ordered the same shoe in a different size and they fit fine.
B00ENZSK3M Good looking shoes but they fit a full size small I purchased these shoes along with another style of Timberland boat shoes in size 12.The other pair, Kinwah Bay, fit perfectly, exactly true to size. Unfortunately, these Newmarket's, fit at least a full size small.
B00GKGGVQK a little small the wallet is a little small, it does nof fit the visa card.it is too tight.overall ,it is very nice
B00GNZFWA4 Very heavy and made small I received these boots and the first thing I noticed was their weight, this weight will definitely cut your walking distance.  I normally wear a size 14 with some extra room and my toe was touching the front of the shoe on this item.  On the pro side your foot is not going to get injured in these shoes.I returned them.
B00I4QTJ04 I love it, but it is small I love it,but it is small ,thank you amazon
