B000073TM3 Nice Shoes, Great Price! I love the boots.. Too bad they dont fit! Make sure to get a size or .5 of a size smaller than your usual size. The are cut big
B00009WM7J Timberland boots GS I got a half size smaller and it fits perfectly fine to me I wear a size 7 but I got a 6.5 and it fits the only con about it is the black ankle part is somewhat uncomfortable but u just have to break them in for it to be comfortable
B00009WM7J Beware....Run bigger than ususal These run huge!!!! Had to return for a  size and a half smaller. Super cute and great made shoe but like i said they run huge!
B00009WM7J great boots! i read reviews and ordered a size smaller. I am a 6.5 in kids and i ordered a 5.5. A little tight at first, but you can tell that you need to break them in. ive gotten tons of compliments on them already, love these shoes!
B00009WM7J Loveee this shoe! I read in some of the reviews that they run large so I got a half size smaller and they fit perfectly! This shoe is great for the fall and winter seasons!
B00009WMIH Always a great boot, never disappoints!!! Make sure you purchase a size 1/2 smaller (7.5 in place of an 8). For some reason, the boot fits a 1/2 size larger than they used to years ago.
B0000AFSX4 Perfect Fit!!! These Timberlands fit and look great on my daughter!  I ordered a half size smaller and she still has room to grow in them.  They are adorable!!!
B0000AFSX4 good quality I was so confused to what size I should get. I looked up a bunch of reviews and I got a mix of getting a half size smaller to a full size smaller. I have a friend that has a pair and she told me to get a full size smaller. I wear a 6.5 in women's shoes, and a size 5 in boys. I got a size 4M in big kids. They fit perfectly. I'm glad I got a full size smaller. My toes just barely hit the front of the shoes and I can still wear socks. I suggest you get a full size smaller. Timbs do run really huge. They are great quality and the shipping was quick. Happy with my purchase!
B0000AT8CK love it I gave this boot 5 stars because it is a great boot. Its all what I expected it to be and more. The only thing that I suggest is that you get exactly one size smaller then your running shoes
B0000AT8CK Love I love these boots but I read the reviews and a lot of women put to order a size smaller. Well, I'm a 6 so I ordered a 5. When I got them they did not fit at all. I couldn't even get my foot in the shoe and I have tiny feet. So I had to get a size 7 and they are now a perfect fit.
B0000AT8CK In Time for Christmas I ordered these boots for my husband for Christmas.  They arrived early from the vendor and they were just what I wanted. The price was cheaper than anywhere I checked-- even at Foot Locker with a coupon these boots were the best price.  Be sure to order them a size smaller than the recipient's actual shoe size.
B0000AT8CK Order Timberlands One Size Small. Great product and a great price. You'll want to order one (full) size smaller than your normal shoe size.
B0000AT8CK This Shoe Runs 1 Size Big Foot Locker states this shoe runs 1 size big. Are they correct? Yes. I suggest you order 1 size smaller than your normal shoe size. For example, I'm 10.5, so I should order a 9.5...
B0000AT8CK Awesome boot but Don't order a smaller size I have loved timberland boots in the wheat color for years. I read several reviews that said the boots ran large so I ordered a 1/2 size smaller. I should have just ordered my normal size. I love that they offer a women's version of the 6 inch boot, it's so much more narrow and feminine than the mens boot.
B0007T4IGG Great Boot Boots fit great.  I ordered them a half size smaller based on the other reviews and they fit perfict.  A little stiff at first but are breaking in great.  Awsome quality as expected from Timberland.
B000AKVBCQ Satisfied, not blown away, but very satisfied Very well made. Initial impression is very durable and comfortable. It does run a little small. i would recommend buying a half size larger than whatever you normally wear. I think the shoe was probably made true to size and then comes out a little smaller with the steel toe added (suspicion anyway). Also, you will probably be wearing thicker socks in them at some point (winter maybe), so the additional space of at least a half size would be a must. I've only worn them a few times so far, but have been very happy so far. if that changes i will try to remember to come back and update this review.
B000BFIHVS don't fit according to size item runs smaller than it should. Isn't there a standard to be followed? I take this size in everything else. Do you want it back?
B000BFIHVS Best Boots So Far!! These boots are fantastic!! I took the advice i heard from other people and ordered them a half size smaller than what i usually wear and they fit perfectly. So far they have stood up to the worst weather western NY has to offer and that speaks for itself. It did however take about two weeks to break them in.
B000BFIHVS Order half a size smaller I normally wear a 10 in Nike and I got a 9.5 in these. They fit perfectly. The boot are well constructed and fit very well. I could definitely go hiking in these for years to come. The leather is very nice and also water proof. A great product by Timberland and might even buy another pair.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Hiking Boots I had already purchased a pair of these boots from another location, but the size was just a bit too big.  Therefore, I ordered this pair the next size smaller and I made a great choice.  They fit perfectly and are great for the type of walking and hiking I do.  I'm very pleased with this boot and will continue to buy this boot if needed for as long as the manufacture sells them.
B000BFIHVS Size run smaller. It fit tie when you ware cotton socks.  I sold it and will order 11 1\2 instead of 11.  Size run smaller than other Timberland shoes.
B000FX9A5S great product It was half a size smaller then normal shoes but the shoe itself its great, I really do recomend it if you're going to be doing some heavy duty job or labor work. It really is worth the money
B000G21BSC Excellent work boot Great boots! Keep your feet dry and have high arches. Sizing runs a little big, so order a half size smaller.
B000G23DQK OK O.K. for the price, just fit a little big. If I had to do it again I'd get a smaller size.
B000G23DQK Timberland Boots These boots are amazing and everything I expected. After reading other reviews I decided to buy the boots a half size smaller than I actually wear. That was definitely the way to go! Delivery was freaky fast!
B000G23DQK Amazing Good quality and very fast shipping. Totally will buy it again. Great product. The size was too big so I'm getting a smaller one.
B000G23DQK great pair of Timberland I bought my husband a pair for Christmas and he loves them. They are made really well. Note to buyers: BUY A HALF SIZE SMALLER.  I went with other reviews and bought a half size down and they fit perfectly.
B000G23DQK Great My last pair of Timberland's lasted me almost ten years of casual wear.  Great looking boots and well made.  They do run about a size big though, so order a size smaller than usual.
B000G23DQK Excellent looking boots Got them yesterday. Excellent quality boots. The smell of brand new leather while unboxing was really nice. Tried them on with jeans and they look awesome. The top part at around ankle height felt a bit stiff but should be ok I guess once broken in. They run 1/2 to one size large. I ordered them 1/2 size smaller than my normal size and they fit comfortably with extra room for a thick pair of socks.
B000G23DQK Nice After reading reviews ordered my boots a half a size smaller, I still have to wear two pairs of socks to have them fit snug. Would suggest ordering a full size smaller than you normally buy. Other than that nice boots but they better be for the price;)
B000G23DQK size lil large than normal Like product..... but not tru sizing lil wide....  sent them back order a  half size smaller fits perfect. .....go figure
B000G23DQK cant complain I noticed a lot people wrote reviews saying that these boots fits pretty big so order a size smaller than your actual size. Which may be true but I ordered my actual size which is a 9.5 and it fits perfectly. Quality of the boot is great and overall the boot is everything I expected, in fact I'm already looking forward to buying another pair. Amazon has a customer in me!
B000G23DQK Excellent Fast shipping boots look great got a half size too small and they fit perfectly! Great buy! I recommend that you get a half of size smaller than your original size
B000G23DQK Good boot - not true to size. Great boot but they were way to big! My husband is a 16 and do that's what I bought, he had a good inch and a half needed to fill the shoe! Should have gotten a size smaller.
B000G23DQK nooooo the timberlands run big so if your going to buy one buy it a size smaller. also this is a fake! these timberlands are not real but the price makes it acceptable. i would not buy this shoe if i were you!!
B000G23DQK Runs big but LOVE THEM!! Definitly get one full size smaller or a half size smaller than your normal shoe size depending on width. THEY RUN BIG!! Overall, they are so comfortable and look great to wear. They don't really stain, but I only wear them hanging out..I recommend getting the timberland stain eraser and brush.. It cleans them and brushes them WITHOUT removing the natural brushed look of the boot.
B000G23DQK Too large Niceeeee but they run large so get a full size or ATLEAST a half size smaller for perfect fit ..
B000G23DQK Great product, highly recommended My new Tims are great! Got them at a good price and my old pair lasted for years. Arguably the best boots around, I would recommend getting them a half size smaller than your shoe size though.
B000G23DQK Order one size smaller than usual the boots are great, they fit a bit loose though, if you are wearing heavy socks, this should not be a problem.
B000G23DQK Order One Size Smaller. Great quality ordered my normal size which is 10. They are a full size too big. Still a great product though
B000G23DQK Looks and feels great The boots looks so amazingThe only problem is the size it's bigger than usualI suggest do one size smaller at leastNo question about the bootAmazing
B000G23DQK Love my Shoes Just received my shoes and was afraid they would be too big based on reviews to purchased one size smaller than I normally wear.. I bought my exact size and they fit perfect!! Cant wait to throw some jeans on and rock the town!!!
B000G23DQK Reviewer The product matches the description and I am very happy with my purchase.  The comments about ordering the product in a half size smaller were absolutely correct.  If you are a size 10 order a size 9.5 and it should fit well.  So far the boots have held up well and I am planning on purchasing another pair.
B000G23DQK Great !!! I loved the boots. Great price. Great product. You should order a half size smaller. Will be ordering again for sure.
B000G23DQK Amazing Followed the advice in other reviews that these run a little large.  Ordered half a size smaller and they fit about right.  Durable and extremely stylish at the same time.  Perfect when you want to be casual and dress to impress at the same time.  Spend the extra money and get these - well worth it.
B000G23DQK I love my shoes Best quality ever and they look real good. The shoes run big so always buy one size smaller than your average or normal size for example if you are a size 11 buy size 10. I wear size 11 in sneakers and work shoes and I got 10s and they fit perfect
B000G23X74 Classic Size problem, this pair runs smaller than the other timberland, so I suggest to buy 0.5 up size. Tip for the Chinese customer, size 9.5 as same as eu42.
B000G24LJS Very nice Very nice and comfy shoe. Size a little big. should have chosen a size smaller. Will still wear till it gives up on me
B000G24LJS worth purchase the shoes by one size smaller, that the down part. due to the cutting of the shoes, mistaken order the smaller size. overall comfortable to put on for daily walking.
B000KVA7YI Sizes run a little smaller then I'm use to 11W should be an 11W no matter the footwear style or manufacture, these seam to run a half size smaller, but after some break time they are except able. Preety good boot over all for the money
B000NKIGNK excellent shoe I couldn't believe that the shoe would be a full size too large so I went with a half size smaller, and was wrong. A full size smaller than normal is, if anything, still slightly large. But a fine shoe!
B000NKIGNK perfect We were looking for boat shoes in black, but could not find them in my husband's size...Based on previous reviews, we ordered a 1/2 size smaller, and they are perfect.  Since he hates to shop, we ordered 2 pair...same size, same color.  I'm so happy we did.
B000TK6IMA durable solid shoe This is the second pair of Timberland carlsbad shoes. I have yet to find one other brand that lasts as long as these do. My son wears these with his uniform.They hold up to all the outside playing, soccer, basketball etc..They have good support. I order a half size smaller than what i order him in a running shoe and they fit perfect. He says they are very comfortable. If it matters hes 10
B000VQ9QKS size I had Timberland shoes and I decided to get a new ones. I ordered exactly the same size, but for some reason  they appeared smaller size and barely fit. I returned them.
B000VW69IY Great Shoe This is the second pair of these shoes and they are good for walking or just kicking around in. The run a little large so I knew what size to order and they fit perfect with a 1/2 size smaller than other shoes. But this is the perfect shoe for comfort. would recommend them to anybody that want comfort in a sandal.
B000VW69IY Looks like Chinese meassures are different. The shoes look good, but the size was extremely WRONG ! RETURNED them. I was thinking about ordering  them in a smaller size, but found others.
B000VW69IY Great, comfortable shoe. Runs a bit large, had to return and exchange for smaller size. I'm normally a Size 9 or 9 1/2 but the 9 was too big and didn't feel great. I exchanged it for the 8.5 and it's absolutely perfect. Highly recommended but I would order a size down from my experience.
B000VX01MS Uniquely Awesome These shoes show some style without going crazy. Staying with the average look, Timberland has morphed the shoes into a cool European look. Love the shoe. Might I advise a size small though. Idk I normally wear a size bigger than what I should for sneakers, so I bought a size smaller and I found that I might even need two sizes smaller! I bought the 13's btw. Sneaks I wear 14's. Moreover crazy great price for a stylish and classy shoe.
B000VX01V4 leather The leather on this shoe is stiff and uncomfortable.  It will require a long break-in period. I ordered a half smaller than normal since I wanted to wear it bare-foot and it is still too large.  If you want the shoe for this purpose order a full size smaller.  The price was right.
B000VX01V4 Love them but order 1 full size smaller than your normal shoes I normally wear 11 1/2 or 11. Ordered these in 11. Too big....I also know from previous experience they stretch from wear. Re-ordered size 10. Takes a day or two to wear in and then perfect.
B000VX01V4 Inconsistant sizing For normal Timberland boat shoes, I take a size 11M. They fit fine. This pair is so much smaller I can only wear them without socks. I notice the same problem with the custom colored pair I ordered. Consistancy would be nice!
B000VX01V4 order a size and a half smaller. great shoe Ordered 10.5 which is already small for me then exchanged it for a 9.5. But its definitely a great shoe. I wear them without socks
B000VX01V4 Mediocre Sturdy leather. Inner sole came lose due to very hot weather. I suggest buying a size smaller than your usual size.
B000VX01V4 Size Not Fit I have tried the boat shoes in the Timberland shop in HK and the size 9.5US fits.  Now the shoes I've got is smaller than I expect that I cannot even put on socks and wear them.
B000VX03GC Excellent  lightweight hiker I travel a lot and these are easy to take with me... Light enough for travel but sturdy enough for light/medium hikes. I love 'm! ( they are a little smaller then my other Timberland Boots -Alpine trail- so think about ordering a half size larger...)
B000VX03GC Great boots My son uses these for work and they fit him perfectly. Look at the reviewsforsizing options. They tend to run a half size or so smaller than they seem.greatpairofcomfortable work boots.
B000VX03GC Good shoes These are great light weight boots.  They keep your feet warm, but not hot.  I wear them ever day, and they required no break in period and were quite comfortable right out of the box.  One word of advice...these boots are sized smaller than I expected.  If you wear a size 10, I would consider ordering a size 11.  Other than that, they're just what the Dr. ordered.
B000VX03GC Slow break in Ordered a half size smaller using the size guide, too small. Got the replacement larger size but am having some issues of where the shoe flexes over the toes, should break in and be ok once the leather softens and stretches . Other than that issue it's seems a good boot.
B000VX03GC Not the same shoes! I ordered the exact same online that I got in the store.  This shoe is smaller and is not water resistant.
B000VX03GC wrong ankle size the boot length was fine but the ankle area was smaller than the size 13 boot that I had ordered previously and returned.
B000VX04DO Order one size smaller. . . I wear a 13 normally, and these boots fit a bit loosely. A size 12 would probably be perfect for me. As for the aspects of the boot, everything was fine.
B000VX061O Order a size smaller Contrary to other reviews -- the shoes I ordered (from Peltz shoes) look just like the post.  They do run a bit big though (I ordered a 13 that fit like a clown sized 14) so order a 1/2 size or full size smaller.
B000VX061O CAUTION THE SHOE THAT IS PICTURED IS NOT WHAT THEY SEND YOU. ALSO WHAT EVER SIZE YOU ARE MAKE SURE YOU ORDER TWO SIZES SMALLER. I'VE PURCHASED AND RETURNED TWICE.
B000X46MOQ Womens Timberland Pro I really like these boots. No break in time. I felt that the soles of the boots could be a lot better and they tend to "freeze" up @ 35 degree's out, which means NO Traction what so ever :(They are a warm boot and I wear them all day with out any issues with just average work socks.These boots do fit me to my size,However I have noticed in past with different Timberland that the sizing is off. I have had to order one size smaller .Hope this review is helpful and I will order another pair when the time comes.
B000XEAJOK Runs larger, but good size. Really nice boots with a nice slick heel area to make putting on and taking off the boots much easier.  Nice sturdy steel toe doesn't crush and soles are comfortable.  Didn't review these with 5 stars because they run large compared to other shoes, I wear a size 11, but they were much looser than other boots.  With no laces to tighten them up, they end up sliding around.  Seem to be waterproof, but I haven't really had to walk around in water all day long, just the occasional walking through a couple inches of water.  If you purchase these, you may want to go with a half size or full size smaller.
B000XEIZ7S Great boot I have had these twice now, they are super light and super comfortable! Best boot ive have had and i put a lot of years on these in construction atmospheres and love them. Get a half size smaller than you normally would, they run a little big.
B000XEIZ7S A bit large A little big May order a 1/2 siZe smaller but keep these for heavier socks and colder weather but all in all I love them
B000XEKHOC Good durability...fit okay Good durable boot for work. Boot tends to run big so you may want to order a half size smaller than normal. The fit seems to be tighter on the sides and larger at the toe portion. I work in a auto shop with alot of fluids, oil and grease and the sole is not slip resistant like the last boots I owned. I will wear them because they are a pretty good boot but will probably not order them again because of the fit and slip resistance of the item.
B000XEKIUK Not the same size. Some how the size of this shoes seems to be smaller than the rest.Otherwise they look like a real good quality.
B000XEKIUK Great boots! After shopping around to get these for my son I found Amazon to have the best price. Went by reviews that they ran large and ordered a half size smaller, but they ended up being tight.  I returned them for his usual size and they are a perfect fit and have remained waterproof through a couple of snow storms already. Used amazon prime and both the original boots and replacement boots came in 2 days- return was easy and free through UPS.
B000XEKK94 buy the one smaller than your usual size the size is a little bigger.  if you are going to buy it , buy the one smaller than your usual size
B000XELF3O My husband like them... but he's normally a 13 in all other shoes. This brand fits too large.. Kind of inconvenient to return and get a smaller size, but I'm hoping the next size down fits better. We'll see.
B000XELF3O ... fit about a half size large but are very comfortable. These boots fit about a half size large but are very comfortable.
B000XELF3O Not great, but not the worst either I have high arches and have a hard time finding any boot that's comfortable. I usually use high arch insoles as well for comfort. These boots only lasted me six months before they wore out on the inside. They're a bit heavy, but not too bad. Maybe if I bought a half size smaller they wouldn't have worn out so quick. They do seem to run a half size too big. These are better than some Redwings, but not by much. I think I'll try a Wolverine Raider next.
B000XETU1I no comfort Too big I'm a ten and a half. You might have to get these a size smaller. Plus there is no comfort.
B000XETU1I Good boot runs small Ordered a half size smaller than normal because of reviews and fit good.  Nice boot for the price.  Would consider buying again.
B000XEW60K They are timberlands This is a good, durable and light for being a steel toe shoe.  I normally go through shoes or boots every three to six months.  I have been wearing these for about 9 months and they are still going strong.  I normally wear a 13 in Timberland's but the 13's I got here have turned out to be to big.  Since there is no laces you cannot tighten up the shoe (its an unexpected down side).  If you order them I would order them a half size smaller.
B000XEXZ7I Frustrating I bought these for my boyfriend because he wanted a boot type shoe that looks nice for work and play. The reviews I read say these are very comfortable for warehouse/plant type work when you are on your feet a lot and since we couldnt find any he liked in the stores, I decided to try ordering them.  I ordered his regular size, too big.  Sent them back and ordered a half size smaller.  Still too big.  So they are on their way back AGAIN to exchange for a full size smaller.  Hopefully these will work and be as wonderful as the other reviewer say.
B000XF04LM Slightly too narrow. I sent the shoes back to you, because the width of the shoe is slightly smaller than I need.  Size M is just slightly smaller than a D size which is what I normally wear.
B000XF4D1Y Fit as expected I bought 1/2 size smaller than my size and they fit perfect right out of the box.mmi would recommend purchasing these boots.
B000XR2GN4 Buy a half size smaller All in all this is a very comfortable boot. I'm on my feet 10 to 12 hours a day at work and I have no complaints. The only thing is they are a little to big. I wear a 10.5 in the Timberland PRO 6&#34; wheat boot (forget the name) so I bought the same size here. I recommend going a half size smaller than you usually wear, that's what I'll be doing on my next pair.
B000XR2W1U To big I bought these boots based on how my other timberland boots fit. My size 9 feels like a 10! I would have returned them, but I wore them to work the first day. I would suggest ordering them a size smaller.
B000XXGMRO Excellent Nice boot! Very confortable, good quality, good looking. However, the size is not accurate. Maybe I should buy one size smaller.
B000XXGMRO Order a full size down Boots are great, but run extremely large! My boyfriend is normally a size 10.5 and had to order a 9.5.
B000XXGMRO great boot! no break in period.Bought a half size smaller than usual.  Usually wear 10.5 bought 10, and fit perfectly.Highly recommended.
B000XXGMRO Nice boots Nice boots.  Comfortable and good looking.  They run a bit large in the sizing so think about what size you order.  you may want to order a half size smaller.
B000XXGMRO GOOD FOR THE PRICE I ordered a brown burnish for $98. They are 30% off just because there is a minor defect on one of the shoes. But never mind,  they look good. And thanks to the review that an half smaller size fit me perfectly.
B000XXGMRO Comfortable These boots are extremely comfortable.  I went with the advice to buy smaller than you normally would(1 to 1.5 smaller) and they still feel roomy and comfortable.  I have had them for 5 months now and wore them a lot during the winter and they still look like new so I will update if the sole starts to show any wear like others have mentioned; but so far so good!
B000XXGMRO Super comfy but SLIPPERY I bought these pair of boots a good 1 size smaller than normal and it fitted well. Sizing for this pair of boots large. Do note that.It's super comfy and broke in within a few wears. However, once it touches water, it's very slippery. So for dry or rough ground only.
B000XXGMRO ABSOLUTE PERFECTION! I trusted all of the previous reviews about going with a size smaller then you normally wear, and all were correct. I normally wear at 16, I went with a 15, and they fit perfect with room. Quality and comfort, A+++. I love these boots! I'm going to buy another in the darker color as well.
B000XXGMRO Earthkeepers They run large has to return the first pair for a size smaller and even then they are more comfortable with a thicker hiking sock. Otherwise I have no complaints, nice looking boot with jeans or will dress up as well
B000XXGMRO Perfect Boot Came as pictured and already broken in.  Extremely comfortable and warm, they are perfect for walking in cold weather and snow.  Order a size smaller than you normally would, they do run 1-1.5 sizes too big.
B000XXGMRO Great Puchase for the price These boots are great and fit comfortably. I bought them a size smaller then my dress shoes/running shoes and they fit perfect.
B000XXGMRO Very comfortable I read all the reviews from people saying order a full size smaller but decided to go a half size smaller instead and I'm glad I did.  It's a comfort issue with me.  My feet have room but are not swimming around in my boots.  I also wear thicker than normal socks in the cold weather months (just the weather these boots are made for) so I feel like I have the perfect size, and did I say they were comfortable.  Were it not for the fashion police I could very easily wear these everyday (thinks maybe I'll get them in another color...)
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeeper Renovation boots Great boots.  They look good, esp. with jeans.  They are considerably lighter than most Timberland boots----the sole is thinner and the interior doesn't have the usual thick lining.  But the quality is still there and they are very comfortable.Timberlands always run big on me, so I buy a half size smaller than my true size.
B000XXGMRO Fits one size small. They are great boots that fit about one size smaller. First pair I ordered had the sole fall off but amazon quickly sent me a new pair.
B000XXGMRO Thanks to other reviews! Thanks to the other reviews for these boots I was able to order a half size down from my normal shoe size and they fit great!
B000XXGMRO Great comfortable boot, but pick at least a half size smaller I got these boots because I liked how they looked rather than the recyclable materials they are made out of. The leather is very soft and supple feeling broken in from day one which contributes to the comfort of the boots. The sole is nice and grippy without being too bulky but the sole is pretty soft leading me to believe that they might wear quickly. The good part is that they can be resoled with Vibrams so theres nothing to worry about there. The footbed is very comfortable, and as I said before these boots felt like I had been wearing them for years the day that they arrived. Couldn't ask for anything more. Just be sure to buy at least a half size if not a whole size smaller than you would normally wear in other brands. I typically wear between a 9.5 and 10 and I had to return my 9.5 for a 9.
B000XXGMRO great boot.... Thanks to the other reviews I knew to order the boots at least 1 whole size smaller.... and did.  Thanks to others I got it right the first time.  Fit is perfect. Look is very modern with a outdoorsy kind of look.  I think this is a boot that every man should have in his closet.
B000XXGMRO Good quality and nice looking boot. Just received these boots and am happy with them so far. They seem well made and look good with jeans or other casual pants. I read the reviews and ordering a size smaller than what you normally wear is good advice. These boots are a size smaller and fit perfect. I would recommend these boots...
B000XXGMRO Good Product So far I find this to be a good over all boot.  As with most of the other reviews, get a full size smaller than your usual.  Other than that it's a a perfect mix of aesthetic, comfort, and functionality.The one downside is traction on wet asphalt, particularly over smooth or painted surfaces, but overall I am completely satisfied with these boots.
B000XXGMRO Poorly Constructed These boots are crap.  The leather is very thin and tears easily.  Half of the tongue of the shoe ripped off along the middle seam the second time I wore them.  Their redeeming quality is that they do look nice and are fairly comfortable.  The tread is a softer rubber which makes them easier on your foot.  However, it'll wear sown faster.  They run much longer than the size states.  Order a full size smaller than you measure for.
B000XXGMRO Great boots Had these about 10 months, they look and feel great. Don't hesitate for a second, just buy them.  I have 10 other pairs of boots now sitting in a crate because these are that nice.  They are a bit big, everyone is saying that, right, so buy a half size smaller.  I wish it did.  I know, you always take a 10.  Just buy a 9.5.  If i am wrong, send them back and write a nasty comment.
B000XXGMRO Get what you want! I've been wanting a pair of these for a long time, and finally I bought these and I couldn't be happier. I took other's advice and bought a size smaller and they fit perfect.
B000XXGMRO Happy Camper Very good looking boot,so nice I wear them indoors to keep them looking new! They feel broken in and look absolutely superb with jeans or chinos.  I am so glad I finally found these particular Earthkeepers and am a proud owner of a pair.  They are oversized like the reviews I had read. I strongly recommend ordering a half size  smaller, I wear a size 11 and ordered a size 10 1/2 and I wear a thick sock with them along with a DR Scholl's Air Pillow insole I added.  They feel good so I might suggest even ordering one size smaller than normal size because they most definetely are oversized!! Thank you Amazon for helping me get these much wanted boots!
B000XXGMRO Comfortable, but sizes need adjusting! I normally wear a 12.5 or 13. I had to go through 3 pairs of these boots before arriving on the right size, an 11.5. Do yourself a favor and order two sizes. One size that's 1 shoe size smaller than your normal size, and another 1.5 sizes smaller than your normal size.Then simply return the one that doesn't fit! Save yourself the trouble.Other than that, these boots are very comfortable. You'll definitely want high socks so you don't rub your shins raw all day.I'm noticing already on the first day of wearing, that there are small sections where the sole of the shoe seems to be separating from the shoe.I'll try and report back if this becomes problematic. It's very minor right now, hardly noticeable, but it may open up more with wear.
B000XXGMRO Great boots! good price and style...but buy a half size smaller than your regular fit.  Then they should fit like a glove.
B000XXGMRO Timberland Earthkeepers 6" Boots I looked at numerous different boots before choosing these.  I wanted to replace an older pair of Timberlands that I had.  Love the color and the fit.  As many others have said, you need to order a size smaller than your size in sneakers.  I wear an 11 in Nike and Brooks but a 10 in these.  I wear these for casual wear and have no idea how they would hold up for working in.
B000XXGMRO Order a full size smaller I'm usually a 9 and ended up with an 8. Besides that, the boots are GREAT!. No break in necessary, they feel great and look very nice with jeans. As always, excellent experience buying at Amazon.
B000XXGMRO first boot !!! overall a great boot, just wish i had pick half a size smaller. havent test whether its water proof or not
B000XXGMRO Buy in a smaller size. These are great boots but the sizing is off. I wear an 11 size boot. After reading reviews I decided to go with the 10.5. Even with the smaller size, they still fit big. Should've stepped down a full size even though I haven't worn a size 10 shoe since 6th grade.
B000XXGMRO Light duty boots. Great boots. Lightweight and comfortable. Just get a size smaller than your shoe size and you won't be disappointed. Would buy again.
B000XXGMRO Oops, too large. This was my first time buying Timberland boots, so I had no idea they ran roomy. Seemed about a half-size too large, so I ordered another, smaller pair. This second pair fits much better, but I would be curious to try yet another pair, one-half-size smaller.Other than the size issues, these boots have a great, classic style and are very comfortable.
B000XXGMRO Great boots. The first pair I ordered 1 half size smaller than normal and it was still too big.  I had to go down a whole size.  Very comfortable and fits great.
B000XXGMRO Great boot! I absolutely love these boots. I just wished I had gotten a smaller size. I wear a 11.5 when it comes to Nike sport shoes but for timberland boots I'm more of a 10 - 10.5.
B000XXGMRO Order 1/2 to 1 size smaller than usual Great boots. Really nice looking and comfortable, but they are cut very large! I had to order a whole size smaller than my normal size.
B000XXGMRO These boots are awesome lightweight, flexible, look great. I oiled them with a mix of beeswax, boiled linseed oil, coconut oil that I heated on the stove, and painted on with a paintbrush, then wiped off with a rag. I love the ankle support and the durability of the upper. Sole is pretty soft, looks like my time on concrete is wearing that down a bit fast, but I can get it resoled easily.Order this a full size and a half smaller than your usual size, they are quite large for the indicated size
B000XXGMRO Good boots Most comfortable boots I've owned.  Seem to be well made...time will tell. Had to get one size smaller than I normally wear.  I think they look great.
B000XXGMRO The shoe is nice, but the size is not match For other customers who want to order Timberland, at least smaller 0.5 size as you real size... I wear NIKE for 43, but for T, 9.5 is enough
B000XXGMRO Comfortable and Nice But Oversized... I ordered a half size small because of the reviews. The boot is still a little big. I wear an 11 M in most boots. It seems to fit better with thicker boot socks. I think if I go another half size smaller it will not fit. Boot takes a few days to wear in as well. Great style and comfort besides the over sizing. Would recommend.
B000XXGMRO Runs a bit larger than most shoes... This is a nice looking shoe but a bit large. Ordered a half size down and hopefully that will work better.
B000XXGMRO Stylish yet practical..... A well constructed boot that has a classic look. They look great with jeans and very comfortable. Only recommendation is go a full size smaller than what you normally wear.
B000XXGMRO Nice Boot Just got my pair yesterday.  I am glad I read the reviews here first because I ordered a full size smaller than normal and they fit perfect.  Very nice leather and the boot looks great.  Time will tell on durability, but fresh out the box these boots are great.
B000XXGMRO Nice but a little too large fitting! Very comfortable but  have to wear an extra pair of socks to make up for being a little larger. Would recommend going a half size smaller.
B000XXGMRO Love these boots but there is a catch These boots are great, first pair of Timberlands I have ever owned and I've had these for almost a month now and I really enjoy the look and comfort of them. These go great with a nice pair of dark blue jeans, or so people have told me. If people stopping you to ask you about your boots doesn't speak to the quality of these, I don't know what does.Timberlands run big so order these a half size smaller than whatever you normally wear. Honestly you could probably even them a full size smaller if you like a snugger fit.The catch with these boots is that they are pretty impractical in terms of why most people buy boots in the winter. They are not waterproof, not weatherproof, and no steal tip. That being said once I tried them on it didn't bother me, they looked great. Timberland makes other lines of boots for those purposes, these are purely for looks.
B000XXGMRO A bit large The shoe is about one size largerThan my normal size. I had to buyDR Scholl's inserts for a better fit & after that they feel good.I also got thicker Socks becouse it's was a bit ruff the first days To break them in but other than that it's a great boot.I think ill go 1/2 size smaller next time becouse I would buyThem again.
B000XXGMRO Way too big!!! Bought these and I have an another pair of Timberlands same size and I really wanted to like them and use them, but my foot was floating in it.  Returned to get a smaller size.
B000XXGMRO A great boot that runs big! I bought these boots for my son.  We had to return a couple before we finally got the right size.  I suggest that you order a full size smaller than your normal size.  My son wears them every day all day.  They are very comfortable and seem to get more so every day.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot The boot fits large, but it feel perfect to me.  I do not hike in these boot, but if I did, I would probably order the 10ish as the best fit in these boots is 1/2 size smaller than your regular size.  I like wearing 1/2 larger shoes, always have.
B000XXGMRO Excellent purchase Best buy I've ever made when it comes to boots make sure you get about a size smaller than your average size
B000XXGMRO Nice sturdy boots Fits great and feels like it will last me an apocalypse. I usually wear nike 10's and got a size smaller thanks to the recommendation from the other reviews.
B000XXGMRO Order 2 sizes smaller These boots are very thin.  They lack cushioning and felt like clown shoes.  I ordered my size, but they felt like they were 2 sizes too big.
B000XXGMRO Good boots, horrible sizing. The boots themselves are pretty nice. They look good and the quality isn't bad, especially for the price. The sizing however, is very hard to get right without trying them on. I ordered my first pair a half a size small than what I normally wear, and they were huge. So I returned for a whole size down, thinking that might do the trick, and they're still pretty roomy. I decided to keep these ones and just wear them with the extra room. In hindsight, I probably could've went down a whole two or two and a half sizes smaller than  what I normally wear. I've just never found a shoe that is that far off of actual sizing. Using 1 whole size max for some companies.From my experience with the two pairs I bought, order a size and a half smaller than your true foot size, maybe even size down two.
B000XXGMRO Good shoe but little to large Get a size smaller than regular and it will fit perfectly. Good quality shoe and will recommend to other people.
B000XXGMRO Great boots Great boots!  These boots are comfortable and there is really no break-in period...just lace and wear.  Previous reviews stated going a size smaller...i say at least one size smaller...Good tread, comfort, and look.Wear and enjoy!
B000XXGMRO order a size smaller than you wear if you dont wanna mess with returning them when they are delivered!!! as said in the header, order a size smaller than you wear, i had to return the size 15 i ordered which is the size my other timberlands are and all my other shoes are because they are for the 14s which fit perfectly.....they are very comfortable, seem quite durable, and look great.....only other drawback is that they are slick as snot if there is any moisture present, and im talking if you walk through the dew and into a building you better find something to hold on to or penguin walk til they are dry!!!
B000XXGMRO Nice boot but... The colour wasn't as dark as the picture shows and the fit was extremely large.Had to return these... hoping to get them in a smaller size eventually...
B000XXGMRO Awesome Boot Right Out of Box--Sizing Important to Note I just received my new pair of these boots so I am writing this review without much wear.  Nevertheless, I wanted to say that my first impression is very positive.  I read the existing reviews before purchasing.  Of particular benefit was the advice on sizing.  I normally wear an 8.5 D in street shoes and most athletic shoes.  Lately, in cowboy boots I have bought size 9 D for a good fit.  So, when I saw folks recommending buying a full size smaller than normal in these boots I really paused.  It was hard to take the advice really.  But I did and bought a size 8 D.  With Thorlo boot sox on with fairly think footbed, I have plenty of room.  So I would recommend buying at least 1/2 size to full size smaller on this boot.  The construction and leather are great.  The boots appearance is just like pictured only better on your foot.  Great look in jeans. Comfortable right out of the box.  At this point 5 star rating.  If I have any issues to adjust, I will come back here.
B000XXGMRO Nice boot, but order a size smaller. Stuck with a boot that is too big! Great look and very comfortable. However runs wide and not true to size. If I didn't wear them out, would have returned them for a smaller size.
B000XXGMRO Comments are right about half number less than your actual size Thanks to partners who told that it should be selected half size smaller than my actual size. It fitted perfectly.It feels comfortable on my feet and it is stylish.The main reason I've bought these boots is that they are waterproof. I hadn't yet the opportunity to test it.
B000XXGMRO Great boots, runs a little big. Great pair of boots. Only complaint is that they run larger in size than expected. If you order them, go with a half size smaller than you normally wear.
B000XXGMRO Yes! Get them a little smaller than your shoe size, and enjoy. Very light weight and comfortable. I am very happy with these boots
B000XXGMRO Half size Larger Great casual boot.  Good sturdy, lightweight construction and they didn't take but about 5-6 times to get worn in comfortably. Like other reviews stated, I ordered a half size smaller and they fit great.
B000XXGMRO very comfortable These are really nice comfortable lightweight casual boot . they do run a bit large as most reviews state. I went a 1/2 size smaller becouse a full size was not available .I am still happy with the the fit one could go either way depending how you like your boots to fit.But for sure go smaller than what you might normally wear.
B000XXGMRO great boot,waterproof and comfortable. This boot fits a little large I would recommend a half size smaller.that being said I detail for a living and my feet are constantly wet but these boots can handle the chemicals and moisture associated with any hands on job.
B000XXGMRO GREAT SHOES! I bought these for my husband's birthday. He and I love these. They fit well, but I did buy them a half size smaller because of the other reviews.
B000YDBIJU Good Sandle's but need a size smaller. Good closed sandle's but their running 1 size to 1/2 size larger than other shoes. Not many closed Sandles out there and out of the few these are some of the best.
B0016ZP5TO Timberland Kings Bay This is a very comfortable and well made shoe.I am delighted with the purchase and have bought a second pair in a different color.The only negative is that they seem to be a long narrow sizing.I returned a pair that were my normal size and bought a half size smaller in wider fitting.That worked and I'm very pleased.
B001760K56 Perfect Had to order one whole size smaller than usual, but I am loving these boots!Waterproof - cute - yeah!
B001760K56 comfortable My shoe size is 7.5 but for these boots I can say 7 fitted on me. I had to return but I bought the smaller one instead because I love it! Very comfortable and pretty. I think tan color is very cool too. I am very happy with my boots. except size problem I don't have any problem.
B001760K56 happy girl I just got my boots today and I love them!!!  I originally ordered my normal size (7) but cancelled and reordered a half size smaller after reading reviews.  I am so glad I did.  They are just snug enough in the foot and the shafts actually fit my calves.  I have had a hard time finding a pair of boots that weren't 2-3 inches big at the top of the boot.  I can tell these are going to be my go-to boots.  :)
B001760K56 Mixed reviews The boots were lovely but unfortunately run large. I didn't order a smaller size because these were already my fourth pair of boots I had to return (differnt boots from different sellers) due to the wrong fit, and I just didn't have it in me to try again.
B001760K56 Pretty nice boot! I actually have these in black.  They are wonderful in damp or snowy weather. Very durable.  However, the footbed is long, making your foot look longer than it is.  So I ordered them in brown in a half size smaller and found that they actually fit better but there was still that longish looking footbed.  Odd fit!  Great if you just put on more socks! Great for someone with really long feet.
B001760K56 Nice leather boots! These boots are wonderful! Great to pair with jeans or a skirt. The brown color is a little darker than in the picture, but I like them better that way. I odered in a size 7.5 and had to send them back for a 7. I would recommend ordering a half size smaller than your normal size. Having never ordered from Amazon before, I was a bit worried about the quailty of the product. No problems!
B001760K56 Nice boot but... This boot is everything I was looking for.  Classic motorcycle style with the practical waterproof feature.  I read all the reviews, most mentioned that they ran big.  So naturally I ordered a half size smaller.  Given, I have one foot that is a half size smaller than the other so I usually buy a 7 and both feet are happy.  When I received the 6.5, I couldn't even fit my smaller foot into the boot; not even close.  I would say, they run small.  And good luck finding sizes anywhere else online!
B001760K56 Love these! After searching the B&M stores I have finally found what I was looking for....on my favorite website.  These are great! Stylish, comfortable, and durable. Cannot ask for much more. The size for me ran a half size big. I recommend getting a half size smaller than your normal size. It only took wearing them twice to break them in. I did buy a mink oil to protect them from moisture. I have only had them about 2 weeks and have had many compliments.
B001760K56 Boot runs large, I think! The quality and style of this boot are both exceptional!!  It is very modern and yet very comfy!  I ordered my regular size, but I think it runs long... the with is perfect, as I ordered C/D. I wanted to exchange them for a half size smaller, but they did not have it in stock. I will keep them and hope they do well in the wet, cold of KC!
B001AMM49C Good item--But........... Remember it zips-- so more for the look--if not the action.AND they run much smaller than size---one size OR MORE
B001BFH7WW Timberland Rugged Boot These are great boots----they look good and are built to last.  The only problem for me was that they were too small.  I usually buy a half-size smaller in Timberland work boots, but lately it seems they are true to size for me----maybe they've changed?
B001EWFF30 Smaller than expected The descriptions I've read about timberland boots was that they fit about a half size bigger. Not the case at all. They are true to size. A little disappointing that they fit a little snug but they'll work
B001EWFF30 They're Timberland shoes..of course they rock These are awesome boots.  Comfortable, waterproof, and stylish.  Make sure you order a 1/2 size smaller than you are used to, so if you usually get 9.5, get 9.
B001FXZU92 Runs very large these boots are nice but run too large. my feet are swimming in them. I would buy a half size smaller at least.
B001LI7HJC sizing is not accurate I loved the look of these boots, however the size runs smaller that what I normally wear= gave to my daughter. Bummer for me =(
B001SARJXC Sizes are inconsistent I have a pair from a few years ago, size 10.5.  Thes are almost 1/2 inch smaller.  I ordered a different model in 10.5. Almost a half inch larger.......
B001SARJXC Classic Boot Updated which now seems to run a bit smaller and narrower than previouslyI've bought 3 pairs of this style and wear them until they fall apart (which is a long time).  Rugged but stylish enough to wear at work and year round (oh what a horrible winter we just had!)Just about to buy another pair (half size bigger this time) - very much recommended
B001SARJXC Ordered a half Size Small Love these boots, super comfortable, look great.  As per other reviewers, these run big.  ordered a half size smaller than what I usually wear (I wear an 11 D), so i got these in a 10.5 D and they fit perfectly.
B001U0OTCY GREAT BOOTS FOR MICHIGAN I was looking for a functional and stylish boot for the Michigan winters.  This boot not only met but exceeded my expectations.  I researched different brands for about a month or so before finally purchasing the Timberland brand.  I have never owned Timberland before so this was a great buy.I took the advice of many of the reviews and bought a 1/2 size smaller.  Great advice.Do yourself a favor and get them 1/2 SIZE SMALLER too.
B001VNCKJ4 Great Boot But Sizing Is Way Off Love the style and quality of these boots but the sizing is way off. I normally wear an 10.5 - 11.After reading reviews, I decided on a 10.5 and they were way too big. Re-Ordered a size 10 and they fit much better but I may have even been able to wear a 9.5 if they had been in stock. I would definitely order a half size smaller then normal when purchasing these boots.
B001VNCKJ4 Half a size too big else great shoes. Shoes are a bit large, go with half a size smaller. Zippers are a good idea, easy to get in and out.
B002618DBE Son is happy with them... &#8230;.so much so that he often doesn't want to take them off. They do seem to run a bit on the smaller size. Not too much so, but we did end up going 2 sizes up for slightly bigger fit, rather than slightly just more than perfect.
B00261CDYW Sizing issues Disappointed. The size 13 I received feel half to full size smaller than marked. I compared it side by side with two other Timberland boat shoes that I own, in the same size, and these are visibly narrower in the toe and shorter in length.
B00295RJIU Fit runs large Too big had to wear very thick socks! They run large.Overall very comfortable! Worn shoes for two months.I bought a second pair 1/2 size smaller
B002CVUSY8 Nice boot 1/2 size too big. Great boot tho! Had to return and get 1/2 size smaller. I like that theyre waterproof.
B002MQ8YEE Runs Smaller Than States This is a great looking shoe, but it runs a complete size smaller than stated.  Ordered a size 15, but needed a 16 which Timberland does not produce in this model.  All other Timberland shoes that I have purchased run true to size.  Had to return the shoe.
B002OHEEG8 shoes run large These shoes run large so order a size smaller and they are made cheap.  I don't recommend them for boys on-the-go.  I returned them.
B002XKJXD0 Boots They came in a timely manner. the boots run a bit big so you might want to get a half size smaller than your actual shoe size,
B002YOMJPY Too Small I purchased the size I usually use and it did not fit. It was at least half a size smaller than expected.I am very disappointed with my purchase.
B002YOMJPY Great Waterproof Boots with loads of Comfort These boots are extremely comfortable and well-made. The only problem was the fit...I needed to exchange them for 1 size smaller.
B002YOMJPY Get them one size smaller Love the boots but had to exchange for a smaller size they run big. I should have read reviews because someone had mentioned this.
B002YOMJPY NOT for Hiking! I bought these boots about 6 months ago.Pro: There were light and comfortable.Con: Very poor traction on rocks.  Eyelets, waterproofing and glue failed after 4 hikes.The eyelets continue to fail one by one.  3 failed so far.These are not rugged boots.  They are less rugged than cheaper brands of boots that I have tried.Previous reviews stated that they were over sized but mine were a half size smaller than I anticipated, not a problem as I always get boots a half size too large.
B002YOMJPY Very comfortable Be aware that these shoes tend to be a bit smaller for their size. I ordered a 10D but the size was more like a 9.75 than a 9.5 or 10. Since my foot is actually between a 9.5 and 10 this worked out well for me but might not work out well for you.
B0034G54BM Too small Ordered a size 6, very snug.  I have stronger calves. could not even close the zipper half way up the calves.I tried a friends timberland boot size 9 - was able fit my calves in that boot.. not sure if the calve size gets smaller with shoe size.
B0034G558E Had to get them in BLACK!!!! Well I usually wear a size 9 1/2 and I got it. I do have long narrow feet and thing legs. So I guess I don't need it a half a size bigger like other reviews say. I bought these in the light brown in macy's and I decided to get a new pair of black boots. Why not getting the same boots. I do believe you have to break them in. Maybe loosing up the laces will help. They are nice looking and make my feet look smaller. Love the boots.
B0034G558E Couldn't be better! I love these boots!!!! I've only wore them around the house but they are so comfortable.  I read the reviews and I'm glad that I followed the sizing comments.  Majority of my shoes and boots are size 9 and reading the reviews I was kind of iffy as far as ordering a 9.5, I did order the 9.5 and they are perfect.  From most of the reviews, the ladies with the smaller feet had no issues, but larger sizes did.  I highly recommend the 1/2 size bigger.They shipped quickly, extremely satisfied.
B0034G5KAC Favorite! I ordered these in 1/2 size larger due to the reviews I read. Had to send them back because they were too big.  If anything I probably could have used a size smaller.  Many compliments when I wear them and sooo comfortable!
B0034XS4OY A little Oversized Good Looking shoes, but a little narrow and longer than normal size, my size is 8.5 or 9 depending on different kind of shoes, but my big toes still have about 1cm space to the front in these shoes, meanwhile feel a little tight. So suggestion is, choose half size smaller, and width bigger.
B0034XS4OY COMFY SHOES, ORDER SIZE SMALLER! niice shoes, great for winter in canada, BUT DEFINITELY ORDER A SIZE SMALLER.. I am a size 12, ordered 11 and still think 10.5 would have been good.. only draw back is theres alot of contact in the back of ur foot..otherwise they are comfortable.
B0034XS4OY Excellent Well made, durable, looks great.  Be careful with size. Take half or full size smaller because they are bigger than standart size, check Timberland's site for sizing. Thanks Amazon for fast shipping. Buy it.
B0034XS4OY Great boots. Great boots. Look neat and fit my feet. The cushion is supportive while flexible. But you do need to got one size smaller than your actual size. I'm in Australia and I don't know why Timberland doesn't ship their product outside America. If the purchase can be easier, I would definitely buy more.
B003A67X5G Order half or a size smaller My husband wears a size 9, but I went half sizer smaller because of other reviews.  It fits a tiny bit loose just the way my husband likes for his working shoes . I would suggest go down a size. I still give it a 5 star since he said it's the best working shoe ever.
B003A69RS2 A little large (1/2 size) but comfy! I don't want to send the wrong message. These are GREAT shoes, so far! Timberland has always been a quality brand in my book. However, these shoes run a half size large for me.  All my shoes are 8 - 8.5, so no big deal but I would order a little smaller or wear thick socks, like I'm doing now. As for comfort, they are great but I am still breaking them in...I'll update later. Hope this helps!
B003A6I6NO Just be sure to order a half size smaller than normal for slip-ons like this. Once they break in and start bending ... I'm on my feet all day and don't want to take them off when I get home from work.  Just be sure to order a half size smaller than normal for slip-ons like this.  Once they break in and start bending they will fit like they're made to fit your foot.
B003AZZM3C Somewhat small size I heard from other reviews to get 1/2 to 1 size smaller that your usual size but I disagree cause my product was snuggly fit. I would suggest others to get their regular size boots.
B003ELOZSU SIZING NOT CORRECT Beware ordering this product.  It may be nice, but I couldn't really tell because it is at least one full size smaller than it is supposed to be.  Based on other reviews, I did order 1/2 size larger, but there is no way I could fit into this boot with even stockings, much less the sock I'd likely want to wear in weather this boot would be appropriate for.  I took it to a shoe store, and it is externally a half size smaller than the correct size; the fluffy inside lining makes it even smaller.Worse yet, the seller refuses to believe the size problem, so WILL NOT REFUND RETURN SHIPPING CHARGES.  You'd think for goodwill he'd be more cooperative, but he is completely unwilling to accommodate.  (highkickz)
B003ELOZSU Fantastic Boots Love these boots!  Extremely comfortable.  I would suggest buying a half a size larger than you typically wear as they do seem to run slightly smaller.  Very happy with my purchase!!!
B003HLI3B2 Timberland Pro I ordered a 1/2 size smaller and they fit great and feel great.  Love the no slip feature!
B003LBWOCM Love them but they run long in the toe. These sandals run long in the toe (if I had known I would have gotten a half size smaller) which could be a problem when your climbing stairs.  The tips could get caught if you forget to pick your feet up enough.  Not trying to be picky I do rate them at 5 stars.
B003LVYR6S Great shoes These hiking shoes are lightweight, feel very stable and comfortable, and pretty. The only reason I have 4 stars is because they are slightly smaller than described, and I had to return the original order to get a half size bigger. Highly recommend.
B003TFEA5O Are these for smaller calves????? Cute look! I was wondering if these are for smaller calves because I have purchased some that were very wide up top.
B003VMVXDW Size is One Size Smaller I ordered size 9 for my son, and the sandal is too small for him. His feet were just measured and we bought a Timberland boots a few weeks ago in size 9 from Amazon, and it fixes well. So careful. The seller will not pay for return shipping.
B003VMVXDW way to big I need a smaller size and am wondering how I can exchange these for a size 11M so they will fit
B003XHH0W8 Quality but a little larger Great Boot!Purchase 1/2 size SMALLER than normal.I own Timberlands and ordered by same size but these were big.
B0043QGPKQ Size does count!  A good fit that's built to last. I've always bought Timberland slip-on shoes and never had a problem.  With other brands, the shoe size isn't always accurate - but with Timberland's you don't have to order a 1/2 size smaller or 1/2 size larger.  It just fits. I have several pair that are now 8 years old that I  finally have to replace.  My Endurance slip-ons are great!  The only negative is Timberland doesn't sell replacement insoles for their shoes.  Overall, a really good shoe that's built to last.
B0044KN0PO nice boot very nice original timberland boots but a little smaller. I ordered half size smaller than my original size since I always heart that timberland boots go a bit bigger. Order your original size. Besides that it is exactly the same color as in the picture. Lovely and nice boots.
B004J2HSIC Quality Boot. Couldnt be happier. Fantastic product. Just received today and tried on. I have a similar pair that I purchased a couple months ago that are mid height. They come up right passed the ankle for hiking and summer time outdoor activities. I was looking for a pair that I could use for winter time. These fit the bill. I normally wear a 10 or 10 1/2 sneaker. I normally run a little smaller in boots so I decided to try the 9 1/2. They fit perfectly. So I would advise going a 1/2 size smaller than what you would normally wear. they look durable as hell and having goretex incorporated in them, just like the other pair I own, i trust that they are going to be waterproof. If I have any future problems, I will come back on and edit this review. But from where I'm sitting right now, I'm thrilled with the purchase.
B004J2HSLY Size doesn't match The shoes are great. The size is at least 1 size smaller than it states.i.e my son wears size 9.5. We tried 9.5 and 10 and even the 10 is too small.
B004J2PCHG WATERPROOF BOOTS THEY ARE TO HEAVY' I SHOULD HAVE ORDERED A SIZE SMALLER 9 - AND A  HALF. I WISH I COULD CHANGE THEM OUT FOR A SMALLER SIZE.
B004K66PAE Simple, classy and versatile My wife loves these boots. She wanted them for a couple months and got them for Christmas. They look good and are versatile, so she can wear them during the day with dresses, jeans, pants, etc. She bought a size 7.5, and they are slightly big lengthwise (she's got narrow feet), but she fears a half-size smaller might be too snug so she'll keep these. Great purchase.
B004L32PFU Perfect boots for casual wear Rugged look fits perfectly with my raw denim (of any shade) and brings out the best in them. Ordered a size smaller and fits perfectly as expected (after doing my research and reading other comments) Extremely satisfied with this buy for an extremely good price!
B004LKVJP0 Tight Fit This particular boot runs smaller than usual.  I normally wear a size 9 1/2. Looks like that I should have ordered a 10 1/2 when ordering these boots.  The up side is that they look just like they do online and are good quality. A tad bit too flat for my personal taste. Need more arch for comfort.  Order a complete size larger if you intend on wearing thick socks with these or like to have room for your toes to move arouund.
B004Q01HZM these boots are great Somewhat minimalist boots. Not meant for extreme weather. they are comfy and if you are familiar with boot sizing they fit perfectly. I had to get a size smaller than my sneaker size but that's pretty normal with boots.Keep on Chukka!
B004RQ1JH6 Shoes are GREAT.  Order 1 Full size smaller than normal. As repeated throughout the reviews, order 1 full size smaller than you normally wear.  I thought I could get away with 1/2 Size smaller, and they were still too big.I hate wearing boots.  After years of destroying dress shoes on jobsites, I gave these a shot and love them.  They're not overly heavy, the safety toe doesn't cut into your foot, tread is great, and they look great.
B004RQ1JH6 Wow, They Are Big Like others said, these run quite large. I've worn 12 Wide my entire adult life, sometimes a 12 Regular. So, ignoring the advice of others here, I bought 12 W of these Timberland Pro Gladstones. I would have had to wear two, maybe three pair of thick socks for a decent fit! I returned the 12W's, went to 11.5 Wide, they still need a substantial sock. I won't bother trying 11 W. With Amazon's great return policy on footwear, I'd recommend ordering both your regular size and a half size smaller, and return the one that is too big. Don't be surprised if you have to go a whole size smaller. Pretty surprised, I've bought other Timberland Pro ST shoes, fit fine in my regular 12W size.Too soon to tell how the shoes themselves perform, seem good now that I've got a good fit.
B004RQ1JH6 I'm glad that I didn't follow the advice of the reviewers who said "Buy Smaller Size." I went back and forth on the size issue that so many have mentioned in their reviews at Amazon, and at a few other sites too. I have a relatively short foot, though, that is WIDER than most E and W widths, so I have to take my chances. Since the size chart for the shoes says that their W is the same as an EE shoe, I ultimately chose to order my regular size (8W). Length and width are perfect for me. Most of the reviews that say to order a size smaller seem to be in the 11.5 - 12.5 size ranges, so there may be an issue in the larger sizes, but as for the 8W shoe, it really does fit an 8W foot. The shoe is otherwise of very high quality.
B004RQ1JH6 Order  size smaller The shoes are everything I expected from Timberland. I stand 10 hours a day on concrete and the anti-fatigue soles are as advertised. After reading the reviews I ordered a  size smaller than I normally wear - the shoes were spot on.
B004T0YVZ2 Need another size Because it's a juniors size and it fits me big I need a smaller size! I need a woman's size.
B004ZCE19U To big I really love the shoe however the size was to large I am ordering a smaller size. I should have read the review prior to purchase stating how they are cut larger.
B004ZCE19U Very nice boot Boot is very well made and comfortable. I do recommend that you try a 1/2 size smaller than your regular shoes as these run big.
B004ZCE19U Go smaller in size Having bought Timberland boots for many years, I was confident in ordering size, but these boots feel a bit larger than previous boots of same size.
B0052A7F2Y Very comfortable when I purchased these shoes I got a size smaller than my size which is 8-81/2 thinking that they would fit too large but they were too tight on my feet, so I exchanged them without a single problem for one size larger. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for work.
B005A5ZAQY Nice The shoe is a little smaller than other models of the same brand. There are almost half a size difference. I bought 10 1/2 and adjusted shod. Brown tone is not exactly like shown in the image. They are beautiful, comfortable and give the impression of being resistant.
B005BWB2QI Nice Shoe Larger than anticipated, even after going a half size smaller. Very comfortable and good quality. I walk around NYC and meet so many women because of these shoes.
B005BWB2QI Perfect shoes and nice looking one! Is a good shoe, only bad thing is that should have bought a 1/2 size smaller than the one order. I like the feeling while wearing it and the finished of the fabric.I would definitely recommend it.
B005BWB2QI Order half size regular Normally wear a 9D since I fractured both heel bones so I ordered 1/2 size smaller to 8 1/2 as most comments suggested on product review. Nice shoe for out of doors work. Wish they were water proof.
B005BWB2QI WAY!!!! too large I read the reviews and ordered a 1/2 size smaller than my normal 10. My feet were swimming in these shoes. I've returned them and went down to a size nine. I hope that is small enough.
B005BWB2QI I took the advice herein and bought a 1/2 size smaller than normal... Good fit and finish, and indeed they do run large. Good value on Amazon compared to even Zappos and I would buy the shoes again...
B005BWB2QI True to size I ordered a half size smaller based on the previous reviews.  I wish I hadn't because the shoes are a bit snug for my husband.  Otherwise, it's a good looking shoe.
B005BWB2QI These seem to run large, so I re-ordered these ..so I re-ordered these shoes at a smaller size. They are very nice, sturdy, well-made, down-to-eath looking good shoes. My husband likes them!
B005BWB2QI size smaller Based on reviews I got size smaller and they fit perfect! Shoes are well made and comfortable. I am thinking about ordering second pair.
B005BWB2QI Order a size smaller Very Nice shoe. I listened to the other reviews and ordered a 1/2 size smaller. Still a tad big, but with my orthotics or a foot pad should be perfect. Overall, a good deal and a great shoe.
B005BWB2QI Four Stars Love the shoes. Very lightweight. Bought 1/2 size smaller and fits fine!
B005BWB2QI Run Large Nice show but run large order a size smaller (size 15) still was on the large size. A good casual shoe but not your clsssic boat shoe rides too high on the ankle and heel.
B005BWB2QI Good Shoe.  Sized Very Large These shoes look great and are very comfortable.  The sizing is really large on them.  I normally wear a 10.5 dress shoe and ended up finally keeping a 9 after trying multiple sizes.  My 10.5 foot actually fit in the 8.5 but my toe touched the end of the show when walking.  I would order at least a full size smaller than your normal dress shoe and maybe 1.5 sizes smaller.  Other than that though, these are great shoes once you find a size that works for you.
B005BWB2QI Too Large Well made shoes but I ordered my normal 7 1/2 and they are too large which I am returning, quick and easy process. I have now ordered a 7 and should have them soon. If the size was accurate I would have given these shoes a 5 star, but since I need to take my time to order a smaller size and then return the others at a UPS Store only 4 Stars
B005BWB2QI Too large I am a solid 7M, but his was a very large shoe....if you purchase these, order at least a half size smaller than you normally wear.
B005BWB2QI Looks great got here great The shoes are very comfy. They run big so don't get ur actual size. Get half size smaller. lso, the shoes look very good too. U will have to cut the laces a bit cause they are long.
B005BWB2QI A Great Pair of Shoes! I wear size 10 shoes, but based on other reviews I went with a half size smaller.  Size 9.5 fit me perfectly.  Other than that, the shoes look great, they appear to be quality made, and they're very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Comfortable and great looking Ordered my husband's usual size, but they were too large. A half size smaller fit perfectly. He wore them immediately, no need to break in. Very comfortable and love the worn look of the leather. Being a size EE, it is very difficult to find shoes that fit him, we will definitely order more of Timberlands shoes again.
B005BWB2QI this review won't be helpful. but here it is. I'm not the one to ask because I'm never sure what size I wear and these fit but I think I should have gotten a half size smaller and a wider fit... Which they didn't have unfortunately. But they look better in person
B005BWB2QI Fairly comfortable Ususally I wear size 9 1/2 but lot of the revews indicated this shoe ran big so I ordered a size 9.  It fits fairly well and is comfortable. My recommendation is for you to try 1/2 size smaller for a better fit.
B005BWB2QI Get smaller size than your actual. Get smaller size than your actual. E.g if 10.5, u should get 10.... but I still like it, especially the smell..
B005BWB2QI Great looking Boat shoes Well made and great looking. I did, like most other reviewers who suggested getting a half-size smaller and they fit fine. If there is one suggestion I could make to Timberland, it would be to move the in-step an inch down toward the fore. Makes it easier to slide in and out, at least for me. I like this shoe and its looks!!
B005BWB2QI Be careful of size This is a very nice shoe.  I ordered my normal size and when it arrived I was aware that it was too large for my feet. I compared it physically with other similar shoes I own and could see the difference. I went online to arrange an exchange for a half size smaller and was provided with a pre-paid UPS label to return the original pair. And within 2 days the replacement pair arrived. These fit fine. So I suggest that if you purchase these, order at least a half size smaller than you normally wear. The manufacturer is a little off in measurements.
B005BWB2QI Great quality shoe...order 1 full size smaller than what you normally wear! I love these shoes and their quality. Price very well. I was advised by previous buyers to order one entire size smaller than the normal shoe size I have but I did not listen. I ordered shoes only 1/2 size smaller and the shoes are a little too big. My bad...lesson learned.
B005BWB2QI Notice the size I took people's advice and gone for one size smaller. I wear 9.5 for sport shoes and I got 8.5 for these ones and I am so satisfied with the fitness. they are comfortable for now . I will update you after sometime I put them on. I did not want  boat shoes which are so flat and they have a good size heel.
B005BWB2QI They do run large (but most other shoes run small) They fit exactly like the sizing tool at the shoe store says they would.  I normally have to buy about a half size larger than what the tool says.  If you haven't measured your feet, get these Earthkeepers in a half-size smaller than you'd normally order.
B005BWB2QI how to exchange the shoes for a smaller size i need to exchange them but i dont have a printer to print out the label to change them...my husband  loves the shoes but they are just about a 1/2 size to big, they run bigger than  we thought...
B005BWB2QI Runs a little large I ordered a half size smaller and it fits but not snug. Kept them because I was afraid the next half size smaller would be too small. Like the style alot and they wear comfortably.
B005ERZ6MQ Comfortable, stylish I really like these shoes. They're comfortable and stylish. However, they seem a bit long. If I hadn't already worn them, I'd order a half size smaller.
B005FI1VE6 Four Stars Nice sandals but run at least half size smaller
B005FI1VE6 Perfect for busy girls in summer. Well made, nothing cheap about these. Only problem is they're a little big. My daughter is a 12 in sneakers but this 12 is large. Don't be afraid to order a whole size smaller than your child's size in closed shoes. Otherwise, beautiful Timberland quality, great color, all good.
B005FI1VE6 Too Large My daughter loves them but they are way too big had to order a smaller size.  They look very cute!
B005I6RZXG Timberland Pro Renova shoes I love the comfort of he Timberland Pro shoes.  They do run a little big, I wish I had known that before I ordered so that I could have gotten a half size smaller.
B005I6RZXG Order smaller than usual! I wear a 9 in all shoes other than sandals.  Asics, Nikes, pumps, doesn't matter&#8230;always a nine.  This shoe was extremely big!  As in&#8230;I could fit two fingers between my heel and the heel of the shoe.  I'm sending them back to order a whole size smaller.  We shall see...
B005I6RZXG Would recommend.  Run slightly large. Love them & would definitely recommend them.  Very comfortable & look professional.  They do run slightly large; probably could have gotten 1/2 size smaller.
B005LCQYYS To be an 8 they are somehow smaller then expected I have many pair of Timberland shoes and all in size 8, that why I felt confortable in buying online, however these shoes are somehow smaller then the regular Timberland 8
B005LCQYYS But why different insoles? The first pair was too big, so exchanged for a smaller size.  I noticed that the insoles were different.  The smaller size had a partial leather insole, which I think is better than the all cloth one.  Anyway, they are comfortable and Amazon made it very easy to exchange.
B005LCQYYS very good pretty good product but the blue material is very thin. I would recommend getting a half a size smaller than your normal size
B005MI875U Very comfortable. Extremelly comfortable, but it's a bit bigger than actual size.  Not quite big enough to be an issue, I think if i order, half a size smaller it would be to small. So thats why the 4 stars and not the 5. Would i recomend? YES.
B005MI875U Runs a bit smaller so choose half a size than what you'd normally take. Great quality as expected. It runs smaller like what the other reviews state. I normally wear a 8.5 and ordered a size 8 and it fits fine!
B005MI8CPK Timberland shoe review My timberlands arrived on time and were what i was expecting except for the fact that they were at least a whole size too big. I tried to return them but for some odd reason the next size down were like 20$ more expensive (weird i know) so i ended up just putting some sole padding to make my foot fit more snugly. Other than the size issue the shoes are great. I would recommend ordering at least half a size if not a whole size smaller then your usual shoe size.
B005ZFBLTY i love these shoes and they are very comfortable i love these shoes and they are very comfortable. Only problem is that they run a little large. Ordered a smaller size
B006T2EJC8 Amazing boot Loved this boot, I think I would probably get a half size smaller to make sure it holds onto my foot as well as it is intended. Its just the tiniest bit loose.
B006T32HGC Too large They were too large. I would recommend a half size smaller than your normal shoe size. I exchanged them and it was quick and easy.
B006T32HGC Great boots so far... I went with a half size smaller from what I read from other post.  That was perfect.  They fit very well. Had them on for 15hrs the first day and my feet were not tired.  So far they are very comfortable.
B006ZGV9LM Nice boots Beautiful boots.  I ordered a half size larger as suggested by other reviews and it is a good thing I did--they fit a bit smaller in the toe.  Also as said in the other reviews, you need narrow calves in order to wear these.
B006ZGV9LM gorgeous very small boots gorgeous boots cut much smaller than my other boots which are all size 8. these size 8s I couldn't get on my foot.
B006ZGV9LM Good quality but runs small These boots are great quality. They're well built, nice soft leather upper and durable rubber sole. But they run smaller than their other boots both in shoe size and shaft circumference. So order up a half size.
B006ZIGRXA Excellent boots but runs large I purchased these boots on 6 pm but happy to leave my feedback here for other customers. I ordered half a size small my regular size because they didn't have my size - glad I did, these boots run large. Even half a size smaller makes them large for my feet but I am happy because I can wear them with socks. Boots are comfortable and very well made. Would recommend for others.
B006ZIGS34 Run a half size large I wear these nearly every day. They are tough, waterproof, comfortable, and look great. These are the best boots ive ever owned and I love that they just slip on. You might want to order a half size smaller though. I usually wear an 11 or 10.5 but since they dont make a 10.5 I got them in a 10. Unfortunately I can only wear thin socks with them.
B006ZJ2ZUI Only if you have smaller feet They make your feet look huge. I wear a size 10 so I wouldn't suggest if you have larger feet.
B006ZTTV1O Comfortable and stylish A nice boot that has been immediately comfortable.  The size is a little longer than expected and I would have prefered a half size smaller.
B0070SHSGE Great shoes Beautiful shoes, always order half a size smaller, are ideal. Convenient and practical. The only drawback - made in China.
B0070SI95I Overall a good boot. Great for everyday wear. Order a full size smaller than normal. Comfortable right out of the box. Virtually no break in time needed. These do run large. I ordered a full size smaller than I normally would, and they fit perfectly. They definitely have that classic, timeless style that looks great with jeans, khakis, or work-pants. Like other reviews have mentioned, the sole is thinner and lower profile than some other boots. I think this makes them look nicer for casual wear, but I'm not sure how it will affect durability. They are re-solable though, and the upper seems like it could last a lifetime with proper care. In general, the sole and foot-bed are fairly soft. This softness makes them really comfortable for everyday wear and some casual hiking or work, but would probably be insufficient for rugged terrain. I would recommend a stiffer sole to protect your feet from rocks, sticks, etc. if you need a boot for more heavy duty uses. That being said, I walk about 1.5 miles  to work everyday, regardless of weather. These have been dry and comfortable walking through snow as well as sitting in the office. In all, if you're looking for a middle-ground boot that's rugged enough to hold up to moderate abuse, but still comfortable and stylish enough for casual use, these are perfect.
B0070SPKZU Life long Timberland boot wearer I have never seen this style in stores and I loved the look. they fit perfectly, I was told to go with a size smaller than I normally wear but I went a half size less and its just right. They feel great and give lots of ankle support.
B0072AE45S Great Boot, but runs a little large Love the boot, but had to return them for a half size smaller.  Would definitely order them again.
B0072AFBKK Order a half size bigger... I love the boots but they're really narrow and about a half size smaller than most boots. I ordered an 11.5 when I would fit a 12.
B007782V1O Love These Boots! I ordered these boots a size smaller than normal BUT they were too small. I exchanged them for my normal size and they fit PERFECT.  SUPER CUTE, especially when worn with lace cuffed socks.Definitely recommend and Amazon is the ONLY way to go!!!  Thank You!
B0077SY810 Great shoes, need breaking in though. The boots run a bit narrow even thought I got the wide size. They have since broken in so they fit good now. I usually wear an 8 1/2, sometimes a 9. I took other peoples advice and got a half size smaller, it was a good call. They have lots of room in the toe, possibly could have gotten away with a 7 1/2. These run a half size to a whole size too big so consider that if you buy them. Overall a great boot.
B0077SY810 Great boots but 1/2 size too big! Requested my normal size of 11.5 but these boots run large. Therefore, I would like to exchange for a slightly smaller size 11.0.
B0077SY810 Good Boots So I ordered these boots and they are very well built and look great, I would get a half size smaller for a better fit. I wear 10.5 but in this boot a 10 will fit snug. The boot is very narrow as others have stated but after you wear them for a few days they will break in even though at first they will be somewhat tight to the point where you think you ordered too small of a size but they will break in like other boots.
B0077SY810 Very nice I thought these looked interesting - I liked the tri-color effect, and the zipper. Based on others comments, I ordered a half-size smaller than normal, but wide (2E). The size turned out to be perfect, and the boots are extremely comfy. Quality seems very good too - firm leather where it needs to be, but very soft leather around the ankle. Overall, very happy so far. Time will tell how they wear.
B00828VKFQ too large too large exchanged and got smaller size and it fits very good and very comfortable had lots of people look at them
B00828VKFQ Amazing comfort Love this shoe! Great shoe for hurting feet. I think timberland runs a little large so I ordered 1/2 size smaller and was a perfect fit.
B00828VKFQ Lookout they run BIG I have purchased Timberland shoes before and have had a great experience with them.I am a perfect 9 but considering that I might wear them later on with heavier socks I ordered the 9WWell they are tooo large not only the width but the shoe itself. Placed an insole in them and they areexcellent. I will re-order in 1/2 a smaller size hoping they wont slip-out
B00828VKFQ Runs Big I never actually had a chance to wear the shoe as it was a size to large once I received it. I wear  a 9 ,but the shoe was to big. I could not comfortably walk in it without it coming off my foot. I don't know how comfortable the shoe is but make sure to order it a size smaller than your normal size.
B008B2J96K Small They run smaller than any other Timberlands, my dad's-size is a 10 and had to return these shoes, So you may want to get an extra size
B008ECQ7AI sizeing a bit smaller than other shoes its a realy nice shoe looks pretty gud but am unable to wear it the size r smaller than other sizes so if u wear a 9 I wud advice to get a half size bigger cus I wear size 9 but this shoe was realy squeezeing so I gave it to my lil brother who is realy happy
B008M2YZKY great and great, for what I was looking for.Yes, and anyone who knows timberland will know to order 1 size smaller than their typical shoe for a perfect fit.
B008M2YZKY Nice shoe, a bit large These shoes look great and are fairly comfortable, however they run a bit larger.  With a shoe like this this is primarly worn without socks I would definitely order at least a half size smaller than you would normally.
B008MHR6D2 timberland heritage 2eye boat shoes Please support this brand...great quality. .style..price..worth the buy, pleaese buy half size smaller..if size nine u have to order eight and half..these shoes are really great
B008MHR6D2 I have always liked this brand, but in this case the shoe ran nearly half a size large. I have always liked this brand, but in this case the shoe ran nearly half a size large.  Decided I'd rather live with it than going through the hassle of a return, and quite likely getting a half size smaller that would wind up being too small, and doing it again.  Not sure if I'd buy shoes online again.  The shoes are well-made, though.
B008MHR6D2 Comfortable right out of the box! This is my new favorite pair of shoes.  It didn't take any time to break them in.  They are a little larger, heel to toe, then I expected, but that's only because I usually wear socks with shoes and with these I don't.  A half size smaller would have been too small.
B008N6YJKA Order 1/2 size smaller I usually wear 7 1/2 but after reading reviews I ordered the 7. They are perfect. My feet are a little bit narrow but I usually have to add a pad at the ball of my foot, same here. Sexy, comfortable, modern, well made, a great sandal.
B008N6YJKA Beautiful sandals I got a half size smaller based on the reviews.  They fit perfectly and are very comfortable and great looking!
B008N6YJKA 4 out of 5 for style Lovely, comfortable shoes. I've put about 20miles on them already (I walk everywhere) the tread hasn't worn down at all.They look great with everything, the leather band around the bottom giving them a more sophisticated look than they would otherwise have.That being said - these run at least a half size too big. If you wear an 8, get a 7.5! Don't even consider it, just get a half size smaller.
B008N6YRCK Nice in blue too Took the advice posted elsewhere and ordered a half size smaller than usual. These sandals fit perfectly, look smart and are extremely comfortable. Bought a second colour!
B008VD3M4E Nice shoes... They fit a little large, it feels like they were made for wide feet. Good strong boot but you may want to buy a 1/2 size smaller.
B008VPU0GK A bit too large The pair is a bit too large for a long walk.  Returned it for the exchange to a 1/2 size smaller pair.
B008ZBP7M2 Nice shoes but just smaller than others Very light shoes but just smaller than ECCO and Clarks, you need to choose half size bigger.
B008ZBPGFU great buy for am awesome casual kick. Love these shoes. Maybe should of went a half size smaller. Overall I'm highly satisfied. The are quite comfortable and stylish.
B008ZBPGFU very comfortable fits somewhat large, but the smaller size (because of whole sizes) would've been too small. the back heel when folded down is still surprisingly comfortable. arch is a bit high for me, so i can't be in them for too long.
B0090JZSMW NICE shoes. But don't order your size. Okay, so the shoes are nice and stylish. The light on dark is great and I liked them a lot. The decided on the gray and am looking to get blue next. These shoes are light and comfortable. One problem, they are BIG fitting. DO NOT get your actual size. I read a previous review..very good advice. Boy was he right, LITERALLY get a whole size smaller. I did just a half a size smaller than my actual size and had to return to get another half size smaller to equal a whole size smaller. I thought a whole size would be too small..nope I was wrong. 3 stars for the hassle, the shoes overall are a 4. Hopefully this review will help reinforce the other one and help people from having our same size issues.
B0090JZSMW Buy 1/2 size smaller than normal athletic shoe I really like the style of the shoe. I read other people's reviews that the shoe ran a size too big so I went down a full size. I will be returning and going up half a size. I would suggest getting a 1/2 size smaller than your usual athletic shoe.
B0090JZSMW Great looking shoes but... These shoes are really stylish and classy. The quality is amazing, but they seem to run really big. I wear a size 15 in basketball shoes so I ordered these in a 15 and they are huge! I'd recommend buying these a whole size smaller.
B009JS4RB2 Cut a little small Good product just cut smaller than regular size 8. Had to go up to a size 9. Overall very nice boots for around the camp site.
B009PNJW5C Love it The size is a little large, so buy one size smaller. But for everything else, just amazing. Water proof, check. Warm, check. Durable, check.
B009PNJW5C Not true to size These are not true to size, I listen to these morons comments and bought a half size smaller and in E width, still way too small...
B009PNJW5C Timberland " Helcor" The label says 9.5M.but the size is more like 10. Or  10  1/2Be careful  when buying your size  buy one size smaller.
B009PNJW5C Pretty good shoe, looks cool, feels like a sneeker I ordered wide, but it fit a little snug. My feet are really wide tho. the hole one size smaller thing is true, but it was more like 1/2 a size smaller. They say there mark proof and all that, well maybe its my eyes, but I swear I marked mine from stomping on the toe with my other boot. Kinda a grey area there now.All and all they're nice an comfortable
B00A2WJ8CW Fits large Didn't receive 5 stars because the shoe was incredibly big. Very comfortable, fast shipping, but unfortunately they do not run true to size. Order one size smaller
B00AR58UIC I like I ordered a size smaller than my actual size, and they are still a little big. But I still like them.
B00AR58UIC order a size smaller..runs big They run big. I ordered one size smaller then my son's size. Perfect fit. He loves them!!! The delivery was prompt. Very satisfied mom.
B00AR58UIC thick paper I originally wear shoes two sizes smaller than the size you ordered is my fault.Order one size smaller, but it is right.ButLeather feels very good. Buthin that feeling several sheets of thick paper.But very hard to smooth.I am an adult shoe size is small, but I bought big kid shoes.Small little children's shoes to wear itWill try very hard.If the design is cool.Size, extending the machine plugged into today .. work was put.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful, but... Honestly, I liked my last boots better (Madden Girl). These fit larger than most Timberlands. Wish I'd ordered half a size or a full size smaller than I usually would. They're comfortable, but only after I added inserts, which is annoying. The quality is exceptional, but they're a bit bulky.
B00AW8JG9G Just not for me Fit was smaller than expected. They didn't look as good as I expected. If i were buying them just for riding and stable work, might have been okay,  but I would have needed larger size.
B00AW8K0WI Runs smaller I Bought size 6 and I am usually 5.5 and they fit just right, I am waiting for the snow to try the waterproofing
B00AW8K0WI Elegant but smaller than the usual size I love it.. Very elegant .. However, the size run smaller than my usual one. I always wear 6 but it did not fit me very well. So i order 6.5 and I m waiting it!!  I highly recomend those boots
B00AZPO90W great shoe My husband says they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought him. I ordered a half size smaller because of previous reviews and they were perfect.
B00AZPOIF8 A little smaller Good price - and good work shoes, just run a tad bit smaller - order a size up is my advice
B00AZPOIF8 Great price, lightweight and comfortable. Only downside is that the shoes run a bit large all around.  Should have tried one size smaller, but who knows.
B00AZPPEQ0 Size issue For the size I bought it is a little longer than I expected. I should have opted for a smaller size than my usual size.
B00AZPPEQ0 Larger than other shoes Ordered the 10.5 as that is what I usually wear and that is what the sizing chart recommended but the shoe was a lot bigger. Even putting on thick thermal socks the shoe was at least a half size too big, easily fitting a couple of fingers in the heel behind my foot. Exchanged for a full size smaller and it the length fits better, but my wide feet are snug but not squished with dress socks on.
B00AZPPEQ0 Satisfied buyer This boot is good looking, well made, and comfortable.  Fortunately, I used the advice of other buyers in choosing the size, one number smaller than my normal, and the fit is good.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great shoes The shoes are great quality, Husband loves them.It was recommended that you purchase a whole size smaller than your normal shoe size. I thought I would be safe and go with a half size smaller as recommended by other buyers. Mistake, they are true to shoe size just wider than normal.
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice comfortable shoe/work & casual I was looking for a pair of shoes that I could wear to work & would look good with khakis or jeans-these fit the bill!.  I did follow other reviewers recommendations & bought them a 1/2 size smaller than my actual size.  Glad I did...there is still plenty of &#34;toe room&#34; even with the smaller size.  They are a little narrower fit than my usual shoes...these fit more like a boot than a say, a loafer, but still comfortable after a day of walking around.  Had them for a week now & I would definitely buy them again.
B00AZPPEQ0 These boots are awesome These boots are amazing, they are lightweight and the material is awesome. I would recommend these to anyone. If you are getting these boots I would recommend getting a half size smaller. They tend to run a half size bigger to a full size. e.g( If you are a 11, get a 10.5 size)
B00AZPPEQ0 Very comfy! Very nice looking and comfortable shoes, I bought them to keep my feet warm in winter time and man, it works!I've been wearing them for over a week now and I have no complaints. But be aware, these shoes run about 1/2 or a full size smaller than usual shoes. I'm a size 8 and I ordered a 7.5, they fit good but still have little wiggle room
B00AZPPEQ0 Three Stars You have to order half a size smaller when you order this shoes...
B00AZPPEQ0 Thanks for the advice Am glad to have read the comments that these shoes run large.  Bought a half size smaller than I wear, and it fits perfectly!
B00AZPPEQ0 Very nice shoes, but not true to size These are great shoes for the outdoors and the office when the elements are too much for regular sneakers or dress shoes. However, they run at least a half size large. I would recommend getting them a full size smaller than what you usually wear for sneakers.
B00AZPQV6C Love these shoes Great color, very good fit (choose a size smaller than I would) and everyone complements me i them. Highly recommend.
B00AZPQV6C more like size 12+ Don't understand the sizing on this one.  toe was about 1 1/2 short of the end.  and a smaller size would make the toe box to narrow.  returning asap.
B00AZPS9W6 First time buyer True boot more than loofer/sneaker, satisfied buyer. Size was larger than expected, I suggest buying a half size smaller than regular fit.
B00B7FHBHM Buy waaaayyy smaller than your normal size I'm a 10.5 in most shoes, occasionally a 10.  In this boot a 9 would fit best.However, it is the most amazing thing I have EVER put on my feet.  I settled on a 9.5 after ordering a 10.5 which was way too big on me.  Even a half size big I wear it every day and love it.  The 2&#34; heel makes me stand at 6' tall which is nice, it also holds up while I do professional landscape work.  Feels as solid as a hockey skate, while also being more comfortable than any other shoe I have worn.  Looking at it and wearing it, it wreaks of quality.I highly HIGHLY recommend, but remember that the size runs HUGE.  Order 1 to 1.5 sizes down of your normal sneaker size.
B00B7GRUKY Comfortable Bought the brown pair and liked them so much I bought a tan pair.  Great shoe and for a steel toe it is very light.  I think those who are experiencing the shoe being heavy need a smaller size.  These come about 1/2 size larger than what you wear so order accordingly.
B00B83W7W2 Very comfortable I ordered these for a work shoe as I am on my feet all day and needed not just comfort, but something with good ventilation. I am happy to say they are beyond satisfying in both ways. As well I did read previous review referring to the issue of size seeming to run a bit smaller than usual and did order a half size bigger and agree. I think had I bought regular size they would have been to snug. The ventilation is the best aspect of these in my opinion and as for comfort well that goes unsaid as Timberlands always provide comfort as far as I am concerned
B00B9PIUS4 Nice boots Nice boots, but they run big.  Size wise, I recommend purchasing these a 1/2 size smaller than your normal shoe size - thus the 4 stars...Yes, I recommend buying them.
B00B9PIUS4 Typical timerland fit but with a much nicer look These fit my foot the same as other timberlands (which is that they run large) so I ordered a half size smaller than I wear in any other brand of shoe. Looks wise, they are beautiful and have gotten several compliments on them already!
B00B9PIUS4 satisfied customer Very quality boot. I love them. A little large as anticipated. I bought them a half size smaller than my size but I shouldve gone a whole size smaller. Overall I'm satisfied.
B00B9PIUS4 Great fit I got the shoes 1/2 size smaller and it fits perfectly. I would order the same pair in a different color because I am so happy with my new boots !
B00B9PIUS4 Order a size smaller I ordered a size smaller after reading other reviews. I wear a 10.5 and ordered a 9.5 and they fit right.  I would say the boots run larger.  They fit as expected because of the fact I ordered the boots a size smaller.  UPS didn't get them to me on time.  They were supposed to be delivered by Dec 24 I didn't get them until the 26th. I don't blame the seller,
B00B9PIUS4 Order 1 size down Nice color and really comfortable to wear. Most of the reviews say the boots run big and to order one size smaller. I wear a size 10 but ordered these boots in a size 9 and they fit perfectly.
B00B9PNY3A Very good boots Very good boots, but I have to change for a smaller size, cause these size 8US is larger than other boots I have in the past.
B00B9Q34Y8 Great shoe. These fit about half a size smaller but I ordered the right fit and they are amazing. Took about a week to break in.
B00B9U2C7E Wayyyy too small I ordered these after seeing about 95% people agreeing to buy one size smaller but that was not the case for me. I ordered 1/2 a size smaller than I normally would and my foot wouldn't even fit into the boot. I probably should've ordered a size bigger. They look really nice though.
B00BB7BX66 Should I be worried.. I gave it a 4 star because of the style. I like it.I wear size 7. I read some of the reviews saying when ordering get half size smaller?There is no available smaller size than 7. I already ordered size 7. Should I be worried that my boot would run big?
B00BB7BX66 Way too big Order a size and a half smaller, like all timberland products. Other than that they are good quality and well made
B00BB7BX66 Great Shoe! Comfortable and stylish, I read the reviews before I ordered them and ordered one half size smaller since they run a little big.  I wear inserts and they fit perfectly in the boot, love them!
B00BB7BX66 Comfortable, stylish but try 1 size smaller It is very comfortable and stylish pair of boots. A piece of advise, try 1 size smaller and it will fit perfectly.
B00BB7BX66 Nice boot but order half size smaller Boot was half size too big so I re-ordered another one.  Used a set of superfeet inserts and the boot fits well.  Not too sweaty, either.
B00BB7BX66 little big I probably should've ordered a smaller size but I still felt the product ran somewhat large but hey, what do I know?
B00BB7BX66 Earthkeepers Chukka boot These Timberland boots are an interesting design. The top of the boot is suede and the lower portion is made of thick leather.As with all Timberland boots I have owned, be prepared to order a full size smaller than you normally wear or these boots will end up being to big.
B00BB7BX66 Very good boots After reading in a few reviews that these boots run a little large, I bought the smaller size and I'm glad I did. They do run large, but get buying 1 size smaller paid off as these fit perfectly and I've been wearing them almost everyday in the snow for the past month and so far so good.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots These were great boots but they run smaller in sized then expected.  You may want to purchase a size larger then you usually wear.
B00BCJV7H8 Light weight Based on other reviews I ordered half size up. That was a mistake for me. In the process of exchanging for smaller size. I am used to UGGS. If that's the warmth you are looking for these are not for you. Definitely not as much insulation but I like them enough to try the smaller size. Light weight and comfortable.
B00BCJXLHW Made my feet look GINORMOUS These ran a little big and narrow so I ordered a half size smaller than my normal size and in Wide width. They fit fine but made me look like I had humongous clown feet. I looked downright comical. I wanted to love these: they're constructed nicely and the burgundy is absolutely gorgeous. I'm sad I had to return them.
B00BCJXLHW The run real size not like other reviews says they run small size!! Order the size you normally wear! The boots  are beautiful! But the reviews about size were a bit confusobg , because most of them said the boot ran in biger size therfor i ordered a smaller size than the one i usualy wear and i was wrong. They seem to run true to the siZe so order the size you normally wear. I wear a 7 and oredered a 6 based on reviews and they were too small. I had to give them to a friend .
B00BCJXLHW Not quite the size It seems these shoes rub a little smaller then their size. Purchased them for a present but they turned to be a little smaller then the size stated and not as comfy as expected. Had to return them.
B00E41UQBE these boots are mean!! these boots are mean. very durable and comfortable. i would recommend getting a half size smaller than your usual shoe size. love these boots.
B00I2UWRAG room to spare I should have bought these boots a half size smaller. But over very happy with the boots.. and I will buy another pair
