B000073TM3 Nice boots. My son only wears sneakers. he feels very comfortable wearing sport clothes. I bought this boots to be wear on rainy and snow days. He was reluctant to wear it but once he wore them the first time, now he is wearing them every day.
B00009WM7J Wheat Timbs Very nice boot. Great for waking in the snow and it catches the eye of others when you wear them with the right clothes.
B0000AFSYY Worth the money! With all the snow and school cloosings my son and I headed for the hills to pass the time sledding. He was wearing some velcrow closer snow boots from a large package store. They were totaly useless. Soon as the velcrow gets ice and snow impregenated in it it's useless. After exausting all of our local retailers including Cabelas we decided to spend the extra for these boots. We have not regreated it. With some good wool socks we were able to spend hours and hours outside sledding without any complaints of cold or wet feet. Get yours big enough to accomidate the socks. We went 1/2 size bigger.
B0000AT8CK Best boot I recently bought this boot at a local store due to a sale but I love them so much that i wanted to write a review. I had to buy them 1 whole size smaller then my normal shoe size. I really hope people see this online since it suprised me when at the store when trying them on. But once i put them on i basically havent taken them off. They fit wonderfully and are very very warm. I have been walking through a foot of snow and not any snow got in my boot/ i didnt feel anything. So they really work. They have the ankle support too incase you happen to need that. I plan on wearing these boots for years to come.
B0000DFAXV Great fit. Just finished shoveling snow and my feet are dry.  Great traction. I would recommend these boots.  I got the blue and I love the color.
B0000DFAXV Great shoes for casual and rough wear. I love these shoes!When I first tried them on, I thought they were too big, but relacing them fixed them up and made them fit perfectly. The shoelaces are a bit wiry, but they are good quality and the boot has too many advantages to overshadow that.I've worn them in rain - perfect.Worn them in snow - cold if snow falls into the shoe, but still keeps your feet warm and the snow from going too deep into your shoe. Works perfectly for the snow, especially if you're just going for a walk/hike.I really love the unisex style and feel of these shoes. They're heavy but extremely comfortable.
B0002RDYMC Timberland Quality Never Fails The fit was great and the boots lasted thier time with my rough and rugged little boys. Snow Rain and Mud...
B0007T64VI Boots They are my first pair of hiking boots and I am not totally impressed. I did wear them through snow and slush and they held up perfectly, as in no wet socks. But they are not comfortable. The ankle support is a little too stiff. My inner ankles are red when I take these off, and that's with keeping the laces loose. And the foot bed is loose, I tried on through 3 sizes and the ones that fit in length are too wide. I'm keeping them because I wore them out and cant return them but I will not buy these again.
B000B2HQ5O So cute! My little guy needed a pair of hiking/light snow boots and these do the trick. Great traction and are holding up great So cute! My little guy needed a pair of hiking/light snow boots and these do the trick. Great traction and are holding up great in the mud. He has a strider bike so he goes through shoes pretty quickly. The toe has no visible signs of wear yet and he's worn them three times while riding his bike. These boots are quality and you can tell just by looking at the stitching. The sole is not too stiff and they are a reasonable weight.
B000BB15ZC Looks great but poor traction/grip on snow and ice Appearance-wise, these boots look great (5 stars). However, one of the main reasons I bought these was so I wouldn't constantly be slipping in the snow. They have horrible grip, so take note if that's the reason you're getting these.
B000BB15ZC 2nd Pair These boots are true to size they may seem a little tight at first. But after wearing them a couple time they fit like a glove. They are as comfortable as my New Balance sneakers but my feet don't get wet or cold in the rain and snow.
B000BB15ZC Excellent boots The boots are light and comfortable and with my wicking socks are warm.  They are also nice enough looking and work especially well for slushy snow melt.
B000BB15ZC comfort and gortex made affordable These boots fit like a glove from the start. Light weight and good support. I walk at least two and a half miles per day with them. Good in snow and ice.
B000BB15ZC Great shoe and comfortable. I don't wear boots but with the winter weather I needed something for the snow/slush/ice.  Works well in the snow and keeps feet dry but not much traction on ice but what do you expect on ice.  I use Yaktrax with these and they're great.  A little on the heavy side but overall pretty nice pair of boots.
B000BB15ZC Skeptical, but pleasantly surprised. These are great! I've just broken them in now, and they are doing great. I was skeptical because I haven't bought the brand before, but they totally hold up. I've walked through snow and slush as deep as the boot and it was fully waterproof. The laces are a little short, but are nice. The sole has good grip and is rigid enough to provide support. The toe is pretty hard too.
B000BB15ZC Timberland Men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker, Noir, 13 M US Nice, somewhat light weight Boot with good traction in snow and ice.  Well made and water proof.  Keeps the foot warm and dry. The boot laces could be a little longer when you use all the eyelets in lacing up the boots.
B000BB15ZC Nice Hiking Boot... These fit great, have plenty of grip, are warm and dry in snow...altogether, a great boot.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is because after the first few hikes, the toes are already getting scuffed.  I wish the rubber sole came a little higher over the toe.
B000BB15ZC Awesome! I used this in the winter in the snow and it definitely helped with me not getting my feet wet. However, the boots are pretty heavy.
B000BB15ZC Lightweight Comfort and Traction These boots were comfortable right out of the box. They are very lightweight for their size and very easy to get on and off. When laced to the top, they provide me with good ankle support. The aggressive tread design and rubber sole provide very good traction on snow packed sidewalks and suburban park trails. They don't have much traction on ice (no surprise) but I have ice cleats that I can strap on when needed. So far I've put about 20 miles on them in temps from 15-25 degrees in 3-4 inches of snow and my feet have stayed warm (these boots are not insulated). The EVA insoles are very light and flexible. Because they are so flexible, I tend to feel any rocks hidden under the snow. The soles may not be the right choice for a serious hike on a rock strewn trail. My feet have stayed dry so far, but it's been too cold for any liquid water so I haven't had a good "waterproof" test yet (Note: the top 2 inches of the tongue are not attached to the upper so water deeper than 3-4 inches would get in around the tongue.)Update 02/27/11I now have 100+ miles on these boots and they're holding up well. We had a couple of warm days and most of our snow melted. I've taken them through 2 inches of standing ice cold water on the trails and can now report mine are waterproof as advertised and my feet continue to stay warm and dry.Update 07/11/11I just purchased my second pair of these boots. Exact same reaction as the first time, comfortable right out of the box. I hope they hold up as well as the first pair which have been promoted to work boots for around the yard. If they do, I'll upgrade to ArmorLace boot laces when the original laces wear out:ArmorLace Boot Laces.
B000BB15ZC Wear almost everyday Comfortable right out of the box. Chose the noir color so could wear to work (business / casual) and they blend well with khaki to dress. Keep me dry on the long parking lot walk through snow and now rain. Have been in water up to my ankle and they performed perfectly. Bought a second pair to use hiking or rough-duty. Perform well in mud, snow, loose stones, and dry pavement. Still comfortable with 40# pack on my 240# body.
B000BB15ZC Lightweight but no opportunity to wear yet Bought these boots as a Christmas gift for my son.  He was very pleased with them but he hasn't had the opportunity to wear them yet.  They are lightweight and easy to tie.Update.  They were worn in the snow and ice in the winter of 2013-14.  Kept feet dry and warm.
B000BFIHVS I like it very much Very comfortable and stylish. I recommend these boots for serious hikers. l haven't tried it during a snow storm or extreme cold yet but I suspect it would do fine.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot,Brown,8.5 M These Timberland fit like my normal size. my feet are narrow, not wide and these boots fit as all my other boots / Shoes fit. I walked through some amount of snow and my feet remained dry, thus showing the insulation was good.. i have not walked through large amounts of standing water as yet to put it to the ultimate test... but if the situation comes up i will... if it doesn't work to the hype you'll see another post of this effect. If u don;t see any other post from me ... it means these were great and enough said.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot Very comfortable, no breakin period needed, good from the first day.  Even in the snow it is warmer than I expected.
B000BFIHVS Good Boots I am satisfied with these boots.  I live in canada where we often have to deal with upwards of 20-30 centimeters (8-12 inches) of snow at a time and temperatures as cold as -45 Celsius (-49 F).  They've always kept my feet perfectly dry whether I was walking through snow, puddles, or whatever else.They're also pretty attractive and go reasonably well with a pair of jeans.4 stars because I was expecting them to be a little warmer; I do find that my feet get chilly at times.  All in all a pretty good pair of boots.
B000BFIHVS Great value. I was most impressed that these shoes fit comfortably out of the box. Normally, I go to a shoe store and try on at least 5 or 6 pairs before finding a pair that is reasonably comfortable. I wear orthotic inserts, and there are a variety of brands that do not make for a good combination.I've worn these boots casually and walked various distances in snow and ice, mostly on sidewalks and other hard surfaces. The traction provided was as expected the few times it was necessary for me to shovel the snow in my sloping driveway.  I haven't worn them in extremely wet conditions to test their out-of-the-box ability to remain waterproof. But like any other leather boot, I'd apply Mink oil or some other waterproofing agent if I intended to use them in such an environment. As for keeping my feet warm in winter conditions and not too warm in indoor conditions, I am quite satisfied.I do not purchase shoes often, but it seems that prices for quality shoes have been steadily declining. The price I paid for these seemed very reasonable. I've owned Timberland's before, and hope these live up to the quality I've come to expect.
B000BFIHVS Good but not the quality you expect from Timberland This is a nice pair however they are not too good in keeping your feet warm. If you are walking in snow your feet will feel like freezing. A friend of mine also bought a pair but after a year it was not waterproof anymore.Also, adding a non - slippery feature would be great.
B000BFIHVS So far so good... Haven't worn them in any major rain or snow yet. But do feel real comfortable, not too heavy. No complaints&#8230;so far. LOL
B000BFIHVS Great boots I wore them for 4 days now and really love them.  Great for hiking in hard pack snow.  Good grips and light.
B000BFIHVS Pretty good They are pretty comfortable and are lightweight. I really haven't used them in the cold and snow yet. But I'm happy with the look and feel so far.
B000BFIHVS I love them now this is one of the greatest thing I have bought thru amazon, this boots fit perfectly, the delivery was also great, this boots are so light weight, I can walk for hours in the snow, in the woods, or simply to wear them casually. I most recommend it
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots I bought these for my 21 yo college student in West Virginia. Lots of snow this year. He loved them
B000BFIHVS Good Felt like it was a tiny bit large, but not much. Pretty comfortable. I don't think it's that great as an snow boot though.
B000BFIHVS Hank I was looking for a type of shoe/boot that would be good for our Pa. winters and I found exactly what I was looking for in this boot.  I have developed neurophathy in the last few years and my feet get cold really easy then that equates to pain.  I love these boots for several reasons.  They are comfortable and fit exactly like advertised.  They have great tread and balance so to ve able to handle snow and ice, but yet are fine indoors and outdoors.  Bottom line is they keep my feet warm, which is critical to me.  Boots look great too.  I am extremely pleased with them and recommend them to anyone, especially anyone with foot problems.  Thank you Timberland.
B000BFIHVS Awesome boot for the price! This winter in Chicago has been one of the worst on record and these boots have saved my bacon countless times.  They have great grip on snow and ice and are plenty warm (paired with wool socks).  Other boots I've owned would usually last one season and then start pulling apart at the seams or the lace grommets would start popping off, but not these boots - they are durable!  They are also comfortable enough to wear all day at work - and that is saying something for a 250-pound man on size-9 feet.  I have no doubt that they would be comfortable on a long hike, though I haven't had the opportunity to try it yet.  In my estimation, you won't find a better boot in this price range.
B000BFIHVS Generally a good buy I bought these shoes in the store but I thought I would give my two cents anyways.The shoes fit as expected and are warm and comfortable and, so far, water resistant (I've had them for a month). Obviously if snow gets in through the top your socks will get soaked but if you lace up properly that won't be an issue. I also love the fact that I can wear them to class and they won't get too hot when I'm sitting in the lecture hall. Plus, I think they look really cool but that's entirely subjective.
B000BFIHVS Need time to make the leather smoother Great light shoes and waterproof. I'm using them daily to go to work in this horrible snow weather in Chicago. It's like there is no snow. The only con yet is that even after having used them for a few weeks the leather seems to still be a bit rough and give me blisters.I bought them for hiking but I didn't have the chance to use them in the wilderness yet. I'll update my comment once.
B000BFIHVS This is a nice boot. I love my new boots. they fit comfortable and they look great. No more sliding in the snow as these nice boots cangrip the snow and ice. thank you for these boots. Once again I love these boots and thank you.
B000BFIHVS Very good lightweight boot I have been wearing these boots in various weather conditions and they have really held up well so far. They are lightweight, very comfortable, and have good traction. I have had no issues with my feet getting wet even when wearing in the snow. My feet stay warm as long as I wear good wool socks. I will be buying another pair when these wear out.
B000BFIHVS the only drawback is it makes my feet sweat like crazy but since i bought these for the winter ... the only drawback is it makes my feet sweat like crazy but since i bought these for the winter and snow they did perfectly for that season.
B000BFIHVS Really sturdy and Comfortable I have been wearing these boots for a few weeks now.  I went hiking with them up in Big Bear,CA and they worked great on both dusty, rocky trails and snow covered inclining trails.  I walked through a snow covered slushy field and no water leaks!!  Most important, they are really comfortable.  I prefer them over my sneakers around the house and walking around the neighborhood.  Great price and they look awesome too!!!
B000BFIHVS Great Boots!!! I have a Nike pair of hiking boots that I thought were waterproof, found out the hard way that they were not.  I have had these boots for only 4 days, but each of the 4 days I had to walk through the snow/slush and I was kept dry and warm.  The shoes do come loose, which I think is due to laces and the leather being tough now, it should get better once I broken them in a bit more.They also look good.  I wear inserts on all my shoes, I put in a pair of in-soles from an old Nike running sneakers and it is a lot more comfortable to walk in.  I am so glad that I bought these and they have paid for themselves in the past 4 days.Highly recommended!!!
B000BFIHVS Made it through my first snow storm in these I got these because my last pair of waterproof boots got completely destroyed while working on Sandy relief on Coney Island. We just got our first snow storm of the year here in the Texas Panhandle and these served me well. My feet stayed dry and warm and I didn't go sliding all over the place on icy spots.
B000BFIHVS perfectly water proof and reasonably priced I bought the boots for this winter and they work perfectly, especially when we have snow. I love the shoes
B000BFIHVS They are ok but some problems For some reason these boots make my feet sweat far more than any other pair I own. They are waterproof to a degree but they don't breath at all and after a day at work my socks are wet so it is also sweatproof keeping all the moisture in the boot and it becomes uncomfortable by mid day.I live in Alaska so snow and ice is an everyday event these boots grip well and I have no problem in the snow/ice. They are comfortable for a couple hours but as an all day boot I find them uncomfortable just walking around an office building.I would not purchase again if had to do over.
B000BFIHVS Wonderful boots. We live in the midwest and it gets very cold.  These are great boots for everyday wear as well as out in the snow.
B000BFIHVS What was expecting and quick delivery!!! Exactly what I wanted. I did buy these boots in the past and I was very happy.I couldn't find my size at stores. Amazon delivered perfectly. If you take care the leather part you will have these boots for a good year wearing them almost every day in landscaping and snow business. Soles wear first because probably soft but ceeps your feet comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Excellent fit These are sharp looking boots and will be perfect for the snow and will keep my feet nice and toasty warm.
B000BFIHVS Timberland  Men's White  Ledge Boot, Brown, 9 M The boots were as exactly as expected. They fit perfectly, and they didn't fall apart during the nyc snow storm of 2014.
B000BFIHVS Good boots Really nice boots, they are comfortable and present a cool style. Perfect for weather with snow. recommend to buy it
B000BFIHVS Winter boots My son doesn't likes boots so much but this past winter was kind of harsh and I got him a pair of these boots and he actually wore them and they fit him comfortable enough to wear. He was glad to have them for the remainder of the winter weather we had left. I do recommend these boots because they are strong for winter weather, snow, slush and water you name it they can stand it. Very strong materials and very well made.
B000G1Z9XG Better than expected! I gave this boot five stars because not only was it what I was expecting, but significantly sturdier than I anticipated. The leather responds to moisture well, and break in well. With a pair of wool socks, these keep my feet warm, even tromping around in the snow here in Wisconsin!
B000G1Z9XG These are some nice boots big com fee Nice pair of boots that are good for snow got my boots on time thank you snow storm is coming
B000G1Z9XG Great Boots No complaints about these guys here. Comfortable stylish and even worked great in the snow, no worries with these. Highly Recommended
B000G21BSC Great Fit I have been shoveling a lot of snow this winter and I love these boots.  They are water proof, warm and fit great.  They are exactly how they look in the picture and I am very happy with the boots.
B000G21BSC Good boots, not awesome These boots are reasonably comfortable with good arch support, although they do not especially coddle the feet like another brand I recently bought. They appear to be well-crafted and solidly constructed, albeit a bit stiff which in 4 weeks of almost daily wear has not changed. True to size. Don't buy them for warmth, but it's a hiking boot, not a snow boot. (I bought a half-size up so I could fit 2 pairs of socks.) My main complaint is that the tongue does not lap under the shoe at all, thus ensuring they could not be waterproof when, say, walking through a shallow stream. I've worn them in the snow and rain, though, with no leakage problem. Another reviewer mentioned a gap between the tongue and shoe, but not on my feet; the tongue and shoe just barely, but do, meet. Overall, a decent boot for a decent price, and very good-looking, but nothing to rave about.
B000G21BSC Love the traction I get with these on ice and snow! I bought these as a winter boot for walking and driving.  I like that these are not so bulky that it is hard to drive and the traction is great!  I feel like I have little suction cups on the bottom of my boots.  Before purchasing these I use an add on traction device to take the dog for a walk, now I feel confident with just the boots.  We have had very cold weather, making for very icey conditions, and I haven't slipped once.  They are not the warmest, but I am using these for walking and I ordered them a size larger, so that I can wear a wool sock or neoprene liner and have not been uncomfortable.
B000G21BSC Awesome winter boots They're warm, waterproof, fit snugly enough.  I went with a 7.5 which is my normal size and they're a little big.  I actually like that because I can wear thicker socks with these for warmth and comfort.  Color/style is something to be desired -- not exactly cute -- but I bought these for their functionality.  They've held up really well in snow and trudging through snow uphill to get to work.
B000G23DQK classic tims great for the winter, for work or for metal-head fashion. i'm using it for all 3. when you look inside these things, you see why it's famous for being waterproof. the traction is also great for ice/snow. definitely get at least a half-size larger (like most have suggested). i walk/bike to work almost daily and so will be looking forward to the colder months as i blast danzig on my ipod and trudge through the elements with a cigarillo between my lips. just as god intended.**update** 7/2011after a cold, hard winter in the northeast, these boots were my right-hand man walking the half-mile to work. braving through snow, ice and working with concrete/pebbles, the leather is barely even scuffed after 8+ mos. along with my seirus fleece mask & my ipod, i was virtually strolling in the bitter cold. btw, danzig or metallica is a necessary companion for winter walking. after my al capone cigarillos were all gone and march came, i was still wearing these timberlands to work and even pedaling my mtb with them as they had long been broken in. NOTE: orange-ish inside lining & some of the inside black leather may rub off. be prepared to stain white socks or wear thick/wool socks for colder seasons. as of july, they're as comfortable to walk in as sneakers (i constantly walk on concrete slabs 8 hrs a day) if you throw in some dr. scholl's gels.if you can find these for less than 90 or even a C note, get them! my premium black leathers came out to just over 70 on amazon last october. although even at 100, they're worth it.
B000G23DQK Nice boot! Purchased these to travel back east for the holidays where there is snow on the ground, and temperatures are in the 20's. These did the trick and look very stylish under a pair of jeans.This is my 5th pair of Timberland boots and I've never been disappointed.
B000G23DQK Survival of the Fittest I purchased these boots so that I could survive the snow appocalyse of 2010. I especially liked that the boots were water proof so when I walked through the two feet of snow to get to work my doggies were bone dry. My only negative comment is the price. No one should pay over a 100 bucks for a pair of winter boots.
B000G23DQK Quality boot but runs a little large I got them mostly for the waterproof factor for winter.  They were a little large on me.  Perhaps a 1/2 inch...  but it's not horrible and something I could live with.  When I got them I immediately tossed them on and went outside to shovel snow.  They maintained their waterproof integrity well while I was stomping around in foot tall mounds of snow.  In my old timberland's, my feet would have been soaking we and cold by the time I was done... My feet were comfortably dry when I finished.  I'd recommend them but strongly suggest you consider thinking about how they run a little large.
B000G23DQK Great boots! Buy! WATERPROOF good traction These boots are great in the Mass. winter! They are a must for walking through snow, and on ice. These boots have become a fashion accessory for boys. I bought them for my son and he loves them! They are great for the cold also the leather insulates very nicely. They also have a lot of SWAG! Great buy! Good colors are available. THE SIZES RUN SMALL!
B000G23DQK Bought for work.... I got theses on sale for $50. When they arrived I realized they are way too nice for work. I wear them shopping, and shoveling snow. They are very warm, and waterproof, plus they look great.
B000G23DQK Great boots overall. I recently bought these boots from Amazon(I got a sale price of $96 dollars down from the $180), and after a speedy delivery, they arrived. At first the leather was a bit stiff, but after a day of wearing them with the top two laces undone(advice from another reviewer), it was already broken in. Now(a few days after I got them), they are very comfortable and they seem to be warm when it is cold, but they didn't get really hot even when it warmed up to 90+ F. I have not had the chance to test them in rain or snow yet, but they look quite waterproof, and I'm hoping they will perform well. I might update this review later if I get a chance to test them in rain and snow or if anything goes wrong. As for the sizing(many people said order a full size below your size), I did not find this a problem. I ordered my normal show size and the fit perfectly. Maybe it varies by size or something. Anyway, great boots, worth the $96 I paid for them.
B000G2419S New Favorite Boots!! Good for snow and rain! Very sturdy and have had no issues with them. Takes a little time to get used to how heavy it is and the time it takes to lace it up, but totally worth it!
B000QW02F0 great boots to work ouside in the snow I chose this shoes because most of it is rubber.which is good for me because I'm out side shoveling snow and it keeping my feet dry
B000VIAOJ8 Excelent Very well constructed but a little heavy for kids. Anyways, excelente choice, we will try them soon on water and snow to see how warm mi child's feet remain.
B000VIAOMU Toddler Timberland Hiking Boot These little boots are very nice! They are not very flexible, but they do look great and my 19 month old grandson seems to be comfortable in them walking in them. We have not had the snow we had hoped for so he has not been out in the snow in them so can't vouch for the waterproof claim.
B000VIAOMU Great boot for my active 2 year old. My son has worn this boot a couple of times and while he was not sold on it the first time we tried it on, he appears to be very comfortable in them already. I bought these for the winter weather to keep his feet warm when we're not playing in the snow.
B000VIAOMU Great for school age kids Purchased for my preschooler, they are waterproof and warm but can be warn all day without interfering with school activities or making his feet overly hot and sweaty. A great alternative to having to put heavy snow boots on and then change your child into sneakers once they are at school.
B000VIDXE6 Nice boot I bought this for myself (female) and not for a child.  In woman's footwear I am a size 8 which computes out to a size 6 1/2 in mens/boys.  The fit is a little on the large size.  I bought these last year and never got to use them through any major snow.  This year they are getting a workout.  They have kept my feet dry.  I know these are advertised as a hiking boot but I use them on my feet to shovel snow.  They don't keep my feet warm but I guess as a hiking boot they are not meant to.  They are a little slippery on ice.  All in all I would recommend these and I do like them.
B000VII8CS THIS ARE COMFY CUTE AND WARM ,BUT WHEN YOUT AT THE PARK IN THE SNOW FOR 1-2 HOURS SOCKS WILL GET A LITTLE  WET ,I STILL WOULD RECOMEND IT ,MAYBE IF YOU SPRAY THE SHOES WITHE WATER RESISTANT  THEY WONT GET WET
B000VQ9QKS Good boots I do recommend these boots; I ordered up 1/2 size, and they fit perfectly.  They just arrived today, and I've been wearing them around the house, and I also went outside to shovel a little bit of snow.  Here's why I say four stars instead of five:  the laces simply will not stay tied!  I have to double-tie them, and even then sometimes they wriggle loose.  I can't comment yet on whether they are waterproof or how they will do when I'm out walking with my dog on varied terrain, but the laces are an irritant, for sure.  They are very comfortable; I just wish the laces didn't come untied!
B000VQ9QKS very comfortable boots I was surprised at how light these boots were. When the package arrived (a day earlier than expected) I immediately put them on. They are very comfortable. I like the ankle support. I haven't had any water issues walking in snow and slush. They also have very good traction. I will definately purchase again!
B000VQ9QKS warm and dry boots.  Excellent and comfortable. I have already had these boots through deep snow, mud, water, you name it.  Never did my feet get wet.  But they also don't get sweaty or rub anywhere they shouldn't.  They also give great traction in poor weather.
B000VQBPOS Great value These boots are very comfortable, waterproof and a great value.  Worn with dress slacks during the winter snow storms they complement a professional look.
B000VQDM6W A Great Pair of Winter Boots These are great, bought them about 4 years ago and I still break them out every winter.  A little difficult to put on with all the lacing, but super comfortable, super warm, and super stylish.  Have even worn them in the snow and my feet did not get wet!
B000VX03GC Great Boots I've used these boots a few times now, once while snowshoeing and once while camping during the summer.  When snowshoeing my feet were completely dry and we ventured through some pretty deep snow for about 4 hours.  Camping they just provide great support and traction venturing around the woods.  They are a bit heavy, but you're not exactly buying running shoes here.  My 13 Wides fit awesome and I would certainly recommend this product.
B000VX03GC good boots I've had these boots a little over a month now and they are very comfortable and waterproof.  I have worn them in snow and slush and my feet have stayed warm and dry. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that the left boot has started to squeak when I walk and it is annoying. I hope the squeak goes away as I like the boots very much.
B000VX03GC good for hiking and cold weather these are excellent boots for moderate to heavy duty hiking, have made several hikes in deep snow in Northern Illinois in winter and they have surpassed my expectations!!
B000VX03GC Great boots I'm a big fan of Timberland anyway, but bought my son a pair of these after he complained of the amount of snow they were getting in Johnson City, TN this year.  He immediately called me after a day and said he was intentionally walking through puddles and snow because he could!  I bought myself a pair and couldn't be more happy.  I wear them all the time, although if the temp is more than 60 they do get hot.  I was caught in a 5 inch snow storm in south Alabama recently at my farm.  I only had these boots to do my work in and my feet were never wet.  I would absolutely recommend these for almost any outdoor activity.  Also with just a little bit of cleaner and restorer they look like new!
B000VX03GC very good in snow Got these boots for my husband about two months ago.  We have had snow storms every week for the past two months, he has been wearing them to shovel the driveway, clean the cars and for all other things.  so far they are great.  we are very happy with the purchase
B000VX03GC Great in the snow! This hiking boot is very comfortable!  The vibram sole is soft enough to give one sure footing on ice and snow.  I wore them for several hours with a pair of wool hiking socks in 15 degree temps in the snow,  and my feet stayed dry the entire time--clearly a waterproof boot.  Light weight, great fitting and an overall outstanding boot!
B000VX03GC Order up a size I took the advice of some other reviewers and ordered up a size which worked out. Great price for a Gore Tex boot. I like the tread because it seems to give good grip on ice and snow. I'm still getting used to the waterproof part which seems different than rubber bottoms like you find on LL Bean boots.
B000VX03GC Great boots!! I wore my new Timberland Men's Chocurua Trail Boots on ice/snow while walking my hunting dogs yesterday for the first time.  They were comfortable and performed perfectly.  I couldn't be happier!!!
B000VX03WQ Excellent boots. Right price,right size,good performance.It is the right time to wear this kind of boots in this snow weather. What else you want.
B000VX04DO Great Very comfortable boots. I wear them for dates, travels... And they are very warm..so they are good for the snow...the price was good so im really happy about them
B000VX04DO I love my Timbs! I've always liked how Timberland boots feel. They are sturdy and soft at the same time. Ideal for any weather condition. I broke mine out to the blizzard in New York and it handled the snow and slush that followed after beautifully. I would recommend these to anybody looking for an all condition pair of shoes.Keep in mind nubuck can get scratches easily, but it is so beautiful to look at. The black leather is also a nice choice because it can look classy. I've tried wearing it with a dress shirt and it works well, especially when you need to walk in snow!Don't think twice when buying these!
B000VX04PC Decent boots I've had these for over three years, basically for winter time and when shoveling snow,  it takes some time o break them in, but once you do it's comfortable. As for cleaning any boot cleaner will do, in order to remove salt and dirt. I also purchase replacement boot laces because I do not like the ones they come with, usually you can find the laces at your local sporting goods store for like two dollars.
B000XEACHO Good boots I ordered these boots for my husband to wear to work. He reports that they fit well and are comfortable. He's still breaking them in so right now try rub a bit around the ankles. Not sure yet how well the waterproofing works; he'll find out this winter when he does projects in the snow.
B000XEAKWG GREAT BOOT FOR THE PRICE, QUALITY WAS EXCELLENT.  USED FOR 3 DAYS OF BAD WEATHER,RAIN,SNOW,ICE.  USED TO SHOVEL SNOW FOR 3 DAYS STRAIGHT. ONE PAIR OF SOCKS USED AND BOOTS WERE WAR AND TOTALLY DRY OF THE INSIDE. SALT JUST WIPED OFF. GREAT BOOT
B000XEAMXS Not Recommended for Industrial Work I work for a logistics company and these boots go through quite a bit of wear and tear. However, these boots don't typically hold up that well. They scuff very, very, very easily and are incredibly slick in snow and ice. My job requires me to venture outside and I have  had some incredibly close calls when it comes to trekking through the snow. The boot doesn't do a great job of keeping my feet warm with these harsh Indianapolis winters. At $75, it was a bargain and if you're not outside and doing industrial work, I'm sure it's the perfect boot, in my case, however I should have done more research.
B000XEBTHG Surprisingly Comfortable 8" Boot! I bought these boots for keeping my feet dry and warm when I need to clear the driveway in the Winter.  They are made like tanks and look great.  The interior is nicely lined and super insulated.  The boots do a great job of keeping your feet warm without causing them to sweat.  One of the best features is the design of the opening to slide your foot in.  It's a big wide opening allowing your foot to easily get into this 8" high boot without too much pulling.  It does all this with just one eyelet needing the laces to be pulled over. The interior is both comfortable and smooth and the boot is also quite flexible thus needing very little breaking in.  While these heavy duty Timberland Pro Series boots are not exactly lightweight, I was surprised that they were not heavier, particularly since they have steel toes.  The aggressive Pro Ice Trax soles can tackle almost any kind of snow and frost, though you should always be careful, especially on ice! Since these boots are high end and made by Timberland, I thought they might be made in the good old USA.  Finding the country of origin tag was quite difficult which made me hopeful.  No such luck. I found the "made in China" tag sewn into the right of each tongue.  What do we make in the US anymore? I still love these boots and highly recommend them.
B000XEBX4K Great boots They get the job done. Warm, waterproof, and comfortable. These boots are good outside in the snow and ice, and they can be worn with jeans. They run big, but wear some hiking socks and you're good.
B000XEBX4K Amazing I ordered these in 2010, it is now 4 years later, and they are still in great condition and working great for my winter time use.  I use them in Chicago almost 5-7 days /week when there is snow or still slush or wetness on the ground.  I even used them during the 2013/2014 brutal Chicago Winter. Chicago Weather set records for how many days below 0, and amount of snow fall, etc...  Nevertheless, I felt very warm and comfortable in any conditions outdoors in Chicago.  To sum it up, these boots are very warm, durable, look great, and last long.
B000XEH2JA Not Much To The Boot It rained cats and dogs in NYC when my boots arrived so they came at the right time. First off the boots are comfortable. They are not waterproof or water resistant. Walking through puddles my feet got wet. My feet also got cold, the boots aren't well insulated. The grommets on top of the boot where you tie the laces don't hold the laces. The laces kept slipping off the grommets.  I intended to use these boots for the snow. I'm sure that they will do better as snow boots. I just hope that they hold up and don't break after a few months like my $40.00 Payless boots did.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Pro I like these boots. but they are dangerous on ICE, no grip at all. Also the speed laces are dangerous, your bow tie on one boot can get caught on the speed lace of the other boot, trip you to the ground, this happened to me on a busy street corner with a truck turning in my path as I tripped hitting the ground. That nite I used channel locks to smash down the speed laces and don't use them any more till spring when the snow and ice are gone. Not for snow and ice !!!
B000XEH2JA Fantastic boots We order these boots once a year.  He beats the hell out of them, rain snow, hot pavement in and out of trucks.  Lightweight solid protection and his feet are dry and comfy.
B000XEJ3HO Comfortable Waterproof Boots The boots arrived on the day promised and fit properly right out of the box.  They felt tight while I was putting them on my feet, but once on, they fit perfectly.  The first time I wore them at work my feet did not get sore or tired even though I was standing or walking in them for more than 6 hours straight.  I think these boots are well worth the money I spent on them. In fact, I am wearing them today because we got snow this morning and the ground, streets and sidewalks are wet or have snow on them.
B000XEJ9V4 Great boots! Good quality boots. They fit well, nice and tight up top for ankle support. They keep my feet very warm. We have had snow and some really cold day lately and my feet have been the warmest part on my body thank to these boots. Very happy!
B000XEJ9V4 Very nice boots It was a good timing in Chicago since we got tons of snow 2 days after the delivery to my home.I wear the pair mostly for snow shoveling.  It's warm enough to serve my purpose.I am not a heavy user of the boots and I cannot say much beyond my casual usage.I don't call them stylish.  Probably they meant to be working boots.I ordered the W option due to my wide feet.  It would be nicer if the boots (with the W designation) were a litter wider.I paid $65 including shipping in November, 2009 and I should not complain.
B000XEKCRE Timberland Pro Mens 11.5M The boots fit my narrow feet (size 11.5 B) very well.  This boot was recommended for a narrower foot and indeed, they fit my feet perfectly.  I do not really see how a wide normal or wide foot would fit in this boot.I love the high tie-up too because it provides a great amount of support around my ankles.  The soles have a shallow tread and I would have liked the tread to be deeper.  But they will meet my needs.  They provide really no traction in snow and ice which is to be expected, but again, I think a deeper tread would help.  I need to get them on the trails in the woods and see how the work there.  Note these do not have any insulation so you need to plan to wear warm socks.  I find my toes have plenty of room which is great for circulation to keep my feet warm in the snow.  I have used them twice so far with snowshoes and they work great for this application.
B000XEKHOC blahhh Was not how i expected it to be. it was not too comfortable and i slipped a lot in the snow.
B000XEKHOC Good so far Fit is fine. No complaints.  Haven't tried them in the snow yet. I'm not sure about the warmth or water resistance. I work outside all year. I will find out soon.
B000XEKHOC Great Boots!!!! This is my Second pair of these Boots,and they are very Comfortable....I wear them in work ..I am a Firefighter and these Boots are Great in the rain and a little Snow...
B000XEKHOC These boots are doing the job! I've used these boots in the ice, snow, and slush this winter, and they are doing it for me.  My feet are warm, they are not getting wet, and the boots are still looking good.  In fact, they look so good, I can wear them at work.  Okay, so it's not as if they're dress shoes, but the fact that they're black definitely detracts attention from them.The boots are also plenty comfortable.  They didn't have to be broken in at all - they were good to go right out of the box.Since these are Timberlands, I expect to have them a good long time.  We'll see!
B000XEKHOC Built to last. These are well made Timberland boots, These boots give you a great Comfort. Specially if you're walking in rain or snow They give you great traction" like a 4 x 4 on my feet. I highly recommend them.
B000XEKHOC Good boot Worth the price. Can be better while walking on snow and ice. Better traction would be appreciated. Compfortable and warm.
B000XEKIUK Very Comfortable I bought these to combat the snow up at school, and they have done just that. I have never felt the cold or the wetness of snow when wearing these boots. The steel toe is a perfect fit to the point where you can't really feel it in the shoe. They are very comfortable and have good support.
B000XEKIUK Not As Advertised This boot is not as advertised. It is neither waterproof or warm.  If you are looking for a boot to work outside on the job in the snow or cold, this is the not boot to buy.  I am building a house in CO and after a few hours  in a couple of inches of snow, despite thick work socks, my feet are cold and wet. After 8 hours of temperature in the teens, my feet are in danger of frostbite.  Unfortunately, I did not find this out until it was too late to return them.
B000XEKIUK Timberlands Rule You get what you pay for. Timberlands are not cheap.....although the prices at Amazon are super.....but you are getting a real quality item. They are well made, heavy duty, yet comfortable and fit great. These boots are stylish and will really earn their keep this winter. As you know.....New England winters can be harsh. These boots will endure rain, snow, sleet and slush. They will be worn for 11 hour days and will come back for more. These boots will stay dry and will break in to be even more comfortable than when they first arrived. I love Timberlands and I love Amazon!
B000XEKIUK Great just what i wanted. perfect for snow and keeps your feet very warm in cold conditions. materials are quality works
B000XEKK94 Nice Boots! Feels great right out of the box, you can power through snow like it isn't a problem.  They also keep pretty warm but once they get cold it takes a while for them to heat up again.
B000XEKK94 Great boots, even in snow! Bought these on a whim because my feet get extremely cold at work. Ended up using these instead of my Sorel boots to do shoveling! Love them. Very warm and very durable.
B000XEKK94 Have become my favorite shoes The only reason I look forward to winter is to wear these boots.  They are so comfy, and I feel like i can walk on the snow and ice with no problem and no slipping or sliding.  I'm not using them for construction or anything besides shoveling outside and walking around the city, but couldn't be happier with this purchase.
B000XELF3O Great They looks nice and are very comfortable.  I used these as my winter boots when there is a lot of snow.
B000XELF3O Great daily boots I wear these boots every day, I am from up North and have a snow shoveling job and they kept my feet dry even though that isn't their primary purpose. I wear them also in the summer at my Maintenance and Grounds job. Super comfortable just make sure you get the right size, they run a little big plus they can stretch like all leather shoes. Great boots!
B000XELF3O Still holding up. Love this boots..little to no time to break in...I have used them on my snow trip to Scotland, and now back in Singapore, with the humidity and all, im still using it daily for work and it still holds up well...go get em!
B000XELF3O Great Boots I have used this model of boot for 8 yrs. I work in the automotive towing industry. Great to oil and acid resistance. My last pair lasted 3 yrs and that is wearing these boots 360 days a year about 18 hr. Days. The boots do have little reflective around edges of soles to big plus for me at night on the highway. Very comfortable as well. Winter time in snow the boots get good traction and stay warm and dry. Thanks for a great boot.
B000XELF3O most comfortable boot ive ever owned I was glad to have chosen this boot. it has already lasted longer than most boots that i would pickup at the retail stores for the same price or less...which isnt long. im on my feet for most of my shift in ice, snow, rain, heat you name it. good boots are the most vital peace of equipment you need. dont cheap out here.
B000XETJU0 Great Great boot and fits to size. I live in Illinois and were having tundra like weather and these things keep me warm and keep snow out.
B000XF4D1Y Nice Needed a pair of outdoor shoes with aggressive soles for hiking and walking/working in snow plus comfortable all day on concrete.These I believe were the cheapest style available that met the above requirements and were Timberland PRO's; given I had another pair of PRO's that I was very pleased with but had soles not suitable for general outdoor use.Right out of the box I used them for a 3-hour hike in snow/ice pack without any break-in and was truly impressed. I have now worn them for 4 weeks and still satisfied. Given we have had one hard winter thus far.Do note the tread is not a deep tread, thus it releases snow/mud much easier than say, Vibram soles meaning less is tracked indoors. Probably not for the serious hiker but perfect for a general outdoor wear.
B000XR2GN4 Snug, comfortable, lacks cushion I really like these boots. I wear them often and in all types of weather. They won't save you from slipping on ice or snow, but will keep them warm enough for short periods. I walk in them much of the day, and while they break in quickly I still find myself wishing there was more cushioning. A thick pair of socks makes it much better though.
B000XR2GN4 Moderate comfort and no traction I liked the look for the timberland boot but I ultimately had to return them. I was looking for a boot to wear in the winter with snow in ice up here in MN. First step I took outside I had way to much confidence in the boots; there was no traction on the driveway ice. The traction was also bad on smooth surfaces like the garage.
B000XR2W1U A Great Value I am going on a foreign Habitat for Humanity Build. I have never needed safety toes before. Most in women's sizes are SO ugly.These are almost stylish, and since they are black leather (as opposed to tan suede) I anticipate that they can be polished and stay that way. I am breaking them in by wearing them in the snow and ice - very warm, stable and good grip.
B000XRBAAE Great work boots I have had these boots for about 1 year now and I still love them!  I work on a horse farm and they have held up beautifully through snow, mud, dirt, sand and countless miles of walking.  They are very comfortable even for long days on your feet.  In the winter I wear them with thick cold-weather socks and my feet stay warm even through the coldest weather here in upstate New York.I would not hesitate to get another pair of these boots.
B000XXGMRO LOVE.. Best all purpose boots in this price range These are the most comfortable Timberland boots I have ever owned.  They have a soft, broken in feel right from day one.  The lug sole is grippy and sure footed in snow, rain, and mud.  The waterproof leather is great.  I used these for a hike through a snow covered trail a few weeks ago and my feet stayed dry the whole time.  The only thing that could improve this boot would be a closed tongue.  That would increase it's water resistance.  I really have no complaints though.  You can tell the quality is there from the first time you put them on.Fit: Average to large for the size but this is normal for Timberland.  I always buy Timberlands a half size down.
B000XXGMRO Excellent boots! I bought these to wear casually in the Northeast Fall, Winter and Spring months, and also to double as snow boots. As it happens, they are perfect for both occasions. They do run large, so order a size smaller than your normal shoe size. Also, buy water proof spray and spray them down well before you wear them and they will be well suited for snow and ice.
B000XXGMRO Very comfortable, in all regards. I spent January to April in Moscow, Russia.  Right before going, my wife convinced me that I needed a pair a boots.  Despite some of the, perhaps, negative reviews, we decided on these.  They were perfect.They, as all the other reviews say, run a touch big.  But that was perfect for wearing heavy wool socks (plus my feet are a little wide).  Of course, by themselves, they would have been cold... But for this trip (mind you we were outside for extended periods of time in weather around -10 F), they were perfect.My feet never got wet in either the snow or the spring slush.Of course, the bottoms were a touch slippery on the ice... But that is because ice is slippery... I don't know what else you would expect.  I wore them almost every day and they show almost no signs of wear.I was very impressed and would recommend these boots as a great winter/spring boot.  We'll see how they hold up this summer hiking.
B000XXGMRO Great boots, with great versatility I bought them for Christmas and took them with me to a sky trip to the French Pyrenees. They are great for the snow, have a good grip and are very resistant to the wetness of the snow. I also used them in the city and they looked great. The only minus they have is that they are not waterproof and not very warm (for the snow you have to wear a good pair of socks).
B000XXGMRO Good everyday boot for most occasions These boots run a size larger as others noted so order accordingly, but they are comfortable right out of the box. I waterproofed them right away (SNO-SEAL) and have been wearing them everyday for the last 2 weeks in rain and snow, my feet have stayed dry and comfortable. Note: these boots have minimal insulating properties (outer leather and a thin nylon lining) so in colder climates you may need thicker wool socks. Overall very happy with the purchase of these boots, they are great for casual dress.
B000XXGMRO Nice pair of boots! To clarify, these are not my old boots (insulated Sears Diehard) but those were purchased for Winters in Ohio. In California elements are not as severe so insulation not required. That said, these boots are well constructed, comfortable (for boots) and flexible when walking. The sole and heel have a non-slip design for mud and snow etc, but no real thermal qualities! Not steel toed so don't try it! These are perfect boots for CA--just need thicker socks for trips to the snow but provide great protection otherwise! Kudos
B000XXGMRO efficient and good looking boot I live in Cleveland where the snow is everywhere. and This boot is exactly what I was looking for. Not to heavy on your feet + looks good + efficient for the snow.
B000XXGMRO Great boot but not exactly a snow boot. I followed the suggestion of some of the reviews I read before purchasing. I got a half size smaller, I'm usually a size 11 and I got a 10.5. They fit very well on my wide food. Great amount of toe room. The boots are waterproof as advertised. I was a little hesitant thinking that they weren't but thankfully they are.But they are not a snow boot. There is not real insulation within the boot. I have been wearing them around Philadelphia during a record 14 inch snow storm and temperatures between -15 and 20 and my feet are a little bit cold but I picked up some nice wool socks. Hiking wool socks probably the best choice.
B000XXGMRO Comfortable and wear almost daily! I bought these for my son, who goes to college in an area that gets snow and is cold in winter. He is very happy with the comfort and warmth of these Timberlands as he walks around campus!
B000XXGMRO Good boots These have become my all-purpose (cold-weather, wet-weather, snow-weather) boots.  They look great and the materials are top notch.The fit was as expected, based on the reviews I read here.  I normally wear size 11, so downsized to a 10.5.  Perfect for me.
B001701WBI Form and Function These shoes look good enough to wear to the office and have the traction to get you through snow and slush without sliding. I also discovered they are water tight when I accidentally stepped in water that came up almost to the laces. I highly recommend these shoes. They did run just a little big, so keep that in mind when choosing size.
B0017027KI One of the best boots I've ever owned These boots were a breeze to wear right out of the box. There was hardly any 'break-in' period needed (for the light use that I use them for). They are comfortable and after shoveling all the snow from my drive they have kept my feet warm and *dry* - which was what I bought them for. Easy to get on and off and they look good.The bottom waffle is the only thing I have a slight problem with. Parts of the pattern on the bottom of the boot stick out and snow and salt can easily get stuck between these nubs. Best take these boots off in the mud room or in the garage before tracking all manner of debris through the house.I would definitely wear these to hiking through rougher terrain and while camping.
B001704YR2 Timberland Men's Earthkeeper Oxford I love these shoes.  They are stylish but very ruggeted at the same time.  I've worn them in rain and snow with no problem.  They clean up easily and are suitable for almost any casual occassion.
B0017070EG The hiking boots in the world The Timberland Men's Hypertrail leather mid Hiker are the best hiking boots me and my husband have ever used.I bought both us a pair and we have used them to climb mountains and to take our daily walks with our dogs and being that we live in Iceland I love the fact that my feet always stay warm and dry when using these hiking boots no matter weather its rain or snow.We have used them for at least 5 years and there is probaly another 5 left .
B001760K56 Great price, quality, fit Quick Delivery! Ordered the boots in brown on Tuesday and received delivery by Friday using the Amazon free shipping.My shoe size is 8.5 and the 9 fit perfect with a bit of room for warm socks.At 5'8" the boots come just below my knees.The heel height and sole traction are both great features for snow.Comfortable for average size calfs but those with large calfs may find it a bit snug.Price, color, comfort and quality did not disappoint. I can hardly wait for the cold weather to wear them. Hope I am still pleased by the end of winter!
B001760K56 Love 'em I wasn't so sure about these boots when I got them as they were a bit too pointy. I tried them on and walked around the house with them and was going to return them but waited a few days and put them on again and I haven't taken them off since. I got an 8, as I'm an 8 and they fit like a glove although they were tight at first. They have been worn all through the snow for 5 days, and my feet have stayed dry, and kept a nice temp. not too hot nor cold. I have gotten so many complements about them, as they are pretty hard to miss, especially with leggings. They will last for many years and I can say right now that they are getting better looking with age!! BUY THEM
B001760K56 still going strong.. I bought these in 2010 winter. Have worn them full time in Philly winters. They are super comfy, very soft and I am able to wear them on my jeans. I wanted something comfortable for my long city walks in snow and I am totally satisfied. They hold you very well even on slippery ice. Have used them for more than 2 years now and they are still in great shape. The only tiny complain is that they are not very feminine looking. But I still love them :)
B001760K56 Great boot Fits perfectly, love the fact that they are waterproof, wore them in the snow last night, and that are warm and non slip. They also look fab!
B001760K56 Well worth the $$$ These boots are perfect. Comfortable, water resistant, leather, even with the heel, they make you feel like walking on air ... This is my second pair; I use one to bop around and the other to shovel snow... Yes shovel snow. Perfect, almost flat everyday boot with an edge. Well worth the money...
B001760QX2 Great Choice! I am very pleased with this pair of riding boots. Although this was not the color I originally wanted, I am quite pleased over all. The shoes are very comfortable (I have flat feet),and I am able to fit wide-leg jeans inside. The tread on the sole also adds some stability in snow - but not ice. I was concerned about looking too casual with a flat boot, however; this style lends itself to dressing for comfort without sacrificing style.
B0019QW9A8 good quality I order these boots for my two sons 4 and 6.  The order was shipped very fast. They came just n time because that night it began to snow.My sons got the chance to test the boots out. The boots kept their feet dry, warm , and their feet comfortable. It also held up well in the snow. Buy these boots . Timberland is one of the leading boot companies in the world. You wont regret it
B0019QW9OE Timberland Little Kid Olso Express Fauna Black Boot I bought this boot for my daughter during the snow storm 2010 east coast.  The shipping was great, very quick. Of course the quality of the boots is great it is Timberland, I expect nothing less than that. My daughter hasn't had any problems getting the boots off or on and they stay on her feet while wearing them.
B0019QW9OE Slippery Soles Bought these size 4 little darlings since my little girl was walking at an early age and we wanted her to be able to enjoy winter. They are super cute and fit her feet, yet when we got her outside and in the snow she was slipping and sliding all over, especially when on the concrete and there was no ice to slip and slide on. Feel as if I wasted my money on these. Would return them if I thought it was worth the hassle. Will be buying the cheaper versions from now on since she will hopefully fit into a size 5 next year.
B0019QWG2O No complaints so far from our twins! We ordered a red pair and a blue pair for our 4 year old twins and so far, they love them and so do we...The boys can very easily put these on by themselves which is extremely important.  These are also very warm and seem to be waterproof as well.  The best part is that they are not bulky like most boots so the boys don't have a problem getting their snow pants down around them.  We will definitely be buying these again when they grow out of them.I was a little worried about how they looked when we ordered them because they look a little odd shaped in the picture and to be honest, they are, but definitely not as bad as they look in the picture but I quickly realized that this is to our advantage because as I said, they are not bulky which allows the boys to easily pull their snow pants down around them.
B0019R15RA Very comfortable I bought these boots for my 4 year old and they are wonderful.  Living in New England and getting so much snow and cold, these boots have kept her feet warm, allowed some traction to walk in snow and on ice, and are very stylish.  I would buy them again.
B0019R364U Lets snow in This boot is cute for a warm boot, and good quality, but Timberland skimped by not adding a gusseted tongue.  From the photo it appears that you could walk in snow up to the top of the boot, but, in fact, it is only functional in snow up to the bottom of the laces. This really limits the practicality for kids. Disappointing.
B0019R3974 Great Buy! I love these boots! We recently had a snow storm and my son wore these outside to play in 6in of snow. His feet were bone dry and warm when he came inside. I got them a size bigger so he can wear them next year, but it looks like he'll be get good use out of these for a few years. They are definitely worth it!
B001ABTE7S Great all around boots. I gave these a five star based on price and performance.  I purchased these boots for about 50% off at 50 dollars.  They have served well in the snow- waterproof and warm.  I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available.  As a workboot, the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole.  Overall a great shoe.
B001AMMM58 Nice winter boot Great boot for the ice and snow ! Not that sexy but it serves the purpose
B001AQUBRU Great Boots!! I love these! They're so cute and so warm! The only thing that I would mention is that they need a little time to wear-in, getting your foot through the ankle part of the boot is a challenge at first! But they wear in after a few times and then fit perfect! Worked great in a snow storm, water leaked through when a huge blob of slush hit my foot up top, but that was unexpected and to no fault of the boot!
B001B7FP60 Love them! They fit perfect! They're great in the snow. Good tread and comfortable. Will definitely get good use out of them during this winter.
B001B7FP60 Great Snow Boots These boots are great!  I looked everywhere for boots that my husband would find acceptable.  These were the only pair that were true to size.  They are very warm and truly are waterproof. And they are not too ugly.  They are worth the $$.
B001B7FP8I timberland boots continue to be the best i haven't had too many opportunities to wear these quite yet, but the times i have, i've been rather impressed.  first, they keep your feet extremely warm no matter what the temp.  i love how they lace-up so easily; i've had boots in the past that take forever to put on b/c of the number of eyelets you have to take your laces through.  i also like how the bottom of the shoes tend to stay clean and dry even though you just walked through some snow.  it is easy to knock off the snow with a simple stomp on the floor.  i haven't had a chance to see how well the waterproof boots work; so, i can't comment on that feature.  the only thing i wish i could change about the boot is the height of the shaft...i would like for it to be an inch or two shorter b/c i don't like things up too far past my ankle because i feel confined.  these boots look well-made and have a great look to them which means i should be able to get many years of use out of them.  bring on the extremes!
B001C4CIP8 Heavy boots. The boots are heavy but the snow storms during the winter of 2013-2014 were not match for this boots. my fleet were dry and warm.
B001C4CIP8 Fantastic for the cost. Bought as a xmas present for a truck driver - he LOVES them.  The insulation is great and he is in and out of his truck all day long in cold temps and snow.  Would definately recommend them.
B001C4CIP8 Good Boots This is the 3rd winter for these and they are doing well.  Great abrasion resistance and wear well overall.  I am a weekend logger and these have been up to the task.  I have seen the nightmare reviews of the 'china' boots and these may be them but so far I have not had any structural issues and they have been really solid.  The cold protection is good until you cover them in snow when its more than -10.  The waterproof side has been great with no problems.  Get a boot dyer or a good heat register to put them over, as they will appear wet when you sweat in them, so dry them out after you have been in them all day. I also use Snow Seal water proof every year as I have had great results and it guarantees no problems.  Overall great boots.
B001EBA784 Dangerous on ice I just bought these boots before winter and today was my first day on snow and ice. They are down right dangerous and life threatening in snow and ice. The also let water from snow melt in through the tongue. They are comfy to wear but the worst construction boots I've ever worn!!Buyer beware unless you live in Florida!
B001EWFF30 Excellent product after about ten days of heavy use up & down ladder and on ice and snow Received the boots about a ten days ago.  Great looking out of the box.  Made in Viet Nam. Because of reviews with problems with eyelets and hooks, I checked them thoroughly-all OK.  I normally wear a 9-1/2 EEE but these were not available in that width, so I ordered them in a 10-1/2 DD (Wide).  With a standard boot sock, they fit great.  I've given them a good workout since I received them.  Up and down the ladder all weekend pruning apple trees.  Good arch support.  Lots of hiking.  These boots are sturdy and lightweight.  They felt &#34;broken in&#34; from the moment I put them on.  Great lug sole that has given me a solid grip on the ice and snow in Atlanta over the past week.  Very satisfied with the purchase.  If you don't see any review updates you can assume I continue to be pleased.
B001EWFF30 Love Tims!!! I usually don't purchase shoes from online stores but I need a pair for a pending snow storm. It arrive in two days and I worked them to the bone on this unusual NYC winter. I also used it on a rainstorm and kept my feet nice and dry.
B001EWFF30 I love these Timberlands I needed a winter shoe, either a medium weight boot or a heavy weight walking shoe.  I needed footwear that would keep my feet warm and dry in sub-20 degree winter temps and allow me to negotiate the poorly cleared, partially snow and ice covered sidewalks and shallow water puddles that are the usual obstacles on my 1/3 mile walk to and from my parking lot in center city Philadelphia.  But I didn't want a pair of very heavy boots because most of my time outside is spent behind the wheel of a car.  So, I needed footwear that was usable and comfortable for driving.  These Timberlands are perfect for the job.  They have full leather uppers that keep out the cold and the wet, but they have a trim, compact sole that doesn't interfere with driving.  They are sized well.  I can wear wool socks with these boots, including silk liner socks if I need them without requiring that I go up a half-size larger.I really like these boots a lot.  I just hope I'm not too tempted to wear them out prematurely using them for purposes other than the one for which I originally intended.
B001EWFF30 Value for money My husband ordered these for himself and he is happy with those. They are warm, waterproof and provides a very good grip in the slippery snow. They look good too. Though they might be little uncomfortable after hours of having them on.
B001IK87MY This is my hero. I have had this Timby since a year now. I live where you see snow and wind more than you see your best friend and this boot help me survive it. I don't wear it all the time cause it's very heavy and well secure, but when I wear it, forget about cold feet or wet feet.
B001LI7HJC Love These Boots! The boots are super warm and comfy. They work well in snow. I've had them for almsot 2 years now and they still look like new. I've purchased them in Black and Brown and both have held up great. Salt stains are easy to remove, they don't retain oder, the rubber sole makes them comfortable to walk any kind of distance in them and they look great with jeans, leggings and sweatpants.
B001LI7HJC OMG! LOVE THESE BOOTS1 So cute, so warm, and durable.  I live in Brooklyn, NY.  We've gotten many, many feet of snow recently.  It has tuned into  muddy, yucky, slushy, disgustingness.  I have stepped in all stages of snow, slush, puddles and ice.  And these boots have kept my feet warm and dry.  Best of all, they still look like I just took them out of the box. Just a damp cloth and  it's clean. You don't even need socks.  The only problem I have is that they were a half size too big, so I just wear socks to make them more snug.
B001PBK87I Great comfortable work boots Good boots when standing for long periods. Comfortable almost right out of the box with very little break in.I had the same boot last year in the snow and they are waterproof and keep your feet nice and warm...Bought the second pair for the snow this year. It is called a back up plan.
B001RIYWN0 Comfortable, stable, and well built with few deficiencies This is a review for the all-leather Timblerland Washington Summit hiking bootsTimberland Men's Washington Summit Waterproof Leather Hiking Boot, not the newer half-synthetic version.About the sizing: This boot is labeled US10/EUR44. I wear US10.5-11 and EUR43-44, so the sizing is accurate for EUR44, but they are too big for a US10. I have a pair of Timberland boat shoes that fit perfectly and are labeled US10, so the sizing is accurate relative to other Timberland products.These boots required some breaking in before they became completely comfortable. If I had tried them in a store, I might have passed them up as they felt a bit snug when first put on (regular width). I wore them around the house for an hour with thick socks, and they felt great. After a week of daily wear outside and in the office, they are fantastic.+ lightweight, especially for a hiking boot+ solid and stable construction - foot plants firmly and does not roll on uneven surfaces+ sole has good traction in snow and ice and clears of packed snow well+ details are neat and durable - lace hooks are very thick and designed not to snag+ not too hot for indoor/warm weather wear - they are NOT insulated, and I did not expect them to be. I like to wear thick socks to keep my feet warm, which I can then remove to keep my feet from overheating when I have to keep my boots on inside or in warm weather.+ they do not look large or clunky on your feet - my wife and several others saw them and asked how I got my foot in such a small boot. They have a very proportional look which makes them less work or winter boot looking. I feel they look fine with a business-casual attire in inclement weather without being too outdoorsy/work boot looking, although they would be even more discreet if the lace hooks were not so shiny.-/+ Boot liner is synthetic, which may help wick moisture, but I prefer a leather liner and would expect one at this price point- There is no inside leather heel strike, instead it is just synthetic liner throughout. The Timberland Pro boots I looked at all had leather heel strikes, which is a fast-wearing location on my shoes.- No pull loop on the back. Because the tongue is gusseted, it is a tight squeeze getting my feet in there and a pull loop would really help.I have not thoroughly evaluated their waterproof rating, but my feet have remained dry when walking in snow and some slush.
B001S5X31E Had them for 5 months now , love them I have worn these boots almost every single day since I got them. I wear them for about 12-15 hours a da at least 5 days a week. This past winter we had some good snow storms followed by warm weather which brought serious mud and puddles.In the snow the were incredible. In ny we get some wet snow at times and the shoes were great. Keep in mind I walk my rottweiler 3 miles a day in these...every day. The walk can get muddy and these are waterproof and go up real high.The lace up part is gray because one can earthier just loop them around the metal conclave or insert them into holes and lace it up all the way to the top. Just a great show and product. I would say they fit to size.
B001SARJXC I Love these boots! I've owned these boots for over a year.  I broke them in on a winter trip to Paris.  I walked miles in all weather conditions, including light snow and rain.  They're amazingly comfortable, and my feet stayed dry.  I keep a coat of wax polish on them, and they still look as good...better, than when I bought them.  I'm considering buying another pair as a backup!  For me, they run about 1/2 size large, so I bought down 1/2 size down.  I highly recommend them!
B001SARJXC Mediocre. I bought these familiar with Timberland's quality boots, and when they arrived I was surprised to find them so roomy. Size 12's usually run a little small on me but these were more like 12.5's, and roomy all around the foot. Didn't cause any problems with walking, but they could have fit my feet better. This may have been a byproduct of the ill fit, but these boots are also exceptionally warm. For a couple minutes during the day I would have to take them off just to cool my feet down.I was also expecting them to be waterproof/resistant because they're boots, but this purchase was a reminder that those are words you need to look for specifically. A couple minutes of walking in a moderate rain will start to get your toes wet. The last time I wore these I was salting the driveway and sidewalk after a winter storm. I neglected to rinse the salt off inside or at least brush it off, and about a day later I noticed the characteristic chalky white waterline of dried snow melt. I washed it off, and noticed that the leather underneath said waterline was swollen up and, for want of a better word, poofy. I've never seen this type of damage from snow melt, and frankly I don't know if it can be repaired. But with everything else wrong, I'm probably just going to get a pair of something else.If you want your boots to function anything like a boot normally does, don't get these. If you're looking for a fashion boot, you can do better than this.
B001SARJXC Good purchase! These were as expected.  I purchased these because I was sick of ruining all of my good shoes in the snow, and i wanted something that could be worn in the snow and still look like a decent shoe.  These fit the bill.
B001U0OTCY great boots Ilive in ohio lots of snow and cold. These boots arelight and they are not oversized in my opinion. I have never had a better winter boot!Last year i made the mistake of purchasing boots at walmart--theylasted 8months tore apart and now unwearable. live and learn. buy these boots thanks b.a. oh they are also very waterproof with great track on bottom.
B001U0OTCY Great comfort Great comfort, warmth and support. Good traction in snow and in icy conditions. I should have ordered an additional pair.
B001U0OTCY The Perfect Boot. I received my Rime Ridge Premium Waterproof Snow Boots just as the first snow started to fall. I wore them out to dinner that night. The boots are stylish, look great with Jeans and are not bulky as some snow boots tend to be. They fit perfectly and the way they are designed, are comfortable right out of the box. They offer plenty of support and the soles are designed to offer plenty of traction. I am completely satisfied with my purchase and I can't wait to go back outside in the cold so that I can put these boots back on.
B001U0OTCY Great looking and great quality snow boots I bought these boots for my Colorado trip and I'm very impressed how warm my feet were in 10-20 degree weather, walking in knee high snow. Had no issues at all. My feet were toasty and dry.And since they are so great looking, I'm going to continue to wear them, despite Texas' lack luster winters.
B001U0OTCY Real comfortable boot I live in Atlanta, so snow is not that much of a concern for me.  But these are nice, stylish boots regardless of the weather. They're real comfortable and a pleasure to wear.  I give them a "THUMBS UP, BABY"!!!
B001U0OTCY blood on ya tims is gangsta These bad boys could take your face off. These are some real deal snow boots. Nice and stiff. Furry and warm. Make my feet sweat even! And they make me taller!
B001U0OXRU Great boots I purchased these boots for my boyfriend for his birthday. They are great, he wears them all the time and not only are they comfortable, but also durable. The description is right on point, hes walked through snow, in the rain, through marshlands, into lakes, water all the way up to the top of the boot and his feet stay completely dry. I've never seen someone abuse timberlands like him and they haven't wore out at all.
B001U89MO6 The perfect boot!! So I bought these back in October, scared about an East Coast winter... These boots totally held up! I wore these literally every single day from November to March! They were warm and snow-resistant, even when the snow got to be several feet deep in January and February. When the rain hit in March and April, they worked marvelously against wet sidewalks and unexpected pools of water. They're so, SO comfortable to walk in -- and trust me, one walks miles in New York without even realizing it. They didn't need any break-in time at all. The price is a bit high, but it's so worth it -- these boots will last me a long, long time. Fits true to size and the shaft is nice and high, for those who want a tall boot. Trust me, this is the perfect boot for the colder seasons. I only FINALLY stopped wearing them when a warm May forced me to wear sandals. I can't wait for October so I can wear my trusty boots again!
B001U89N2W Best snow boots ever! Best snow boots ever, that still look fashionable/stylish enough to wear. Surprised to find they run large. I could have used a 1/2 size smaller, possibly a whole size, but couldn't wait for the return/exchange time. Still, they're snug around the ankle and heel. The leather is solid; snow and water wipe off easily. They look like they're going to last 20 years! Well worth the price.
B001U89OGM Love the boots! I just received these boots from amazon.com.  I was hoping that I would hate them, but of course I love them.  They are fantastically comfortable, and terribly beautiful.  They are a rugged, durable, comfortable and beautiful boot!UPDATE:It's now early February and I've had these boots all winter.  They stand up great in snow, rain, and yes even clubs without getting messed up.  I wore them to a college football game in late November, and they were great for walking around and staying warm.  I wore them with 2 pairs of stocks to avoid sliding on my foot.  My only complaint is that the fleece lining is puny and not very plush (probably because it is made from recycled materials).  These boots are the best practical shoe purchase I have ever made.
B001U89OGM Good, warm boots, but a little boxy and inflexible Overall, I'm happy with these boots. I was looking for boots that are waterproof and lined througout which these are. I have only worn them in rain (no snow yet) and the seemed to do the job well. The traction on the bottom of the boot seems good so I'm thinking they will do fine in the snow and ice during the winter. I will caution you that they are a little on the large side (which works well if you want to wear thick socks). And as they do not hug your leg, they appear a bit boxy. I wouldn't consider them a "cute" winter boot, but they aren't unattractive either. So... as long as you aren'tlooking for winter boots to wear with a skirt or to work, these should do fine.
B001U89OGM timberland fleece-lined water-proof boots These are great boots. I wear a size 7 and ordered 7.5. I have not had any heel problems the other reviewers mentioned. I've played in the snow with them, hiked in the snow with them and my feet never got wet.  They are ver comfortable.  I do recommend wearing thicker socks in the snow, but even with regular socks, my feet were quite warm.  My absolute favorite thing about these are that they ae not only great for keeping rain, snow, and cold out...but they are super duper cute! Not like most snow boots.
B001U89OGM Beautiful Weather Proof Boots I wanted fashionable water proof boots. These boots fit the bill perfectly. I am not sure how warm they will be in the snow yet. All in all, I am happy with my purchase.
B001U89OGM Good boot Very sturdy winter boot; in fact, that's what rather surprised me when the boots arrived. By the photos, I didn't expect these to look quite so much like an outdoor wear, snow boot, but they do. They are leather, but it's been treated to look a bit like rubber. I thought they were going to be appropriate to wear to work in a school. I do wear them, but I would have preferred a more dressy, less "snow protected" look.
B001U89OGM Boots are perfect for snow and rain These boots are perfect for the snow and rain, keep my feet dry and warm, I don't even need socks just my tights.  The best investment in boots that I have ever made.  Last year I had Wellington's but I wore them out, and my feet were always cold. Buy these boots for winter and you won't regret it.
B001U89OGM Great Cold Weather Boots... I am a Floridian... so when I had to shop for a boot to wear in the ice and snow, I was clueless..  After looking at lots of boots on-line, I decided on the Timberland's.  I have had them for 2 years now, and they are great boots.  They have great traction in icy conditions, and are warm down to about the 20 degree mark with good socks.  They are very comfortable, durable and water resistant...
B002ASAJPG price sucks but great pair of boots I work in all kinds of conditions rain, snow, and heat.. and these shoes are def the best despite being pricy. I have bought cheaper boots but they end up wearing out after a month or two.
B002CVUSY8 Great Buy! I bought these boots at Christmas 09. I needed a pair of fun, stylish but waterproof boots for the winter snow and slush to replace my worn out Merrells. Little did I know how wet slushy and snowy it would be. I have worn these boots almost daily since acquiring them and they have stood the test of wet, now 2 months later. On top of their impermeability, they are super comfy and have kind of cushioned sole that makes them feel like you're wearing sneakers. I love the rough beat-up suede look that goes great with jeans, though I've worn them with both black and tan chinos.
B002KLI1AI Beware Shoes are not waterproof my feet are cold and soaked in the rain and snow.  They look nice with jeans, weather permitting.  Not a good choice for the money.
B002NEGCC6 Great shoe! I was looking for a good winter shoe that would help to keep me upright this year on snow and ice.  This one provides great waterproof traction in any weather.
B002WJHCZ8 GOES WITH THE SHOES THESE SOCKS ARE A GOOD FIT FOR YOUR TIMBERLAND SHOES AND BOOTS. I HAVE BOTH.  RAIN,SLEET,SNOW NO PROBLEMS WITH THE WEATHER.
B002YOMJPY Great boot for winter!!!!! This item fits well on my foot started using them soon as I got them and they are great walking in the snow
B002YOMJPY Love the shoe! Super warm Its water resistantVery warmVery good on snowThe only problem I had was that the boots could be slightly higher to protect the snow from getting in at timeRest of the boot is really good in design apart from the tip that looks a bit too round.
B002YOMJPY No regrets Got these right before Chicago got blasted with snow then frigid temps then snow then rain then etc. this winter, and never looked back. Very comfortable and warm. Only time my feet felt cold was when I had to walk through puddles of snow/rain that came up about a quarter of the laces, but not a drop of water got in so I'll take it.I ordered an 11 instead of my almost always 10.5 and it's the perfect fit, just an fyi if you're on the fence.
B002YOMJPY Timberland work boots They fit fine, look good. I don't think the soles are oil-resistant. I do slip a little on oily floors, but hey. We haven't had snow since I bought them, so I don't know how they handle that, but of course I have snow boots. These are probably good for most weather but I can imagine they might get hot in the summer.
B002YOMJPY These boots are warm, comfortable and safe in snow/ice conditions I like these boots a lot. They fit as I expected, they are great in the snow and even when it's icy. My feet are always warm and protected in these.The only reason I gave them four stars is because the design element where the last two steps of lacing up are not holes but little brackets (not sure what to call them, you can see them on the design) that you wrap the lace around. This design makes it often annoying to re-tie these. I have found myself also double-knotting these because my laces will come undone otherwise (I walk a whole lot!).
B002YOMJPY Great boot I move very quickly in these boots, my feet remain dry and warm. They are very tough and can handle all terrains from rocky escarpments, beaches, NYC sidewalks, paved and unpaved roads, ice, snow. Buy them!
B002YOMJPY Good Purchase Comfortable and effective in messy slush as well as fresh snow.  Warm and dry.  Arrived on time and in good condition.
B002YOMJPY returned everyone at work like the boot and so did i. i had to return it because i found it to be very slippery to anything on the ground. let it be salt that is used for snow, i would slightly slip as i walked over the salt, which made this shoe dangerous to wear. even on crushed snow on the ground i was slipping. i think these boots may be good for dry weather, or on dirt.what i did love about these boots is that they warm my foots very very well on 15 degrees weather. they kept my feet nice and warm.
B002YOMJPY My husband was very pleased with these boots. These boots were worn the day after they arrived in a driving rain storm and then in a snow storm.  They are lightweight and remained waterproof through both days.  Great buy!  We give these boots a 5 star rating!
B002YOMJPY Yard Boot I've bought these boots over 2 years ago and I have taken them to hell and back. I've never put any polish on them and they are still holding up. I wear them to cut grass in the summer and remove snow in the winter. They are very comfortable. When they were new the looked very nice but now they are functional. Great Boot!
B002YOMJPY Great Boot for winter Really a great boot. Fits according to the size. Relatively warm with a decent thick sock,and for sure is waterproof walking through snow, slush and puddles.Would buy again.
B002YOMJPY Just right The fit is perfect & they are very comfortable.  First day out here in Utah with mixed rain & snow.  No problems.
B002YOMJPY Nice walking boots. lightweight & comfortable.It is very  good  for walking on snow during winter  And I expect it would be good for the rainny days also because they  stated that they are waterproof.
B002YOMJPY Like a glove... or sock! I have had these boots for a very short time and they almost immediately broke in.  The high ankle wore into the back of my calf but that stopped as they broke in.  They seriously feel great on any terrain and with the snow the waterproof material is plenty enough to make this purchase worth it.  My feet stay warm and dry in the rain, mud, sleet, and snow.Fit: 5/5Comfort: 5/5 (after breaking them in - 48 hrs)Appearance: 5/5Price: 5/5Reliability: 5/5*I would recommend
B002YOMJPY Very good Boot! My size is 11, I choose the 11.5 and served perfectly! It's very comfortable and protect your feet from the cold. Only a moment entered snow inside the boots. Nevertheless, I give 5 stars!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot,Black,9.5 W US Boots arrived in time for 18 inches of snow and record low temps.  Boots were great for a good deal of shoveling and with boot socks did not need the more expensive insulated boots I already had.  Also have walked several miles with them after the snow melted, with no break-in discomfort. Great buy and highly recommend this boot.
B002YOMJPY Wonderful boots Arrived early.  Great traction in snow.  Look great.  Very, very comfortable and warm. Size was perfect and shoe was as described.
B002YOMJPY Great waterproof boots These boots are great ..i use them for work doing deliviries in NY in the snow and they still are holding up
B002YOMJPY Waterproof! I bought these boots, because on my previous job we used to deal with a lot of water - (snow, floods, drain issues), and it's always a sinking feeling when I felt my feet wet, when doing these tasks.  Trust me, I believe in testing things out, and these deliver.  I walked in a boiler room with hot water on the floor because of steam leaks, and these stood up.  Snow, rain, drains - I stomped, sloshed, and did all kinds of things with them, and they're still standing strong.  Definitely recommended!
B002YOMJPY not a good winter boot Comfortable, sneaker-like, fit a wide foot, not terrible looking, affordable, yet for use as a winter boot they FAIL. The treads make a clown shoe squeaky noise unlike any other boot previously worn, and they become exceptionally slippery in icy or wet conditions, basically no tread that grips, so it is like having ice skates on without the control. Have fallen twice and slipped many times because of these boots and would never recommend as a winter boot. The treads are horrendous and could cause and likely will cause injury in winter walking or hiking conditions. Not safe. I should add - because of the low quality of these for winter wear - now I need to purchase another set of boots after four months, because they are simply dangerous to continue wearing in the snow, slush, ice and cold weather. A manufacturing fix would be to add a quality sole with much better lugs for traction. My guess is the cheap rubber gets plastic-like when cold and turns into a skate. Perhaps they wear perfectly well in other conditions, though not winter.  If searching for winter boots for walking in - DO NOT PURCHASE - pay more for better quality boots because it will save you from paying twice like I now have to do.
B002YOMJPY Looking forward to many years of great service I had a pair of Rockport Alpine Woods boots for close to 10 years. This winter, it was obvious they were about to bail on me. The freeze/thaw cycles, the salt and snow, all combined to shrink them to the point where it took forever to get them on and they were very tight once I got them on. The leather at the ankle collar had cracked and ripped, and they didn't slip right off, either. After the early February snowfalls, I couldn't take them any more and ordered a pair of Timberland White Ledge boots. I got them a half-size too big to leave plenty of room for thick socks. They arrived as scheduled (2 days via Prime) and they feel GREAT. Similar sole tread to the Alpine Woods, like an off-road truck tire, but comfortable and pliable. And even with the extra half-size, my foot feels roomy but isn't sliding around.These have been great in the snow... sure footing, feet stay warm and dry.  The knitted ankle collar should last far longer, and is similar to the wrist cuffs on high-end gloves - and they allow for very easy slip-on and slip-off.  This is all I ask of a boot like this, and so far so good.  I expect service just as long from these as the old Rockports, and they're off to a great start.
B002YOMJPY As I hoped... I rate this product and service 4 stars. I received what was advertised, what I wanted and what I needed, at a reasonable price. My boots arrived within a few days of ordering. They are light in weight, stylish and were put to the test the following day in a New York snow storm. Ice, snow and puddles... I love these boots! Comfortable and warm. My foot is size 8, I ordered a size 8, I received a size 8 and they fit perfect. I am extremely pleased with this transaction.
B002YOMJPY Great boots! Little brother loves these! Got these for my little brother who is a valet at one of the biggest hospitals (trauma level 1) and does a lot of walking, running around in snow/rain/etc. He LOVES these. I was weary of the 10.5 D/E sizes but the regular 10.5 fit like a glove. Comfortable and durable boots.
B002YOMJPY Got them just in time for our latest snow... My 20+ year old boots just weren't cutting it, and when I saw these for $70,I thought they might do the trick. They really did perform well. My feet remaineddry and toasty, and the traction they provided was excellent. I'd recommendthem to my mom.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot, Black, 9 M US This is the perfect boot for city winters with some 'snow days'. In NYC this winter (Jan/Feb. 2014) we are having unexpectedly large amount of snow and these boots are coping with it quite comfortably. They are very light, true to size ( I normally wear size 9 shoes and these fit me perfectly), waterproof and not so warm that they become uncomfortable to wear in the office - in case you forget your regular office shoes! I have had these now for about 2.5 months and worn them every time there was snow on the ground in NYC - so far no complaints.
B002YOMJPY the best nice fit very comfortable got them on time wore them on snow and ice got good traction I would buy again
B002YOMJPY Very happy I'm a maintenance manager and I am always outside these boots protected my feet from the rain, and snow. The quality of the boots are worth every penny and  keeps my feet warm when I am out at  -10 degrees  below temperature
B002YOMJPY These boots are okay These boots are okay for rain and snow, but may not be completely waterproof, other timberland boots might do a better job in heavy rain and snow.
B002YOMJPY Pretty comfortable & light, not warm for winter use I usually buy Magnum boots when they have their various sales on their site. I decided to check Amazon and saw these. I only had one other pair of Timberlands before, a pair of black nubuck 6" premium waterproof boots. I didn't find them too comfortable, and the 'collar' split and cracked after 6 months, by which time the soles were starting to wear down some.My feet are somewhere between a 12 wide and a 13 regular. Sometimes different styled boots from the same manufacturer in the same size fit differently for me. I got these on sale and decided to give them a shot for the winter going to and from work.For comfort I give them 4-5 stars. They are not loose or tight around the foot, fitting just about 'right'. The leather is not hard, the collar is a durable feeling mesh and the tongue is nicely padded. These are mid-boots that just cover my ankle and only have two eyelet hooks to tie them up on top past the normal four eyelets. The tongue keeps the laces from digging into the front of your foot, but I wish the boot was maybe another 1/2 to inch taller for one more eyelet for a bit more stability when tied. Also, for some reason with the provided thick laces, they come untied from time to time, even after I double tie them.I wore them in the recent 20 degree freezing weather we had in New Jersey with normal athletic socks and after a half hour of being outside my feet started to get a little cold. On another night with Wigwam work socks, they weren't as cold, but not roasty toasty either.In snow they're OK, but when it warmed up a bit and we had curbs with lots of water from melted snow. I stepped in a puddle of 2" water and felt some water at the toes of one of the boots. This was a month after I had them. I don't know where the water came in from, but it was felt on the bottom near my toes and not at the tongue. This only happened once, but I haven't walked in any water since then. Maybe it was a fluke, but it had me lose some confidence in the boots afterwards.Update January 17, 2014:I have top change my original title, "not very water 'proof' " to "not warm for winter use".They do seem to be waterproof. The thing is, that since the leather over the toes is so soft, it lets the temperature of icy water or wet snow go right through to your toes. The thick padding around the ankle and on the tongue keeps the upper part of your foot warm, (and keeps in perspiration), but does nothing for your toes or soles of your feet. After wearing from warm buildings to cold outdoors, the perspiration near my toes reacted with icy water or slushy snow to give the feeling that the boots let in cold water.So at least I know that any muck I walk into won't get to my feet, but they still get cold. I would probably buy these if I needed boots for warmer weather. Maybe the name "White Ledge" had me thinking they should be better for snow and cold weather.They are still comfortable, but the tread is wearing down in spots after two months of use.
B002YOMJPY great for snow and water these shoes rock, i work water purification systems and are always getting my shoes wet and in turn my socks, these shoes saved my feet. also they are great for the snow, i live in Michigan and walking in the snow also gets Ur feet wet and these shoes are a great remedy to my problems
B0034G54BM Beautiful and Great quality! Short version; I recommend these boots, they are worth their price as they are very high quality!I love these boots! I moved from southern AZ to northern a few years ago, and it snows a lot here, but it doesn't stick on the sidewalks for long. I wanted a pair of boots that were fashionable, warm with thick socks, and had good grip for when the snow had been cleared so that I didnt have to wear my industrial snow boots when it wasn't actively snowing.  After 3 years (and three different boots that died after only one season!) these are the most beautiful and sturdy boots I have found! So far they've been through a few snow storms, and barely look broken in! I wear then nearly every day now that its starting to frost and snow more often, and they are still beautiful. They definitely are warm with my wool socks, though I did buy them wide in order to wear thick socks after reading reviews about the boots being narrow. I am glad I did this, they definitely would have been too tight. I usually wear a 7, the 7 fit perfect. There hasnt been much ice yet, but I haven't slipped in them either. These are definitely worth their price!
B0034G54BM Styling while trekking through snow These are great! So durable and don't look frumpy at all.  I am always looking for a good pair of winter boots that can withstand now and look good with any outfit.  Ladies, these are them! Worth every penny!
B0034G54BM Great Boots I'm pretty tall 5'9&#34; and these boots, fit perfectly and they are very comfortable. The weather in NM has gotten rather warm for this time of the year but I'm still praying for snow and much needed moisture so I can show off my boots.
B0034G558E Very comfortable boots These boots are extremely comfortable and looks good! I live in Norway where we have both rain and snow all winter, and these boots can handle both!
B0034G558E Cool boots I really like these boots.  I wear them mostly with leggings and my camouflage jacket.  I wish they were water and snow proof but they're chic enough.
B0034G558E AMAZING. These might be the best pair of boots EVER. I love Timberland boots - the traction is great, the styles are cute, and they are SO comfortable. I wore these for a week in Sweden ... in January! ... and they held up in the snow and ice perfectly! One year later and I am still wearing these amazing boots. They certainly don't look new anymore but they are surprisingly still in fantastic condition and just have some minor wear in the leather from using them as snow boots. I purchased the black and absolutely love them.Also, Timerland boots run true to size. I am usually an 8 1/2 (sometimes a 9) ... I ordered the 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly ... with even a little extra room for big, comfy socks!
B0034G558E Happy customer! I love these boots!  I ordered my usual 7.5 and the fit is perfect.  Very well made and so comfortable.  Great traction for rain/snow.  I am 5'4 and the boots come to mid calf.  Would recommend.
B0034G56L0 Great boot with a minor issue First, let me say that I absolutely love these boots. They are extremely comfortable, they have kept my feet warm and dry in the snow, and they have really good traction (also handy in the snow). However, the inner lining underneath the heel in one of the boots came loose on the 4th day I wore them. It was folding over and making it uncomfortable to walk, but it was cheap to get fixed and the boots are worth it anyway.
B0034G5IPY Footwear Warmth! I tried these boots on in an actual Timberland store at the mall and fell in love with them. Since they were significantly cheaper on Amazon.com, it was an easy decision to purchase them. Not only are they light and comfortable, they're waterproof and perfect to wear in the rain or snow. They rise up to about mid-calf so it's not ridiculously hard to wear. The drawstring lacing in the back makes it easy for slip-on/slip-off wear, especially when wearing them over your pants. They're warm, comfortable and very easy to walk in. Design is on the simpler side so if it's what you prefer it's great - otherwise it's a bit plain. The patterns on the side of the boots are probably more easily detected on the white or brown colored boots instead of the black. Personally, I didn't have an issue with sizing since I had tried on a pair prior to purchasing - I'm usually women's 8.5 in sneakers (Nike, Asics, etc) and the 8.5 boots fit me perfectly.
B0034G5IPY GREAT These boots are really warm and definitely waterproof. They are very comfortable for walking across campus all day. I ordered a 1/2 size bigger than I usually wear, because everyone was complaining about them being narrow and they fit perfectly! Definitely recommend for trudging through snow and slush. The white does not seem to stain easily either. I thought they would be leather from the picture, but they are not. Good for snow
B0034G5JTE Love These Boots! I was a bit skeptical at first, not being able to try them on, and because I have a very wide foot, but Timberland's wides, at least for me, are true to size. I can get my foot in and out very easily and they are just very stylish for fall. I got many compliments on them. They are not snow boots however, and wouldn't recommend getting them overly wet.
B0034G5KAC Solid piece for wardrobe Versatile! I can wear these with anything and thy look so great! They really polish up any casual outfit and add a bit of style when dressing up. Good grip for snow and ice.
B0034XRYQ8 Great for the winter Strong, sturdy and waterproof.  These are my winter boots;  snow, sleet, slush, deicing salts everywhere, don't worry slip these on and go out.  True to size and never needing polishing for some reason.
B0034XS0KM Terrible product. Do not waste your money! Total waste of money. These boots do not deliver on anything they promise. The have all the looks of a rugged winter boot with none of the protection from the elements. Anything above an inch of water or snow and your feet will be soaked. I love Timberland products but this is a true disappointment.
B0035LD2II A great look I love these boots, they work in the snow and still look stylish.  I also use them as work boots, but they have thin souls so I wouldn't recommend them for long days or cold weather.
B0035LD2II Boot-iful Great Boots, very comfortable/soft and look good. I've had mine around two months now and have worn them 80% of the time... They're looking better with age and don't smell so bad that they'd ruin a first date as you casually kick em off. They keep out the wet but you may feel the cold somewhat as the sole isn't quite as thick as other Timberland boots - that's NOT a fault with the boot, just worth pointing out in case you're planning on standing around in the snow a lot or your job is holding the sign that says "Golf Sale Next Left".  They seem to grip ok-ish in the snow so you shouldn't look like a one-legged chicken on roller skates either... Keep Calm, Carry On. Did I mention they're 'old pair of slippers comfortable'?  Nice. I'd buy them again.
B0038JD1UG Glad I read the other reviews. So glad I read the previous reviews about sizing.  I ordered a half-size up (8.5 where I usually wear 8), and it was perfect.  I've already worn these boots to Colorado, New Mexico (lots of snow), and I'm taking them to Vancouver Island next week.  Very comfortable on long walks, and they look good after being in deep snow, and slushy snow.  My feet have stayed warm and comfy.  I'm happy with the quality.
B0038JD1UG At long last I have been looking for a warm, waterproof attractive boot for a very long time and have sent a few of them back.  Finally this one comes close to perfect, especially with the help of previous reviewers who suggested ordering 1/2 size larger than usual.  I just took a walk on a snow covered lake and found they passed the test very nicely.
B0038JD2LE Now If It Would Only Snow! I grew up in Minnesota. You would think, being that I lived in such snowy, body freezing conditions, that I would know better. Nope. I took it upon myself to move when I finished school, not to somewhere warm, but to Boston. Smart move there. When I did move, I had left my boots at home in a box in my parents garage - yes I have a college degree, but you wouldn't think it. Needless to say, I went through a few years walking the snowy, slushy streets of Boston in my Chucks. Smart move Tara. (Needless to say, I learned to bring a few extra pair of socks to work - and would hang the wet ones on my desk drawers. I feel bad for my cube neighbors...no...I don't).This year I wised up. After getting a small raise at work I said to myself, and to whomever would listen.." I SHALL BUY A PAIR OF BOOTS THIS YEAR!" And so I did. I researched. Studied. Put these Timberland boots in my Amazon cart - over thought it - took them out - put them back in - slept on it...and BAM...purchased them. I finally found them on my doorstop after restless days of checking UPS's tracking system. Waiting in great anticipation. I tore the box up like a kid on Christmas day, put them on, did a little jig in my living room, and sat on the couch....because there is one slight problem. NO SNOW!!!This was the end of November. It's almost January. Still NO SNOW. I believe me purchasing these boots, has cursed Boston with...NO SNOW! They fit well though and my feet get toasty warm in them - I'll give you that for right now. I'll write an update on how they hold up...when it snows.
B0039NCRP6 I love these boots I first saw these boots on another discount site a month prior for over $[...].  I kept debating whether or not to get them when I checked on Amazon and saw them for $[...].  Compared to that site and their "regular" price - they were a steal especially since I also have Amazon Prime - although they would have qualified for free super saver shipping too.  I wanted a pair of snow boots that I could go out into the snow in and play with my kids that didn't look like I had attached two large boxes to my feet or wear to work if necessary on a bad snow day - again no large packing boxes feet required.  They are stylish and kept my feet very warm.  I was out for over an hour in them with only a pair of regular socks on in 20 degree weather and realized later my feet never got cold.  I like the 2 circles on the sides that help you pull them up since they are taller boots.  I am about 5'9" so they came somewhere between my knee and upper part of my calf.  I did go up a size in case I wanted to wear thicker socks and I'm glad I did.  They would have been snug with any other than a "trouser" sock if I hadn't and I tend to wear all 8 1/2's and I went with the 9.  I wasn't sure that I liked the patent leather look but when I got them it didn't stand out.  The grey pattern is nice and it doesn't scream pattern either.  The traction on the bottom is excellent - walked on icy steps with no problems.  Would get them again and again.
B003AZZLCO Awesome I bought these boots a week ago, at first I ordered a size 11.5 which is what I usually wear but they turned out to be almost 1 size too large for me, even so they looked and felt great, I was so excited about them that I got expedited shipping on the smaller pair, and so far all I have gotten is compliments on how great these boots look, they are both classy and casual which is why I got them (I already own a pair of classic timberlands but I can't wear those to nicer occasions). They are warm and comfortable my feet tend to sweat but not as much with these boots. No break in required, make sure you grease them up and treat them before wearing though as the leather is too nice to simply spoil with rain and dust (and snow but there hasn't been any here yet). Others have commented on the laces, they look fine to me, as long as you don't habitually step on them. Nice and warm also, (to be expected) as well as a comfortable (and removable insole, in case you have prescription soles or don't like the pair they come with). Arch support is moderate, which is great for me because I don't have any arches so it doesn't kill but does offer some support, width in the front is great, the height seems a little small, but I have larger than average toes.Your best bet is to try them on in a store and then order them, although it seems that my return has come through hassle free.Ok so now I have had them for over 5 months, I replaced the insole because it was wearing through entirely but haven't had problems with anything else and these have been my go-to shoes (boots) for everday walking for the last 4 months (they saw it all snow, sleet, mud, rain, salt, etc) very little wear only the top part of the sole (the lighter part) has worn down (the color has come off, and they are sort of cork colored now) and I still get compliments on them whenever I wear them.
B003AZZM3C A beautifully made boot. I am a man that has owned many boots, because I am from a cold weather climate and have worked in the trades. Although these boots are not insulated for the cold weather...you could get away with wearing them because of how quickly these days people snow plow...so just about after each snow fall there are plowed streets and sidewalks and these can actually be worn in those conditions. I waterproofed them with Mink Oil to get them ready for wet weather. They fit just a touch bit tight. But they will loosen up with a looking more walking in them...I have already run an errand in them. Had they not been that touch bit tight, though manageable, I would have given the boots 5 stars. I like the reinforced stitching...a lot of attention to detail in the stitching of these boots. Just a classic Timberland piece of work. I would recommend these boots to friends and family. They are not steel toe so anyone in the trades that would probably love to work in these should just be mindful of that. But, otherwise, I love them and glad that God/Eli afforded me the ability to be able to purchase them. Although, I do not know what image they are showing attached to my review it is not the same boot that I bought. My boot is here:  http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/412Io2FqyDL._SY395_.jpg
B003ELOYEA Terrific boots These are the best winter boots I've ever owned. They are very warm, comfortable, good tread for walking on packed snow and ice. And they look good! My half hour walk to work would be impossible without good boots - this week temperatures dropped to -25C.  I did need to order a half size bigger than my normal size.
B003ELOYEA Love 'em! I live in the Portland, OR. & wear various boots all winter long. You can't have too many pairs. Boots are like coats-you need a variety of styles and materials.  These suede boots weren't made for heavy snow/rain (you'll need other boots made of waterproof material for those conditions.) If you want to be Stylish + Sassy + Warm running around town = buy these!
B003ELOYEA Searched forever for a good boot. This is a boot you're going to love to wear, knowing your feet are warm and you look good.  The tread will get you through the snow. The extra tall upper is great for warmth and protection from deep snow.  I am disappointed in the laces provided, they should be leather, not cotton.  Also, they do run small. I bought a size 9 knowing I'd want to wear bulky socks in them.  I found that  9 just fit my size 8 feet!
B003ELOYEA Nice boots! I received the boots and am happy with the craftsmanship.I live in AZ so it is not yet boot weather here -- they seemed comfortable whentried on -- looking forward to wearing them this winter up north in the snow.
B003ELOYEA Love it so far I haven't had a chance to wear these in the snow yet, but the fit and style is fantastic!  I'm a size 6-6.5, and although I've never purchased shoes in wide before, I decided to get 6W for these after reading other reviews about the tendency to be narrow due to the lining.  It's super comfortable the moment I slipped my feet into these boots, and I have no doubt I'm going to enjoy traipsing around in the snow once I move up north.  I've never paid anywhere close to a hundred dollars before for shoes, but these sturdy and cute boots are totally worth it.Update: I've moved up to the midwest, and these boots really proved their worth (although it's been a mild winter). During the few heavier snow days I've felt completely secure and warm in these shoes. They're also really cute and pairs well with all my outfits. Still a 5 star product.
B003ELOYEA Very warm, attractive, and great for city snow These boots are great because they lace up and you can adjust them according to the kind of pants or socks you are wearing underneath them, so they always fit. They zip up the sides and they are easy to get into. Unlike most waterproof snow boots with large soles, these are actually really cute and attractive. I haven't slipped in them once, and I had to walk around in them during and right after a big snow storm. They are incredibly warm. I have worn them in single digits weather and been so grateful for the thick fleece inside. I ordered a half a size larger than I normally wear based on the other reviews. I think it was a good decision, but I may have been able to get away with ordering my normal size. As other reviews also mentioned, the taupe version is not the tan color it appears to be in the picture, but it's more of a brown. I chose taupe boot hoping it would go with black or brown coats, and it works well with both. All in all, a great pair of snow boots!
B003ELOYEA Great versatile and warm boot - won't see myself coming and going! I have been eyeing these boots for two years now in the Athl*t@ catalogue but hesitated to purchase it due to the inflated price they were selling it for. I wanted to prepare for the fall/winter and purchase a tall boot that was warm and great for casual weekends tucked into leggings but also appropriate to wear with skirts and dresses to work.I also did not want boots that would result in seeing myself coming and going due to everyone else wearing the same pair. I love the pocket detail, faux fleece lining, deep chocolate color, outsole treads, and water resistance.Thanks to my friends who have written previous reviews, I sized up from my true size 7 to a 7.5 and they are a perfect fit with socks. They are comfortable, laces adjust to fit my slender calves, and they come up nicely right below my knee (I am 5' 2").Although they are tall boots that are completely lined from top to toe in faux fleece I do not find them to be heavy. I also do not have any issues walking in them as they are not stiff. Since it is only August I cannot comment on if they provide great traction, but the treads look promising. Besides, one must be smart when walking in rain, ice or snow regardless of footwear.As another reviewer mentioned, I do plan to spray with suede protector to maximize the existing waterproofing and to keep salt and dirt off of these beautful boots for as long as possible. These are a great investment!BTW, fast delivery and arrived in impeccable condition in the original box and wrappings. Thank you!
B003ELOYEA Love! I bought these boots because my boyfriend and I have to visit his family in Minnesota for the holidays, and this Southern girl needed something to protect her tootsies from the frigid weather.  Love them! They are warm and comfortable, totally adjustable.  I am also a big fan of the zipper along the side of the boot, as it keeps me from having to re-lace to the perfect position every time I put them on.I was a little nervous that the light color leather would get stained in wet, mushy snow, but the shoe passed the test this past weekend. I was in NYC in wet, gushy, dirty snow, slopping through ankle deep puddles, and the shoe still looks brand new.  Never sprung a leak, had excellent traction.  Bravo!
B003ELOYEA Great cold weather boots These boots are great in sub-zero temperatures and tons of snow. Warm and comfortable. Easy to get on, thanks to the zippers. I usually buy size 7.5 narrow or medium (38 EU or 5 UK) and the 7.5M fits well. I have very slim calves and all boots are usually too wide, but these can be adjusted with the lacing in front.
B003ELOYEA Waterproof to snow, slush & water Wore this to Yosemite when it snowed and it held up to the elements beautifully. Boots looked brand new after being outside for over an hour walking in deep snow.  Super cute, warm, and mostly comfortable.  The husband was skeptical but was impressed after the walk, best of all, it fits TTS and provides great traction on ice.  I have small calves, 13-1/2 and the laces ensure a true fit, great with skinny jeans and skirts.  The look is not bulky like other snow boots.  Highly recommend if there are any remaining.
B003ELOYEA Awesome boots! Got these last winter. Wore them all winter long. Can't wait to start wearing them again! I live in the pacific North West, mostly rain. Feet stayed dry and warm. Went to the beach and snow. Boots are not very heavy (compared to other knee high boots) the adjustable laces combined with zip up side makes it perfect for all leg sizes. Not just made for skinny leg women (most knee high boots seem to be) overall, I HIGHLY recommend these boots. I think they are made well and will easily get many years out of them.
B003ELOYEA Comfortable, warm and looks good on top of it! I love these boots.  Love them.  I have had people threaten to rob them off my feet!  I live in the Seattle area, which sees more ice than snow, and so far, so good- no precarious butt-injuring situations thus far.  Probably going to scotch-guard them for all the rain we see here.
B003ELOYEA Well Made Boots, and Cute to Boot! I got the tall black Grandby boot in 8.5 W. I'd recommend a size or half size up your norm since you'll most likely be wearing thick socks. Also getting them Wide gives more room that I enjoy. The soles are very grippy. I must say I am looking forward to the first snow so I can really have fun in them!
B003ELOYEA So warm and cozy!!! I spotted these on a gal in Kmart and noticed the Timberland logo 2 years ago so i actually bought 2 pairs of Grandby Earthkeepers Tall on their website at the end of the season on sale for ~$110 each. I have not seen anyone where them since which I love, unlike a pair of UGGs you see everwhere. I like to be different! No matter what price you pay they are worth every penny. I wear them in the rain and to play in the snow and my feet are always dry and warm. I wear both with and w/o socks. With skirts, leggings and skinny jeans.... They go with everything! I am 5' 4" and they come to ~1" below my knee.  You can adjust the laces for a tighter or looser fit but they do zip to get on/off. There is also a pocket the size of a credit card if you needed to put money, etc. In it. It is so flat i forget about it but it is functional. These were true to size, don't go up or down. My ONLY complaint is that when they are wet there is no traction despite the rubber sole. I have gone down a few times bad and caught myself several others, happens EVERY time they are wet and scares the crap out of me. If you are a "boot girl" you won't be dissapointed!
B003ELOYEA Superb winter boots! I've been wearing these boots for the last month, and I L-O-V-E them.  I've always been apprehensive about buying shoes/clothes online due to questions on sizing... but this online shopping experience couldn't have been better!  I have a 100lbs German Shepherd/Rotty mix who loves the snow - she suffers through WI summer in anticipation of WI winters.  She wants to run, jump and roll around in the snow; and of course, she wants me to join her.  To truly enjoy this experience with her, I need a warm, waterproof, high boot to run around in the wet heavey snow.  The Timberland women's Earthkeerpers Grandby Tall Fleece-lined boots are fabulous.  Plus, they are so cute I want to wear them all day at work.
B003ELOYEA Very nice I bought these boots because I wanted something that was fashionable as well as practical. These boots live up to the task of providing great comfort as well as warmth on the snow and ice all the while looking stylish and cute. They come to just under my knee (Im not that tall), and I love that once you adjust the laces to your fit you dont have to move them again but can use the zipper on the side to put them on and take them off(and the small heel on the boot gives you an extra inch and a half :P).  They are a pretty good fit, I wasn't sure what to expect so I ordered a half size bigger than I normally do which wasn't neccessary but they are great nevertheless. I am happy with them and would definately reccomend this boot to anyone who lives in the cold.
B003ELOYEA Love these boots The timberland boots fit true to size. They are quite warm, keeping my feet toasty on the coldest of days. While the traction is adequate, the smaller sole and very slightly elevated heel can make walking over uneven terrain a little tricky. Having said that, I've hiked in them, walked in ice and snow and have never had a problem.
B003ELOYEA great suede water proof and resistent boot definitely did the job, especially in Chicago's worst winter storm in decades.  I trekked through mounds of snow with these on the day after the storm when all businesses and schools were closed to get some fruit punch and came home to a really, really dry boot.  Looking forward to wearing these in the years to come.Only downfall is that it is suede, so it's true color will fade.
B003ELOYEA Great boots!! I don't usually order boots online without trying them on first, but took a chance on these because they're beautiful and based upon the good reviews. I normally wear a size 7 (occasionally 7.5) though ordered a 7.5 and they fit great.  I have a narrow foot so tend to like my shoes to fit a little snugger so they don't slide around. These boots are super warm, comfy, and look fabulous on! I've only worn them a few times and each time I get lots of compliments. We just moved to a winter climate and all bought our first pair of "real" snow boots and am so glad I took a chance on these. Although we had our first significant snowfall last week-end, I wasn't brave enough to wear these into knee-high snow as I don't want to damage them...I'm considering water-proofing but haven't decided whether I should or not. As the snow was melting I've worn them a couple of times and thus far they have kept my feet completely dry, though the snow was only a couple of inches at that point.
B003ELOYEA Best boots ever purchased These boots are amazing. Besides how cute they are...they are extremely warm, Waterproof, TALL, comfortable, and not clunky like all snow boots you usually get. I live in upstate new York and already got snow and these boots saved my life. Definitely worth the price if you have snow or rain a lot and you look good too :) absolutely recommend this product just maybe get a size bigger for thicker socks and being comfortable.
B003ELOYEA LOVE EM! Wanted to let people know these boots are amazing! Great traction for ice or snow. SUPER warm. They fit perfect I did not need wide or an abnormal size. I weigh 160 and am about 5'5" wear a size 9 shoe. I can squeeze them over small jeans and snow pants!  They keep my feet so dry and warm it was like walking in an alternate world while I ran thru snow and ice in freezing weather.
B003ELOYEA comfortable and stylish I normally don't buy shoes online  (or for more than $40, for that matter), but the northeast winter this year was so awful that I splurged on these shoes to protect my feet from the cold and the snow. They were probably the best investment I made this winter and I wish I had bought these shoes several years ago to spare my feet the pain they've gone through in the years past. I was able to wade through nearly knee-high puddles of slushy water without getting any water in these shoes, and the boots kept my feet toasty warm all winter while I trudged through the snow. Plus, they're comfortable and adjust well to jeans/leggings/etc. My calves are normally too big to fit comfortably in knee-high boots, but this was not a problem. I'm a size 7.5 and went up a half-size; the shoe fits well.
B003ELOYEA LOVE - introducing the first winter boot that is both stylish and weather-proof Ok, I am not sure how these handle tough snow/rain because I bought them in the summer time. However, once I put them on, I felt confident that no rain or snow was getting anywhere near my toasty warm toes...again I have yet to try them in a new england winter. They are INCREDIBLY comfortable, to the point that I didn't want to take them off even in 90 degree weather. They are also stylish. I like the lace front detail. It makes me feel like I can travel by foot to work in winter without feeling like I need to change shoes -- granted I do have a casual dress code at work.UPDATE: I'm changing my review to 3 stars because the zipper broke after only a dozen (probably less) wears...very sad :(
B003ELOYEA These are my right on time boots I found these boots on Friday and lusted after them all weekend and decided to buy them on Monday after looking at a few other sites, they were [...] bucks more on Zappos.  I ordered them on Monday and got them on Tuesday, just in time for the snow to hit my area.  They are awesome.  They are fully lined and warm.  The lacing up the front is fully functional so they fit wide calves perfectly, you can loosen or tighten them and still zip all the way up!  I do find that they are a bit wode, but not so much so they're uncomfortable.  I'm very pleased with my purchase, I did a new boots dance.
B003ELOYEA Amazing Winter Boot!!! I wore the Timberland boots when we had 32 inches of snow.  The were amazing, they kept my feet warm and dry.  The only thing I noticed is that they do run a size small I normally wear a size 7 and I ordered a size 8 based on the reviews posted.  Great boot for those cold winter days!
B003ELOYEA Great Winter Boot!! This was my first time shopping for winter boots. I wanted something that would keep me warm, but at the same time look good on me. When I first tried them out they hurt only slightly, but once they were broken into I can't find myself to stop wearing them. I also like the fur inside the boot it makes my feet feel comfortable and warm.Only problem i had is that i cant let to much snow to get into the boot because it takes a while for it to dry. I wouldn't recommend playing in the snow with them to often.But overall this is a great winter boot!!
B003ELOZSU Excellent for all winter weather After reading reviews on Amazon, I was convinced that these were the best boots for various Boston winter weather.I tried them on at Macy's to ensure the best size.  They did run small.  VERY small.  I normally wear a size 6.5 in Timberlands (I have a leather boot from them that has lasted for YEARS and I just love it).  I went a full size up and it is perfect with thin or thick socks.  The laces aren't much of a hassle either. They're a bit heavier than any other boot I've worn - but no worse than a chunky high heel.I've walked with these boots through slush, puddles, snow banks, and on ice.  They kept my feet warm and dry!  The best thing is that they're not TOO warm to wear indoors where there's heat.  I wear them all day!One note of caution: the pair of timberlands that I currently have are great with ice and traction in general.  The mount holly boots fair a bit worse when it comes to slush and ice.  I brave the possible tumble because I'm not in any rush to get out of the cold in these boots.I normally think shoes above $30 are too expensive; however, when it comes to Timberlands, I will pay $100+ because they're just that good of a quality.  They last for years and do what they are meant to do!  Another huge bonus with these boots are the eco-benefits.  Right on the box, Timberland shows that they use less chemicals and more recycled materials in the shoe.  This wasn't why I bought it - I had no idea until I got home - but it makes me feel a little bit better about buying this particular boot over other brands. =]
B003ELOZSU AWESOME!!! I own a black pair of these. I absolutely love these boots, They are the best snow boots that I have ever owned. They fit perfectly...not too snug in one spot then too loose in another the way that many snow boots are. They are very well made and the materials are expectational. These keep you super warm, and no slipping because the tread is perfect. They look pretty cute too with a pair of skinny jeans and a sweater :D
B003ELOZSU These boots are awesome! I purchased these boots since I walk my dog every day and I live in PA where the winters are ridiculous; so I came upon these boots and they seemed to be a great choice.  I have had these for about 3 years and they are still going strong.  I normally wear a size 7 and that is the size I ordered and they fit perfectly.  Waterproof and great grip in the snow . . . I would definately purchase again.
B003ELOZSU have not tryed them in the snow yet but feel very warm and comfy. get a size bigger, and be prepared to break them in slowly. I have not tried them in the snow but they show promise, of being warm and keeping my feet dry.
B003ELOZSU Great Boots! Perfect boots for MN winter! Super warm (even without socks), waterproof, fits my large calves and comfortable to walk in. I leave laces loose on top so that I can slip them on and off-tighten laces for more severe weather (blocks wind, snow, rain, etc.).
B003ELOZSU Snow no problem Love how they kept my feet warm and dried from 8 inches of snow. Got many compliments on the looks of the boots...cute...how warm they looked,etc. It  was awesome i got the on sale for $79.99!
B003ELOZSU Too tight The boots were too tight on my toes. They ended up giving me a blister on the top part of my foot. I also got a blister on the back part of my foot. Something seemed to be rubbing as I walked. The overall boot was very warm and good for the snow, but I think this boot will only be a good pick if you have skinny feet.
B003ELOZSU not for me These boots are beautiful all the way around, comfortable, stylish and well made. They fit well and are lightweight, which is great because I needed a pair of boots I could wear while walking with my dog. However, after the very first time I wore them, they were wet on the inside! The boots were properly laced up and tightened at the top, so there is no way snow came in through the top of the boot. To make matters worse, they stayed wet inside for days!
B003ELOZSU not good for long term outdoors usage I got these boots because they aren't too fancy but still cute. However, if you're wearing then in snow the leather is not treated or something because it doesn't  wick away the moisture like its expected since they are  winter boots!  The sole starts to feel cold and damp after about an hour in snow.
B003ELOZSU Super comfy... I love these boots... Does an awesome job in keeping my feet warm and perfect in d snow.. Absolutely waterproof n true to size...you can't go wrong &#128521;
B003ELOZSU Owned these boots for a year, still going strong! I get cold feet something terrible and I need tall boots to withstand all the hours I spend in the woods, wetlands, and other areas either related to my wildlife bio classes or collecting specimens. They're very comfortable even a whole year later, with fairly minimal wear on the outside considering the rocks/sticks/etc. My only sadness is that wearing them every single day, snow/rain or not, has worn down the sole more than I'd like. They'll probably last another year before I need to either have them resoled or get another pair. If they can be resoled I see them lasting several more years easily. If you're less hard on your boots they may last an exceedingly long time.I wear a size 5.5 womens and ended up ordering size 6 boots. Normally size 6 is just plain too big, but these are only a bit big and a good pair of boot socks makes them perfect. So they do run slightly small. They are indeed waterproof and are my favorite shoe on wet days; tuck your pant legs into the tops and you'll stay perfectly dry even in a driving SC rainstorm or deep snow.
B003ELOZSU love love love After last winter, I definitely wanted to a get a pair of snow boots to avoid the wet shoe syndrome at work. I walk to work so my shoes would get completely soaked by the time I was at work. I saw these boots last season at Macy's but they didn't have my size so when I came across these boots this season i HAD to buy them! They are warm, cute and so functional. Can't wait to wear them in the snow and really test them out! I know I'll be dry this winter, boots are well made!
B003ELOZSU LUV EM!!! Nice looking warm boots!!  These are the cutest snow boots I have ever owned.  Would recommend them o anyone looking for a great pair of snow boots!!!
B003ELOZSU excellent snow boot i just moved to New York so this is my first set of snow boots ever.  they are absolutely perfect, and i got them just in time for all these crazy snow blizzards we've been having.  i have walked through over a foot of snow and over several inches of ice without slipping or falling - the grip on the bottom of the boots is absolutely amazing.  my feet and legs stay warm because of the plush lining.  and i love the fact that they lace up rather than having to shove my foot into them because they work for people with big calves like me.  they are kind of heavy duty so i wouldn't recommend them for fashion, but i recommend them 100% for actual walking in the snow.
B003ELOZSU Best winter boots! I bought these because I was going hiking in the mountains through snow, etc.  They did not disappoint, I was trudging through snow for at least 3 1/2 hours and my feet were warm, dry and comfortable.  They're cute too... look great sitting in the lodge over a pair of leggings or skinny jeans :)True to size.
B003ELOZSU PERFECT for city snow I live in Boston and we get anywhere from 3in to 3ft of snow. These boots kept me warm and dry, while being completely comfortable, walking through fluffy snow and dirty street slush. I chose the green and brown style and the colors are true to the photo. I ordered a half size up to accommodate socks which worked out perfect. I slip them right on over tall socks without having to tie/un-tie them and head out. Not heavy or clunky and has ankle flexibility. PERFECT shoe for walking in snow, slush and all day city walking.
B003ELOZSU Perfect fit! I ordered these in my size and they fit great! They are a warm and toasty boot, although I haven't tried them out in deep snow yet.
B003ELOZSU Just what I wanted I broke my snow boots before Xmas and spent a while looking for a replacement and these fit the bill perfectly, they are lovely and warm and snug and perfect for the return of the cold weather!
B003ELOZSU Awesome boots I love these boots. They are so warm and perfect for freezing Michigan winters. Good traction on icy sidewalks and waterproof for shin-deep snow.
B003ELOZSU Very comfortable and warm! When we moved to Germany I wanted a pair of boots that would be comfortable and warm.  After reading many reviews I settled on this pair and I am so glad that I did!  I've worn them several times when we traveled, one in Rome after they had a big snow storm, and several times when we've traveled around Germany and done a lot of walking in the snow. Even after wearing them all day for 3 days walking around the city, my feet still felt great, never got cold or wet.  Great boots!!  I think I may buy them in a second color I like them so much!
B003ELOZSU Very happy with boot I got them in Black...*Great design.*These boots are very comfortable and Well made.*Waterproof/snow proof*very strong material*VERY warm and very stylish...*They are NOT Bulky or clunky and has ankle flexibility*Good traction,the grip on the bottom of the boots are fantastic.The lace up front is great.The lining is soft,boots are light-weight.They  run small...I wear 7.5 I got 8.5 and I could wear thick socks..Can't wait to wear them in the snow and really test them out! I live in NYC.I got free Shipping "With free super saving discount"...I bought it Oct2nd and received the item on Oct6th.Amazon once again  proved that has an efficient customer/shipping service.I'm really happy with this purchase.
B003ELOZSU Perfect WI winter boot After many hours of research, I chose to buy this boot based on several criteria: warmth, waterproof, and style. So far this winter, this boot has handled everything winter threw at it. It walks through slush without any leakage (unlike most other boots with small soles and lots of leather) and has kept warm and dry. As for sizes, I normally wear between a 9 1/2 and 11 depending on the shoe so I chose size 10 and it fits great. Another note, it pretty light weight and easy to walk in with it's strong sole grip (pretty good on ice) but be careful in light fluffy snow.
B003ELOZSU ok, but not really waterproof! I bought these boots at the end of last winter and did not have a chance to use them much in wet/snow conditions since then. When the first serious snowstorm recently hit, I happily pulled them out only to discover that after a couple of hours outdoors, my socks were actually wet!! So disappointing! I think they are not exactly waterproof, and if you end up walking in the snow somehow water seeps through the very front of the boots. Also, they do not have a very good grip and I slipped more that a couple of times... Anyway, warm and very nice looking boots, great if there is not a lot of moisture around!
B003ELOZSU Like it. It's light and warm. Don't have to worry about going through slush any more.It looks nice too, but still a pair of snow boots. Guess I'm just being picky. Overall, I'm happy about it.
B003ELOZSU Warm and comfy I ordered the bluey green color which ended up a true forest green instead.  The boots are comfy and adjust perfectly with the laces!  The only critique I have is that the tongue does not have enough of a side gore to seal out snow if you don't cinch them up well.- the waterproof side on the tongue that is stitched to the side with the laces does not come up very high.  Nevertheless, I will just be lacing them tightly to play in the snow and hope for the best!
B003ELOZSU Order 1/2 Size Up I ordered these boots 1/2 size up and they fit my wife perfectly!  She has been using them in heavy snow and cold conditions and they have kept her warm, dry, and stable on the ground.  Although these are not perfect for icey conditions, and almost nothing other than spiked boots are, they have given her better traction than she had from her other boots.These boots have a nice look to them which fulfills her desire for fashion as well as comfort and protection from the elements.  All around a very good buy and price.
B003ELOZSU Mont Holley Water & Snow Proof....Check Fabulously Fashionable and Functional... Did my research for weeks trying to find a reasonably, priced good looking, yet functional women's snow boot. I eventually ordered a black pair of these Earthkeepers directly from Timberland. I must say their 24hr free shipping during the holiday service was just in time for the East Coast Blizzard of 2010. I just finished shoveling the driveway and digging out two cars. Snow in some drifts was at least 2 feet deep and I couldn't even tell! My feet remained warm and dry and no snow entered the top of the boot. I was outside for roughly 2 hours dressed in winter attire and I only had on 1 pair of long thick socks I I ussually wear 2) but my feet remained toasty warm.I would highly recommned these boots. They are built very sturdy, look good and it is a plus that they are  leather and fabric so they are not at all heavy or clunky like most winter boots. Like the other reveiewers have stated, the size is a bit small. I normally wear a 7, but the thick fleece inside warranted that I go up 1 size to an 8. I am sure this boot will last through many winters. The snow and old man winter have nothing on these Timberland, Eartkeepers Mount Holly Tall Lace Duck Boots.
B003ELOZSU I &lt;3 Snow Boots. I got my actual size 7.5.  I do wear with a thin sock.  That's what I like and they fit great. Sometimes if I don't tie the laces tight and I walk in them, I feel a small blister forming. But that doesn't happen when I actually tighten the laces. They're a pretty awesome little boot.  I don't think they're necessarily a boot for staying in negative degrees for hours on end (well with a thin sock), but my feet stayed nice and toasty for several hours outside in 20 degree weather.
B003ELOZSU Terrific boots The Timberland Earthkeepers Mount Holly Boots are fantastic. They're great looking, sturdy and very well-made. When I'm out in frigid temperatures and/or several inches to over a foot of snow, all I feel is warm, toasty comfort. Despite the boot's appearance, they are also very lightweight. It's like wearing tall sneakers.As far as the size of the boots, I would do as others suggested and half size up if you want to wear thick socks. If you're wearing thin or trouser socks, they fit true to size. In boots, depending on the make, I wear a 6.5 or 7. I got these in a 7 and they fit just right. I'm not saying there's a break-in period but the more you wear these boots, the better they feel. With the amount of snow we're getting this season, I'll be wearing these boots a lot :).They're awesome.
B003ELOZSU One word: Love They came in the mail yesterday (exactly seven days from ordering).  Amazon is really good about quick shipping.I opened the box and couldn't be happier.  They aren't as tall as they appear in the picture, but are still taller than most other snow boots.  I got them in black and they look good without being too "look at me i'm trying to be fashionable".Then i tried them on.  It is the middle of june, and i didn't take them off all day long because i love them so much.  Like other reviewers i found them to fit pretty tight, but that is good for me because i have NARROW feet and often have a hard time finding shoes that fit.  The lace up front was great, they get the boots nice and snug around my small ankles.I hope they are warm enough for Montana's winters (down to 40 below), but they do appear to be water proof.Overall: If you have wide feet, these will not work for you.
B003ELOZSU Love these boots for heavy winters. I have been wearing these boots for two winters in Wyoming. I have enjoyed them so much. Easy to put on any take off. I will sometimes not even tie them. Under my jeans you can't even tell.  They are so warm I have never felt cold even with snow up to my knees. They hardly even look warn so they last a long time. I expect them to last me for many years to come.  I would buy them again for sure.
B003ELOZSU LOVE THESE BOOTS! I got these boots this past summer on clearance and finally have had reason to wear them in northcentral WI.Bought a size 8.0 (I usually wear a 7.5 to 8) and they fit perfectly. I have a narrow foot also.They are very warm and the lace up design ensures a perfect fit.Haven't trudged through a lot of snow or wet stuff yet, but expect they will hold up well and not let the elements in.After buying subpar boots for years from big box departments stores that never held up, I have high hopes for my Timberlands.
B003ELOZSU Love these boots! We got quite a bit of snow over the past few years and these have been just what I needed to get around. They are comfortable, warm and go up high enough that I can easily walk in a few feet of snow. They are waterproof at the bottom and fuzzy and cozy on the inside. Great purchase.
B003EV5JYO Great Boot This is great tall boot for heavy snow and gets my son through the heavy Ohio winter.  It's easy enough for him to put on, although lacing it up is kind of tricky for him.  Still, his feet stay warm and dry and snow does not get inside of them.
B003EV5KB6 Great boot for active girls I bought a pair of these boots in brown for my 4 year old grand daughter last year.  They fit well and she wore them all the way into spring when it got warm.  We had to hide them from her so she would wear her spring sandals.  She loved them that much.  The boots held up well, so this year we bought the same boot in black.  She loves her new boots as much as she did the brown ones from last year, which we gave to Goodwill.  She also said that next year she wants the tan color boots.  They are a hit with my 5 year old grand daughter.  Good value for an all leather boot, and the lug soles grip on snow and ice.
B003EV5NPY Fantastic snow boots I found these boots to have it all. They look nice, are easy to put on and to take off, are warm and do their job of keeping feet dry in the snow very nicely. They are not clumsy and my daughter could run in them. Also they are tall enough to keep snow from sneaking into the boot and have the adjustable drawstring to help the top of the boot fit snuggly. The shiny leather finish does scrap off easily, but these boots are probably the best overall my daughter has owned. Very pleased!
B003EV5P0C very cute and comfy I got these snow boots for my daughter and they are PERFECT! warm, pretty, and they go with a lot of stuff. Don't run around in them because like all snow boots, they're slightly clunky. They ARE waterproof and dry in about two hours! Thats really good news to me--and other parents whose kids like to play hard in the snow(avoid snowless side walks, make snow angels, etc.). The hook and loop strap thing on the top comes out really easily so when you close them, double loop them and they never come out. They are also comfy and like uggs, they are also fur lined. Also like uggs, when they are exposed to snow salt, the suede will harden.(but it comes out in water)
B003EV5P0C very cute I got 2 pairs for my 2 girls, and they loved it. It's water proof so they can wear in the snow and have fun, while suede lining keeps their little feet warm.
B003HKRGUM Timberland 9eye Moc Toe The boots a great! There are comfortable and work well for the hiking, rain and snow. The only thing bad about them is that you need to water proof the nubuck leather.
B003NSBZ82 Timberland Men's Canard Duck Boots Timberland Men's Canard Boots came in the right time for the New York City 2011 Snow Storm weather we have gotten... Beside having a good looking Boot . they keep your feet warm and dry there lace up and weather proof leather will hold the waterl and snow .. There Light and have a rubber sole that grips with out slippery incidents . I Do recommend these boots and will buy another pair for the next years season... these are taking a beating from all these Storms we are having...
B003NUR6CE Not For Winter! Do not wear these boots in the winter, or snow. I think these boots are great and extremely comfortable, but have already fallen twice this winter. The bottoms of these boots are an extreme hazard on hard pack snow.Great for indoors and summer time only.
B003OBZSZO Comfy boots Love my Timberlands.  They are replacing the exact same boot from 25 years ago.  Waterproof--great in snow, good traction.  Didn't need much break-in.
B003OBZSZO So warm and stylish No one makes a boot like Timberland. I love these. They're so warm and great in snow. The tongue partially connects to the wall of the boot helping to keep snow/water from entering in. And they're cute too!
B003OBZSZO Perfect snow boots! During a class trip to St. Petersburg in Russia, I saw one of my friends had these Timberland boots. I thought to myself how stylish and warm they looked! I regretted bringing my Uggs to the snow and slush (they were indefinitely trashed) so I bought these Timberlands for college in the East Coast, where there will be lots of snow and slush. I tried them on and WOW I love them already! They are super comfortable, the fleece lining is so warm, and I can tell already that they will be durable and perfect for a snowy winter! I recommended these to a friend who is also going off to school in the East Coast, and she loves them too!I also like how the flap can fold over, so that when it's not freezing out and I want that folded over look, it's a possibility. I recommend these to everybody, i cannot stress that enough!
B003OBZSZO Gurl Boots We bought these winter boots as a birthday gift for our 24YO daughter. First impression was that theywere too thin and light to keep her feet warm, but last weekend, she spent at the Camden Snow Bowl and the Toboggan races, walking through slush and snow all day long. She is absolutely delighted that these kept her feet warm and dry
B003TFEA5O Perfect! These boots were exactly what I expected. The fit is great and I can wear socks with them. I have worn them in the snow and mud and they are holding up great. I did waterproof them with no change in color.
B003TFEA5O Very comfortable and stylish I love this pair of boots. I got a lot of comments on them. I normally wear 7.5 and based on other reviews I ordered size 7.5 but they are a bit small. I have wider feet and size 8 might have been a better fit. I wire the pair to Colorado and they are truly water proof. They are not slippery in snow but when you step on ice they are not as anti-slip. Colors are beautiful and I wore them the whole time during my stay in Aspen Colorado and they were really comfy. Love them and will recommend to friends.
B0040UDP6C My favorite boots I really like these boots. The fit is great, they've been perfect in the snow, and they've got great traction. Definitely a solid purchase, yo.
B0044KN0PO Great for winter weather! I bought these boots after significant research, and I'm so glad I did. They are great on ice and in the snow! The only downside is that the inside is not completely lined with the faux fur. However, they are plenty warm enough. I've read reviews that complained that they were hard to take on and off, but I'd say they definitely become easier over time.
B0044KN0PO nice boot I have had these boots for about a year now and they hold up nice and i'm very happy with them. When i first got them they were very stiff but since they have loosed up a little and are more fixable. I have worn them in the rain and snow and they do a good job sealing out the elements so i have warm, dry feet! They have gotten scuffs and scrapes but disappear when leather treated. I love these boots and still always get complements on them! If you looking for a cute stylish weather proof boot this might be for you!P.S if you have a wider foot like i do, i suggest ordering a wide because the width is pretty tight especially with a bigger sock.
B004C5QYLI Solid pair boots Style wise it looks great, it's very casual. I won't necessarily used them for severe storms but If you lace the boots tight enough you can pretty much walk around rain and snow without getting your socks wet.
B004FESCK2 Love these boots! I'm in Michigan and needed some real snow boots, so I bought these. They look cute and work very well to keep out the cold! I can walk around and the snow will just drain off of them. My size is a little tight with gel insoles. So far they seem pretty durable!
B004FHCKDE Terrific boots I have a pair of timberland boots that I have used for decades and are still in good shape. I wanted something lighter and waterproof and these are perfect. I have been wearing these for a few months and they are outstanding for both warm and cold weather, wet or dry. They also have excellent traction on slippery surfaces, including packed snow and ice. They are very comfortable.
B004J2HSIC great comfort ,great price I HAVE HAD THESE BOOTS FOR A MONTH AND HAVE WORN THEM ABOUT 6 TIMES. FIRT THING I NOTICED WAS TRACTION AND COMFORT WERE OUTSTANDING. NEVER SLIPPED OR SKIDDED EVEN IN A BRISK WALK OO 3IN OF SNOW ON TOP OF A THIN SHEET OF ICE!!! WALDED ABOUT 4 MILES ANOTHER TIME IN 20 DEGREE WINDY DAY --MY FEET NEVER GOT COLD--BOOTS ARE INSULATED WITH THINSULATE MATERIAL FOR BOOTS. I HAVE SPENT ABOUT TWICE WHAT I PAID FOR THESE TIMBERLANDS--AND THESE HAVE IT ALL--AND ARE A JOY TO WALK IN.OTHER MORE EXPENSIVE PRODUCTS I HAVE OWNED FELT GOOD FOR A MILE OR 2--AND THEN I NOTICED THEY WERE NOT THAT COMFORTABLE ALL--NOT WITH THESE--GLAD I DID NOT SPLURGE AND GET A MORE EXPENSIVE PRODUCT THAT WILL NOT DO HALF WHAT THESE TIMBERLANDS DO!!! GOOD WORK
B004J2HSIC Great boots I don't have much to add from what other reviewers stated; these are really great boots. They kept my feet warm in 10F degree weather and I didn't slip around while walking on/in snow. They could probably be more comfortable with gel inserts.
B004J2PCHG Awesome Pair of Boots I purchased these for a snow trip. They fit perfectly using the sizing chart. I never slipped once so these have very good traction, even on the ice. I wore these with and without wool socks and they felt very comfortable. My feet never got cold or wet. These are a great pair of boots and I am very happy with my purchase!
B004J2PCHG Keeps you dry These are the best shoes for winter comfort and warmth and it can make a snow pile into a walk in the park
B004J2PCHG Wearing them now! I'm glad I got these before the snow started this winter. I've been using them a lot and I've had no problems. They are very warm with lots of grip and are comfortable to walk around in. Well worth the money, definitely an investment to enjoy winter.
B004J2PCHG Best snow boots ever! I baught these for my plow route.They are so comfortable even with breaking them in. I can walk right through any amout of water or snow and my feet stayed dry and warm for hours and hours. Buy these. It's worth it.
B004J2PCHG Awesome boots Got these in the mail yesterday. They are some pretty sweet boots. Despite their bulkiness, they're pretty light. The tread on the bottom is deep for great traction on the snow and ice. They are solid and completely waterproof. The inside is lined with fleece-like comfort and warmth. I love these boots and I hope it snows all winter long so I can wear them as much as possible.
B004J2PCHG Worth It These boots are expensive but worth every cent. Warm, dry, comfortable in the coldest weather. I am in mid north New England and have given them the cold, snow, and wet test behind the snow-blower this winter & it is 5 stars all the way. I expect to have these for a long time.
B004K22QM4 great overall but no grip in the snow These boots are almost perfect! I bought these for a trip to snowy Canada.Good:Great looking - i'm a big fan of the white soles and the brown leather cleans easily with a damp clothWarm - with regular socks my feet stayed perfectly warm with absolutely no issuesFit - fits true to size and the insoles feel like you're walking on a tempurpedic mattress. I ordered the wide and it worked great.Waterproof - I was walking in 3-4 inches of snow on a regular basis for 5 days and not once did my socks get even a little bit wetBad:Grip - They have little to no grip for walking on any type of slippery surface. My friends had legit snow boots and they were fine but I was sliding all over the place. Granted, these may not be made for snow but in case you were buying them for going somewhere snowy, beware that these boots are not made for grip.Overall, these boots would be perfect if they could make the white soles grippier.
B004K26GMK Comfortable and look nice The shoes are great. They're comfortable and I can wear them all day walking around the city. I haven't tested out the traction on snow/ice yet. My only complaint would be that the laces are awkwardly long, but it's not that big of a deal and is an easy fix.
B004KQ0VXG wonderful boots I just got these today and I LOVE them!  I read alot about these boots before I ordered them.  I read that the shaft was tight, but I also saw that they have a flexible gored panel on the back of the boot.  Took a chance and went for it.  I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 in most shoes, but I ordered a 9.5 wide, because I read that they are tight.  They fit perfect in the foot area.  I have large, athletic calves 17" at the widest point, and I broke out into a sweat zipping these puppies up, but I did it!  Today we had 2-3 inches of snow that melted and it's been raining ALL day long, so I decided to test the waterproof, and after a trip to the store walking through puddles that would have soaked any of my non waterproof shoes, my feet are dry!  And the leather is starting to conform and stretch already.  The shock absorbing heel is awesome, unlike any other heel I have ever walked in!  And my toes are not all smashed together, which happens to me in almost every other heel I've worn!  Bottom line, don't be too discouraged by the tight shaft, it will stretch.  I can already tell these will be my favorite boots!**UPDATE**  I went to Walmart and bought a womens 3/4 length insole to put in these since I am on feet alot and always have problems with pain in the ball of my foot.  I have a bunion on the inside of my left foot that always gives me problems in heels, but the soft leather is very forgiving and I have no pain from it in these boots!  After wearing these boots on 4 different days, chasing daycare kids, baking, cooking breakfast lunch and dinner, doing laundry and other household chores, grocery shopping, and splashing through puddings in the rain, they are broke in and SO comfortable!  I ordered them in brown and had some different ones in mind to order for black boots, but changed my mind and ordered these in black for my black boots!  I love how comfortable these are and the fact that they are waterproof has sealed the deal for me, considering we typically get our first snow by Halloween and can still get snow through February and March, and have a couple months of rainy spring weather.  I need to have warm, dry, comfortable feet and don't wanna be stuck wearing ugly, unfashionable snow boots more than half the year!  I only wish these were available in more than just black and brown!  I have several other pairs of boots that I am now getting rid of and will be wearing ONLY my Timberland boots when I need to wear boots!
B004KQ4IWG Great bootie! I almost never write reviews but I love these boots! I did have to buy them in a wide, which is unusual for me since I have small feet, but with the wider size they fit perfectly. I live in NYC, so I am running around all day and amazingly these don't kill my feet. They are also surprisingly weather proof. I have worn them in all weather (literally from rain to sleet to snow) and they have held up really well and have good treads. Overall, a great boot!
B004L36WD6 Comfortable but changes your walking stride I ordered these pair of shoes for thanks giving in a lightning deal and since then was eagerly waiting for it to arrive.Once it arrived it already started snowing, so i wanted to test them right away. I tried walking for about a mile on and off snow. An hour later my knees started terribly paining and it was there all day, not to mention my feet were cold as well. I gave it a rest for a couple of days and started walking with them on, and again knee pain (no i'm not old and i dont get the pain with my other shoes). When i thought about it may be because it changes my walking stride, i'm getting pain in the knees.Other than that the product is true to size, comfortable, same color as ordered, looks really nice with my jeans (got comments frm lot of frnds & colleagues). I thought it would be good enough for snow (not trekking and hiking, just walking or being out in the winter for half an hour or so), but my feet went really cold. For me it's not for walking, not for snow. Decide for yourself.Update after the end of winter:-------------------------------I'm a happy customer after the initial struggles. Goes well with any jeans that I wear.
B004L8USFO Great winter snow boots I brought these a year ago, abd there the only boots that actually keep snow out and the insidesstay dry. Only problem I came across was that sometimes they pinch the back of my ankle. Mine is prob more sensitive due to recent surgery on my achilles tendon. But other than that, I love these boots!!!
B004LKVGNU Get's the job done I bought this for the Minnesota subzero winters and bountiful snow accumulations. It's definitely waterproof, super warm (don't need to wear socks, very comfortable, has great traction in the snow, and still manages to look fashionable.I withheld a star because the price is very steep!
B004LKVGNU A bit larger than expected, but super fuzzy and warm These have become my snow boots of choice, I live in Wyoming and these are warm enough that they replaced my serious snow boots for sledding, but also go to work.  I have large-ish calves, so they only go on over pants that are fairly tight or over tights, but they are high enough that serious snow never gets over the top and snuggly warm, so I kept them even though they're a little roomy lengthwise.  They are tight enough though, just long.
B004LKVJP0 Good Looking Warm, Waterproof Timberland Boots You can pretty much expect a good product by Timberland. I love these boots. They are stylish, comfortable and affordable. They look great with leggings and short skirts. After wearing in the snow and slush, simply wipe them down for a fresh look. They do not hold on to water and dirt. Love them...
B004LL2ZW0 Cozy boots I purchased these boots in black. I go to school in the cold midwest, so I was looking for a cute but durable pair that would get me across campus. They are definitely cozy and I've gotten tons of compliments! They go great with leggings or skinny jeans. My only complaint is that if I don't lace them up tight enough snow can get in under the laces, between the actual boot and the tongue.
B004LLSV5U Absolutely worth the money! These boots are fantastic! I was a little hesitant to shell out the money for them, but once I put them on I knew I made the right choice. They fit great. (Don't worry about ordering a size up or down; I'm a 9.5 and the 9.5 fits just right.) They are incredibly warm and come up to right under my knee. I can't wait for it to snow!
B004LLSV5U Great boots, amazing price! I have been searching for a pair of boots for quite some time. After purchasing four pairs and retuning them due to poor quality in craftsmanship, not enough warmth for the winter temps or poor reviews online, these were the winner. I was a little nervous about getting them on, as other reviews mentioned that all of the laces were difficult to lace up  and time consuming. Thankfully, I was able to slip them on right out of the box, without even unlacing them with only a little tug. The other reviews were right on and I'm very pleased with not only the price but the quality of the product. Thankfully a day after receiving them we  got a foot of snow....since they have such a tall shaft the boots kept out all of the snow...and were extremely warm. They are Well made boots and very fashionable. I wear leggings often with dresses and sweaters and I think these will look great with my normal attire. I plan on wearing them for my many walks with our puppy and on my treks across campus. These are a great pair of boots, and I plan on making them a staple in my winter attire. Don't hesitate, you won't be disappointed with these boots!
B004LLSV5U Stylish boot. Very warm, comfortable and stylish. Lace-ups take a bit longer to get on, so these are not for someone who's always in a hurry. Also, the tongue is loose on the sides so wet snow gets inside if they are not laced tight enough.
B004LLSV5U Bought in Summer, waiting for winter I bought these winter boots by recommendations between 3 pair that I was looking for.  There is no zipper and they go to the knee so they are not the easiest to get off but, they are for snowshoeing and I think they will be perfect for that in our milder weather temperatures.  I have -70C boots for our extreme temps and was looking for something when the weather was al little warmer.  I think they will keep the snow out but I can't say much more as I haven't used them in winter yet.
B004LLSV5U Awesome snow boots They are very pretty unlike most snow shoes. I only used them in heavy snow once but they did a great job in remaining dry and warm from inside
B004LLSV5U Fabulous boots! These boots look amazing and feel great on. They are very comfortable and pretty lightweight. I haven't worn them outside yet, but I'm sure I will soon. I am very short, so I also have very short legs:( These boots come almost to my knee, but are still easy to get on and are comfortable to walk around in. I was a bit scared to spend that kind of money on snow boots, but I think they are going to be totally worth it when it starts to snow in a few weeks.
B004LLSV5U The perfect winter boot I don't usually write reviews, but I am so pleased with these boots that I felt I should. I did so much research to find the right boots and as luck would have it, these were an amazon lightening deal. I now wish I would have purchased both colors that I liked. I have the black/gray. The fit is perfect, true to size. They lace all the way to the foot for a contoured fit, which makes it gret to wear my pants tucked in. The laces lock in place so they do not loosen, even after extended wear. I have worn them in snow and slush, when I take my dogs to the park, and my feet have stayed remarkably warm and completely dry. I don't even wear heavy socks. They are extremely comfortable, even on a 4 mile hike through snow. They provide great support, which was lacking in my last pair of winter boots. They are high, to my knees, and will be perfect when we get some deep snow. These are very well made. Definitely a purchase that will last me several years.
B004LLSV5U You need these boots! If you're venturing to a cold climate you need these boots AND you can walk for miles in cozy comfort! I tromped through northern Europe in the grey boots. By tromping I mean walking, rushing, up and down stairs, sudden stops, etc in both snow and rain. These boots are a dream come true! You really do need them, you won't be disappointed.
B004LLSV5U Fabulous snowboot! These boots are FANTASTIC! I agree with the other reviews indicating it takes awhile to unlace and pull boot on. However, they are worth every penny...very warm and feel so comfortable! Needless to say, you have to love the vibrant colors. I have been wanting a cute knee high snow boot for quite sometime, and I LOVE these. So glad I decided to make the purchase.
B004LLSV5U For the Ladies who love Fashion! I live in the mid-west and was just able to wear these. I bought the Pink'ish pair and have gotten 3 compliments already. the only critique is PLEASE attach actual lip of boot to boot higher so snow doesn't end up seeping through to my socks at the ankle =/  other than that, i got on sale and for the price, i would get another pair if they had it in my size :)
B004LLSV5U Warm and Cozy Living in an area of Japan that can get up to 15 feet of snow, warmth and waterproof are MUSTS!  These boots ROCK!  Not once, even hiking in the snow and slush, have me tootsie gotten chilly!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these boots!
B004LLSV5U Nice! These boots arrived very quickly.  They fit true to size and seem to be very cozy.  Others are right in their critique about them being hard to get on though.  The only reson I didn't give these boots 5 stars is I haven't put them to the test in cold weather or snow yet.  I live in Atlanta, it's Dec.3rd and it's 72 outside at 4:00pm, go figure.  Hopefully, I'll have the chance to test them this winter.
B004LLSV5U Look great and fit well Loved the style of these boots.  So far no snow yet but they look like they will take the snow well.  I think they will keep me warm and dry.  If I find out differently will update my review.
B004LLSV5U Stylish, effective, and comfy I've already got quite a few pairs of Timberlands so this is just another really nice pair of boots to add to my collection. I'm actually in the army so I appreciate good casual boots. There's about a foot of snow where we are now and I just treck through it. These boots dont absorb the moisture from the snow, and are very well insulated so that if you were to just stand in the slush, your feet and legs wouldn't feel a thing. I normally don't have to break Timberlands in, but this pair did take a few days before they formed properly to my feet. Anywho. Very satisfied.
B004LLSV5U nice snow-thermal boot nice snow-thermal boot, and excellent price and quality. the size is equal to my nike sneakers. i recommend this product
B004LLSV5U snow boot These fit well and they are comfortable.  I would recomend them for the all the snow we have been having in NY.  They only issue I have it that I didn't realize what a pain it would be to lace them up.
B004LLSV5U A pretty good boot! Ordered these because they were very much on sale and would get here FAST! We have snow pretty regularly where I live, and I like to have a range of snow boots to keep it interesting. I am very impressed with the warmth of this boot. Of course it takes a little time to lace up, but it's not bad. You've got to be prepared for cold, wet snow, so why not spend a little time? I'm usually a 7 but the 6.5 fit fine. These have a fairly good sole, good support, and of course great warmth, especially for synthetic insulating materials. I'd give them 5 stars if Timberland made them in the USA.
B004LLSV5U I love it! Size 10 wide gives perfect wide toe box for my bunions!  Keeps me warm and dry. Have had them for 2 years and use them in every snow!  I love being outside in the snow and these boots are absolutely the bomb for me! I look forward to wearing them plus they are very cute!
B004LLSV5U Great Buy I am very excited to wear these books this winter. They arrived quickly and without issues with the seller or the product. They appear to be very well made and are comfortable to wear around. As someone who loves slip on/no fuss shoes, these are a little more time intensive to unlace/relace (loosen) to put on but they are snug and I know will keep my feet and legs dry and warm during the winter/snow/rain.
B004LLSV5U Nice boots, but... I was waiting until we actually had snow here in Boston before writing a review, but thatmay not happen this year...crazy weather! I will say that the boots are warm, and lookexactly as pictured, but unless you are wearing a sock that helps to glide your footinto this boot, it can be exhausting and a bit time consuming. I tried them on witha regular pair of wool socks, and the combination with the fleece lining made it tough.I changed socks to a thin pair of nylon/polyester/cotton blend and had much betterluck. You will have to unlace them pretty far down to get them on and off easily,but I have to say that they look great, have plenty of flex and support in the sole,(for me) were true to size 10M, and are very waterproof. So, if it ever snows this year,I'll let you know if wearing thin socks will still keep your feet warm, and how theyhandle when walking on ice and snow.************ We finally got some snow here in the Boston area, and the boots were incrediblywarm with just a thin pair of socks. There was a patch of ice that I went down on, so youstill need to be careful on the ice, but they handled great on regular and slushy snow.
B004LLSV5U Amazing These are so warm, and so amazing. I ordered them a 1/2 size bigger as per the reviews (normally a 6), and they are perfect.  They are great for snow, and for protecting my feet/legs on wet bike rides. So comfortable, too - I have always had issues getting blisters around my ankles from snowboots, and have not experienced anything like that with these.
B004LLSV5U Warm and good looking snow boot I usually wear high heel size 8.5 and 9 in boot. I ordered size 9.5 in black. They are fit perfectly. They are nice good looking snow boot. They keep my legs so warm. One a little compliant, I have to take time for a while to put them on.
B004LLSV5U Just an okay boot What I love about this boot is how tall it is.  I live in the mountains in Colorado and the snow gets deep so I needed something tall.  Great color and good warmth.  What I do not like is they are very difficult to slip on and take off.  It's like the jaws of life.  I tried them without socks and they slip on a little easier.  I will keep them in hoping that they'll loosen up some.  Untying them doesn't help/work as that is just part of the boots looks.  Maybe other buyers will have better luck.
B004LLSV5U Great Snowboots ! I live in Boulder, CO and we've gotten plenty of snow this winter, I've worn these boots almost every day and they are extremely comfortable not to mention cozy and warm. They also go with almost all my clothes. I got the purple ones in size 8.5 which is my normal size and they fit perfectly. Highly recommend!
B004LLSV5U really great boots I bought these because I work outside, and I have two dogs that need to walk every day, no matter the temperature or snow depth.  I live in N Maine, where it is often the coldest spot in the lowest 48, so warmth is important.  The insulation up the legs makes a very big difference in the overall warmth.I read that these boots were difficult for some to get on/off, but I have not had any trouble, and in fact find them easy on/off.Also, they are a big improvement over another pair I had (not made by Timberland) that did not provide good support for walking-- these support my feet and ankles even on slippery or uneven terrain.And, they are durable even in crusty snow (which we have a lot of so far).They do take a bit to dry out if your feet get sweaty, and they are very warm if you are going inside/outside while wearing them, but I wore them to a cross country ski race in Quebec City (very cold place) and they kept me warm outside all day, and even while shopping in the city afterwards.
B004LLSV5U Big bang for your buck! I purchased this product for the harsh Western New York winter and am absolutely in love with the style, color, and comfort of the boot. Definitely well worth my money. Looking forward to trekking through the snow in these bad boys!
B004LLWEVM A very comfortable boot I found myself living in Nebraska so the flip flops were packed away.  These boots are warm and so easy to slip on and off.  Would recommend these boots to anyone who now has to walk through the snow.
B004LQSDSU I love these shoes These are my favorite shoes. I have two pairs, black and olive. My regular size (7.5) fits me perfectly.Both pairs rubbed a bit at the heel until I broke them in.They don't look silly when worn with socks or hose, so they're versatile; I wear them in the winter as long as there's no snow or rain.Be careful on wet, slick surfaces with these soles though; I've slipped and fallen several times.
B004NRUZQ0 Boots I got the boots and I was a little disappointed with them.they where not to the knee as shown in the bio about them they are way below the knee but will be fine in snow and rain but not a boot I would wear at night to go out in.
B004PNE720 Great fit These fit great and seem durable.  Worn in the snow and rain and still holding up. Recommend to buy these.
B004PNE720 Great pair of boots They fit very nicely. Virtually no break in period. They are very comfrtable and 100% waterproof. I was trudging through slush and snow after a storm and had no leaks. I love these boots.
B004REL8TW Boots I purchased these boots for my 8 year old daughter.  The look really awesome and she said they are comfortable.The top has some "fur" which did get wet when we were sledding---because coming down the hill the snow was racing up her pant leg. Not a big deal but if we stayed out for a couple more hours--she probably would have become cold and complained.  The only thing I do not like about the boots---the laces are the bungy string that are connected so the front of the boot does NOT open a lot making it hard to put on and take off the boot.  Not a major deal but I did not like it. I guess I can cut the string if I want.Would I buy them again...yes. Good looks, confortable, did the job for the snow and excellent price point.
B004REL8TW Daughter loves them, but hard to put on/take off Got these for my 5th grader for the winter because I wanted to get her a boot that wasn't so baby-ish or bulky so she could wear them to school with jeans or leggings and not look like she is about to go play in the snow all the time!  Once on, she says they are very comfy and cute.  They played outside in the snow and her feet stayed warm and dry.  They are a struggle to put on though, and even more of a pain to take off, especially when they're wet!  I think I will do what one of the other reviewers said and switch the laces to the non-elastic loop that this comes with and just add regular laces.  Hopefully that will help.
B004RF13C8 Kids love it Purchase for NY cold winter.Found a chance to have a try, warm and dry, water resistence, never mind the boy go through snow or water.
B004T0YVZ2 Great boots! I am actually a small adult female and purchased these boots for myself.  They are great!  I was just out shoveling several inches of very wet snow yesterday.  They are comfortable, durable, have great tread and my feet stayed dry as could be.  Love them!
B004T19U7U Nice product Bought this fir my 10yr old girl. She loves it. Keeps her feet warm from all the snow we got this year in Connecticut. Its fashionable too.
B004T19U7U Timberland willow woods The shipment came quickly and the boots are great, since I live in the mountains I needed something not only waterproof but also with enough traction and also warm enough for some snow but also look cute and these covered all of that, and my daughter really likes them too
B004TDWITU Cute - but not as advertised These boots are adorable!  I myself have had a pair of Timerland boots for over 20 years that never fail to keep my feet warm and dry.  These cute purple boots are advertised as being warm and durable, with "snow-ready rubber soles".  Maybe if only the sole of the boot touched the snow - but my 8 year old granddaughter wore these out in the snow only twice. The first time, she returned with cold, wet feet.  I thought maybe she had taken off the boots and got snow on her socks.  The second time, I was with her.  All she did was walk in 3 inches of snow.  It soaked right through the boots.  The next morning the boots were still too wet to wear.  Even though these have been saturated twice, I am returning them.  I really don't care if I get my money refunded or not.  These should be advertised as fashion boots which are not weatherproof.
B004TDWITU Shouldn't be worn in snow! We've had snow twice so far this year, and both times our daughter's feet ended up completely drenched and ice cold.  These boots are NOT at all weatherproof/waterproof/water resistant and any type of snow/slush apparently goes directly through the material and to the inside of the boot.  It's also ruined two pairs of her socks because the pink boot ended up bleeding the pink dye onto her socks.I'm hoping that we're able to get a refund, as these were a complete waste of money and we are now in the position of having to find another pair of boots for her within the next day or two.  Very disappointed.
B004TDWITU Great For my Daughter We have used those boots on heavy snow and it worked well.It also did not let the rain in and it keeps your feet warm.
B004ZCE19U love the boots Excellent fit, great looking boots, and the deliver awesome two days right for the next snow day. And more snow days in the Garden State.
B0052A79XY Comfy boot, but no good in winter. I had a pair of boots similar to this a few years back and wanted to get new pair. These looked like they would fit the bill and they are a comfortable boot, but I have a real problem with the sole. I was looking for something that might be good in the snow and ice, but easier to get off and on than traditional winter boots. These state they have a non slip sole, but I have to question that given the compound on the sole is very hard. In my experience buying and selling boots I have found (like winter tires) that a softer compound is better for grip, but these things sound like they have wood on the bottom. Walking sounds like I'm wearing tap shoes! I have no idea whether these are any good on oily surfaces, as advertised, but they are hopeless on snow and ice. I'm a big fan of Timberland boots (I have a pair of their hikers which are awesome!) and these are a well made and very comfy boot, but for what I was hoping to get out of them, a big of a waste of money. If I'm slipping and sliding like Bambi on ice in the winter weather, I have to doubt how they would handle other slippery surfaces. Shame really.
B005A5YQ2S Very comfortable...haven't tried them in ice / snow yet. I bought these as everyday winter shoes. They've very comfortable. Not as much side support as some hiking boots, but softer / more forgiving as a result. I have high hopes that they have good traction in the ice / snow.
B005I6Z4JI Nice boots Comfortable boot, but over insulated upper.  It feels like a snow boot. It's winter now and my feet are already hot, by summer I'll probably be wearing something else.
B005I6Z4JI Great Boot, Wonderful Fit,  No Break-In I bought these boots for work... and MAN ARE THEY GREAT.  I am a Delivery Driver in Minnesota and am bound to run into about any type of weather, sometimes without much warning.  I wanted something that was a little higher than a hiking boot so I wouldn't have to worry about stepping into somewhat deep snow.  The extra 2 inches also feels much more supportive on my ankle. The composite toe seems to make the boot quite a bit lighter than steel and doesn't seem to make my toes as cold.  It has been blistering cold the past few weeks, about -20 ferinheight, and these boots with a pair of wool/liner socks have done a pretty good job at keeping my feet warm.  The only thing that seems to get a little cold is my toes.. but it is -20 out for cryin' out loud.  They feel great from the moment you put them on your feet. No break in needed which is one of my favorite parts of the boot.  Plenty of cushion and arch support on the insole, and my feet don't feel like they've been in heavy work boots at the end of the day... WOW!  Traction feels good inside the warehouse and out on the road.  Easy to clean up.  I haven't gotten to try out the waterproof leather and membrane yet other than some snow, but I will check back in spring when I'll be trying to avoid the lakes we will have in the road.  As for sizing goes, I usually wear a 10 1/2 shoe and ended up with a 10 with this boot.  depending on how your everyday shoes fit your feet, they seem to be true to size.  This is a great boot from Timberland, It fits my needs perfectly!If I find something I don't like about these boots I'll be sure to let you guys know... but so far, I can't find anything about them I don't enjoy!
B005MI875U hiking boots What I looking for simple clean design with,support,not a dark color.. Have own other timberland shoes,they wear well,for me tad smaller than other brands. Can't say how hiking in them at time until ,snow has to melted some not great winter boot....up date review in spring.
B005MI875U Great Boots It took a while but finally I got a pair of boots that fit me confortably. I am very happy with it and will be even happier next winter when I will be wearing them when it is cold and especially in the snow.
B005Y7PQNU Great Boots! I've had these boots for a month or so now and like them a lot.  They're great in the snow.  They rubbed the inside of my leg raw for a little while, but I threw on some band-aids, and now that they're worn in, it's fine.
B0063MTW3K Great snow boots I like this pair of snow boots because they are not too tall so it is easy to wear with any pants. They are not too bulky and they hold tight on the feet with their double velcros. They are waterproof and the lining is very warm. My son loves them!
B0063MTW3K Performed very well so far for us We purchased these for our 3 year old to enjoy the snow and go winter hiking in Missouri. So far, he has only been outside for a total of 1 hour (playing in the snow) to 1 hour and a half (hiking, 20 min was on foot, and the rest in the child carrier). The boots, worn with snow wool socks, kept his feet toasty and dry (but the snow wasn't very deep). I checked his feet after he was in the carrier, and his toes were a tiny bit cool, but nothing worrisome at all.
B0063MTW3K great boots for our 6 year old! These are great for the snow but also good for not getting sweaty feet when wearing them in class all day since our son prefers not to have to change into indoor shoes at school. They keep his feet happy and are also very light weight which is great because many times snow boots are bulky and heavy. Will buy again next year in the next size up if they still make them!
B0063MTW3K Warm feet Boots are good looking and my granddaughter loves them. They have good traction in snow and she loves the way they look on her feet.
B006OZLBUI Classy Boots Nice for the fall, and spring, but i'd stay away from winter because they are nubuck leather and snow and water kind of ruins that material. So if you have anything you need to match with yellow, these are the fair weather boot for you light hikers..
B006T307QE timberland Love my boots fits well in Ny we are getting hit with a lot of snow but with these new tims I feel nothing. I'm mad I didn't order them a few weeks early.
B006T307QE Great Boots Due to my line of work, I am in the outddors in every kind of weather imaginable.I am also EXTREMELY hard on my footwear.I have had another brand of boots for the last several years - replacing them approximately once a year.They were pretty decent but the traction on ice and/or snow left a bit to be desired (pretty much their only downfall).This year I decided to mix things up a bit and hesitantly give these Timberlands a try. I say hesitantly because I have looked at and tried Timberlands in the past and to me it looked like the overall quality of Timberland boots had gone seriously downhill.However, I am happy to say there was absolutely no reason for my hesitation! When I put these boots on, not only did they fit like a glove, they felt amazing!The anti -fatigue technology they have incorporated into them is truly outstanding!Wearing them without breaking them in the first day I had them (in a raging snow storm no less) for over 12 hours, I can honestly say my feet were the only part of my body that was not tired.They kept my feet warm, dry, and again, absolutely tireless! And by the way, the grip in the snow and ice was superior too.I have never written a review before but I feel so strongly about these boots, I felt that I needed to share just how good they really are.If your looking for a well built, good looking, solid pair of everday boots, these boots are your answer!
B006T307QE Not bad for the price I guess I did not pay an awful lot for these boots and I guess they are sufficient for what I needed them for. They are really not good for snow and ice however so if you are walking a lot in the snow and ice I would highly recommend against these boots.
B006T307QE watch out on snow I live in the northeast and have had these boots for a month. They are extremely slippery on compacted snow. If you buy these boots and have to walk in the snow, you will go down. Also where the laces meet the toe, the fabric seems to be shredding. Now for the good. Very comfortable,warm,and dry. Also comes with extra pair of laces. I would not purchase another pair. I hope this is helpful.
B006T32HGC high and dry The boots worked best when it mattered, in a half foot of snow in single digit wind chill. I recommend them highly.
B006T32HGC Timbs Feels good on my feet.. It's soppost to be water proof but won't now intill we get snow or showers!
B006T32HSK bulky doesn't look as big and bulky as they really are, they're comfortable and very warm. only good for shoveling snow
B006T32HSK garage door installer approved! Absolutely the best cold weather composite boot I've ever had. Kept my feet warm in -55 below windchill, an that's cold!! You might think they seem a little bulky but after breaking them in they are better than wearing pack boots. Leather is very soft, with a little snow seal on them they should last awhile. Love the rubberized toes as other boots wear the toe area out first.
B006T32HSK bulky, best in snow / extreme cold conditions Nice fit with extra toe room. A bit bulky from insulation and heavy weight. Ideal for extreme cold / snow conditions.
B006T32HSK Great winter boot These boots are large, very comfortable right out of the box. Best boots I have ever had for snow and cold weather,  I am in construction and work outside year around,  After 2-1/2 months they have held up great. I would not recommend for anyone working inside in heated areas. The size takes a little getting used to,  I have tripped up steps and pressed both the gas and brake pedal while driving due to the larger toe area.  Other than that I would highly recommend
B006ZGV9LM Love it! Anyone that is looking to buy a good pair of boots this is it. It fits perfectly i am a size 8.5 or 9 and i went with the size 9 on this one and it is perfect. Of course takes some time to break them in. On my first day tested them out in some slushy snow and my feet stayed dry, so it is true what they say about it being waterproof and all.
B006ZGV9LM Med calf boots Great boots. Dose run small. You can wear it with tights or jean etc... Good for winter weather doesn't slip in the snow
B006ZGZ9RM Cool Looking Boot These boots are super comfortable and they are great for rainy days! I suggest for folks that live in an area of winter where there is more rain than snow. Or for springtime in the Northeast.
B006ZIGRXA Great fit I usually have difficulty finding boots that fit my calves, but these boots fit perfectly.  They also are a beautiful color, just like the picture.  I haven't worn them in the cold or snow yet, so I'm crossing my fingers that their practicality matches their beauty. A definite buy.
B006ZIGRXA Great in the Snow Boots are a bit Narrow in the toe and require wearing in, but once you do they are worth it! They are comfortable and have kept my feet warm and dry through the snow and rain this winter!
B006ZIGS34 Great Boots Well made, high quality waterproof boots. Sole/heel is a little stiff, otherwise no complaints. After a month of nearly daily wear, they still look brand new, and I received compliments on them constantly. Pretty easy to clean, have held up well in mud, snow and slush.
B006ZIGT4C fit perfect I bought these in my usual size,  size 9 and I have narrow feet and my own size fit good but I did take the original insole out and replace it with a very good one that I had which was a gel insole so that took some of the distance between the arch and top of the shoe out. I have a very low instep so if I didn't do that they would have been big. It took me time to break these in, like a month or so. But now they fit like a glove, just perfect. The do not stain or get wet, and you don't slide around outside in them. I live in Buffalo New York so I wear them in the cold temps all the time. The are fine to wear in 10 degrees and 3 inches of snow. They are not winter boots, but with wool socks they are pretty warm. Love them.
B006ZIV6PY These boots are HOT!! Not only are these boots super cute, they keep my feet super warm!!  I split my time between Colorado and Montana so I needed a good snow boot, but I wanted something with some serious style. These boots fit the bill perfectly.  They have a nice, stable sole with great traction in the snow.  I haven't had to spray them with any waterproofing agent because they are so well treated already.  They did feel a bit stiff at the ankle when first purchased, but they softened up in no time and now fit like a glove. As for their style - all I can say is that I have received compliments on them EVERY SINGLE DAY I wear them - no joke!!  I will say I wasn't crazy about the fact that they have to be laced up - a bit of a hassle.  But I've started wearing them loosely laced so I can just slip them on and off.  If I'm going snow-shoeing or know I'll be outside for extended periods of time then I do lace them up tightly for warmth and support, but other than that, I just slip them on and head outside.  The only other issue I have - if I can call it an issue - is that these boots are soooooo warm.  Not really something to complain about in a snow boot, right?  But they are so cute and comfy that I wish I could wear them all the time!!Side note: I also purchased a pair of Ugg's &#34;Jillian II&#34; for comparison... there was no competition!  Although I like the zipper on the Uggs, their style and functionality just didn't do it for me.
B006ZIV6PY super cool Warm, comfortable, great color even though it is not the most popular I love these boots.  I almost wish it would snow forever.
B006ZJ2ZUI Great boot, just not for snow I currently live in Montana and I've been searching for a good pair of boots that aren't at clunky as my winter hiking boots.  These boots are certainly good for rain and slush, but even just a few inches of snow makes my feet freeze.  Also, I've noticed that the tops of the boots have chafed my skin.  I always wear taller wool socks with these boots, but my skin still chafes.  The only time they didn't irritate my skin was when I was wearing a pair of fleece lined pants and a pair of windbreaker hiking pants.  For the price they're great, but just keep in mind that they're best for rain or temperatures above 20F.
B006ZVM90M great winter boots for wet and snow conditions, but size up I just wore these boots for five days in North Lake Tahoe in the snow, including three days of snowshoeing in powdery snow in the woods. The boots kept my feet dry the entire time and they were comfortable. The high calf closure kept the snow out from my legs/feet. The traction was excellent even on slippery icy places. The boots are easy to put on and easy to lace up even with cold numb hands.  My toes did get cold after being in the snow for awhile even with wool hiking socks. I recommend order half or whole size up because of the tight fit around the toe. I normally wears a 6.5 medium or narrow, I ordered 7 medium for these boots and the fit was just right.
B006ZVM90M Comfortable, practical, cute, and stable I bought these boots for my annual Christmas trip to Sweden - and these are doing the job!  They're practical (duck boots are often ugly, but are a must for the traction and waterproof protection), but the design and color makes them stand out.  I was nervous about the faux fur because I often think that it's tacky, but they keep the snow OUT and warmth IN.  I have a pair of "fashion" Timberland boots, and the sizing is the same - I order a half-size up to account for thick socks.  These are definitely comfortable (walking around the city in them all day hasn't given me any problems yet), and they keep my feet and legs warm and dry, even when trudging through almost a foot of snow.  Tested and proven!  These are great for the snow and slush, and they look great with jeans and with skirts and tights.
B006ZVM90M Love these boots Warm, excellent quality, great fit and style I have worn these daily and do all my outside work and farm work in them, they clean up amazingly.  I love the colour and I would most definitely purchase another pair of this style.  Already got some different Timberland knee high for going out for best as these have proved far better than any outdoor boots I have owned previously they have stood up to all the daily dirt thrown at them including snow.  They were also a great price!  I am a huge fan of Timberland boots now!
B006ZVM90M Beware!  These boots run very narrow! My foot is average width.  These boots fit very tight for whatever reason.  Never had this issue with any other Timberland boots.  They are waterproof and very warm.  I've stepped in puddles of slushy snow and my feet remained dry.
B006ZVM90M Nice Boots! I purchased these boots for my wife, who currently resides in Russia. She was needing boots that would allow her to negotiate through the snow, and even more so, the icy conditions that often exist there. She claims that they do quite well, although icy conditions are what they are....still a bit slippery. They do help though, and they are very, very warm in below zero weather. She walks approximately six miles a day (back and forth to work), and she states they are very comfortable.Would highly recommend these boots if you live in an area that harbors extreme weather conditions.
B006ZVRS1C great shoes I bought these on a whim and I love them. Really comfortable and look great (plain but not boring). I also think they're waterproof bc my feet never get wet when walking in the snow.
B0070SHSGE Bought them three times for a reason This is a classy looking shoe that is waterproof ta'boot. I tend to bike, run, skateboard, trudge through snow, walk in the rain, and plenty more in my oxfords, so this is just what I was looking for. Four stars because the suede look doesn't last long and the soles seem to wear down quicker than I'd like.
B0070Z106G Kind of like sneakers I liked the sole of the boots, it's flexible and my son thought it was like sneakers. The boots are very light weight. However, I was looking for a boot that will not take in water, and I'm not sure these fit the bill. Also not sure they're warm enough for freezing temps in the snow. They might be great in dry chilly weather but I ended up returning. As for sizing - he wears a 1 (Kid) in most shoes and these were slightly big, they nearly came off when he took them for a test run in the living room.There is a velcro strap to tighten but I felt that wasn't enough.
B0070Z106G Mittens for your feet These boots zip together. They are light weight and probably don't have much support. They should do the job, my son isn't the type to be out in the snow for hours. They should be very portable for school. Wish I had a pair for work on snowy days.
B0070ZBUES Trully warm and waterproof Last winter I also had bought the Thimberland snow boots, just different model and they worked out great for us. So this season I wanter do buy the same model, but they were out of stock, so I decided to get these instead - they looked quite similar. These are great boots, really waterpfoor  - already tested in snow and sludge. His feet are warm and dry. I bought a half-size larger because when it's freezing outside, I put wool insoles into the boots and he wears wool socks. My sone loves design, I love quality and durability. Higly recommend.
B00710M2N0 Great snow boots for our 10 year old Living in New England, our 10 year old needed a pair of waterproof snow boots.  We looked around at local stores and couldn't find anything he was happy with (gotta love shopping with a 10 year old right?) I finally told him that I was done driving him from store to store and to find a pair online that he liked.  He found these on another website for almost 30 dollars more than Amazon had them, so when we found them here for $60 bucks, and prime eligible, it was a no brainer.He really likes the waterproof top tie that allows him to chase his friends through the snow without ending up with a boot full of water as was the case with so many other boots; he also likes the color scheme.  We like the fact that they're good sturdy boots, not floppy like many of the very cheap snow boots at Walmart or Target, and they will probably outlast his shoe size, perfect for a pair of hand-me downs or for a spare set should we have visiting little feet over when it's time to play in the snow.
B00710M2N0 These boots are amazing These boots are so very cute. They are a must have in the weather we are having right now. There is so much snow and these boots keep my daughter's feet so warm. They fit well and they are adjustable as well. She loves these boots.
B00711TQNS Great Boot Got these boots for my  6 year old daughter. This winter has been brutal for us in Illinois this year and she needed something with more warmth and grip in the snow. So far so good. Put the new purchase to the test today as we were dumped with about 8 inches of snow last night. So far boots worked like a charm. Even have the signature steel toe which is helpful as well as being waterproof.
B00712KA3C stylish, waterproof, affordable I bought these boots for my 4 year old and after 2 months of pretty consistent wear in the rain, snow, and cold, I am very satisfied with the purchase. These compare to the Harwell boots by UGG, at nearly half the price. Great buy - I highly recommend these!
B0071BD33M Love these boots!!!! So, my now 19 mo old hates shoes, but he absolutely loves these! They are very well made and sturdy, so I think he feels safe in them. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a great toddler shoe! I just hope that they make it through the winter for the snow, because he is growing os fast. Oh well if they don't I can always buy bigger size:)
B0072AE45S Snow boots Durable and stylish with a weird name title for the boots yet unique. Bring on the winter snow and slush.
B0077635G6 pretty dang nice these boots were very warm and kept all snow and water out. they were also extreemly comfortable. the size is almost right on (a tiny bit big wich you need for socks). the grip on the bottom is very nice. very good traction.
B007782V1O Great boots! I normally wear a size 9, and ordered both a 9 and and a 9.5. I probably could have gotten away with the 9, but I wanted room to wear thick socks. The boots are comfortable and cute! As another person mentioned, the taupe and olive photos are reversed on the website. I thought I was ordering olive but received taupe. It didn't matter to me because I like both of the colors. I got these for visiting the snow, and they kept my feet dry and warm!
B007782V1O these boots are fantastic ;) I like them very much. They are comfortable and warm.I bought them because I haven't boots when it gonna snow and I'm glad to have chosem them
B007782V1O Good boot for Winter I am a college student who goes to school in central PA, where snow is normal almost everyday. The boot is warm, never cold feet, sturdy, sometimes feels a little heavy, but well worth the price. I know they will last me for a while. It is more fashionable than the regular construct, I have received several compliments from males and females.Good buy!
B007782V1O Took a lickin' and still look great I love these shoes. I wore them in snow, sleet and mud, and my feet all the while stayed dry and relatively warm. When they dried out, there was no water damage or discoloration. They're very comfy, and give you good traction on slippery ice. All that said, compared to other winter/sport/hiking boots, they're also really cute, in a rustic way.
B007782V1O LOVE them So much more than expected--warmer and very waterproof they've done well on the ice and in the snow. Would recommend!
B007782V1O Comfortable and Sturdy I bought my boots for vacations in the snow.  They were warm, comfortable and strong.  They have a very rugged look but it's okay since I mostly used them with jeans.  They are cozy inside. Definitely a good purchase!  I am regularly an 8.5 but bought a 9.  They fit well and still have enough space for a thick pair of socks.
B007782V1O Amazing warmth and very waterproof I live in the northeast and have gotten a ton of snow storms this year.  These boots are amazing.  I was just standing in about 4&#34; of water and slush while shoveling the end of my driveway and my feet remained completely dry.  I finally decided I have to go out of my way to give them a great review.  Snow, rain, slush, puddles are no match for these boots.  Oh, and they are warm and comfortable too.Also, I wore them hiking in a rocky area and I felt very sure-footed.  Good traction.I got a wide width in my regular size since I have a wider toe box and they fit perfect.  The laces could be longer but that is a very minor complaint.  If you are on the fence, get down and get these boots.  You won't regret it.
B007782V1O high quality but a little bit too large The quality is great--no wrinkles after almost one month wearing every day. Very good on snow but very slipery on ice. The bad part is the lace--looks very cheap and not as soft as others and very easy to loose up.
B007784JI2 Solid boot These boots look great, and are warm, in fact too warm, hot. The average temp in my area for this winter has been 36 degrees Fahrenheit over cast and rainy. These boots are comfortable and so far have not leaked, I submerged them past the sole just to see. However, the glue is separating slightly from the sole of the boot where my foot bends. I love the grip on these boots, they are excellent in the mud, no slipping even on the ice and snow. The boots look good in slacks and jeans, not to weird like most Timberlands. I like how the boots are wider so boot cut jeans don't touch the ground. Overall this is a great boot for how cheap it is.
B007784JI2 Not sure you can do better... These boots are excellent.  They fit well, are quite warm, and the tread pattern really helped ascending hills in the snow, They do run about a half size big, so that's something to keep in mind, but considering the price and Timberland's quality reputation, I'm not sure you can get better bang for your buck.
B007784JI2 Excellent Boot- held its own in Colorado's single and low double digit cold this past weekend I got these shoes two days before my ski/snow trip to Breckenridge, CO.  I already had my snow boots (Kamik Nationplus boot) but wanted something to wear around that wasn't too bulky. This fit the bill perfectly, but it worked way better than expected. My feet were warm throughout the entire trip. In fact, I only had cold toes when I wore my snow boots on the last day of my trip! These boots were actually warmer than the full-on snow boots.Love them. I got this dark brown leather as well as the lighter Timberland fabric one. Prefer the dark leather, but that's personal preference.
B007784WSO great boots they are not heavy and fit perfectly. good for snow and ice.I recommend them. nice color also.thank you
B007784WSO VERY COMFORTABLE, BIT STIFF AT FIRST. I usually don't write reviews for products I buy, but these are soo comfortable and warm I had to share. living in southwest MIchigan, we get tons of lake effect snow and our share of sub zero wind chills. These boots were just what the Doctor ordered. I used these to shovel and snow blow my drive way 6 times so far and because of their comfort, I had forgot that they were snow boots.  the collar is a bit stiff at first, but with a couple wears, it soften up a bit.  looking for a good boot that is comfortable, and keeps you warm? Give this one a try!!
B007784WSO Husband says "I like them." Not a man of many words, that was the most I could get from him.  (Sorry.)  But I'll say that he did smile when he put them on and when he came back inside from shoveling snow during Snochi, (February 2014 snow storm) he said his feet were warm and dry- no double socks.So there you go.  My husband tends not to say too much, on these types of things anyway, but I can tell that he likes his new boots and has worn them each day to work since he got them.  I'm inferring that they are warm and comfortable and serviceable for work (not construction). Type of work: tractor trailer driver with some unloading involved.  Can't give 5 stars because he didn't say he &#34;loved&#34; them.
B007TGA2JM Love them I had been trying to buy these forever and finally got them bad part is.... they are so pretty I didn't wear them out because the snow was terrible this past winter.
B008AH79FE Great coat MY boy loves this jacket, its super warm and comfy and great in the snow, waterproof so it doesn't soak when rained on or snowed on!
B008N7GT9I Awesome Boots Thanks to the good reviews on sizing, I ordered a half size bigger and they worked great.  I ordered these for my husband and he LOVES them!  He uses them in the rain and snow and they always stay dry.  Three months, 2 ft of snow and two hiking trips and they still look great.  Ordering a second pair right now.
B008TNCG6Q My new favorite camp footwear! I love these camp boots!! I've worn them during every outing this past winter and spring; 20 below to 60 above, inside and outside, snow, rain and sun. I have yet to be disappointed. I'm a men's 9 1/2, so after reading a few reviews, I ordered a men's 10 from Backcountry (only $56!!) The treads have great grip and are quite waterproof; the uppers are warm and comfy, and NOT waterproof. Yes, snow gets caught in the zipper (knock it out before you go inside). Yes, sometimes the zipper is a tad stubborn when hitchin' them together (just be patient & gentle). I love the packability!! They fit nicely inside my Hyperlite pack, they fit just as well in the outer side waterbottle pocket! I may even order a second pair, just because!! I love these camp boots!! Remember to order a 1/2 size up tho.
B008TNCG6Q Cool boot but not a replacement for traditional down booties I had a winter camp out coming up and my son had lost my down booties.  In looking for booties I really wanted to find something with a thin rubber sole.  I don't like the cloth bottoms on many of the booties, so I was attracted to the construction of these boots.I bought the Radlers and took them on the camp out. The weather was pretty warm (30 to 35 F) with about a foot of snow on the ground.  After hiking in and setting up camp, I took my hiking boots off, and padded around in the Radlers for the rest of the evening.  They were soft moccasin like boots in their fit and feel with plenty with good wiggle room for two pair of thick socks.  Toward the end of the evening my feet started feeling a little cold.  So there you have it they just aren't as warm as the traditional poofy  down booties.All said I will keep these boots for other cold fall and spring camps when there might be cooler weather and a mixture of dirt, mud and snow, where a down bootie wouldn't work but one still needs a good camp shoe at the end of the day.  I was impressed with the durable construction of such a light weight boot.The zip-together design is very cool but comes with a catch.  If you walk in any soft snow it will collect along the ridge of the zipper.  I kept it brushed out but wonder if left there for a long time if it might melt and leak into the cloth upper of the boot.Again I really like this boot but if you are wanting an ultra warm option for those super cold winter overnighters this probably isn't your boot.
B008TNCG6Q not bad They fit alright but the insole isn't very comfortable. Convenient and east to pack and they keep the water/snow out. A bit pricey for the novelty though
B008VPU0GK Sturdy and comfortable Fit to size. Sturdy and comfortable. Waterproof, slip proof, good for snow and rain. Timberland is a reliable brand for boots.
B008VPU0GK Very confutable Not sure if this boots are for working. I'm a framer and this boots work great and very confutable. I had them for about a moth now. And I have put them through a lot rain,snow not mentioning claiming up and down the roof. Till now they still holding together.
B008VPU0GK I LOVE THESE BOOTS THESE BOOTS ARE GREAT.  LIVE IN CHICAGO AREA AND WE HAVE HAD BRUTAL WINTER.  THEY ARE GREAT IN THE SNOW AND VERY STYLISH.  CAN BE WORN WITH JEANS ETC
B008VPU0GK Comfortable from day one Fit is good, although might be snug for someone who genuinely has D-width feet and wants to wear warm socks. I wear them largely as sloppy-weather winter shoes, and they are perfect for days with a little snow or slush.
B008VPU0GK love em I live in WI. Lots of snow and rain and ice. These boots are awesome.  Good traction, feet dry nice and warm little wear and tear on the outside. Will buy again next year.
B00910UVGS Delivered right in time for the big snow! These boots were just what was described.  We are not using them for long hikes or extreme temps.  They have proved easy to get in and out of with a side zipper.  They fit just snug enough around the top to keep the snow at bay.
B009NOZ6PS Temberland These boots are good in the snow and ice, we had a lot of snow in New Jersey. They are true to their size, I have size 12M and they are comfortable on my feet. I can wear them all day.
B009OL2L94 Great Boot I love these boots so much. They are both stylish and practical. I was expected to have to spray them to keep the boots waterproof but never got around to it. My feet have stayed dry all winter. They are very comfortable to wear in the snow and have pretty good tread against ice. Overall, I love them.
B009PNJW5C Perfect I read some online reviews before my purchase and I had got a while size smaller than usual and I like the fit.  It feels and looks really durable and super stylish too. I can't wait to wear these around during the winter. It comes up passed the ankle and has realyl good support. This also is a plus because the snow or water won't wet your jeans or pants.
B009RPNCMM Love this shoes. Just dress in black, add a touch of red to your attire, and nobody will realize that these are hiking/snow resistant boots. They are warm, no need to break them in and they have the perfect looks.
B00ABN8YVS amazing it protected my feet from the rain and snow and it keeps my feet warm. definitely buy these if you want to style and profile your needs and outfit.
B00AQMAYCG Great boots! I wear a size 8.5 women's and after reading about girls' sizes, bought a 6.5.  They fit perfectly!  The boots are very nice; they're fashionable and don't look like children's shoes at all.  They also seem sturdy.  I'm wearing them in the late fall and early winter, before the snow arrives, with a pair of wool socks.
B00AQMB9O8 I love it Very prettyI love itIn snow, my child enjoy with themTall boot prohibit snow into bootsVery good
B00AQMDTAK Great for kids My daughter love it it's roomy great in the snow no sliding and warm in side the color goes nice with most of her outfit for school and play
B00AR1VI30 I loved the boots! They are not heavy and my daughter said they were very comfortable. They kept her very warm in the snow.
B00AR1VI30 Tongue doesn't close well My 5 yr old son has worn these boots all winter and was excited to buy them because of the shoe lace.  Naturally, we always use the side zipper to put them on and take them off.  Somehow, his shoe laces loosen and make it so that the tongue slides out.  The fabric attaching the tongue to the boot ends just below the ruff, so I've been concerned about snow getting in.  Thus, when he's played in deep snow, I would tuck the top of his boots into his snow pants. I would have preferred a taller solid boot that didn't have a tongue.  (Plus, he's gotten a couple of comments about wearing girls' boots because of the ruff.)
B00AR1VI30 Great snow boots! I bought these boots for my 20 year old daughter who was born with a bone abnormality which stunted the growth of her hands and feet, so she has kid's size 2 feet and it's so difficult finding kid's shoes/boots that don't look so childish. These boots are perfect! She says they are not only warm and comfortable, but somewhat stylish and grown up looking! Very happy with the product and great service.
B00AR3GB9O Perfect! Very good snow boots, warm and good looking! The only thing that I had to buy a 5.5 size for my 2 yo and it's a little bit hard to put them on...
B00AR3GB9O perfect took a risk sent as a surprise to America during sudden unexpected snow. boots actually got through the snow and were much loved and appreciated. Thank you
B00AR4HHNW Not good for snow Sorry I  thought these r snow boots, but they skid a lot not good as a snow boots ...... I will return it
B00AR59MBQ Great! It fits very well. And pretty nice as I expected. Also arrived quickly. Very useful in winter to prevent snow and water.
B00AW7M97S Love these boots! Read Reviews and got a size larger! I had ordered some Timberlands in a different style in 8.5 but they were too tight around the part of my foot below my toes. My feet are average width. I thought I would give it another try with a differnt style and after reading reviews decided to get them larger than usual. I bought them in 9. I won't be able to wear 2 pairs of sox but they do fit and the boots are good looking and also good on the snow and ice. No slipping today. ( I just wore them today for the first time.)
B00AW7RBGC These boots are my travel buddies I bought these a couple weeks before a two week trip around Europe. Its sometimes hard for me to find shoes that are supportive without being heavy or stiff and that fit my slightly wide feet well. After trying these out on a couple shopping trips before leaving, these are the only shoes I took with me for the two weeks. I've only had them for a month but they have gone near 100 walking miles with me and they are still in great condition for many more.I have lower back pain that can sometimes be exacerbated when walking. I haven't experienced any back pain while wearing these boots. I've walked around for 10 hours in a day, out in snow and over ice, and they are wonderfully comfortable. They grip very nicely, too. And this is coming from someone who is very afraid of ice and seems to slip and slide a freakish amount.The *only* complaint I have is that they could really use a loop on the back for putting them on. Since they don't unzip it takes a good deal of maneuvering for me to put them on my big feet. There are two side loops, but I don't find them very useful. Ok, and I did put little ball-of-the-foot cushions in while traveling to prevent some pressure, but I was on my feet a LOT. Walking in more snow/rain/ice/sleet than dry conditions with these, I haven't experienced a leak.I also can't tolerate much of a heel. If my foot isn't in a flat position when standing, my feet ache. The heels provide support without feeling like they add height.These are clearly not super stylish, they are very classic and functional. I think they look perfectly nice. I wear them with dresses/skirts and tights. Personally, I think they'd only look good with jeans if they were very skinny at the ankle. I have very large legs - about 21&#34; at the widest part of my calves - and the ankle is more than sufficient on these. There is plenty of space between my ankle and the sides of the boot when I am wearing tights and socks.I highly recommend these shoes. Besides my Converse All-Stars, I can't think of another shoe that I've owned that I've liked more.
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect purchase! I am completely in love with these boots! First of all, as advertised, they really are waterproof. I have no qualms even getting through snow in these boots. Also, they really keep your feet warm! And of course, they are super cute, I've gotten many compliments wearing these. They are also so amazingly comfortable, I lived in these boots this winter. Love my Timberland boots!
B00AW8HF9Y Perfect snow boots Great for snow days in Boston,MA. I use them on my commute to work. It defiantly keeps your feet dry.
B00AW8HF9Y Fits great but. . . I have skinny calves and narrow feet so it is VERY hard for me to find boots.  Well, except in Europe for some reason.  Anyway, these fit me so great - it's been a long search.  Also good traction in snow and cold in to office at ski resort.  Great buy.
B00AW8HF9Y great purchase I bought these boots for my 17-year-old daughter, who desperately needed a new pair of winter boots. These could not have been more perfect. Other reviewers commented that the boots were stiff; she did not experience any problems at all. They are snug on her calves, but they're not constricting. I do think that if you have large calves, you would have an issue with these. She finds them to be very comfortable, and she's worn them in sub-freezing temperatures and trekked through the snow. They're also stylish; not just a winter boot. So glad we bought them!
B00AW8JG9G Comfortable for long walks Good weight and very comfortable for long walks. It works well in the snow and muddy weather. I have strong legs and it fits nicely.
B00AW8JL0A A Little Tight and Squeaky 9 times out of 10, I wear a 7.5M w/o any problems.  This pair of boots is a little tight in the toe area, but the rest of the boot fit properly.  So since I had to have a pair of boots for snow/ice, I kept them.  After wearing them a few times, they began to have a funny squeak--it sounds as if the boot is breaking loose from the sole, but when I try to physically move it with my hands, nothing moves; so I'm unsure of the cause, but it is a very annoying sound.  The boots appear to be well made with good material and are waterproof and I've had no slips or falls on the ice.
B00AZPO1BY Great Shoes!  These fit great, perfect for walking on ice, snow and look good with a business suit I was worried about the reviews i read in relation to running large.  I ordered two pair and they fit great (size 15).  had them on for a day in Minnesota (negative 5 degrees) ice and snow on the ground......These shoes hugged the ground!  wish Timberland made care tires! lolSeriously, they fit great, and I am buying 2 more pair this morning since it is so difficult to find really good snow/ice business shoes that work well with a suit.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great pair of boots I really like how the boots are water proof. Makes it so that I can wear it in the snow and still be ok. I still recommend getting a spray to protect it. It fits very well and is something I could wear on a night out. Highly recommend this for anyone.
B00AZPPEQ0 I bought these for winter in germany... There was no snow but there was refquent cool and rainy weather and they were warm and dry in spite of their thin and lightweight material. I love the look as well, especially with jeans and can be dressed up a little or down.
B00AZPPEQ0 Nice winter shoes Order received quickly after purchase and the shoe is comfortable and warm.  Very good in poor weather where slipping is a issue due to rain, ice or snow.  Fully recommend them for others.
B00AZPQV6C So Comfortable I've never spent over 60$ on shoes before. I did hear and these are worth it, I'm up in the New England climate and with all the snow here, these are great, even sinking into snow, these keep my feet really dry and warm.That's what they are suppose to do, these may be the most comfortable shoes I own, I thought I'd just be wearing these with snow and rain, because they're waterproof, however I find myself wearing them almost everyday.
B00AZPQV6C 4 star for fitting, style and comfort Great fit perfect for snow and trekking in marshy areas.. Water-proof as expected easy clean up and great design.. Can also be worn for casual outtings
B00AZPQV6C Perfect choice! Definitely order half-size down.  Comfortable for all day wear on college campus.  Waterproofed for wear in light snow, slush, rain.
B00AZPQV6C Have yet to wear it on a more daily basis. Quite comfortable despite some extra room in the front, which as one person had mentioned in their review, it's part of its fit. So far my only gripe is that when the shoe came to me, the lip underneath the laces was a bit bent out of shape, but it was not a big deal. Hope it keeps my feet warm and works in the snow when I get to Germany.
B00AZPQV6C Timberland Never disappoints! I live in Minnesota (Winter here is really bad) and I work in software company. I was looking for boots that  go well with my Khakis and Chinos. These boots suits best for my serach criteria. They are good for snow sleet and rain.
B00AZPRQ66 Great Fit and very comfortable! I bought these boots and they came in quick!! They did not take very long to break in and are very comfortable and yes waterproof! I will test them out in the snow and update later in the month.
B00B9PADWA Stylish and Fit My Hobbit Feet. But No Traction. Love these boots.Unfortunately they seem to have absolutely no traction.This winter has been especially dangerous as even the slightest bit of ice or water is a hazard.
B00B9PADZM awesome boots These are great! They are comfy, and very warm for the snow and winter weather. My boyfriend also plans to use them.for hiking in the summer.
B00B9PIUS4 Ok. Not great snow or water protection. They are not great winter boots. Stepping in 2 to 3 inches of slushy snow will get your socks wet.
B00B9PJBDC Just what I wanted. I love the style, they fit me perfectly and they have great traction in the snow and ice.  They're perfect for me to wear to work and comfortable enough to wear all day, unlike clunkier Winter boots.
B00B9PM53U Good boots esp for the money. Great boots for the money. I wear 10.5 and had room to spare for some Dr Scholl's. Good grip on snow.
B00B9PM53U Nice boot I got these for my son in his 20's and he said they are very comfortable. His regular size has room for a thick sock. He has not tried them in snow or rain yet, so I can't comment on their waterproofness. They are warm. Amazon had the best price I could find.
B00B9PM53U timberland great boots, i have tested these the way i normally do, while riding snowmobiles in norther Wisconsin.  they are waterproof and have shown to have great grip on a variety of surfaces.  The boots fit as they should, and held up very well even when i would bite off more than i could chew, with snow up to my waist i did get some snow in the top because of my snowpants being pushed up.  Great boots very very comfortable and i would recommend these, along with the tall version. good bang for the buck, good quality
B00B9PM53U Perfect for snowy weather I just used these Timberlands in the snow and it was fantastic. The fit was great, and kept my feet warm. It feels very light wearing them. I did feel that they were perfect for shoveling snow. Would buy again! Love these Timbs!
B00B9PM53U very comfy, great traction I wore this to a snow camping trip and found it very comfy and great traction on snow.  No slip.  Durable.  Great quality.
B00B9PM53U Timbs are In! Great fit, feels very comfortable. It's like I'm wearing sneakers. Wore them while we had a snow storm & my footing was fine.
B00B9PM53U Really comfortable right out of the box! I'm getting ready to move from south Florida to Colorado having never seen snow before. They fit perfectly for my shoe size (9.5) with enough room for a very thick wool sock. No breaking in necessary as they felt great on first wear!
B00B9PM53U Perfect fit and it is really Water proof I wasn't expecting anything with this product. I mean I don't really expect nothing when I purchase on Internet.But this boots are just perfect. They are really waterproof, and I live in Canada where there is a lot of snow and waterproof boots needs to be waterproof boots! Mostly when the snow melts.They are confortable and a little bit warm, I won't recommend them to pass through a winter of - 35C.
B00B9PM56C Fantastic snow boots I am so glad I got these when I did. I have bean shoveling every few days with them. Easy on and off, easy pull lacing, warm comfy, and look great. Also pretty light weight.
B00B9PM56C Winter Boots This was for my son and he has been wearing them every day. In the East we have been hit with a lot of snow. He said his feet are warm, fit was great and he loves the boots. I'm almost thinking of buying another pair, as that's how much he liked them.Sincerely,Chris
B00B9PM56C awesome boot Glad I bought these boots....my feet are now warm as I shovel the snow in this bitter cold winter. Thanks
B00B9PM56C Great Insulated Boot Great boots for Winter weather in Boston.Well insulated to have dry and warm feet when walking in snow. The price was very good too.
B00B9PM56C gotta break them in!! If you want to be able to walk in the slushy snow and rain puddles without fear then these are the boots for you. They are surprisingly light weight they feel and look of great quality, and theyre quite warm. Im used to wearing the timberland premium boots which have the construction look and you will need a half size larger than those.Im usually a size 8.5-9 in nike sneakers and a size 9 in these boots was the perfect length.CONS -This boot is very narrow when theyre new. I have flat feet which are wider than average because theres no arch so these boots were extremely tight from the sides almost to the point where i thought i couldnt wear them but i wore them indoors and outdoors to break them in and i swear it took about 6 days wearing them for them to be comfortable they shaped to my feet and are now very comfy warm and extremely waterproof.Give them a chance to break in that first week and you'll love them.
B00B9PM56C Great boots for snow They were perfect for the snow which snuck up on us. My son is very happy to no longer have wet sneakers.
B00B9PM56C Great Snow boot This was an excellent boot that serve me well in the deep snow of Lake Tahoe. They held up really well and are very comfortable. They still look like there brand new. I would like to purchase another pair.
B00B9PM56C Great winter boots! The boots fit very nice and keep out the water and cold. Snow or rain is not a problem with these boots. They are also very warm on cold days. Would recommend.
B00B9PM56C Great Boots Great product this is my second pair of these kind of boots and they fit like a glove. Good on a cold day or snow day. Very pleased with these boots.
B00B9PM56C Wore them right away! My new boots came during our second snow of the year!  I took them out of the box and put them on to shovel the driveway, walks and steps.  they fit like a glove and were very comfortable.  I also have a driveway with a bit of a slant and I have been slip sliding when shoveling in my prior boots.  Not the case in these puppies.  They grabbed the driveway and I didn't have to worry about sliding down to the sidewalk after each shovel.  They were also very warm and I can't wait for the next snowstorm to hit so I can wear them again!.
B00B9PMQE8 Outstanding boots! These are great winter boots for the following reasons:-Very warm-roomy, allowing for thicker winter socks-very good tread for snow and ice-surprisingly lightweight for winter boots-Dressy look which allows them to be worn in a business casual environment and no need for changing shoes on snowy days.I highly recommend these boots.
B00B9PMQE8 Perfect winter boots! I havent got a chance to wear this in snow but am sure it will perform well.. but on a cold clear day 40F kept my feet very warm.. Its quite light and comfortable as compared to the warmth that it gives!!
B00B9PMQE8 Good pair of shoes for winter This experience is from using them in Boston winter.These are nice pair of shoes offered by Timberland.Styling is something which does not look too work boots like and not too formal. A casual style that you can ware in office yet tough and warm enough so that you can wear them on snow days. Perfectly waterproof, in snow and/or water slush upper leather may get wet but feet inside will stay warm.The shoes are really warm and Primaloft insulating layer really works. Fitting is somewhat little large, but you want your tough boots to be that way as you can then wear thick wool sock if needed. Although I haven't needed really thick socks.Sole is rough and tough enough to be able to walk off road or in snow. It gets some extra grip on road.This gray/green color I felt better suitable for bit more casual look than brown color.And just to feel better about them, Timberland shoes are made from full grain leather and the rubber sole is made from 70% or more recycled rubber.
B00B9PYALU Boots Bought these for my son to take with him to college where there is lots of snow and cold temps.  They look great and feel warm. He is happy with them.
B00B9U0FQE Awesome boots. Very good pair of boots.  It fits perfectly and does what boots should do.  I usually wore them during snow and rain, and it left my feet dry.  The also look very nice as well.
B00BCJV7H8 Great for warmth Great for warmth.  It will do just what I need it to do. It allows for warmth and snow fashion
B00BCJV7H8 nice-looking boots but slippery Size - 6.5 fit perfectly. I wear size 6 riding boots.These are nice, warm boots but unfortunately slippery. I used it for the first time with snow on the ground last night.  I almost fell several times while walking on the streets.  I will keep them as they look good and kept my feet warm but I'll stick with my Helly Hansen boots if I'll be walking on snowy streets.
B00BCJV7H8 Stylish winter boot This is a stylish, well made winter boot. I haven't worn them in deep snow, so not sure if snow will get inside the boot due to the tongue not being sewn all the way up. It is only sewn to the ankle. I read previous reviews concerning sizing up, I normally wear a 7-71/2, I went with a 71/2 and they fit perfect with a thick sock.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice looking snow boots The boots fit perfectly. They are true to size, they are comfortable, warm and cute. I love them. Happy customer, after one return i found the boots i was looking for.
B00BCJV7H8 super boots I absolutely love these  boots.  All the snow and cold we go this year and I really enjoyed having these boots.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots, just don't get them too wet I love the look and fit of these boots,  but a little snow on the toe and you can feel the cold immediately.  The tread is good and sturdy, which is why I purchased to avoid slipping and falling after a recovering from a broken foot in the fall.  I am very please with these boots, they have worn well and I expect to get another couple for seasons out of them.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a comfortable, sturdy winter boot.
B00BCJV7H8 Timberland snow boot I bought these boots based on others reviews and I have to say they were right on. These boots are warm, fit well (I normally wear a 6 1/2 and ordered these in a 7 and they are perfect with a slightly heavy sock). I get a lot of compliments on them every time I wear them. Now I just have to see how they will clean up. Great purchase and worth the price.
B00BCJV7H8 Amherst, MA I'm from So. California and for college I moved to Amherst, MA. I bought these boots for the cold and snow and so far they're working out fine. My feet are kept pretty warm and definitely dry. However, I have yet to try them out in snow.
B00BCJV7H8 Comfy Snow Boots These were so worth the cost.  My feet have stayed nice and warm during this brutal NE winter this year while still feeling cute while wearing these.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boot Glad I read the reviews before ordering. I wear size 8, ordered 8 1/2 and they are a great fit and I really like the look with tights. Boots arrived three days before a snow storm with temps below zero with wind chill. My feet were warm and dry walking the dogs.
B00BCJV7H8 Cozy and comfy I bought these shoes for an upcoming winter trip to China, but for general winter use too. My feet get cold very quickly and I was looking for shoes that would keep them warm in snowy conditions, while still looking stylish--and these seem like they fit the bill. I have had the chance to wear them in windy/cold weather and they have performed very well and, based on that, they should be okay in snow too. I also have REALLY narrow calves (that's what happens when you don't play sports as a child) and these can definitely be tightened enough to be snug around them...no point in gaping snow boots!As for fit--I wear a 7 in flats, but I ordered a 7.5 in these boots (after reading other reviews about fit) and they fit perfectly with my cosy cashmere socks. I think a 7 with thick socks would have cut my circulation off a bit. I bought the grey--the color (as pictured) is more of an olive, but that's exactly what I wanted and am very pleased with the look.As of right now, I would definitely say these are a great investment!
B00BCJV7H8 Great looking boot! Great looking, stylish and practical.  Ordered a half-size larger to accommodate a thicker sock. Comfortable mid-calf to keep the snow out.
B00BCJV7H8 Not as warm as expected Warm, but I wouldn't go out in 3 feet of snow wearing these. Definitely the most fashionable snow boot I've ever owned though.
B00BCJV7H8 Great pair of  boots! They are very comfortable, warm and dry. Perfect for my needs. Worth the wait of re-stocking. Happily awaiting the next big snow.
B00BCJV7H8 I live in South Dakota and these boots are awesome I bought these right before the crazy cold snap that the U.S. just experienced, and with temperatures getting down to -32 with the wind chill, these boots were a god send.The fit was as expected but I have pretty average feet. As with any shoe, these weren't the most comfortable in the world until I broke them in (which was very quickly). The boot looks exactly like the picture and after a little bit of wear loosened up, and they are extremely comfortable. With a foot of snow on the ground, I put these to the test immediately.My feet stayed extremely warm and dry despite all of the awful weather around. South Dakota is notorious for its hard winters and these boots are hardy to match. The fur lining garnered the jealousy of many of my friends when they noticed my boots, and I've gotten a lot of compliments on them.If you live in a cold climate like I do, these boots are definitely worth it. I debated going a half size up for bigger, thick socks but with these boots I've been wearing regular socks and my feet still stay plenty warm. The traction is also great on the snow and ice, I've never felt more secure wearing a pair of boots and tromping around campus.5 out of 5 stars!
B00BCJV7H8 High quality - water proof Really nice boots. I live in MN and this has been one snowy and cold winter - and these boots have done me right thus far.  The only thing I wish is that they were taller - over the calf. They are waterproof to the degree that they have tromped in the snow for a few minutes at a time and my feet stayed dry. They are also warm and fit true to size. There is a nice faux fur lining but that will wear down quickly after a couple of wears and it is not as puffy - this really does not matter in regards to the overall quality of the boot. Worth the $125 I paid and I should be able to get two years wear our of them.
B00BCJV7H8 Exactly what I was looking for Yup, I love these boots.  They are a bit heavy, but that's to be expected.  I usually wear between a 9.5 and 10.  I bought a 10 and they fit perfectly, giving me some room for thick socks.  They seem extra durable.  I love that they come up my leg to ward off the snow.  I'm all ready for snow season.
B00BCJV7H8 warm boot The boot is great for snow and outdoor cold weather activities. Can't tell yet but seems to be water resistant too
B00BCJV7H8 Do not support so much snow The boots are beautiful, and very comfortable. I live in Leipzig (Germany) and the boots are selled here, as well. So I thought these are able for a very cold weather, but for my surprise, the boots do no get my feet warm, and I was feeling TOO MUCH COLD. If you need this boot just for a rainy summer day, they are great. But if you gonna use them to step on snow, just buy another.
B00BCJV7H8 Cute, practical boots I love these boots. I purchased them in Tobacco and the color looks as it does in the picture. Not only are these boots warm and great in the snow/slush but they aren't as heavy and bulky as other brands like Sorel. A great winter investment. I would definitely buy them again.
B00BCJV7H8 great boots! I got these for my daughter who lives in upstate NY with lots of snow and freezing cold weather. She loves them and says they are very warm. I got the wide because they didn't have the medium and it worked out great so she can wear heavy socks.
B00BCJV7H8 These boots look great and are warm and comfortable. I would definitely recommend these boots.  They will be great  for the snow or rain with good traction and are warm as well.  They fit true to size.
B00BCJV7H8 Great Winter Boots! I recently purchased these boots after all the snow we've been getting hammered with here in NYC. Not only have we been getting snow but below zero temperatures. I got tired of feeling like my toes were going to come off from frost bite. I kept buying winter boots from local shops but I always ended up throwing them away. I decided to check out Amazon and thank God I did! These boots are very warm. I can truck through snow like a pro.My only suggestion is to order a size up because while they do fit my feet they are a little snug.I enjoyed my boots so much that my husband got curious and ordered a similar pair for men for himself.
B00BCJV7H8 Exactly What I Was Looking For I needed a pair of snow boots, and am tired of the &#34;ugg&#34; style. They are ugly and most are not water resistant. These boots are perfect - they fit perfectly, even with slightly thicker socks and are warm without needing special socks. They are comfortable to walk in and are waterproof.The color is pretty - like most have said in their reviews, the warm grey is actually more of an olive drab green - which is what I wanted. As long as you know that's the color, there's nothing to complain about.The biggest test will be longevity - I used to have to buy a new pair of snow boots every year, because I would by $40 cheap boots and they would wear out, let water in, or weren't very warm. I have high hopes for this pair to last me several winters.
B00BCJV7H8 Luv the Look The boots are really nice. They keep my feet warm but only if I don't go into snow. Due to the hardness of the boot, snow makes the boots colder. Great on wet surfaces. They don't slip or slide. That is a super discovery. They look wonderful, feel great, and I will definitely gt a lot of wear out of them in the coming months and hopefully years. Thank you for a good and good looking product.
B00BCJV7H8 Best snow boots ever I bought these for the traction in snow & icy conditions & after the recent snow storm they proved to be the right choice.  No slipping or sliding.  I bought the 1/2 size up like the majority of the reviews suggested & they fit fine.
B00BCJV7H8 I love them! They fit just fine and are warm (do wear regular socks though, not thick ones).  I feel very safe walking on all of this ice and snow we are having here in Michigan.  No fear of slipping or falling.  They are very comfortable.  I have only worn them about 5 times, but definitely no sign of leakage!
B00BCJV7H8 Amazing boots I ordered these boots on Cyber Monday and got a great deal...even better is that they are amazing boots.  I wanted a boot that had all the desired elements of a warm winter boot, but wanted it to fit more like a shoe and not be big and clunky--this is a great boot for that.  VERY comfortable and warm too, excellent grip/tread for walking in ice and snow conditions.  Looks great with jeans, underneath or tucked in so you can see them.  Ordered in the brown...my only little disappointment is that it is photographed to look like there is more of a two-tone contrast with the two shades of brown colors, and really it is mostly a solid colored boot, you can't tell the difference in brown colors very much, even up close.  Nonetheless, this is a great investment.  These are my first Timberland brand of anything, I am definitely impressed and will purchase more from Timberland.
B00BCJV7H8 Very nice winter boot I've walked my dog through snow in these and they lived up to my expectations.  My feet stayed warm and dry whether I walked through snow, slush or mud. :)
B00BCJV7H8 Let It Snow Best pair of snow boots I have ever owned.  Keep my feet dry and warm. Snug fit but not tight. Plenty of room to move without feeling pinched.  Easy to lace up and undo. Boots slide off and on nicely.
B00BCJV7H8 GREAT Boots! I bought these boots for Christmas in Wisconsin and they were great. I knew I wanted Timberlands but I couldn't find a size 11 on the Timberland website. I wanted practical boots that would also look cute with jeans and legging and these fit the bill. They are true to size, comfortable, warm (worn them in so much snow), waterproof, and nice looking (I think they look even better with a little wear and tear. I LOVE THEM.
B00BCJV7H8 Perfect for those icy days I was walking in ankle deep snow and these shoes performed superbly. My feet stayed dry and warm the entire time. Those shoes grip well on ice and snow.
B00BCJV7J6 Great Snow Boot I've been looking for a really good snow boot and this is a perfect boot.  they are very comfortable and keep your feet nice and warm
B00BCJV7J6 Overall good boot. I am happy overall with these boots. They fit well even with extra socks. Definitely waterproof, as we have had snow melting and flooding I walk through much water. My only complaint is if I'm out for long periods of time my feet started getting cold.
B00BCJV7J6 Timberland Snow Boots This boots are very comfortable and warm. I order them for a trip to Illinois and my feet stayed warm and dry even on wet snow.They fit perfect and look good. I will  also be using them for hiking. I think this was a great purchase.
B00BCJV7J6 great waterproof boot This is a perfect boot for the winter.  It's great in the snow, slush and rain.  So far with the 55 inches of snow in NY this year, the boots have prevented my feet from getting wet.  They stay warm and dry. A great value for the price.  Fits perfectly.
B00BCJV7J6 Love these boots! I have a really bad back.  I mean, really bad, with a plate.  I mostly bought these boots for the ice and snow in the winter, but I now wear these around the house too instead of my slippers.  They give me great support and really help my back tremendously. I get a lot more done now around the house than I used to be able to do because I was in so much pain.  Since we haven't gotten the rain or snow we normally would have by now, I haven't been able to test them that way, but looking at the soles I think they'll do great.  These boots are also extremely comfortable on my feet.
B00BCJV7J6 Happy with my new snow boots I realized after many awful snow storms & frigid cold weather that I really didn't have appropriate snow boots. Fortunately my sister found these on Amazon, after I checked out the description & saw the price I went ahead & ordered them. I found them to be very comfortable, they kept my feet warm & dry on these nasty winter days.
B00BCJV7J6 Very happy I bought these as snow boots and have only worn them a few times.  I purchased Timberlands because my husband has worn the same pair for years, daily and he still loves them. I've only worn these a few times because I purchased them at the end of the winter but they are tall (which I need in the mountains of WV with our snow fall), very stylish and comfortable.
B00BCJV7J6 timberland boots I really have no complaints about this product, they fit very comfortably , very warm, and I would recommend these boots for any reason in cold weather. I ordered them for snow weather, always worry when order online something won't fit, but in this case I ordered 8.5 (M) and they were perfect fit....love them
B00BCJV7J6 snow boots that do it right These snow boots from Timberland live up to their name.  I had to wait for winter to officially begin to properly judge them, and they have performed as I had hoped.  The wide toe box is sufficiently roomy, which is a problem for me normally.  These are well insulated, as the current 10 degree outside temps are illustrating!  The treads are excellent in the snow, slush and on icy bits.  And the laces, which for me usually untie after an hour or so, hold their knot until I untie them.  All around an excellent buy.
B00BCJW35I Fantastic! Got these on sale! These will probably last me forever.  Comfortable to walk in all day and surprisingly warm. Barely know they're on my feet.  Wonderfully waterproof in the snow.  One of my favorite buys! Timberlands have always run small for me though - 1/2 size up when you purchase!
B00BCJXLHW Great boots! I ordered these about a month ago and have worn them many times since! They are warm, waterproof, and have very good traction on snow/ice. The seem a little heavy when I first picked them up, but don't seem stiff or heavy at all when I wear them. I could only get the sides only stay folded down when tied together, but the front will stay down by itself which hides the knot. I have small ankles/calves and they fit well without gaping, and the boots fit true to size.
B00BCJXLHW Comfortable boots I bought these boots as a gift for my teenage granddaughter.  The boots fit perfectly and were really comfortable to wear.  She wore them during good and bad weather (snow) and says has been delighted with them.
B00BCJXLHW Love this boot The one negative:  the fit is tight getting on.  I've found that I have to wear thin socks, the least bit of thickness makes it difficult to get on.Once it's on, the fit is perfect; no problem getting off.  Cozy on inside with fleece lining.  The burgundy is a fun and unsual color for this style of boot.  Wearing them in cold weather, walking on snow packed sidewalks and they served their purpose well.
B00BCJXLHW Not too comfy. I like these boots, but the foot bed is too firm and not very comfortable.  I bought them to use as snow boots. but I haven't had an opportunity to try them in the snow yet.
B00BCJXLHW Great for snow and Honestly thought I bought these off of the Timberland website. Great for snow and fashion
B00BCJXLHW Exactly What I Was After In other shoes I normally wear a size 7.5 or 8. I ordered a size 8 and when I first tried them on they felt a little big, but I've worn them a few times now and wouldn't change the fit at all!I wanted a boot that was fashionable, but practical and I'm extremely satisfied with these boots. I've yet to wear them with leggings or skinny jeans, but with normal jeans they look very nice and my jeans fit over the top very well without any bulging. I'm assuming they will work perfect with skinny jeans tucked into them as well.I live in Wisconsin, am in college and walk to class every day and we recently had our first snowfall and these boots kept my feet dry and warm. I walk through the slush and snow without fearing my feet will get wet or cold. I also bought them in hopes that they would have better traction than my normal footwear. I did slide a little on a patch of ice, but haven't at all in the slush or snow!Overall, I'm absolutely in love with these boots and would recommend purchasing them to anyone who is looking for a fashionable and practical every day winter boot! I'm planning on wearing these boots all Winter. Also, the haven't need much breaking in at all, they were comfortable the first wear!
B00BCJXLHW Good fit! Nice color! I find them difficult to get on and off, but they were great walking on snow & ice! Very warm. I don't fold them over.
B00BCJXLHW These are a must. I live in these shoes now. I just moved to a state farther north than Massachusetts from Atlanta and I needed a pair of snow boots. These shoes are not only cute and go with just about everything, they are warm and comfortable AND WATERPROOF. I recently tore my ACL so I'm wearing a knee brace while trying to walk in one foot of snow, and I wouldn't want anything but this. They have so much traction, even in slush, and help balance my on the leg that can no longer support like it did. Also, they keep my feet warm, even when I wear the thinnest socks.I recommend this shoe to anyone, and would buy it again if anything ever happened. (I doubt anything will happen though because these shoes seem indestructible).Also, order your true size, I'm an 8.5 in women, 7 in men, and they fit perfectly.
B00BCJXLHW Love them! I'm preparing for the snow since I live in a tropical country, these just arrived and I just love them! They are very comfortable and warm, and the quality is great. They look a little bit gray in the picture, but they are black. They are also a little bit big or bulky, but I guess that is expected from boots designed for cold weather.
B00E41UQBE nice boots The boots fit well, leather is soft and flexible. It looks solid and comfortable to wear. Not too sure whether it can keep the heat when walking on snow for a longer time. Need to try them.
