B000073TM3 Oversized Runs very large. Length is perfect but the rest is huge. You can only wear them with crazy thick socks like you would only wear up north. Also not flattering at all. The look plastic not leather.
B0000AT8CK Great, except they dye your socks Maybe I haven't worn a boot in a while... wait, yes I have. I wear boots all the time. What am I talking about? ANYWAY, this boot seems to, uh... well just look at its interior. See how it's yellow-orange? Now, what color are your socks? White? Grey? Any color except black? Well these boots will run its colors into your sock! So when you pull the boot off it looks like you've got YELLOW socks! Kind of gross! It does it to every pair of socks I own! And the yellow kind of comes out in a wash, but not entirely. I really don't care THAT much, nobody sees my socks ever, but I thought it was a bit odd that nobody else mentioned it in their review, as I can see this being a dealbreaker for others.But it's still 3 stars! A nice boot other than that!
B0000AT8CK Gift for daughter - specifically asked for! The boots are great.  She typically wears a 7.5 - 8 shoe (more often a 7.5).  We got these in a 7.5 and she needs to wear thick socks to make them fit as she would like.  Partly contributing to that is the fact that it seems the style for these boots (for a 19 year old) is to wear the laces very loosely tied!
B0000DFAXV review I like them they are just cut a little big, I will need to wear a heavier pair of socks.
B0000DFAXV Perfect Vermont Boots Fit a little large because I usually wear a 1/2 size smaller, so I have plenty of room for thick socks.  Not enough arch support with included footbed, so I swapped the footbeds out - not unusual for me.  Now comfortable to wear all day, and my feet stay dry, no matter where my dogs take me. These boots are very practical & sturdy, but also look great with colorful wool socks and rolled jeans. A better alternative to desert boots if you live somewhere wet, cold and muddy, like I do.
B0007T4IGG Great boot! I needed this boot quick and Amazon had my size 15 2E in stock. I prefer using thick cotton socks and the fit is just right.
B000AKVA6I Comfortable once you can get your foot in them. When I recieved the boots they were packaged well and look very nice. I had a very hard time getting them on the first few times and once I got the boot on they were a bit big but comfortable. They have loosened up after a few times wearing them. Once they are loosened up I can throw on some thick socks and they should fit perfect. I ordered some mink oil to help soften them up.
B000B2HQ5O They look even cuter in real I was surprised as they arrived, they were even cuter than I thought. My littlest likes it very much. He is 1 year 10 month old, 88cm tall, 14kg. He was wearing 7.5, and had space as I ordered the boot, so I ordered 8 to have a little more space for the thick socks. 8 fits good, he has some space, one finger,  as it should be, although I think it wont fit next year, and I think it will not fit with the merino wool socks I bought, but it doesent matter, since the merino wool socks turned out to be too big for him (his bigger brother is going to use them). The shoes does not just looks nice, it has a good stable and at the same time soft sole (not as soft as sneekers, but softener than most boots. I think I wont have problems with the quality. I havent tested the waterproofnes till now, but watching my kid I can say they are comfortable. They delivered fast.
B000BB15ZC I like them + Very comfortable and fits my foot perfectly+ Water proof+ Good sole traction- not very thick. I need to wear some thicker socks in the winter, but I don't mind
B000BFIHVS Boots That Feel Like Walking Shoes These were bought for weekend hikes but are so comfortable that I wear them everday. After a year of hard use the boots are even more comfortable.With most shoes I wear a 10.  These boots are 10 1/2 and fit me very well with thinner cotton socks.  If I lived in in a cold region and needed bulky wool socks these boots might require an 11 instead of the size 10 that I usually buy.The lacing system lets me control the fit with the boots snug for serious hikes and loose and relaxed around the neighborhood.Per mile, a tremendous bargain.
B000BFIHVS Seem like great boots, but big I first ordered the 10.5s (which is what size I normally wear for shoes).  I put my foot in and there was sooo much space.  My buddy put his size 13 shoe next to this and noticed it was just slightly smaller.  So I opted for these 10s.When the 10s arrived, they fit much better than the 10.5s, so I ripped the tags off and went walking around.  Seems that was a bad choice as when I started walking a bit, there still seemed to be a bit too much space.  Now I can't return them.  :-(I've even tried wool socks.  With that, the sides feel too tight, but the length feels better.  I bought some hiking socks that are a thickness between regular socks and wool socks.  Those make it a bit better, but if I go on a hike for many hours, I'd prefer a better fit.I have worn these a couple days and they are waterproof and pretty comfortable.  So as a hiking boot, they seem exceptional, the sizing was my only issue.
B000BFIHVS great fit, good arch, no break in needed for me I got these for some general outdoors activites and hiking with the family. I got them a half size larger just to leave room for some good thick socks. Out of the box they were comfortable to me. No break in needed really, just like my Keen shoes. I was very happy. They appear to be very well made and I know I should be able to get a lot of miles on these. Id buy again when these need replacing.
B000G21BSC Love These Boots These boots were comfortable from the moment I put them on.  I have a wide foot and they were true to size even with thick socks.
B000G24LJS TIMS I Love the way the shoe looks. They are a little longer; nothing a extra pair of socks couldn't fix.
B000MQHHB2 I think I will buy more! I used to wear generic socks all my life and feet always smelled and I would get tired easily from walks and ingrown nails. I haven't learned that the more &#34;expensive&#34; socks actually made a difference until i tried a more appropriate socks. I bought these because I had good experience with some older timberland socks and these do the same great job. I will probably buy more since I killed my older socks.
B000MQHHB2 Size 11.5 foot and the socks fit fine. I bought these in the 3 tan colors for my husband to wear with his khaki pants. After going to a conference for a week and wearing each pair, I asked his opinion of them.He said they were fine, very comfortable and fit great (his shoe size is 11.5). He's a little picky with socks, they can't be too short or too tall, they can't be too thin or overly thick, etc. He said they were "just right". I washed them and they came out very nice, without pilling or losing shape. Overall they are a great pair of socks!
B000MQHHB2 6 more pairs  just  arrived - great  socks Comfortable  and durable  soc good  price.  Try a few  pairs  out.  You  will  likely buy more. I originally  bought  3 pairs,  then  3 more. 6 more were delivered today.
B000MQHHB2 Gray Socks Hard to Find I have a very hard time finding gray socks for my husband. We were happy to find these. They fit as expected and are very comfortable for him. They hold their shape well.
B000MQHHB2 Very happy with socks We bought socks from several companies for my father. Of the ones we have tried, these fit the best.  The stay up, are easy to put on, and fit comfortably.  We bought more a few days ago.
B000MQHHB2 Best sock ever I've had the black ones for quite a while, and ordered new black and grey ones.  They aren't quitters, staying up for a very long time unlike other socks.  They're just thick enough that they're comfortable.
B000MQHHB2 SO SOFT! Very comfortable, long lasting, soft and great quality!  We bought some from our local Ross/TJ Maxx/Marshalls and now they are the ONLY socks my fiance will wear :)
B000MQHHB2 Changed This style Timberland sock used to be made in the US and I wore them almost everyday to work for over five years.  They are now made in Taiwan and the quality is noticably inferior to the older product - the material is thin and tight - almost like dress socks.  If you're looking for soft, comfortable sweat socks you'll have to look elsewhere.Edit: ' just wanted to add that the description says they are made of 83% cotton.That's not actually true: these newer ones are 48% polyester and 44% cotton as per the label.  The older style were 87% cotton.  And I can't vouch for the black ones, but the white picture is an accurate depiction of what you're getting.  I'm going withWigwam Men's At Work 3-Pack Socks, I think.  Three pair for ten bucks and still made in the USA.
B000MQHHB2 good wearing excellent socks  best I have bought  I do not need to write 14 words do it do it do it
B000MQHHB2 Comfortable, quality socks I've been very happy with these socks so far.  They're comfortable, attractive and seem like they will hold up over the long haul.
B000MQHHB2 good quality socks I bought these cotton blend socks for my boyfriend. He says they are soft and comfortable. Have nice thick sole for the right amount of cushion.Just thin enough to allow for airflow without feeling flimsy. A great value!
B000MQHHB2 Very Comfortable, Warm - Best Socks for Winter These are incredibly high quality, comfortable and durable socks.  One would never brag about their socks, but these are really incredible.  I wear them both on the weekends casually and for running outdoors in cold weather.
B000MQHHB2 great socks, great price Never had purchased Timberland socks -- only their shoes.  No surprise to find that they are very nice socks, though. Glad I bought them.
B000MQHHB2 Great socks! I've been buying and using these socks for the past two years, because of the brand and it's price. I have to say that I've never had socks that would last me for almost two years without a single whole, I use them for everyday beacuse they are very comfortable.I will definitely keep buying these socks......great quality/price relationship, same as with the brand's shoes, I've been buying them for the past 15 years.Thanks.
B000MQHHB2 Loved it great quality Bought these socks for my brother over seas He absolutely loves these socks so much so that I had to purchase more and send him another batch.  They are nice and thick in the sole.  He loves the texture.  He swears by them and I I have to purchase here and mail over seas to him  !!
B000MQHHB2 Not like they used to be! These socks used to be thicker overall and have more padding on the bottom.  Those who like thinner crew socks would be very happy.  7/13 REVISED.  My husband loves them, though, and has asked me to order some more!
B000MQHHB2 comfy pretty comfy and durable socks.  they do get a little tight halfway up the calf but not too bad and you can just slide them down anyway.  i like em
B000MQHHB2 Timberland Crew Socks These are great all purpose socks.  Fit good and hold up to many many washings.  Keep there shape and have never stretched out of shape.
B000MQHHB2 Most Comfortable Socks I Have Put On My Feet. Form Fitting, Shrinks Back Into Shape After washing. A+
B000MQHHB2 not true crew I bought the 3-pack crew with the Sand, Khaki and Stone colors. I like them because these colors are an over-the-calf type sock that 'stays up'. So far three washings and sock still wears as when originally bought.Thinking all the Timberland crew socks were like this i ordered from a different site{twas cheaper} in the grey color. The socks delivered were a 'true' crew sock, pretty much top of socks a couple inches above ankle bone. Didnt 'stay up' as well as the tri-colored socks, so went back to Amazon and ordered more of the tri-color socks. Tri-color not offered at other site.Both the grey and the tri-color had same style number, just that tri-color had a subsequent number to distinguish color, i guess.I like these over-the-calf because of the 'stay up' aspect, keeps my foot portion of the sock from bunching up in the heel area, in my work boots.Update 9/4/11  As per some of the most recent reviews, these sox have changed a bit. Ordered 2 packs thinking of receiving the OTC style. Nope, tis a true crew now. Thinner sock but fits OK. Not for me tho, the OTC ones stayed up better.
B000MQHHB2 My husband loves these socks! He is on his feet for work most of the day, and these socks have ample cushioning to be comfortable  and just enough stretch to keep them in place and well fitted to his feet.
B000MQHHB2 The best My husband uses Timberland socks all the time.  They are well made and last a long time.  They are comfortable with any shoe.  I will always continue to purchase these.
B000MQHHB2 Timberland socks appear to be hi quality I like these socks. After 8 hours of wearing them My leg blood circulation seems restricted and I am glad to get them off. But I would buy them again. I was not able to find the same color at Amazon that I had purchased at a local store.
B000MQHHB2 Love these socks I am a woman that likes these socks to wear with my hiking boots.  I will buy again. they are soft and durable.
B000MQHHB2 Quality Socks These are comfortable easy to wash and last and last.I have worn them for years and they are hard to wear out.
B000MQHHB2 Sounds petty but....Love these socks! I was looking locally for a timberland store and could not find.  Bought some of these years ago and they had lasted years!!  The best socks ever.  Had to buy some more and found them here.  Socks are not interesting but i sure love these.  Have enough now to last a long time.
B000MQHHB2 great fitting Easy to wash and cool to wear. Have been using them for years and they last forever. I ilk better than gold toe socks
B000MQHHB2 Not half bad! My new favorite! These socks have a drastic difference in thickness between the footbed section and the ankle/calf section. At first, I found the thinness of the ankle/calf section a little off-putting... But, after some use I've grown fond of this design and now it's my new favorite. These hold up quite well, they are much more durable than I would have guessed at first glance.I don't know if these particular socks are currently in production by Timberland, as they tend to discontinue most all of their styles after just one season. I don't see these in any Timberland stores or on their website, so I picked up some extra pairs here.
B000MQHHB2 Perfect fit Great socks perfect fit and happy to recommend these to anyone.best casual wearing socks i have ever found on t.he market
B000MQHHB2 My hubby's most favorite socks in the world for the last 8 years My hubby's most favorite socks in the world for the last 8 years.  He wears them with his work boots.
B000MQHHB2 Timberland socks They're great. They fit just right and are very comfortable. They hold their shape and don't fall down like other socks when I exercise.
B000MQHHB2 Timberland socks Last year I asked my son what he wanted for Christmas and he said these Timberland socks...I thought that was an odd request because I usually buy him one big item, but he said these were the best socks that he has ever had since he became a policeman. They support his arch and are very comfortable in his work boots.
B000MQHHB2 Good socks These socks have a comfortable fit & enough elastic to keep the socks up, without cutting off circulation.
B000MQHHB2 Misleading description I ordered these socks expecting a two-pack of 3 socks for a total of six socks per order (Which is what the product description says).  Instead I received just a single pack of 3 socks per order.  At $12 per pack, that is a cost of $4 per pair of socks which is extremely expensive.  Amazon should correct this misleading description.
B000MQL2TK Great color and fit. We were excited to find this color in no show socks.  Wear great and wash well.  The socks are not thick.  Perfect to wear with tennis shoes or Sperrys.
B000MQL2TK pretty good so far but jury is still out on theses puppies I love timberland socks. I have bought them and paid their premium price for their goods for a number of years. These guys seem real good. I will keep tou posted.5-18-13 update; good socks.  Worth the money. 5 stars
B000MQL2TK Great Socks These are wonderful socks. They are super comfortable and are the perfect length for no show socks. They come up about an inch over my running shoes so they aren't completely hidden and aren't too high. What I love about these socks besides that they are really comfy is the length is perfect and I can't feel the seam that runs over the toes at all. I hate that. These socks do contain a small amount of polyester so if your feet tend to sweat in pure cotton socks they'll likely sweat a little more in these since polyester doesn't breath as well as cotton does.I've had these socks for about three months now and they look just as they did when I first got them. I liked them so much I just bought them in white.
B000MQL2TK Good pair Nice pair of socks, a little light but overall they are lasting me a while without wear and rips. Only when I wore them with shoes that had some ripped up soles they the socks start to go downhill. But as far as comfort goes and durability these are a purchase worth the price.
B000MQL2TK nice quality tan no show socks Nice quality socks. Hard to find no show socks in tan. we will purchase again. this is a nice brand
B000MQL2TK Timberland No Show Socks These socks are really comfortable/soft. They come up low on my ankles which is what I wanted although I am a size 11
B000MQL2TK Comfortable They are very comfortable and appeared to be well made. They don't feel as thick as I'd hope for this type of socks though.
B000NKIGNK ran slightly bigger than expected The laces are a little annoying if not tied securely, but do go a size down if your socks are not very thick. I usually wear thicker socks with this pair (and I already have inserts) for a nice fit.
B000VIAOMU PERFECT! These little shoes are AWESOME! My daughter can really have fun outside in these and they protect her feet and ankles as we explore outside. I recommend wearing thick socks to protect their feet and take up any extra room in the shoe. I also recommend letting them wear them around the house a couple times before wearing them outside.
B000VQ9QKS Really nice winter boot Bought these as a winter boot rather than to hike in ....Boots are very nice looking, lightweight and the fit was good. Regular socks are comfortable, heavy socks a little snug but does not rub or hurt feet.  Definitely needed the wide size.  Would definitely recommend this boot and of course, Timberland's never disappoint.
B000VQ9QKS Timberland Women's chocorua trail boot They fit great, I love the color,  they're comfortable even with thin socks, they're waterproof, the name Timberland says it all.
B000VW69IY My wife and daughters are happy now This is a great looking sandal.  It is cool and comfortable and my girls love it's looks.  They usually see me in rough around black sandals with white socks.  Maybe it's the socks??  Oh well, everyone is happy now.
B000VX01V4 The look is great, but they stain the socks very badly :( I loved the look and I knew my husband liked them too. The look is very nice& good material, but the shoes stain his socks RED every time he wears it with white socks. It's a shame that a Timberland shoes do that.
B000VX03GC Feel Like Walking Shoes These boots were selected for off-trail hiking but are so comfortable that I wear them everyday.After several years of use they are even more comfortable and look good.I wear bulky wool socks or two layers of cotton socks if I am going on an all day hike.  My dress shoes are size 10 but these boots combined with thick socks require a size 11.
B000VX03GC Awesome Took these boots on two hikes and they are awesome!! Great traction and the have a solid sole so not too much give at all when stepping on large protruding roots on fallen tree trunks. I got the wide version and it's a great amount of toe room. So if you think you have wide feet, get the wide. Also, remember to get proper socks with any boots. I wear regular socks and then hiking socks over those for a comfy hike.
B000VX03GC Order 1/2 size up? I have no problems with the quality of the product; Timberland has always been top notch.  That being said, even with regular socks this boot was too tight, and forget putting on any wool hiking socks.  I have always been a 10 wide, but I'll have to see if I can exchange it for a 1/2 size up to see how that works.
B000VX04PC Nice product Normally wear 9,5 and that's what I ordered based on other reviews.  Maybe just slightly large for size but that just gives me room for thicker socks.  Not hard to break in, were comfortable for me right out of the box.  Good looking shoe, am pleased with purchase so far.  Bought these as motorcycle boot because my brother has 2 pairs and recommended them.
B000XEAMXS very comfy these are the most comfortable composite toe work boot i have ever tried. it's like walking on a pillow all day. They do seem to run a little large but with thick socks they are very usable. I have used them for a few months now and they seem to be wearing very well. I expect to get at least 2 years out of them.
B000XEKCRE Boots are made for... Seriously, I didn't know what to expect. Mail-Ordering boots sounds like trouble but my experience was trouble-free. I used them on a ladder while trimming my house at ladder's full extension. I wore summer work socks boasting comfort in a boot known for comfort. Yes, my feet were comfortable due to a sturdy sole. I scuffed them up and dropped latex paint on them; however a damp towel and fingernail picking cleaned them up. At first, the damp cloth darkened the leather but they dried to their original color with no apparent stain. I simply ordered my NB sneaker size at 11.5 D (medium) which was also the correct boot size. Note: I wore summer socks but there is room for winter socks. I am happy with this purchase.
B000XEKHOC Excellent! I bought these for a motorcycle trip next month, on which I may also be hiking in some national parks. I put them on the first day and walked 3 miles. No problems at all. Very comfortable. They are just a bit oversized, but perfect with thick socks.
B000XEKIUK Good fit Normally I take 8.5 M shoe, but with heavy socks I figured maybe I should increase it to a 9 M.  Perfect.  I think if I would have gone with 8.5 it would have been a little tighter than I would have liked.
B000XEKIUK good boots I would recommend Good fit also keeps keeps my feet warm with out thick socks they last a wile my last par lasted 3 yrs
B000XELF3O nice great support, on for 12 hours or more, can wear with more than one pair of socks for cold weather
B000XELF3O Black Pro Tims If you wear socks below ankles you will get a blister or sore from material, stitching, eyelets... as long as your socks come above ankle you will be fine
B000XELF3O I love the boots but they're still a little stiff and not broken in. I bought them a little large as well mostly to be able to wear thicker socks in the winter. Once they get broken in, I'm sure they'll be great. The look and detail of construction are exceptional. Especially their grip and traction.
B000XELF3O Good quality, comfortable boot These seem to be very durable and are comfortable for all day on your feet.  The pair I got seemed to be just a little bit bigger than other boots, but with thick socks they are fine.
B000XETU1I A loose 10 1/2. Little early to tell, but appears to be a well made boot. The 10 1/2 US is just a little loose, but ok for an extra pair of socks.Otherwise fits and feels good.
B000XEVM50 shoes comfort I had on a nylon sock and I still had a problem flexing my toes.I own a pair of pit bosses and they fit great i can even wear very thick socks and still have room for my toes.
B000XEVM8W Tough & Comfortable These ran samll for me, 8.5 was too tight with heavy work socks.  Returned and got the 9 which fit perfectly.  These are incredibly comfortable right out of the box...no break-in needed.
B000XR2W1U Runs small in length No apparent issues with quality.  Appearance fine, true to picture/description.  They are wide, but were too short after wearing all day - wound up with podiatrist bill (not to mention weeks of sore feet). I usually buy jogging shoes in 10W, and wear with thinner socks.  These need thicker socks (which virtually all socks designed for work boots are), but were too small even with thinnest socks I could find.  Tried using 'liner' type socks which were in shreds after the first day.USER TIP:  Take the insole out, stand on it, to see if you have enough length to allow for foot swelling throughout day or in hot weather.
B000XR7ME2 Just Right The shipping date was prompt, the product was just what I ordered and I have no complaints.Does need some breaking in though and not to worn with low socks because it causes blisters.
B000XXGMRO Terrific Boots.  Would have paid even more for them. I would have paid $20 or $30 more for these than I did on Amazon ($120).  First, the leather is superb.  I have had these for a little over a year now and have worn them in about any condition you can imagine. The leather has darkened a bit but they are in great shape and I still get compliments on them. As many of the other reviewers have noted, the boots do run a bit large, however I am a 13 and wear hiking/boot socks with them and they fit like a glove.  If you want to wear these with thin socks, I would recommend going either a half or full size down depending on your preference.  If and when my current pair wears out, I will definitely be buying another set.
B000XXGMRO Thick socks required These boots are of pretty good quality.  The stitching is well done without any loose threads.  The size is a bit large compared to what I would have expected.  Also, the neck of the boot will rub against your leg in an uncomfortable manner, so wear thicker than normal socks.  (Maybe this is issue as I am in Texas and the warm weather usually has me in thin socks.The sole appears to be thinner than I would have liked, with tread in softer rubber that looks like it will wear down faster than the rest of the boot.  I anticipate having to make a trip to the cobbler to get a new sole at some point.Would also note, these are not made in the USA.  Does not matter for me, but there seem to be many who want to buy American for work boots.
B000XXGMRO quality control is sorely lacking So I received the boots. I tried them on. They were huge!  I pulled them off. I put on my extra thick hiking socks, tried the boots on again, and they were still huge. My toe was an inch from the end. I have had some shoes that were a half size off, never anything like this. I won't buy Timberland shoes again anytime soon.
B000XXGMRO A little larger than usual As my title states, the boots run a little on the large size due to lack of thick padding material on the interior of the boot. But it's OK for me since I use these on trails and wear thick socks to compensate. So far I've probably put a good 150 miles of trails on these bad boys and they are just as comfortable as the day I first put them on. They require no break in since they are already super soft. My only gripe is they wear much faster than any shoe/boot I've ever owned.
B000XXGMRO A little large, but wear thick socks I agree with other reviewers that they are a bit large. I normally wear a size 11, ordered a size 10.5 and theybarevstill just a smidge large. Possibly could have gotten away with a 10, but didn't want to deal with the return hassle. Don't forget that with boots like this, you're supposed to wear thick socks, so that makes it a good fit for me in in the 10.5s. Overall, though, great look, good quality, and comfortable. I've only worn them twice, but I expect them to continue molding to my feet (benefit of leather).
B000XXGMRO Stylish comfy boots Theses are comfortable and roomy enough to wear thick socks with.  They immediately became my favorite pair of boots. Happy
B000XXGMRO Nice looking boot. I probably have a C width foot so I need to wear very thick socks for a reasonable fit.  Very pliable leather and decent sole.
B001708FZE Boots These seem a bit wide and slip on my heel. I have put on extra thick socks but the heel still seems to slip.  They are very warm.
B001760K56 Going Strong I bought these boots almost 2.5 years ago and they have been my favorite boots ever. They're really comfortable and beautiful. At 2.5 years, they're just starting to lose their waterproofing. I got a half size bigger than my usual size and am happy I did. They're a little roomy, but the extra room allows me to wear thick or thin socks with them, and doesn't cause any rubbing or other problems.
B001760K56 Great service Received the product when promise. The fit of the boot is too tight, I wear a regular medium fit,  bit I choose the wide so I can wear thicker socks, and with it fits too tight, however I kept the product because it's a beautiful boot, I will wear with regular fitted socks. Will recommend .
B001760K56 I love these boots!! They are so comfortable; fit perfectly - even room for heavy socks & best of all they look amazing on :)
B0017685EY Good light-weight hiking boots As waterproof as promised. I went to the beach part of my hike and also hike on the muddy trails. So far, very comfy, light-weight, and waterproof. The arch support is also good. Just add 1/2 size for normal size if you are planning to wear "hiking socks". True to size with normal socks. I wish Amazon offers more colors.update 12/20/09: It is still working strong in the rain. I recommend at least 1/2size larger to work well with hiking socks. I use Dr. Scholl's insole inside. I paid $36 with free shipping from Amazon but can't find anymore with that price. I bought both 9.5 and 10 but 10 with insole is more comfortable for longer hikes.
B001ABO2FC My first pair of Timberlands and I'm hooked... I purchased the cognac color and I have to say they look awesome!  Great color combo.  I ordered a 10 [regular width] which is my normal size and they are very comfortable. It seems a lot of people comment on how warm Timberlands are even when they don't seem to have any insulation. I can't attest to that but I do like to wear a good pair of heavy socks when I need to. My only complaint is that if you would like to wear a thicker type sock for hiking or winter you may want to order up to a half size larger or maybe a wider size.  They are just fine for those white athletic socks you might wear everyday but the one time I put on some heavy wool socks I found the top of my toes pressed against the top of the inside which became sore after a few hours of walking around.  Not the fault of the shoe or it's design but just something to consider.  These are super comfortable and the build quality is top notch.  I think they are great and wouldn't mind getting another pair in a different color.  Well worth a try if you're in the market!
B001B7FP60 Amazingly Comfortable These arrived the other day and I have to say i instantly fell in love with them. I read what others had said about the boot being half a size bigger but I still ordered my correct size as I will be wearing them with thick socks and they fit fine. The inner fleece material makes them like wearing slippers, when I first tried them on I wasn't wearing any socks and they were extremely comfortable. I won't be wearing them in snowy conditions until later in the year but so far im really impressed.
B001B7FP60 Toasty Toes! This boot not only looks great but it feels great as well.  It's kept my toes nice and cozy.  It runs a little big- nothing an extra pair of socks won't cure.
B001EWFF30 50 Socks of Grey I rated the sizing of 'somewhat small' is really based on the thickness of my sock.  When I wear a thin dress sock, they fit perfect, even ever so slightly 'loose'.  When I wear a white athletic sock - the fit is 'snug', but not uncomfortable.  The shoe molds to my foot and I wear them all day.  My foot size 8.5 M (US), and I bought the 8.5's.
B001EWFF30 Great Boots These are very stylish and great boots.  Perfect fit, so if you plan on wearing normal than thick socks, order half size larger.
B001F0QGGQ Great shoe Very comfortable.  I thought they ran a little big but during the day my feet swell and the shoes were perfect.  They also accommodate thick socks, very well.
B001FA1IGY Needs socks I am a huge Timberland fan but the boat shoes, not so much.  For boat shoes, I expect to be able to go barefoot.  Not with these, for two reasons: first, the top inside towards the middle rubs on the arch of your feet; and second, the insole falls apart and ends up rolling up into a ball.  With socks, they are fine.
B001FXZU92 Perfect. Maybe a tad to big, but I saw it as extra room for thick winter socks; Will know for sure this winter.
B001FXZU92 Discomfort I researched Timberland boots and read that they run large.  I wear a size 12 with a normal sock and prefer to wear a thick boot sock with work boots.  I ordered a 12 giving room for thick socks and these are a full size bigger or more.  Very uncomfortable, unfortunately I cannot afford a different pair of boots so I have to deal with wearing two pairs of thick socks just to get by until spring/summer. I do not think I will buy footwear online again after this experience.
B001OI3FUY U need socks for this thing... Cons:- U need socks for this. The interior is not exactly comfortable- This thing wore out in 3 months --- with light use.Pros:- LightVerdict:- For this price, spend your $ elsewhere.
B001PBK87I Roomy and comfortable After buying shoes up to size 12 I was surprised by how much room I had in these size 11's.  I added a padded insole and wear thick socks with these and I've got happy feet all day.  Have worn them on hot roofs and for shoveling snow, good grip and they are holding up well.
B001PBK87I Great in Alaska I have worn these boots for about a month now and love them. I went to Fred Meyer's first for sizing which I recommend if you don't normally wear boots. In shoes I normally wear a 9.5, however my Army boots are also an 8.5. These are 400 Gram of insulation and have kept my feet warm with normal boot socks. Using standard boot socks, I had to replace the insole as I felt my feet had a little too much room. I did keep the orginal insoles for those sub zero days when I decide to wear thicker wool socks. As for traction they are just fine. If you are new to colder climates you will quickly find out that some harder sole boots will harden quickly and you will skate across the ice. These are soft enough that at least to zero degrees they still provide traction. I do recommend these boots.
B001R4TT14 Just What I Needed. Excellent! I was a runner for over 25 years and I got used to wearing running socks. A little secret is that they're more comfortable than conventional higher socks. So, I started wearing running socks with my street clothe sand with shoes other than running shoes. One minor little problem is that colors other than white are necessary. They're harder to find, but blacks and grays are available if you look long enough and I began wearing them under any and all circumstances. It was time to replentish my supply. I went to a nearby Ross Store and was delighted to find a three-pack of Timberland Men's Quarter Top Socks in black with gray trim. They fit and feel wonderful. I've had this brand before and their long-term history was excellent. These Timberlands are just what I needed.Gary Peterson
B001R4TT14 Hard to Find These are my husband's favorite socks, but they are very hard to find in local stores.  We were really glad to find them online.  Good quality and fit.  Will be ordering them again in the future.
B001R4TT14 Timberland Quarter Top Socks These socks are the best on the market, I have tried them all and these socks last and the tops don't stretch like other brands.
B001R4XTBK Just Right Every man needs several pair of quality athletic socks in stock whether he jocks it up or just lies around.  These are those socks.  They are designed with extra weave in just the right places to hold and hug your foot and yet they slip on effortlessly.  In fact, sliding them on can call up memories of someone stroking and holding your foot!  Timberland has found just the right balance between strength and comfort.  It is so important to always have a pair these available, whether they are the socks you pile up on your slippers for chilly mornings or the socks you take to the gym, you will know it's time to wash clothes when you see that there is only one pair left in the drawer.  A fine product, with which I will never be without.
B001R4XTBK Timberland Crew Socks These socks are the best on the market, believe me I have tried them all.  They last and the tops don't stretch like other brands.  Great product.
B001R4ZNIW Great socks but too small I wear a 9.5 shoe and these don't fit as well as I'd hoped. The ribbed part of the sock that is on the ankle and leg goes down to the upper part of the heel, making for a tight fit. If I had a smaller foot and these socks fit as they should I'd be extremely happy with them.  I wrote to the seller, explaining that I had opened both packages and destroyed the packaging so I didn't expect to be able to return them. I just wanted them to know of my experience. I never heard from them.
B001S5X31E Good boots Love these boots. They fit perfect even with hunting socks. A little pricey but worth it. I would definitely recommend them.
B001SARJXC Walking on Air... or Something Like It I'll keep this simple:1.  These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I've had in years.2.  They are high-quality (If you use the front and back loops simultaneously while pulling on the boot, they won't break.  It is also easier to get them on that way.)3.  Wear long socks when you wear these because there will be high-ankle rubbing because a.) you shouldn't wear short socks with these anyway, and b.) the elastic needs to be tight to insure a better fit.4.  They look rugged yet sleek--a very versatile look (not as shiny as the picture)5.  They have excellent gripping capablity.  People need to know, no matter how deep a shoe's tread is, there will always be a slipping hazard on ice.  These have great stability on gravel, pavement, snow, etc.I hope this helps.  Enjoy the boots, I highly recommend them.
B001U0OTCY Somewhat bigger then I thought but satisfied The boots are a little bigger then I thought but it's cool because you can wear really thick socks with it. Very comfortable fit though and easy to just slip on and go
B001U89OGM looks nice but bad fit a little too tight to wear with thermal socks, i had to return them- - - - -  -
B00295RJIU Overall nice but... A little to loose for my liking! I always wear a 7.5, but I need to wear extra extra thick socks for these!
B00295RJIU Perfect Fit True to size.  Looks very professional.  Very comfortable.  It fits better when I wear a thin socks.  Its mold to my feet.
B0029XG3OS Better fit I ordered a 10.5 W for my fiance but he said they were still tight in the toes and sides, even after wearing them for a few weeks. It was great that I was able to get him the 11, and he said they fit much better. We live in Minnesota so having room for thick socks is important. The only complaint he has is that the bottoms get cold fast and can be a little slippery. He works outside year-round, so he said he would wear these boots when it isn't -20 like we have had the past few weeks.
B002NEGCC6 A little large When you first get these, you won't think they will be as comfortable as they are. There isn't much padding around the collar of the shoe like there is in the Jungle Moc from Merrell. However, they are very comfortable. If I wear my running socks, they are a little large, but if I wear my thicker athletic  socks, they seem to fit just fine.The soles aren't quiet for a shoe like this one, but they aren't loud either. They don't squeak, and they don't seem to leave marks either. I would buy them again.
B002PMURGI Not as comfortable as others. left foot the shoe dig in to the top of my foot at the joint, tough to wear without socks like you are suppose to.
B002WJHCVC I want only these socks from now on... Borrowed a pair of these from boyfriend - were soooo comfy and breathed well I wanted some (he finally got them back).  Ordered some to try out, later ordered more - LOVE these socks, will continue to buy them as long as they're available - super cushy and fit really well.  Great buy!
B002WJHCVC Not what we expected from Timberland. My husband has purchased several sets of Timberland socks and was very satisfied which was why he purchased these.  These were a different story.  They just were not up to the quality and definitely not even close to the same size.  He won't purchase anymore this way.
B002WJHCVC Best socks ever! My husband has been wearing these socks in tan for 2 years now and loves them! He says they are the most comfortable socks he's ever worn. And, being 75, he's worn lots of socks. I would recommend them to anyone who likes socks that fit well and don't ride down.
B002WJHCVC Extra padding in the right places... Great socks!  I am so happy I don't have to drive an hour to get them at Outdoor World in Ft. Lauderdale to get more.
B002WJHCVC Timberland socks I was happy with this product.  Be careful though, as Timberland's quality varies considerably from a synthetic sock to a very nice blend of fibers.  The descriptions are not that helpful, but these are of medium quality.
B002WJHCVC Awesome Socks This socks are great. I usually wear low cut socks with lower top shoes, but I got some new higher top boots for winter and needed some higher socks. I love how these socks aren't real tall like other normal crew socks. The 1/4 sock height is prefect. I recommend this socks
B002WJHCVC socks These are good quality socks, a little pricey per pair.  The value would be better if it were 3/$10.  Shipping was fast Recommend the brand, not the price..
B002WJHCVC Good Socks! These are a good looking short sock in pleasing colors for those who don't care for ankle socks.The price is fair for a hard to find item.
B002WJHCVC great socks Got these for my boyfriend for xmas and he loves them. They are well made and comfy. No holes!We are gonna get some more
B002WJHCVC Timberland Quarter socks These Timberland Quarter socks are well made and still feel comfortable after wearing them all day. The fit is excellent. I give these socks a AAA rating.
B002WJHCVC Nice socks Timberland makes some of the best socks IMHO and I really like the colors in this pack. They seem to make the shoes I wear them with more comfortable.
B002WJHCVC DON'T BUY, these are the cheaper version of the old product! I purchased this very same item in 2011, and found them pretty comfortable, although short lived. 'A sign of the times', I thought, 'nothing is forever'.I've ordered them again a year later, and the socks that arrived are not even half the quality of the original item, they must have changed manufacturer, material, or overall quality as they are now as thin as the cheapest socks out there. Pretty deceiving too, as the image accompanying the product shows a thick elastic cuff. Sad.I will never purchase them again, I'm back on my quest for the elusive good black sock...
B002WJHCVC Awesome socks!! These are the best socks I have been able to find. They are just the right color to wear with khakis and just the right length so as to be irritating. On top of that, they are very comfortable.
B002WJHCVC Poor Quality Now These used to be my favorite socks but the quality has gone way downhill.  The wear used to be great but they must have changed fabric because now the wear is poor.  I now purchase the Hanes equivalent and they wear much better.These socks are not worthy of the Timberland name.  Too bad as they used to be excellent.
B002WJHCVC So many versions of the same sock The basic sock is a 4 or 5 star product - but they have so many top lengths that it's confusing for some. I bought these socks for a family member who wasn't sure which socks he's had before and after looking at all the photos, he thought these were it. Unfortunately they're too short.
B002WJHCWG Not what I expected I wear a size 12 shoe and almost all regular socks fit me, these didn't.  I gave them to my wife to wear and they fit her perfectly, she wears a women's 9.  I also expected a thicker cushioned sole, wrong again.  Not much different than the cheapos from Walmart.  I guess I would have to blame that on two of the reviewers, took their word for it.  The product description never really said a thick cushion, although the Timberland website did.
B002WJHCWG Replaced all of my socks with these Yes, they are pricier than your regular socks. But let me tell you something, these socks are perfect in every way. They last a heck of a long time, the are downright comfortable, not too thick for everyday shoes and not too thin either. I had several pairs for a year. They were always the socks that I chose first. Based on that, I replaced my entire sock drawer with these (apart from specialty socks for sports and dress, of course). Great stuff. Do yourself a favor and grab a few packs of these!
B002WJHCWG Comfort The Timberland lowrider socks are the most comfortable lowriding socks I have found.  The material fits well to your feet and stay where you would like them too without being too tight like some others I have tried.  Great purchase.
B002WJHCWG great socks The sock is affordable. It is soft. It does not agitate your skin. It keeps your feet dry. Style is is four out of five. Favorite sock for running. I plan to purchase another pair.
B002WJHCWG Only athletic socks I wear I just wanted to chime in on what someone else said in a review.Apparently these are being advertised as thick soled socks. Well, that's not exactly true. They do not have the thick kind of soles you would expect from that description. However, it is true that the soles are thicker than the rest of the sock. That is because the tops of the socks are really not much more than a mesh. They're meant to be able to breathe easily and keep your foot from getting too hot.Personally, I love these socks. They are pretty much the only kinds of athletic/white socks that I wear. I wear them when I go running all the time and they work fine for me. I should also note that I wear a mens 12 to 13, depending on the shoe / manufacturer. These socks fit me fine. My oldest pair are about 2 years old now and they're still holding up, minimum signs of wear after pretty heavy use (no holes).They're great socks. A little pricey for a 3 pack, but they're really comfortable.
B002WJHCWG Best Low Cut Socks, Ever! These are by far the best low cut socks that I have ever had, and I have tried nearly all of them.  While they are more expensive, initially, than those socks you buy by the half-dozen in some of the big box stores, they hold up to repeated hard use and laundering much better than any of the others so that you will end up saving money in the long run.  I wear a size 11 shoe and these socks fit perfectly.  I will definitely be buying more of these in the future.
B002WJHCWG Best socks in the market I like to throw away all my socks when they get old and then replace them all at once. I buy all the same sock, so I never have a problem matching them. This method is great and works really well. No half-matched stray socks in my sock drawer!Consequently, I spend a lot of time trying different socks before I evidence to buy a ton of the same model.  I found that his sock has the bet comfort /price ratio of any that I tried. It's way better than those 6-packs of Hanes or generic socks which sell for $6-$12. It's even more comfortable than some of he expensive runner's socks, and provides a perfect balance between support, softness, and stretchiness. The last is important, because it fits me well (size 11 or 12), but my wife also finds them comfortable (much smaller).And for the pric, I can afford to fill my sock drawer.
B002WJHCWG Holes in heels too soon. These a really nice socks as far as fit and comfort. But the heels do not hold up very long. I have to throw away socks that look great on the upper part because the sole and heel wear out.
B002WJHCWG Just thick enough I like to get my husband thick-soled socks so they last longer.  Well, these are perfect because the bottoms are at least three times thicker than the top part.  My husband hasn't complained about them being too tight or thick.  They look nice, too.
B002WJHCX0 Awesome socks! These socks are my husband's favorites to wear. They are very soft and comfortable, have been washed many times and are not stretching out and loosing their form. Very nice product.
B002WJHCX0 Tired of that same old white sports  socks Great quality that is holding up after many washings. I would buy again if needed and would recommend to others.
B002WJHCXU These were a donation after I eyeballed them I love timberland socks, but I was pretty surprised at the crazy amount of threading on the inside of the socks. I checked my other socks, they have some - but not nearly as many as these do.For me, too much going on that can go wrong with those threads start popping. Yeah it makes for an interesting looking sock on the outside but really is it worth it?I'm not a sock wizard or collector here. I wear them, wash them, that's about it. But I do buy quality socks & don't mind paying more for it if they hold up. I don't think these will make it very long with all the busyness going on inside. 2 Cents.
B002WJHCXU They don't hold up When I first received these socks, I loved them. They have a thick sole and heel and are very comfortable. Unfortunately the webbing on the side of the socks that allows your feet to breathe, does not hold up. The webbing tears easily. I now have socks that have like new soles and heels with holes in the sides. Good idea but they need to improve the strength of the webbing material. I won't buy them again.
B002WJHCZ8 Just ok Socks don't feel like that they  stay up on the leg. A little thin. A little short. They seem to be between a normal crew and the "no" socks. I wear a size 10 shoe and they feel small.Would not buy again.
B002WJHCZ8 Great socks These are very durable and comfortable socks, I bought a pair of these in a different color about a year ago and they still look and feel great.
B002WJHCZ8 Timberland socks disappointment I have previously bought Timberland socks (apparently a slightly different &#34;model&#34;) and really liked them.  These socks did not approach the quality I was expecting.  They didn't come up high enough on my calf, they pretty much lost their shape after two washings, and it's hard to put them on so they are straight.  I would not buy these again.
B002WJHCZ8 Warm soft socks These are soft and warm socks. My husband loved them because he wanted cotton socks that were not too thin or too thick into his insulated winter boots(hiking boots actually). If he wears a wool one his feet gets too hot and sweaty. I advise you to wash them before you wear them for the first time. Otherwise you end up with fluff all around when you take them off. But it disappears after the first wash.
B002WJHD20 Searched for these hard to find socks. I have been wearing these for a few years. Honestly, am very disappointed when I run out and have to wear any other socks. I have been looking for these at the local brick and mortar shops but could not find them. Looking ever since my wife stumbled on them a few years ago. Thanks to Amazon for carrying such an awesome product! For those on the fence, these are the best fitting, most comfortable socks I've ever worn and unlike others they don't sag.
B002WJHD2U Great I love these socks, I am slowly (because the expense) replacing all my dress socks with Timberlands because of the pure comfort they bring my feet.
B002WJHD2U Fits well but shrinks when washed. Fits well but the socks shrink when washed.  Excellent padding in these socks. I have purchased these socks twice now and will buy them again. I need as much cushioning as possible and besides the fact that they shrink, these are the best that I have found.
B002WJHD2U Holds up well My husband wears  timberland socks exclusively now . He has tried any nice brands like gold toe but these really holdup to toe and heel wear.
B002WJHD2U Horrible durability. Got these socks for Christmas.  Worn with boots for about 40 workdays, and now they are just about destroyed.  These are great if you plan on sitting around all day with socks on, but if you plan on doing any outdoor labor and moving around with boots on, I'm there are better socks cheaper than $8 a pair!I uploaded some pictures of the worn socks in the customer images section if you want to sneak a peek.
B002WJHD2U Best You Can Buy My husand won't wear anything except these Timberland socks. He wears boots everyday and only wants these socks. Thank goodness I can buy them on line with Amazon!
B002WJHD2U Socks that keep my footsies warm. The socks are comfortable, thick, and keep my feet pretty warm. Itchiness was a concern of mine, but I'm happy to say that its isn't an issue unless I wear them for 3 days in a row. Which... I've never done before... :)
B002WJHD2U My Favorite Socks Are these socks perfect? No.But they're really quite nice.  Fit is good, durability has been good, and they look fairly nice too.
B002WJHD2U I love these socks I am very picky about my socks and so many brands seem to fall short of my expectations but these are soft, long-lasting, and cushioning unlike so many others.
B002WJHD2U Great socks! I've had Timberland before, and they are nice and warm, but lightweight.  The soles are padded for comfort.  They wash well and last a long time.
B002WJHD2U Best. Socks. Ever. They're thick, they're sturdy. they're warm and they last. If there's something more you require in a sock, I don't know what to tell you ...
B002WJHD2U what we wanted These Timberland socks had the qualities we were looking for - warm but not overly thick in the toe area.
B002WJHD5M Timberline Boot Socks Advertised as one size fits all but not reported on package. I wear a size thirteen shoe and package insert does not state that socks accomodate a thirteen shoe.
B002WJHD5M Great socks These are fabulously warm socks.  My boots feel 50% warmer just by virtue of having these socks on.  They also seem to do a good job repelling moisture.  What they don't do terribly well though is stay up on my calves.  The elastic is kind of soft, so my boots slowly eat them throughout a long period of walking.  It's a little inconvenient to have to yank the socks out of the boots periodically.  The extra warmth and moisture resistance makes it worthwhile, though.  Very cushiony too!
B002WJHD5M Comfy! These socks are Warm and comfy! This is my second time purchasing these socks and the wash and hold up well.
B002WJHD5M Timberland Men's Bootsock I gave the socks to my husband for Xmas and he like them so much that I had to reorder for his birthday in January.  They are soft, comfortable and warm and wash up perfectly.  They are a little expensive but worth the money as I am sure they will last thru quite a few winters!
B002YOMJPY A bit narrow for EE I'm currently wearing wool socks for the winter months and the 12EE are tight. Didn't have that problem with another brand of boot. I've worn them several days in a row and still a bit too snug. Changed to a cotton sock and I had to tighten the laces, but then froze my tootsie's off.
B002YOMJPY Socks are wet everytime I wear these boots. I like the fit and look. The waterproof is less than stellar. It has been below or barely above 0 here and my socks are always wet and feet are cold. I expect so much more from a Timberland product.
B002YOMJPY Very bice boots, one drawback Very nice shoe overall, no more slipping on slushy snow and ice, but there was one drawback, they need to be worn with full size socks.  No ankle ones because the back of the heel rides against the back top of the boot and cause some irritation and pain, but was fixed when switch to full size socks.
B002YV0VXO High quality, durable, comfortable I purchased three pairs of these over seven years ago and just recently realized they were that old.  No holes, no worn out elastic.  These are absolutely the highest quality socks I've ever had.  The only 'ding' is the small timberland symbol washed off, but there is no remnant of it having been there.  They've served well as house socks during the cold winter months and also with shoes and boots when out and about.  Easily worth the cash.
B0034G54BM nice fit, they run a little narrow, order 1/2 to 1 size larger if you want to wear socks. My feet are average width and I planned to wear thick ankle socks with the boot so I went with a half-size larger and they were perfect. otherwise I would have only been able to wear very thin socks with them.
B0034G54BM Excellent. Just as I expected. Love the boots.very comfy. Look great and feels warm. Order half size up if you are planning on getting them. Great to wear with thicker socks. Will definitely recommend this to friends.
B0034G54BM Timberlands I couldn't be happier with my new boots!  I usually wear a size 8.5 with slide-ons.  9 on other types of shoes.  The 9 was great with a little room for thick socks.
B0034G54BM Love It!!! I usually don't buy boot online, but decided to take a chance.  I bought the boots one size bigger because I wanted to wear 2-3 pairs of socks for the winter.  The fit is perfect and really great for snowy New York days. I am tall, so it did not come up to my knees, but I have absolutely no complaints.
B0034G54BM Timberland Earthkeepers Bethel Boot, Burgundy 10W A nice looking boot. Note that the shaft is very soft, not rigid. Someone in a Timberland store told me that was so the boot could be "scrunched down." Shaft stays up fairly well with tall socks, though obviously not as well as stiffer leather would. The wide is not all that wide, but accomodates my wider-than-average toes/balls of the feet with medium to thick socks. (I do not typically need wide shoes but wanted to be able to wear with thick socks in winter.) I'm 5'10" and would like the boot to come up a little higher toward the knee, but it still has the look of a tall boot.
B0034G54BM love these boots They fit and look great, are very comfortable, and they look good with jeans or leggings.  Also room for socks.
B0034G54BM Tight The toe box was initially tight, but has loosened some.  I still can't wear thick socks in them---only nylon socks fit comfortably.
B0034G54BM I love these boots! They are the prettiest boots I found so I have them in Brown too. I read all the reviews and decided to buy them a size bigger like so many recommend I still need to wear thin socks or tights w them but they are very comfortable.
B0034G54BM Glad I read reviews before ordering... The boots are great looking and I really like them.  I read the reviews before buying and took the advice and ordered not only a bigger size, but went with a wide width.  I am able to comfortably wear a very thick pair of wool socks in them.  I could probably wear a thinner pair of wool socks under the thick pair too -- every little layer counts in the snow.  If I had ordered my regular size, I probably would only be able to wear a thin trouser sock with them, which would have made these a fall boot only.I sprayed them down with a silicone water repellant so that I'll be able to wear them in the snow and salt and not ruin them.  I ordered the dark brown and really like the rich dark color.  Very nice boots! I'm glad I ordered them.
B0034G558E Sizing These shoes are slightly larger than expected, but not enough to complain about. I like to wear thick socks with my boots, so the extra room is needed.
B0034G558E Would do it again! I love these boots! The zipper/lace combo allows you to wear them with thin tights or thick boot socks. They look great with pants and better with skirts. Very pleased!!
B0034G558E Dream Boots They are the best. I loved my last pair of Timberlands and they lasted quite a while. This pair has yet to disappoint. I usually wear a 9/9.5 but I wanted to be able to wear these with thick winter socks. They were comfortable right out of the box, no wearing in, I just started walking. Amazing tread, look fantastic, comfortable. Perfect.
B0034G558E Fantastic boots! I've always loved this kind of lace-up, mid-height "paddock" boot, and actually stopped someone walking down the street to ask where she got hers--found them, bought them, love them! Very sleek, very comfy, apparently pretty waterproof, since I did some slogging thru marshy trails today and came home with dry socks--delightfully surprised! I think they do run a bit small/ narrow-- this is the first shoe I've ever bought in wide width, but I'm glad I did, as any narrower would leave no room for socks. I like the fact that the laces allow a custom fit. Not sure about zippers-- I usually avoid them-- but I think they'd be easy to replace if they do wear out. I'm ordering another pair, on the grounds that I don't often find the perfect boot.
B0034G5KAC I love my boots! Timberlands are pretty much true to size for me and I was happy when I got them and I wore them with thick socks on with no problems.
B0034G5KAC Wonderful boot These boots were soft and ready to wear instantly. No need to break on. I wear a size 7.5 and bought an 8 to have room for thicker socks. Definitely a wise suggestion, otherwise I am sure the 7.5 would fit perfectly fine. Very nice quality and comfort
B0035LD0WQ Good winter shoes Pros1. Good grip in the snow2. Good arch support3. very comfortable and lightCons1. Plastic loop in the back of the shoes digs into your leg if you wear ankle socks.2. Bad laces, become loose easily - i have to retie my shoes atleast twice in a day.3. Not a perfect fit, i had to wear thick socks to have some sort of grip over the shoe.4. Vibram sole is coming off in some places after 6 months of wearing just to office.
B0035LD2II Great boots I love these boots! they are really comfortable and stylish. I can wear these all day, without a problem. Although I do recommend if you buy these, to wear them either with thin socks or dress socks, anything thicker can make the shoe a little uncomfortable.
B0038JD1UG Really nice boots! In expected Timberland fashion these are well made and  well suited to actual use in the great outdoors.  They are also extremely comfortable, and my feet are very picky about shoes.  Plus they look good.Like another reviewer wrote, the sizing is on the small side.  I ordered a half size bigger than my usual and went wider, figuring I'd be planning on thick socks.  They actually feel perfect with my normal socks because the lining/fleecey material is so thick.  Of course, with such a thick layer I don't really want to wear bulky socks too, so for me the fit is great.I am very happy with these and recommend them highly!  I'm thinking of getting a brown pair too, I like them so much.JTG
B0038JD1UG Great Boots!!! So I purchased these boots about a month ago, when I first got them I thought they were too narrow for my wide foot, in fact I had to put them on with silky socks, I was kinda of disapointed, but as I started wearing them on a daily basis my struggle to put them on became less and less. Now they fit perfect and I can wear them with thick socks. They are so confy just love them and  they look good. So just have a little faith on the boots. I also purchased my boots half a size larger and it was the best advice. Now Im thinking in purchasing them in Brown.
B003A69RS2 A bit big, but surprisingly good comfort I wear thin socks, so that may account for the longish feeling of the shoe.  However, the heel inside is very soft, so no chaffing/blisters result yet. So wear sport socks, or buy a half-size small (at most) and enjoy the great feeling!
B003AZZIOU Love these chukkas ORIGINAL REVIEW in November 2010:I read about Timberland chukkas lined with SmartWool in a catalog I got by mail from another company. I was intrigued by the SmartWool feature. Amazon doesn't have much to say about it here, but the catalog marketed the SmartWool liner hard, claiming it keeps feet toasty and comfortable in cold weather, cool in warm weather, relatively odor-free when feet perspire, and soft and comfortable in shoes even without socks. My feet get chilled easily in the winter, so with November daylight dwindling, the prospect of some extra winter comfort was what got me to hit the Add to Shopping Cart button (on amazon, of course, to take advantage of the much lower shipped cost than the list-price catalog).But when I opened the box, frankly, I was a bit disappointed. Though they're attractively made, I was expecting the SmartWool liner to be more like a plush fleece, like one would see in a lined winter boot or slipper. The SmartWool liner on these chukkas is thin. With ordinary cotton or cotton-blend socks indoors at room temperature, the SmartWool liner doesn't make them particularly warm on my feet. I didn't hold out much hope for extra winter warmth. But keep reading--I was wrong.On the plus side, I quickly noticed they were comfortable, as Timberlands generally are for my feet, anyway. The merino wool liner is not at all scratchy. Unlike some other chukkas I've tried, these are supple around the top rim, so they don't irritate my ankles. They grew even more comfortable with just a day or two of breaking in.It got genuinely cold here this past week, so I got to really test the SmartWool liner as I wanted: outdoors. I found that my feet can still get cold outdoors in cold weather wearing these shoes with thin cotton-blend dress socks, especially if I stand around. (If your feet don't get chilled easily, you may find them warmer than I do even when wearing cotton socks.) But when I pair these shoes with a comfortable pair of midweight wool socks such as those made by Wigwam, the SmartWool liner does its thing, just as billed.  They're definitely warmer for me than regular shoes with wool socks. My feet stay very comfortably warm outdoors in very cold air, yes, almost toasty, if I'm walking, yet my feet don't get damp or sweaty.  The slightly higher ride of the chukka style helps hold a bit more heat in, too. They wouldn't be warm enough for my feet when sitting out in a stadium at a winter football game, but I didn't really expect that. (If they were that warm, they'd be too hot to wear comfortably indoors.)The thinness of the wool liner and room-temperature comfort mean that the shoes will probably work well as billed as all-season shoes.  If I think of it next summer, I'll come back and update the review. But in regular summer weather with cotton socks, I expect they'd be fine.They're sized correctly, in my opinion. They have room in my regular shoe size for thin wool socks. If you like multiple pairs of socks or very thick wool socks, order up one-half size.Bottom line: I warmed quickly to them and am now very glad I ordered them. Though the liner was different than what I expected, it performs exactly as billed, and they are very comfortable and attractive chukkas.Additional EDIT in July 2011: a follow-up note to indicate that I have been wearing these chukkas in 110 degree heat index weather, and when worn with cotton socks, the Timberlands are not warmer than other shoes in summer weather. The wool liner wicks moisture away. Of course, wool socks are warmer on one's feet, but the wool liner in these chukkas has a subtle additional warming effect with wool socks, not cotton ones.
B003AZZJLW Limited functionality Loose fitting when walking. Hard to keep on the feet. Actually works better without socks. A new fashion statement? No!
B003ELOYEA Very warm, good quality I am currently living in Estonia and these boots are perfect for the winters here.  If I were ordering again, I would have ordered a half size larger so my toes would have a little more room if I wanted to wear thick socks.  But all in all, I am very pleased with them.
B003ELOYEA Awesome boot but be aware... This is an awesome boot but be aware that if you intend to wears socks you might need to buy 1 size bigger than your usual size. I usually wear size 9 with sneakers and boots so I bought a 9 1/2 for the extra space but it's quite tight when I put on socks. I think because of the inner lining (which feels amazing!) you may just need the extra size to wear socks comfortably. Other than that, it looks great and it feels great.
B003ELOYEA Fits/looks great! I've gotten a lot of compliments on these boots. They fit great and have terrific traction in the snow. Don't order the boot socks. The boots are too narrow to accommodate the socks.
B003ELOZSU Amazing boots! (Snug fit) These boots are AWESOME! They're very comfortable, keep my feet very warm for a long time, and keep my feet dry despite all the slush and snow I drudge through. My only complaint/concern is that they're VERY snug. I'd order a half to full size up if you plan on wearing thick socks. I can't really fit thick socks inside my boots, my toes get squished, but since they're so warm I don't need thick socks, so it doesn't bother me.I wish Timberland would make a slip-on or velcro version of this boot, I don't mind tying the laces too much but sometimes you just need to get outside, like when your dog is crossing her legs!
B003ELOZSU Comfortable functional boot I bought these boots to be warm, water/snowproof, and comfortable for walking to bus stops from work, etc.  They have proved themselves in all of these areas.  As with another pair of Timberland hiking boots I have from long ago, they seem to run a tad small. So if you plan to wear thick socks with these, you may have to go up a half size.  However, they seem to be plenty warm with just regular thickness socks -I bought Hanes knee high boot socks after seeing that thick socks were going to be too tight. Not for you if you are a fashionista and want to look chic. However, Timberland is a solid brand, and overall these are a very good value.
B003ELOZSU Sweeeeeet Incredibly warm! I love that the laces go down as far as they do; it allows for a really sure, snug fit.  I do recommend going a 1/2 size up from what you usually wear, especially if you'll be wearing thick socks.  Doesn't hurt that they are "Earthkeepers" and use recycled materials :)
B003ELOZSU best boots I ever had! These boots are warm and dry! My first boots that I have had that lasted playing outside with my daughter for 4 hours! They look nice and keep your toes warm and dry. Read the reviews and thought about buying a bigger size but bought my regular size and they fit nice. If you want to wear thicker socks you would have to go a half size up. Although you do not need winter socks for these boots, I wore my regular crew socks and still stayed toasty in them.
B003ELOZSU Timberland enough said I love these boots they are true to their size a little snug with thick wool socks on but not uncomfortably. This is my second pair of timberlands and they are worth the money.  You get what you pay for, spend the extra 30 or so dollars and get a boot that lasts and is reliable.
B003ELOZSU Love it! Got these Boots in the mail today and I couldn't be happier! I threw them on right away and went on a 2 mile walk with my pup in the snow. They kept my feet warm and dry! Also, the traction was great - I went walking on a frozen lake with no problem. I was reading reviews before purchasing and everyone was saying to get a 1/2 size up, but I don't think it's necessary. I got a 7 1/2 (which is what I normally wear) and they fit perfectly with regular athletic socks on. I wouldn't recommend thick socks though because even with the thin socks my feet were nice and toasty. I think thick socks would have been overkill. :)
B003ELOZSU Good, sturdy boot. I usually wear about an 8.5-9 in most shoes so I got a size 9 which fits nice and snug (although not a tight fit) so if you want to wear thick socks I'd recommend going a little larger on the size but since the boots are waterproof and quite warm on their own I don't think thick socks are necessary. I haven't worn them too many times yet but they seem solid and I hope to have them for quite some time.One thing I really loved was that they don't need to be worn with skinny jeans to fit into the boot. Regular boot cut jeans can be tucked in without bunching and becoming uncomfortable. Also color in person is accurate with the picture displayed. Overall I'd recommend them to friends.
B003ELOZSU great boots, great price Last year for winter i purchased an equivelent pair of sorel boots, which i ended up returning because 1) my feet were still cold and 2) they leaked!i ordered these in a 10 and i usually wear a 9-9.5. i wear them with knee high socks (sock it to me brand) and they fit perfect. if i had a collection of thick wool socks i'd be happier in a 10.5 or 11. my feet are toasty, they broke in easily with little pain and they are wearable indoors without becoming too hot but i can still wear them on my 2 mile outside walks in the freezing rain.
B003JJB7RO Best socks around... These socks are great. My wife has had trouble with socks irritating her feet, but not these Smartwool socks. They are her favorite. They are cushioned, comfortable and fit well.
B003JJB7RO Warm and cute but too expensive I heart SmartWool, and I especially like the turquoise flare here. But these are socks and they wear out just like any other sock. These are nice for a gift but feel like too much money to get socks for my whole family (definitely never for kids whose feet are growing). If I find them on sale, though, I buy as much as I can!
B003TFEA5O GORGEOUS! These boots are EXACTLY what I was looking for!  I wear a size 8M and that is what I ordered.  It fit perfectly.  I am able to wear thick socks with these with no problems.  The height of the boot is perfect! Comes all the way to the knee.  I love the style, color, fit...everything.  If you are on the fence, don't be, buy them!
B003TFEA5O Lovely boot. Slightly larger feel, if you wear thin socks. I was so excited to receive these boots!!! I had heard Timberland was a high quality brand. They are a bit larger in the foot than I thought, however, I wear really thin socks, or just nylon tights, and with a decent sock, they are perfectly snug. I am usually a true to 7. These fit fine enough, with medium to thick socks. If you wear thick socks, order true to size. If you wear super thin dress socks, or mostly tights/nylons and skirts, order a half size down.  I've received a lot of compliments already! The bottoms have a nice tread for walking on ice or packed snow. I've walked on the beach with them, and they seem to be pretty water proof in wet sand, although I wouldn't necessarily wade in the surf with them! But walking through a puddle now and then doesn't seem to be an issue. They are very comfortable. The top has a 3 holed flap so you can slightly tighten or loosen the calf, which was helpful. I love that they are zip-up. They slouch a bit in the ankle, as the leather shaft is not very sturdy and they flop over when you take them off. I wore them for a week straight because they went with every outfit, and they haven't scuffed or anything. Great for the price. Very happy.
B003TFEA5O Awesome boots I love these boots!! I get compliments every time I wear them! I ordered my normal size and have a little room for thicker socks but my feet don't slide with thinner socks.
B003TFEA5O Extremely Comfortable Boots! I absolutely love this boot.  It runs true to size and is wide enough in the toe to wear thick socks.  It is extremely comfortable and looks great with boot cut or skinny jeans. I've had tons of compliments.  They are my new favorite casual shoes!
B003TFEA5O Perfect for me! They run a tad bigger. But it's great cause I like to wear thick socks. So it works out. I get a ton of compliments when I wear them.They are great for fall weather and winter weather. I wore them in the snow and was fine. :) very happy.
B003TFEA5O Love these! I have very fat feet and usually can not find boots to fit me without paying three times the money of these.  Great quality, nice and roomy for my chubbo feet (I ordered half a size larger than normal as well as the wider width so I could use socks, but still need to use thin socks until they stretch more) and very comfy.  I am very pleased and hope to come back for them in black too.
B003VMUFCC Needed a larger size. The boots fits fine with a thin pair of socks, but need a larger size for my heavier wool hiking socks. Very light and appears well made. Returning as I bought the 11 and 11.5 at the same time.
B003VMYDE8 Pretty good! I love Timberland's and the only thing about this shoe I didn't like that I didn't notice in the picture was that your socks show where the shoe tongue is. I thought it wouldn't show your socks; that it would be more concealing. But generally a good pair of Timberland's.
B003VMYDE8 Great shoes, but be careful with sizing These boat shoes are great quality and will probably last a while. I normally wear a size 10.5 and ordered a 10.5. While I think these shoes are true to size, be careful with your wearing intentions. I don't wear boat shes without socks, so a 10.5 is kind of tight (your normal true size may be fine if you like to wear boat shoes without socks).I can get away with wearing these shoes with a regular weight/thickness socks (it will just be tight), but I found some really thin low cut socks that makes them feel much better.I could have gone with an 11 to have the extra toe space, but because these shoes only have 2 eyelets, the extra space might make them flop off my feet a little (2 eyelets as apposed to 3 secures less of the foot, whereas 3 eyelets covers more of the foot and will provide a more secure fit). I would recommend going to a local store that has them in stock and trying them on, then ordering the color you like online if the local store doesn't have them in stock. Some local big brand department stores may stock these shoes or some similar but not in the color you like.Cheers and happy hunting!
B003VMYDE8 I love these shoes.. I'm a size 9-9.5 but found these shoes at Ross in a size 10.. They fit great on me!! I'm happy that I got lucky in finding one pair for $50!! BTW I do wear socks with it, w/o socks it may be a little looser..
B003XHH0W8 Not true to fit I had purchased an older version of these several years back and liked them. I have a wide foot, and 10  in the old version was a decent fit with thin socks, so I ordered an 11 W in this new model wanting to wear thicker socks for winter. I had trouble getting my foot in the 11 W (still with thin socks)! The fit is way too small.
B0043QGPGK Sizes run large, tends to fly off my foot The sizes are a bit on the larger size. I can only wear the pair I have with socks because the strap material will make the tops of my feet bleed from rubbing.
B00440CVPY socks These are the socks my husband wanted.  Large enough, low cut, good feel - am happy with purchase. I just have to keep him from wearing them in the summer with sandals....
B00440CVPY Not what is pictured Theses are very low socks. Like my mom wore in the sixties. If you are looking for what is pictured, these are not them.Timberland does make a 1/4 sock this is like the one in the picture.
B00440CVPY OMG so soft I got the ones in grey. I've worn them for a couple months. Everytime I put them on I revel in the soft cushioning provided by the socks. They're so friggen soft. I love them. The only con is that they start to pill immediately. I wear them with hi top converses, and the socks start to pill after a single wearing. But OMG they're SO FRIGGEN SOFT.
B00440CVPY comfy socks These socks are comfortable, high quality, and soft. They are cushioned on the bottom which feels nice. I would buy again.
B00440CVPY Timberland Socks Timberland Outdoor Adventure Low Rider SockMy husband loves these socks.  They are made from different types of fibers that pad his feet, keep them dry, and also makes the socks last longer.  He said it was the best Christmas present he ever received and they were at the top of the list this year!
B00440CVPY low rider socks love the comfort and type of sock. Can,t find them anywhere in the stores, just online. just wish I would have ordered just a little bit smaller size.
B00440CVPY Different then at store. I bought similar socks couple m. ago but they do not have it anymore. Store socks had higher quality. Beter then nothing....
B00440CVPY These are good socks. Some of the better socks I have received from Timberland. These socks have good elastic around the ankle and have held up better than some others.
B00440CVT0 Thin, small, expensive socks These socks are thinner than any athletic sock I've ever worn and extremely small to boot. After a single cold-water wash and low-heat tumble dry, I struggle to pull these onto my size 9 feet and they're already splitting apart at the seams. I was also thoroughly unimpressed with the manufacturer's packaging. The socks were tethered together so tightly with one of those horrible plastic clothing tags that the plastic tag itself was yanking a piece of material out off one of the socks. Because of this, I held off on opening the other two identical packages of these socks that I purchased at the same time to ensure that the first package would keep intact after a wash. This turned out to be a wise decision; I won't be opening the other packages. Especially for the price, I'm truly disappointed.
B00440CVUO They are seconds/Irregulars I'm not going into great detail here but these are IRREGULARS or what I would call SECONDS. They will not stay up due to weak elasticity at the top. No two socks look the same and are what I would describe as low quality workmanship. I would not buy them again ! I really bought them to wear with boots but they fall down around my ankles. I've always loved Timberland products but these socks are a big disappointment and will make me wonder about future Timberland purchases.
B00440CVWC Timberland Men's Socks. Love these socks, they are the most comfortable socks I own!! I will certainly buy more when I need them.
B00440CVWC Good socks, breathe well When I bought these socks, I was specifically looking for socks with a higher back that would protect my ankle from some new shoes I got that had a very firm heel tab. These fit the bill perfectly. They're padded well, so they're comfortable for standing in for long periods, but they also breathe well in case your feet get hot. Definitely socks to consider!
B00440CVWC Love these socks! I have had Timberland socks in the past & I love how they feel & are of good quality. These are no different feel great!
B00440CVWC Not the timberland Outdoor quality These socks are thin and are constantly riding down my ankle.  My foot size is 10.5 and wide so this fit all sock should have been ok.  I was expecting the same quality of my Timberland Men's outdoor socks, that I have had for 3 years, but it's not the cast.  These would be fine for a small foot in a pair of tennis shoes for a walk around a mall, not for a walk on a trail or hike.
B00440CVWC Amazing socks for the price For years I have been buying organic clothing. It normally runs a fair bit more expensive than the regular stuff. To get a pack of three socks made from organic cotton and recycled polyester gave me a wee tingly sensation in my nether regions. Really rather pleasant it was too.Oh, and the "cushioned footbed" makes these socks very comfy indeed. Great value. Highly recommended.Now, if only they were Fair Trade...
B00440CVWC Timberland socks These socks are my favorite and the fit and feel are just perfect for any weather. I would recommend this to anyone.
B00440CVWC Very disappointed When I received these socks, I thought they would be great. But when I put them on, the very thin strip of elastic was too tight around my ankle. I could hear the elastic tearing every time I put them on. After just a few uses the elastic was gone and the socks are now useless. If they put more substantial elastic around the ankle and didn't make it so small in circumference, they would be great socks.
B00440CVZO Very Comfortable. I love these socks!  I used to find them at Famous FGootwear Outlet stores, but then two years ago they stopped carrying them.  I had looked online but could not locate anyone that carried these.  That is, until I located them on Amazon.The fit is nice, very comfy.  They are predominantly cotton, ( I hate polyester, ugh),  and last a long time.  They are not heavy as a boot sock for hiking, but they're not like the typical thin poly dress socks that everyone sells.  They are a nice weight with comfortable amount of material for a crew sock.You'll like these.
B00440CVZO More is Not Always Better I've never paid this much for a pair of socks before. My farmer husband's socks come from Walmart and last until he can put a grapefruit in the hole in the toe and back out the hole in the heel.I decided to pay a premium and buy him luxuriously comfortable expensive socks for Christmas and was sorely disappointed. First, what respectable "boot" socks don't come up over the calves? He complained right away that they didn't even touch his calves and are really misnamed "crew" socks. Not much help under cowboy or muck boots - skiiers read on.One wash and those too short to begin with socks won't even fit me now. Moral: Don't pay more for less OR make good looking mittens out of them.
B004EWG3E2 Great socks Perfect socks for wearing with boots or high tops. Very tough, but extremly soft. the only issue is the high price.
B004EWG3IS Good I used to buy cheap socks too but then I tried these and they were much better, I recommend them.
B004EWG3IS Great socks My teenage son likes these socks because they stay in place and don't seem to get stretched out.  They maintain the original fit characteristics through the entire life of the socks. Definitely recommend these socks.
B004EWG3IS Great Socks Comfortable, thick, and lasts a long time before the elasticity wears out.  WARNING: Guys, my wife commandeered 2 pair at first, then 2 additional pair came up missing, so thankfully I found them on Amazon so I could replace the pairs she took from my sock drawer!
B004EWG3IS Perfect fit! Great for work boots (6&#34;inch) comfortable and durable, nice fit. Helps keep your feet cool without the extra material from regular crew length socks.I highly recommend!
B004EWG3M4 Great Support These are great socks with great support for your arch and padding where you need it. I wear these in combination with my Timberland boots at work 10+ hours a day. My only fault with these socks is that they are one size fits all. I've got big feet, size 15, I push these socks to there limit and then some, but they are toughly made and seem to stand up to the punishment!Lee Carey a cabinet maker
B004EWG3Q0 Great Socks! These socks are very comfortable and well made.  I would reccomend them to anyone looking for a quality low rider sock.
B004EWG3Q0 Bought Timberland socks at the Timberland Outlet Store and needed more. They are exactly what I expected they would be.  They fit well and have good cushioning.  I would recommend them.
B004EWG3QA Great I work 12-14 hr shifts on concrete and, so far, these socks are MUCH more comfortable than the cheap Hanes socks I'm used to.  Was a little worried about the length before buying, but they're perfect.  I wear a six-inch tall steel toe boot and these sit just above the top of them.  Only had them a week, so I'll need to update this as they wear on how long they last.
B004FESCK2 best boot ever Loved the colors! Extremely warm which will be great for Buffalo winters. I went one size up...they feel a little big but that will be good for wearing thick socks.
B004J2HSIC Timberland Chocorua Very light weight, seem to fit to size well, have not used in too cold weather, wear only redhead socks in boots and great, would recommend.
B004J2HT6I Convenient, sturdy This boot is rugged and convenient. With the zipper it is easy to put on and off. Very handy in snowy days. But this requires thick socks. The upper edge of the shoe scratches against your skin and it is painful. With a thick socks problem solved. When choosing the size chose +5 to your regular size.
B004J2PCHG Great Boots Haven't let me down yet. It is hard to find my size in stores. The extra room allows for some good socks though.
B004K22QM4 Snuggy Well these boots look great and feel great except they don't fit great. I usually wear a 9.5 in sneakers so I figures I would order these in a 9. Long story short I can only wear them with thin socks and not with regular cotton socks. So just have them in mind. Otherwise they feel great.
B004K66PAE Beautiful boots Gorgeous shoes!  I love the rich burgundy color and the heel height is perfect.  I have skinny to medium calves and I still have a little room left to tug the jeans in.  They fit true to size.  I am 8 1/2 and they fit just right with thin socks, so if you want to wear thick winter socks go 1/2 size up.  I am very happy with my purchase.
B004K66PAE Perfect! Totally in love with these boots. They are wicked comfortable, look amazing, and seem very sturdy. I live in NYC and walk a LOT, so the rubber on the heel is already wearing down a bit but that's to be expected. I am about a 9.5-10 in shoes and the 10s fit be perfectly, with room for thicker socks if it's cold.
B004K66PAE Very Nice They are true to size. If you plan on wearing thick socks I suggest probably getting a bigger size. I bought the black ones and wore them to work the first time and oh man! they were tight. It ended up working out cause I broke them in I guess. but they were tight. It's been a month and now I practically wear them everyday. It does help when I wear thin socks. They are comfortable and nice. I wear them to work, to hang out with friends, and when I want that &#34;don't want to look like a bum, don't want to look way dressed up, just nice&#34; look.
B004K66PAE Great boot! Very nice, pebble grain leather. Comfortable fit. I ordered my usual shoe size, and I think it fits well, but I have room to wear thick socks if I want to. If you like a really snug fit with socks, I'd say order down a half size. Also, if you want a tight fit around your ankle, this is not your boot. You won't look ankle-less, but they're not tight through the leg like a riding boot would be. Love my pair!
B004K6C6ZW More like socks than boots They fit very well, are very comfortable BUT the darker leather side is more like a sock. It is very soft that do not stay firm exactly like socks.
B004KQ4IWG Nice boot but I had to go up a half size & am not sure about the rubbing These are very good-looking, sturdy boots with the quality I'd expect from Timberland. I wear an 8 and sometimes 8 1/2 and this one required the 8 1/2 so I've sent them back & reordered.  They went on but I could tell they wouldn't be comfortable all day and I wanted to be able to wear thicker socks too. As others have said, the inside stitching around the woven insert & the zipper does rub your leg since I was exchanging mine for another size, I didn't wear them long enough to see if it would be a problem. I want to be able to wear them with skirts & tights but don't want the boot to snag my tights. When I get the larger size, I may only be able to wear them with socks & jeans but for the price ($53!?!?,) I'm good with that.  If they don't mess up my tights, even better!
B004L8P6HO Just lovin' it....and so comfy! :) I just loved it!  Very comfortable even walking for hours and hours.  But I have to wear thick socks though since my feet always feel so cold if it's freezing outside.  But this shoes still perfect for me....just lovin' it! :)
B004LBIBEG Comfortable These boots are nice for wearing casually or even in an office environment.  They are a little loose so I tend to wear a couple pairs of socks with them. They are nice and snug with two pairs of socks but then are a little difficult to put on.  Once they are on they are very comfortable and I have done a couple several mile walks with them on and no problems.
B004LL1ELS Best Boots I ever had!!! I am dealing with -18 degrees and -40 windchill in Fort Wayne, IN right now and this is my second year wearing these boots and they are well worth it. I have even worn them without socks and forgot I didn't have socks on because my feet were so warm that you wouldn't know it was -6 degrees outside! My daughter keeps borrowing my boots when she needs to shovel or do something serious out in the snow. I need to buy a pair so she'll leave mine alone!!! I never want another pair but this!!!
B004LLSV5U Really cute, but didn't work for me. I was really excited to find a tall boot, that tied. I ordered a half size larger then my usual size as I like to wear thick socks, but they were too small even without socks, and the laces were too short to really tie. I was disappointed and returned them.
B004MPRPCK Love IT I bought this for my 8 year old son and this is his second yr wearing them, he enjoys the winter months with these i bought a 1/2 size larger so he could get at least 2or 3 years of wear first yr he wore thick socks and second yr only regular socks and we love Timberland for the rubber soles which is rugged skid proof the shearling keeps his feet warm and comfy ohhh that suede beautiful camel color i think its a handsome manly boot for boys they always look well dressed in this style. Thanks Amazon for a Great price,and Timberland for an Awesome boy boot&#8230;&#8230;.. I recommend highly
B004P1A5YG Great beach shoes Great beach shoes. what these are better than aqua socks is when they dry you don't look like you're wearing aqua socks. they zip up and take up almost zero room in your bag.
B004Q01HZM Good boot. A little cheap though. I've had this boot for over a year now and I really like it. It's handsome enough for the office I work in, but also great for more casual corduroys or jeans. Am am a bit disappointed by the quality though. After a year, the right boot has developed an annoying squeak and both of the laces have absolutely fallen apart. I don't mind the laces, but the squeak bothers me. I still like them though and wouldn't mind buying them again, just not for full price.Also, break in time was about three weeks of wearing really thick socks, but after than you can wear normal dress socks and it won't agitate your feet. Runs a full size large. I wear a 15W and 14W fit me perfectly.
B004Q01HZM Love these boots! The look is exactly as advertised and they broke in rather quickly.They lace to to accommodate both dress and thicker socks.Plenty of room for wool socks just in time for autumn.Would buy again!
B004REL8TW Good boot I did not give this five stars because it is NOT that warm.  You have to layer your socks.  I do have enough room to layer my socks though.  And while I have read that it has been hard to get on and off, I don't mind the snug fit around my calf because NO snow gets in these.  They are really nice looking too.
B004RKJ8CU Great socks; a little extra padding I've worn these socks for the past few years and just ordered a new pair through Amazon. I like a little extra padding to my socks and these fit the bill. They aren't as thin as most dress socks, but they aren't so thick as to make you feel like you're about to go on a backpacking expedition.I wear them with 'loafer' type shoes to work. They would be too casual to wear with dress sacks, but they go well with cotton pants or jeans. I typically choose the brown color, so they go with just about everything I have on.The socks hold up well over time. Even a year into my last pair, the elastic holds at the top, with no slippage. If your feet are prone to sweating, these are a good choice, as they are somewhat moisture absorbentI'm very pleased with the product and will continue to buy and wear them.
B004RKJ8CU great socks These socks are great, everyone in the family wears them and loves them.  The are a very comfortable thickness and calf height, perfect for cold days with sneakers or inside rain boots.  They don't shrink when washed and dried.
B004RKJ8CU Great Socks - Top of the Line! Nice replacement for thevTerritory Agead Socks titled "The Joy of Socks, "wich have not been in stock the last two months.. Just right on thickness. It would be nice if they were offer in different colors. Great but!
B004RKJ8CU Timberland men socks Only socks my husband likes. Could not locate in stores thank you for carrying online. They are an excellent quality
B004RKJ8CU Good socks As with anything that is Timberland, these are good quality. Warm and a stylish rugged look. As my other winter socks wear out. I'm sure I'll buy more.
B004RKJ8MU Best Socks On The Planet! I'm super picky when it comes to socks. Most socks are either to tight or end up working their way down your leg, but these fit just right.  They keep my feet dry and are pretty much a year round sock.  If I could have an entire drawer full of these I would.  They are a little high in price, but they hold up well.Warning:  If you try these socks all of your others instantly become those socks you only wear because your Timberlands aren't clean.
B004RKJ90G Unclear discription I thought I was getting 2 pair of socks, one pair of each color listed.  $17.00  for a pair of socks? Feel ripped off...
B004S0PG84 A Canadian woodcutter Few month ago, I found out these boot socks.then time was the right moment for me to buy this length sized.when I wear onto my foot, as if I were to be completely A Canadian woodcutter. strange matter, isn't it ?If a maple trees and a edged hatchet near around mine, I will mow down everything.ANYWAYThis socks wraps my legs so gently ,mild and supporting arch point is good consideration for trekking.My shoe size is 8 or 8 1/2. though I feel a little bit this socks are bulky for me, I like these,of course can Occupied.Thank you amazon, Bye.
B004XYPKOA I love them! I wanted longer socks to wear when working out, because i always wear leggings so I actually wear them outside, extremely visible lol.The color is a very warm and homey gray. Thick enough but you won't sweat. I've been a loyal customer of Timberland and it has never failed me.Oh actually you get TWO pairs for 15 dollars, I wasn't aware of it so that was a pleasant surprise :)
B004XYPKR2 Great socks I was looking for warm, cozy all cotton slub socks to wear on those really cold mornings and these fit the bill perfectly. I bought several pair and was pleased with the product.
B004XYPKR2 very nice I love these socks.  I have been wearing them for a few months and am very happy with them.  The fit nicely, are very warm, not bulky, and they wash beautifully.  Would highly recommend.
B004XYPKR2 Socks are OK First I thought it was just one pair for the price which lead me to conclude that they would be really thick which is what I wanted but it is a package of 2 pair. (Sometimes descriptions on Amazon are lacking in details.) So thickness was nothing special and socks are not especially soft but ok. I wear size 5-1/2 shoes so regular women's socks are always a little big which these are as well. Also they came up higher on leg than I would consider standard crew length which is what I was looking for also. So for those reasons only 3 stars although overall quality is fine.
B004ZCEVP4 Much too large This boot seemed about 2 sizes too big-- I'm a 15 M and it was huge, much larger than it would need to be to accomodate thick socks, and also very stiff.
B0052A7F2Y so-so comfort These shoes would be so much more comfortable if it didn't have the little bubbling on the inside top of shoes. The little bubbling has started to make a blister on my big toe even with thick socks on.
B0052A7F2Y Great! Love these shoes! They are comfortable and fit nicely. I would recommend thiscker socks if you are walking around a lot at work though.
B0054HM3YA Loose fitting around the ankles. The only flaw and I can live with it. Glad I bought some very thick socks to wear. Buy thick socks!
B0056QW98E Walking on pillows! These run a size large and a bit wide.  I just wear a pair of socks with mine and they are perfect!  There's nothing like a comfortable pair of shoes,
B0056QW98E true to size and walking on clouds Love the way these shoes fit! I got my true size and they fit perfectly even with socks on! I tried the danskos, and they just were to tight on the tops of my feet but these fit great. The ONLY thing that is kinda stinky is that the holes are so low on the tops of your feet you can see your socks, but if you were fun socks, only makes these shoes better : )
B0058SHRO6 Timberland for barefeet I initially bought these for work because I stand all day. At first they were too tight around the toe ,causing a little irritation. But as always leather stretches out ,and they fit well without socks.
B0058SPNV0 great looks and fits like a dream these were one of the many pairs I have, however these are the only girly ones I have and have really enjoyed them, if you wear a 9 go for the 9.5 for a little space for thick socks
B00591ZHXK Love them What can I say about timberland?  Nothing bad of course, I've  loved Timberland forever.  they are quite comfortable and as always I could wear all day.  I usually wear an 8 1/2 but I always get a 9 because I love wearing thick socks with them.
B005BWB2QI Great fit They were for my son, he really like them. He has a wide foot and has room to put on his thick socks.
B005BWB2QI Size is too large for what is advertised. I'm a UK9 usually and I might probably have fitted with better with their UK8.5 or even their UK8. It's wearable with THICK socks but if you don't size down, you can't wear them barefooted.Should have read the review on this more carefully before buying. Still, these look nice and I will wear them with pants or jeans but gotta use pretty thick socks to get them not to fly off my feet.
B005BWB2QI Fit well, color is nice, quality shoes I'm glad I listened to other reviewers who said this runs large. I usually wear a 10.5, but I ordered a 10. Without socks, even a 10 is a little roomy. But I like them very much. They are very comfy right out of the box, and I think they will be quite spiffy to wear on my trip to Cozumel.
B005BWB2QI Great but.. Do not wear these with ankle socks. you will get blisters. Had to learn the hard way :) Make sure your socks are long enough.
B005BWB2QI ... stink but today after not wearing socks it smells like I stepped in dog crap Normally my feet wont stink but today after not wearing socks it smells like I stepped in dog crap. I guess unlike with bean's shoes you will need to wear socks. Great value though!
B005BWB2QI Great shoes Extremely comfortable with or without socks (1980s style).  Was concerned some about short-hair suede, but it is extremely durable.  I found my new favorite shoe for everyday wear.  Exceptional value style and comfort.
B005FM5Q3O Shiver me Timbers These sandals are adorable.  I bought them for my 14 month old grandson.  They fit perfectly.  Easy to put on, as there are two Velcro straps for ease in getting them on.  He has worn them with and without socks.  Looks better without the socks!!  No old man look.  He walks well in them too.  His mom and I are both pleased with the purchase.
B005LCQYYS Nice but gentle shoe I quiet like these, however I think one of eyes is being ripped out from the material...I think I have overtightened them Otherwise they are pretty comfy, wear them with no socks and they don't rub my feet.
B005MI875U Nice  ! These boots are nice for the money. Very comfortable but they seem really roomy. I don't have a wide foot so plenty of room for heavy socks when I ordered my usual size 15.  I could have ordered one size down (14) in these for use with regular crew socks only.
B00623SKVU These are kids socks I searched for toddler socks and these came up in the results.  Everything appeared appropriate and just what I was looking for but the are definately kids socks.
B006JFYS6C Good light weight socks Very comfortable light weight socks. These are pretty thin socks so I don't wear them in the winter but they will be great in the summer.
B006JFYSYO Really good socks but they keep shrinking I love the look and feel of these socks. However, they've continued to shrink after many washes. Otherwise, they seem to hold up quite well. Because of the shrinking I can't give 4 stars.
B006JFYTTS Love these socks Not sure what it is, but these socks are my favorite.  Nice support, soft feel, and extremely comfortable.  I have them in the white as well as colored versions.
B006JFYTXE Great Socks These socks fit very comfortably and do not wear away very fast. Also, unlike other brands of socks I have tried, these socks do not shed the inner lining when worn.
B006OVNH5E Like adult socks, but for kids! These socks fit really well. I actually bought another set after I received the first. They seem like &#34;adult&#34; socks, but in little kid sizes.
B006OVNH5E Great socks! Bought these socks for my 11yr old son...they're super cute and very high quality.  I'd definitely recommend them and would buy more in different colors.
B006OVNH5E Great quality These socks were part of a gift for my grandson, aged 7.  Don't hesitate to purchase these great looking and great quality crew socks.
B006T32HGC I like. they fit well I wear an 11 B. You can not fine any Boots of any kind for work that are an 11 B.. So i get a 10.5 M  That means D. That is the narrowest.  You can find.  So i wear very thick socks. And i buy very good Boots.
B006T9281U Timberland socks I love these socks. They are very warm for not being thick and heavy. I was very surprised by this.
B006T9281U Great Socks! These socks go great with my new Timberland ladies boots and will be wonderful when they take a trip to Alaska later this year!
B006T9281U Timberland Women's Thermo Cool Crew 2 Pair Socks, Pink, One Size Timberland Women's Thermo Cool Crew 2 Pair Socks, Pink, One Size comes in a Pretty color. Great texture. Wish they were cheaper. Love these
B006T9281U Much too tight! On me, these socks must be cuffed at the ankle. Since I tried them on, and was therefore unable to return them, I had to snip the top elastic before being able to cuff them at the ankle. I'm not a particularly large person, but the socks are so small, they were cutting my circulation off at the ankle. That's absurd. Factory seconds? I HOPE so. These are awful.
B006T9281U Timberland Socks I love this brand of socks & have several pairs.  These are very thin and tight-fitting---not what I expected at all.
B006T9281U Worn twice and already a hole! I bought these socks thinking they'd be a little tougher and a little warmer for Winter. Little did I know that after wearing them twice, one of the socks has a huge hole on the bottom at the ball of my foot and is developing another! Not much I can do since they've been worn, but I would absolutely not buy them again!They also fit very snugly, and I have to fold over the top because it is so binding.
B006T92A7C Sock Perfection! I am a sock enthusiast (addict!). I love unusual patterns and fun looks, but more importantly, the socks must fit well, launder well and feel good on my feet.  These socks meet all that criteria and more!  I bought three packs of these socks based on the high marks and previous reviews.  I would give them 10 stars if I could!! They are perfection! So happy with them and thankful other people took the time to write glowing reviews on these socks.  I LOVE THEM and would definitely purchase more!!
B006T92AFE great socks white it's a bit pricier than usual for me for socks, these are worth it because mostly cotton, super soft, & great fit.
B006T92AFE Timberland Women's Socks I love these!  I was at a convention in Oklahoma City and I like to take my shoes off while there and these socks were so comfortable.  I want some a little thicker next time I order some.
B006T92AFE Socks I love Timberland socks. I got rid of my old Walmart socks. Quality is better than quantity.I give Timberland socks a 5 star.
B006T92AFE great socks These socks are perfect to wear with sneakers! They have the ribbed feature that kind of squeezes your foot a bit, if you do or don't like that. I really liked the 3 colors.
B006T92AFE great product they are extrmely comfortable socks.  cushioning helps keep feet feeling wonderful through the day . Will buy these socks again.shipped quickly
B006T92ANG Love Timberland Socks! They fit to size and are always an excellent quality material for socks.  I buy all different types of Timberland socks, athletic, dress, etc.  and have never been unhappy.
B006T92ANG Outdoor Adventure socks Better than I expected.  Perfect weight for walking in a tennis shoe.It was even better than I expected.  Thanks.
B006T92ANG socks just an average sock nothing to flash i found the front and back tabs to be rather annoying and the elstic i little tight around the bridge of the foot i have a small foot but a little wider than normal be good for work boots as it wouldnt rub, but not as a every day sock
B006T92ANG worth it I wanted this socks because a co worker advised it. I must say I am on my feet all day in the ICU and it feels nice to have cozy socks on.
B006T92ANG fine socks i bought these to wear w/short boots so the socks dont show.  i havent washed them yet but they are fine now.
B006T92CL6 Not quite the sock I was looking for. I was trying to find thick socks, and these are not thick. They also shrunk after washing and while they still fit they aren't as comfortable as right out of the package. It is a good quality sock but I would suggest ordering a size up for the long run.
B006T92CL6 Sock Freak Here SOCK SNOB REVIEW:  I usually only wear Smartwool and Wigwam socks.  $$$ for sure.  I bought these only because I really liked the pink color.  I love these socks so much I wear them more then all the rest.  They have a good support in the arch and cushion were needed.  The pink color is outstanding!!UPDATE: Everyone has a right to their opinion but.... I read the review that mentioned the sock runs small.  I have a size 9 foot and they fit me just fine.  I wear these socks all the time.  I have had them for months and they wash and wear perfectly.  They have become my new favorite.
B006T92CL6 One size fits snug on a 7.5 ladies foot Love the socks that fit well, but can't see a larger foot fitting into this sock.  Worried that it could possibly shrink upon washing, so will not use the dryer.  If it shrinks, it will possibly no longer fit.  On the positive note, they are rugged, durable socks.
B006T92CL6 childrens socks The socks were actually meant for a childs feet.  They were not a womens average size 9 -11 sock.  I put them in a charity bag.
B006T92CL6 Best Socks EVER These are the most comfortable socks EVER in the history of sockdom.  I tried them just for everyday use and also for an aerobic workout -- in both cases, the socks stayed put (no bunching, sliding down in your shoe, etc), and did not make my feet hot.  The cushioning is outstanding, yet they are not very thick socks and won't make your shoes too tight.  I've worn Thorlos which I thought were great, but the Timberland Thermo is significantly more comfortable than even the Thorlos.  I bought the yellow and pink, and now I'm off to hopefully (!) find some white ones.  I highly recommend trying these.
B006T92CL6 Thick and comfy I wear a size 9 1/2 shoe, these socks fit perfectly. They're actually fairly thick and comfy, highly recommend them.
B006T92CL6 Very nice socks I wear size 9 and these socks fit fine.  Not sure how well would do on larger feet.  Nice weight for wearing with tennis shoes and I love the color.  Great Timberland Quality.
B006T92CL6 Socks are socks These socks fit perfectly. I wear them with yellow crocs and they look nice as well. I would purchase again
B006T92CL6 Tall Running Sock- Bit higher than other quarter socks These socks work great for trail running. I have been very happy with then. However, I have come to realize that not all quarter high socks are equal. These have a better performance material than others, however they are significantly higher than other quarter high socks I have purchased for running. These pair in particular have a better weight and material than others, but they are quite noticeable in my trail running shoes.
B006T92CL6 Love these My favorite socks and you could not purchase them for the longest time.  now they come in grey and yellow but used to come in blue and  pink.While they were out of these for a while, I bought other "expensive socks" but none compares to these.  They are the best.Not crazy about the yellow color, but I think I've ordered about 20 pair of grey ones.  Which is good because you don't have to spend time matching socks!
B006T92CL6 very happy they are extremely comfortable socks.  cushioning helps keep feet feeling wonderful through the day . Will buy these socks again.shipped quickly
B006T92CL6 soft, comfortable socks I really like these socks.  They are not to thin or too thick and work in my hiking shoes as well as my tennis shoes.
B006ZGYLC6 Gorgeous ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! i'de say runs a little snug, i am a 9.5 and usually have a little more room than these give me, so no socks just tights to wear, but can u say... FAB-U-LOUS!
B006ZIGT4C classy & comfy just as with Timberland hiking boots I've purchased, these ran about one half size larger than most other brands. they are not quite as wide as I would like, but that's not unusual for woman's C/D size. they fit with socks and are easy to slip off & on. can be worn around the office as well as with jeans. it will take some time to break them in for wear with thicker socks due to the width issue but for now they are warm and comfy with thin socks. heel is 1.25 inches, back of boot rises to 6 inches from bottom of heel. front tapers to 7.25 inches high. the Black color is very dark, not gray or dull as in the picture. these are a good buy for winter or fall water proof boots at a very good price. 20% promo discount for first purchase of Amazon shoes make them an even better value.
B006ZJ2ZUI Timberland Women's Welfleet Wellie Love the boot.  Have to wear it for awhile to see if it will hold up to working in the yard.  All other boots that I have purchased so far from other suppliers have cracked or came apart.  I ordered the 9 so I could wear with heavy socks, and it just fits.  I usually wear a smaller size.
B006ZJ2ZUI love these! This is my second pair, that's first.  I am usually a size 7/7.5, got them in a 7, completely disregarding the reviews saying they run small, and yes-they do!  I had to wear the 7 without socks and by the end of the day my toes were killing me.  That put aside, this time around I got an 8.  While they are slightly big (I wish they made half sizes) I can wear thick sock and walk on cloud 9 because these are like walking on air from the minute you slide your foot in.  And they are really really cute!  Don't hesitate to get them.
B006ZJ2ZUI da boots! Good boots, I liked them right away. I txt'd my daughter a pic of them n was glad to finally have a new pair of boots for snow n rain. BUT a couple of days ago I tried to put them on and was disappointed to discover my foot won't go in. I was wearing socks when I tried putting them on I didn't try without socks cuz I don't want to wear them without socks. So I'm stuck with a nice looking brand new pair of Timberland boots I can't wear. ugh!
B006ZTTV1O Great boot and super comfortable! These are my very first pair of &#34;Timbs.&#34; So far so good! I've had them for a week now and I can just tell they are built to last (as expected with Timberland boots). Keep 'em laced on the looser and they will be super easy to slip on and off. The large leather tab in the back really helps with that. Please note, these are NOT a rugged work boot (and they aren't advertised to be so), but they are PERFECT for the office or going out on the weekends.I was looking for a boot that I could dress up and dress down, but at the same time have a solid bottom-sewn tread that provides great grip, stability and protection for inclement weather. Did I mention they are amazingly comfortable? Well they are. I can wear these boots all day and night if I needed to. I think I found the perfect shoe for me!In regards to the sizing that everyone talks about. My foot measures a men's 8.5. However, I ALWAYS buy shoes and boots in a men's 9 because it gives me a little extra room and allows me to wear thicker socks in the colder months. I was concerned when I read all the comment about it running a half size too big. I have a higher arch and a wider foot but still usually get a regular width for all my footwear. These fit as I expected them to fit. With thin dress socks, they felt a tad big, but with regular or thinker socks, they fit PERFECTLY! I'm sure an 8.5 would have been a little snugger, but I didn't want to take that chance with a boot.It's all about how YOU like your shoes to fit. I recommend getting your normal size to see how they feel.Not much more I can say. This are very comfortable, practical and stylish boots. I'd totally buy them again and will continue to by Timberlands for their strong construction (which for me, means everything when it comes to buying foot ware).I hope this helps!
B006ZVM90M Great ! Love these boots ! They run small.I can't wear heavy socks in them so I wear light weight socks and my feet still stay warm in them.I usually wear a size seven.I think a seven and a half would have been perfect.Other than that I'm very happy with them.They do have an insert you can remove which I did try once but put it back in because the boot just felt better with the gel /shearling insert in.Would have returned for a bigger size but they didn't one.Must be an old style as the new ones are not plaid and I just loved the look of the brown plaid.These are a great boot and will definitely buy another pair from them when needed.
B006ZVRXP8 great fot, very comfortable I wore these out on a hike last weekend, super comfortable! I was even wearing pretty thick socks and they fit quite nicely. The sole gives plenty of support, they're pretty rigid. I have yet to test them in wet conditions, but they did well in mud .
B0070SH5G2 A bit cramped, but otherwise attractive, well-made boots I bought a pair of 9Ws -- not the 7.5Ms Amazon seems to think I did -- as my larger right foot habitually gets cramped in regular 9s. However, I forgot to account for the fact that with boots, you tend to wear thicker socks; so that crowding is still somewhat apparent in thick wool, albeit preventable by wearing my thinner Icebreaker socks where they're instantly more comfortable. Hopefully breaking the boots in will allow me to wear thicker socks. (I live in Australia, so returning them for a larger size is more trouble than it's worth.)Still, these are a stylish, comfortable and well-constructed boot. The robust rubber soul does well to keep your feet elevated and absorb uneven surfaces, although serious hikers should probably look elsewhere. A bit more padding or insulation around the ankle and lip would have been appreciated, but it's hardly uncomfortable. Do also note that they are a richer burgandy than the dim pictures let on. I personally think they actually look better in person than pictured.These boots work well with jeans, where they have a smart-casual winter look to them. I haven't had a chance to test their waterproofing yet, but I don't expect them be comparable to a pair of hiking boots like Scarpas... and at half the price, neither should you. However, I bought these as winter walking boots for my trip to Europe's capital cities next year, so I wasn't after the gaudy hiking boot look. These Timberlands have a much more desirable blend of style, comfort and durability that I can see my feet happily living in during my trip.
B007782V1O OKAY I thought the boots were cute.  They were a little small.  I normally wear a 7.5 bought an 8 wide.  They were too short especially with thick socks.  They were also a little stiff and wasn't sure what they would feel like after breaking in.  Returned for a pair of Clarks which felt great right out of the box.
B007782V1O Nice boots Got my boots couple weeks ago. It's beautiful. I orderer 1 size bigger so that i can wear thick socks
B007782V1O excellent! I got my boots 2 days earlier than expected so before they even arrived they were off to a good start. I got a GREAT price on these boots, I think the price went up but man what a steal! They are authentic genuine Timberlands for a great price and they are as good as it gets. The fold down fleece part is adorable and the color is unique. I was complemented on them the first day I put them on. They were great in the snow and they are great with some thick socks. Sizing-wise, i'm not really sure what to say because I thought they were a little big at first (8.5) but at the same time I know that an 8 would be too small; so like i said, thick socks or double up and you'll be fine. Overall, super satisfied with my purchase!
B007782V1O Good shoes, but..... I just got my shoes today. They're comfortable and feel nice, but two points bother me. First, I ordered a 6W, and it fits perfectly...without socks. I'm not sure if my feet got fatter, but I've always gotten 6B/M in other shoes, and I kinda wanted to wear these boots with socks. However, that's not such a big deal, I'll just get some thinner socks. The other point was that it's not as feminine as I expected them to be, but I guess it's kind of expected if I get boots like these. Other than that, I really like these boots.
B007782V1O Great They are very comfortable and looks good on feet. but not warm for negative temperature. i wear with second socks.
B007784JI2 Comfort in a box Context:  I am currently contracting in Afghanistan.  My Forward Operating Base (FOB) sits at about 9500 feet eleveation which results in extremely cold winters/snow to the tune of about -15 degrees.  I ordered these shoes as I wanted something to protect my feet from the cold without the 300 dollar price tag.  I invested in some thick socks to offset these shoes lack of extreme winter protection.  These are very comfortable shoes, really light, easy to lace up, and the soles are the star of the show.  With all the snow these shoes have great traction and of course come with the quality you would expect from Vibram soles. Drawbacks are that these shoes are not very good for cold weather (at leat the environment I am in) so they get 4 stars instead of 5.  I mitigated the cold with warm thick socks and they work great as long as you are moving around.  Be smart and order up a half size to accomidate thicker socks.  Solid product for the price and they woudl definately be great for normal wear in a moderate environment.
B0077853PU The boots cut my legs, but... The tops of the boots chafed my legs enough during a shift at work to cut them, BUT if I wear LONG/THICK socks and sweatpants (or some sort of thick pant) under my work pants, they are very comfortable, nice to walk in etc.
B0080CACCG These were not what I had expected. I was looking for heavy work socks and these appeared to be socks like I have gotten before by Timberland. What I got were thin socks like dress socks. NOT HAPPY with them at all!
B0080CACCG Great socks These are the most comfortable socks I have ever worn. They are not to thick or to thin they are just right
B0080CACCG Good socks Best quality socks on the market.  Good fit, great wear and they cost more than the average pair of socks.
B0080CACCG Good socks These socks are my husband's favorites.  They fit well and hug the feet.  We would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a heavy weight, casual sock.
B0080CACCG nice socks very happy with the purchase of these high quality Timberland socks, they feel great and are top quality product, good color assortment too.
B0080CACCG Timberland Socks are terrific Sort of a combo dress sock/crew sock. It's a bit lighter than most crew socks, but heavier than most dress socks - just what I was looking for. However they are a bit taller than a standard crew - more like a dress sock - coming up into the calf area. A crew usually comes up to just below the calf. (They are taller than the picture indicates). But a very high quality sock.
B0080CACCG timberland socks i bought timberland socks at sam's several years ago and liked them...they are heavier than these and not too tight around the ankle. These are ok but they're just socks and a little too snug for me.
B0080CACCG Great Socks These are my second set of Timberlands. The first set were the all cotton and I liked them. They fit just right, and donot fall down from the calf of my legs. To me the 60 percent cotton socks feel just as comfortable. I had been wearing the all cotton socks for several years and many, many washings and they still hold their shape and fit. Although the price has doubled, I still feel they are a good buy.
B0080CACCG Fine socks These socks go on easily, fit well, don't make my feet sweat and seem to be a very good construction. They feel well on my feet and what more can you ask of a sock!
B0080CACCG most comfortable socks I have I don't often endorse products, but these are so dam comfortable. They are also very stylish if you care about such things.
B0080CACCG Great socks Without a doubt the most comfortable socks I've ever worn. They wick moisture as well and keep your feet comfortable.
B0080CACCG Great socks Comfortable fit. Soft material. Colors in picture acurately depict sock colors. I have to write nine more words for some reason.
B0080CACCG Great fit and Quality These socks provide a lot of support and are very comfortable.  I've got wide feet and they go on with no trouble.  Because of wide feet, a lot of higher end crew socks make my shoes feel too tight.  These don't.  They are relatively thin, strong and very well made.  The colors are very similar to what's shown and work with a lot of clothing styles.
B0080CACCG High quality socks I'm very pleased with the quality of these socks.They are thick at the bottom and thinner at the top and shaft. The mostly synthetic blend makes them more dressy than your average crew sock. There's no pilling or fuzziness like all cotton socks. The fabric is thinner than a crew but thicker than a dress sock.I think they're dressy enough to wear with business casual khakis, which is why I bought them.
B0080CACCG This pair of socks fabric is very thick, winter heat preservation effect is very good. This pair of socks fabric is very thick, winter heat preservation effect is very good.Timberland products quality is very good
B0080CACCG Good socks. Nice fit and they are good quality pair of socks. I definitely recommend this pair of socks go for it.
B0080CACCG Love these socks! Very comfortable and seemingly very durable.  Timberland does not disappoint.  These are my go to socks from now on.  I pray they don't stop making them for years to come.
B0080CACCG Best socks ever Can't believe I am writing a review for socks.  Purchased pack of these socks a couple of years ago from a warehouse store.  Best socks I have ever had.  Elastic holds up great and doesn't wear out with lots of use.
B0080CACCG Very nice socks Comfy and well made socks in nice colors.  I only wish they didn't all say Timberland in bright letters atop the toes.
B0080CACCG Timberland Rules I like these socks because they are very durable and comfortable. I do wish thee were a few more color options though.
B0080CACCG Great Socks If I could change one thing, it would be that I could pick the individual colors I wanted instead of a multi-pack.
B0080CACCG Excellent fit These are wonderful socks, will not cut your circulation like many other socks do. The texture makes your feet feel so comfortable in them. Just love them, will get a an extra pack soon.
B0080CACCG Best socks I own These are great socks...they fit well and are stretchy...they don't cut into my heals ...they are worth the extra bucks!
B0080CACCG The perfect socks I had bought these socks before, so ordered some more and am still happy!! My wife sometimes borrows them, that's how good they are.
B0080CACCG comfortable these are very comfortable socks that provide good compression and arch support. my feet feel masaged after wearing these socks
B0080CACCG Great Socks! What can I really say, their socks, but the fit perfect, the colors are great and I bought the Timberland Pro6 Boots, so it's kinda cool to have the two go together.
B0080CACCG Never Never thought I would write a review about socks-- of all things! But these are extraordinarily comfortable-- just sitting around it's like my feet are experiencing a tiny massage-- and so soft. Some genius made these.
B0080CACCG love it- were to work every day love lov my socks they make me eel fine they do do do - great socks or great feet. ox
B0080CACMG Wow! Who would have thought I'd be writing a review on socks but these are just awesome.They fit great.... I wear a 10EE shoe.......sometimes 10.5 to get the width I need.The Merino wool blend makes these socks very comfortable.A little pricey but worth it. I'm buying more.
B0080CADOS Not good I was hopeful when I bought these socks. Comfortable. BUT, only after a few gentle washes, holes appeared in the socks!Do not buy.
B00828VKFQ squeaks Not for high arches.  Not enough room to put regular socks on. Also it squeaks when you walk. Not supportive.
B008ECQ6Y0 Great I just put these on and go where I please, no socks needed for a trip to the store or mall.
B008M2ZFQW Comfortable These look great and are comfortable enough to walk around in for long periods. The only problem I've encountered is that if you wear socks with them they kind of rub off on them and turn them red. So there's that.
B008V47G1S soft and comfy I love this shoes sooo much,it's what I expected!The color is very beautiful!I usually wear 7.5,but I ordered 7,it suits my feet if I don't wear socks.I guess 7.5 is perfect.So just buy your usual size:)
B008ZBP7M2 Love these They are soft, light, comfortable.  And the inside is comfortable enough to wear w/o socks although I bought some of those really thin boat-shoe-liners, sort of like women's hose footies :-), so I keep the innersoles clean.
B008ZBPGFU Too cool for school I really like the cool look of these lounger slippers, that said though, these slippers did not fit. I had to downsize to 7 because I don't like my heel flopping up and down as I walk and I want to wear these without socks, size 8 was perfect with socks. I typically wear 8.5-9 in running shoes.I like the arch support and comfortable sole in these slippers but these are not as comfortable as other soft slippers I had worn in years past. I just have to live with the idea of breaking in a pair of slippers and that the Smartwool liner really does not live up the reputation of their wonderful socks. I suppose it's a trade off I am willing to make because I wanted a rubber soled slipper and that I really like the cool hipster style.
B008ZBPGFU A stellar purchase An excellent buy!  Comfortable and warm, with a slightly funky look that sets you apart from the shoe industry drudgery.  I bought two pair - a light and dark!  They wear great with bulky wool rag socks or wool ankle socks for an added layer of warmth.  Or alone!  I love the SmartWool lining.
B0090JZSMW Fits well looks good Fits my 13 size very well.  I find that wearing short socks help in the comfort area.  Goes great with Jeans
B0090X4EJQ Good construction, size a tad large A well-made shoe. The sole provides much better traction than most slip-ons. The show is a bit snug over my thickest socks, but not uncomfortably so. Good room in the toes.
B0091HKWHY Hoping they improved the sole! I have been in love with the composite toe from Timberland for awhile now. This pair will be the third, and hopefully the sole will hold together and not leave me with damp socks 6 months after putting them on.This is the Titan version and they tweaked the tongue and made it more water repellant. Added the hooks at the top for quick lacing which changed the pressure points on the top of my foot but I like a tight lace up. And they have somewhat changed the sole it might be thicker or maybe a different compound. Whichever I hope it holds up better then the non Titan style.The absolutely best new feature has got to be the comfort flex fit they have. OMG it's like S-E-X on my feet in hour 10. I used too always drop a durashock in every pair of Timbs. When I opened them up for Christmas and looked inside the boot it looked different so I tried them with a thin pair of socks and was instantly in foot heaven. Insert not needed.Only thing I am going to do is put some Toe on them and rock some boot socks. So here is to hoping that the third time is the charm and these dead smexy boots will make it through two wet seasons.
B0098X6M3E :) Very comfortable shoe. Expected to have to change it halfway through the first night of wearing, but was surprised not to. Not to say that me feet weren't a bit sore, but for not having broken then in prior to I was very impressed. The only complaint is that the toes could be a little wider. If I wear a thick pair of socks it feels as though my toes are slightly pinched.
B009OL2L94 Too tight & bad design There is a plastic piece on the back of heel that is there to keep the boot shape (i think), and there is no padding to cover this piece.  So while walking, the heal is constantly rubbed against this plastic piece. After only wearing the boots for 2 hours I formed blisters, and had them ripped off the back of my heels.  This all happened while I was wearing thick hunting socks.  I bought the shoes half size up so I could wear thick socks so its not because I bought the wrong size. Cute boots, but not worth the pain. Returning.
B00A7LFL4C Great tall crew socks I was looking for tall crew socks to wear with Roper style boots.  These are plenty tall, they are not too tight around the top band and they are not as thick as regular boot socks.  They are perfect!
B00A7LFOS0 Good socks! I really really like this sock design by Timberland. Just enough compression for comfort, not too much, not too little. And, these are cotton, not synthetics. I can find lots of socks as good in wool - but expensive, and not exactly my prime choice of fabrics for summer. I like cotton better than polypro and other synthetics, too.
B00A87D8JK Very Comfortable Socks This socks are a big comfort to my feet as well as help cut down on problems I had been having with my feet at work.  Glad to have two more paris and I hope to get another in the future.
B00AW7M97S Narrow I normally wear a 9.5M in shoes. I usually order a 10M in boots for thick socks. Based off other reviews I ordered a 10W and found that in my thin dress socks my little toe was being pushed into my other toes. I have already returned. I am hoping all Timberland boots are not this way. I liked the leather and design but the footbed was waaayyyy off.
B00AW7M97S Great Boots I searched high and low for a deal! They look great and are not too heavy. They arrived promptly (sooner than I expected, sweet). If I were to wear them with thick socks, I probably would have ordered a 1/2 size larger.
B00AW7M97S A little on the tight side... But they will soon stretch - just unable to wear thick socks with them.  I love Timberland's.  They last forever and these are such a coll looking boot.
B00AW7M97S I'm thrilled... I love them but they are a little large. I'll wear thicker socks to compensate. I received lots of compliments and they were quite comfortable and stylish!
B00AW7M97S looks great! If I wear thinner socks with these it fits just fine.  I love these boots and get lots of compliments on them:)
B00AW8HF9Y almost perfect This boots are great in coldish weather, with some tractions and waterproof surface. I didn't expect them to replace my UGGs for the boston snow season, but they do provide good insinuations with some wool socks. I have a smaller calf, so i dont have much problem fitting into the boots and it still has room for a pair or two socks. my only problem with them is the ankle. The hard leather bottom keeps scraping the ankle bone, and i have to get shoe inserts to raise my feet, so it won't hit it. other than that, they are almost perfect. Also, the material is the timberland classic hard leather material, not the soft kind, just be aware.
B00AW8J5RE Just a little hard to get on... Love the style and the size is true, but just a little tight around the ankle. Can't wait until they start showing a little wear. I wear mine with thin socks. Not sure if there would be room for thick ones especially around the ankles.
B00AW8J5RE LOVE THEM! I order the boots half size bigger, just because I'm thinking of using them with winter socks. but they are perfect!
B00AW8J5RE Adorable, durable, comfortable I love these boots. I switched out the laces for brown ones (seemed a little more professional that way), but I think they're adorable with either. You do have to tug hard to get them on your foot, but I ordered the wide, so once they are on, I have plenty of breathing room and am able to wear thick boot socks. I get compliments on them everywhere I go!
B00AW8JG9G Love them! Ordered a half size larger than I wear in shoes to have room for thicker socks.  Perfect. And comfortable right out of the box.  Have gotten compliments every time I wear them.
B00AW8JG9G i will remember this brand my feet are not easy to fit, but after reading some reviews I decided to give this boot a try. I have normal to thin calves, but my feet are wide (not excessively) with a high arch. My shoe size runs at 61/2;I were thin socks. So for this boot I went with a 7...for thicker socks. They fit great!
B00AW8JG9G Great boots! The previously ordered size 9 fit well with thick socks. However, I thought they were too big. I wanted to try the 8 1/2 and compare the fit, but I returned the 9 before my card  was charged.  The 8 1/2 was way too snug for comfort and rubbed my ankles even with thick and thin socks.  Next time I will always buy size 9 in  Timberlakes.
B00AW8JG9G not for winter fashion boots. love this! leather is good, but not for the winter weather, my size is normally 7.5, got a size 8 for this, cant wear more socks to it, cause the fit is snug, i like it that way, but if youre thinking of using this for the cold weather, better get a bigger size, so your socks would fit.
B00AW8JG9G Rustic looking Nice fit with all the adjustable options.  However, the boot cut into my ankle while wearing it inside for a couple hours even though the fit was good and I had wool socks on.  I do have fussy sensitive feet.
B00AW8JG9G Great boot! I bought this size thinking I could wear two pairs of socks.  They fit very snug with just one.  I love everything else about them.  Perfect blend of biker, riding and fashion boots.
B00AW8JL0A so far so good The leather is a little stiff to begin with and made my skin a little raw. I'd suggest wearing long socks while breaking them in, but their breaking in nicely and I'm sure I'll get my money out of them.
B00AW8JL0A too hard! The upper is so hard it hurts when you walk. You would need to wear thick knee-length socks to be minimally comfortable in these. If you do buy them, you would need to get them one size bigger to accomodate the room taken by the socks. Other than this, they seem to be the long lasting product which is typical of timberland.
B00AZPPEQ0 Perfect for rainy days The boots fit perfectly with hiking socks, with dress socks they feel a little big.I bought these mainly for rainy days, I already had a chance to wear them while it was out pouring. My feet stayed dry and warm and once dried they looked like they'd never been wet.
B00AZPQV6C Good boots A shade large, but works well with thick socks. The laces are a bit too long,  waterproof yet to be determined.
B00B7FJV8O The hubster loves them! I chose a 5-star rating for this product because my husband loved them.  He works outside all day and they kept his feet warmer than his steel toe boots when he wore them with his wool blend socks.  Not sure how they would be without wool socks as he hasn't tried them yet.  He also said they are super comfortable for a work boot.
B00B7H74CC Comfy, cute nursing shoes As I write this review, I am wearing the shoes for my second shift since getting them. They fit slightly larger than expected, but with thick socks, they fit perfectly. They're already a little scuffed just from walking around, but are incredibly comfortable and I have gotten several compliments on them. Overall I would recommend them for nurses!
B00B9PADZM Great Boots! These are great boots! Very comfortable. I noticed that if you wear normal thickness socks that it may feel a lil too big, but when you put the boot socks on that are thicker, it fits like a glove and makes them even more comfortable! They are also very comfortable for walking around and does not cause your legs to get tired much just because there boots.
B00B9PM53U 1/2 size large I typically wear either a 10 1/2 or 11 shoe, depending on the manufacturer.  Assuming I would wear these boots with thick winter socks, I ordered the 11.  Unfortunately, even with two pair of socks, there was too much play.  Returned and hope to order 1/2 size smaller when available.Did not own long enough to comment on build quality, but looked great -- just as pictured.
B00B9PM53U Good, Warm, But... It fit just a little big but that is no issue, this product looked a little worn when I received it there were scratches and creases all around on these pairs, weren't completely new. Also after wearing for one day my feet's hurt and some parts were discolored it maybe because of the socks, but I had little cuts that ached a bit hope my feet's get used to these. Wear comfortable soft socks oter than that no other complaints.
B00B9PM53U So Far So Good I bought the boot in size 11 (my actual size) and it fits really good with enough room to either double up on socks or wear thick thermal socks.  My feet stayed dry and warm while cleaning out my car and playing outside in the snow with my daughter.Soft enough to wear out of the box - didn't need to break them in.
B00B9PM56C Nice boot, waaay tooo tight I wear a 10.5 in most shoes and boots.  I saw some prior reviews stating these boots ran small, and some stating they ran large.  So I stuck with my standard 10.5.I have average to slightly narrow feet.These boots are the perfect length.They are very very tight in the width. Very tight.  To the point of being uncomfortably so. I tried them on with my normal somewhat cushioned gym socks and they were too tight to wear.  I tried them with a thin pair of dress socks and they were tolerable, but still quite tight.  I am going to return them, but I can't exchange since the length is actually correct. If I go bigger the boot won't fit correctly.
B00B9PMQE8 Little large, but expecting to wear thick socks Yes, they are a little large, but they are REALLY comfortable, very watertight, and man do they keep me warm.  My job expects me to look presentable year round in outside and inside.  These really work well for me.
B00BB7BX66 Very comfortable I usually wear an 11 in most brands but ordered a 10.5 based on other's comments. These fit perfectly and are comfortable straight out of the box with just enough toe room to wear thick socks if needed.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots but snug fit Only chose a 3 star rating because of the fit.  It was snug across the instep.  Will need to exchange for a larger size, if they are still available online, to wear with thick socks.  Otherwise, the boots are great.
B00BCJV7H8 I like this boots a lot !!! I love this boots, are beautiful.I bought a half-size larger and they fit well with space for socks. I haven't used yet but i can't wait for winter begins.
B00BCJV7H8 Favorite Snow Boot I loved this boot from the moment I opened the box.  Only thing is that I expected it to be a little warmer inside and it fit too snug for thick socks.  But that wasn't a major problem at all.  They have excellent traction are very comfortable to wear.  The sole is good and sturdy.
B00BCJV7H8 Love them!!!!! Fits perfectly, have room to wear thick socks, warm, casual, fashionable, comfortable...thus far no complaints, very happy with my new boots
B00BCJV7H8 Finally figured it out After a trail and error period, I finally figured out what the best way was (for me any way) to wear the boots and I hope maybe it will help others. I untied the laces loosed them all the way down to the toe, yet still a snug enough fit to slip them on and off. I don't wear socks with them at all (the insert comes out to wash), and have enough room to keep my foot moving inside them so the heat with generate. The first time I wore them with big thick socks and laced them up, needless to say I had to take them and my socks off and put my feet on the heater in the truck to get the feeling back in my feet again. So if you are having that kind of issue try with out socks and not laced so tightly. Love the boots so cute and warm!
B00BCJV7H8 fits comfortably with extra room for thick socks The boot fits with enough room for thicker socks.  I love the laces because I was able to fold my two layers of sweat pants and wide bottomed jeans into them and they were still comfortable.
B00BCJV7H8 awesome boot I needed an all-weather boot for living in the remote corners of the PNW. These are excellent boots, and live up to the brand's reputation. My only suggestion: if you plan to wear thicker socks, order a half size up. And wear real boot socks, because those athletic ankle-socks will slip off your heel and disappear into your boot when you're in the middle of a two hour drive into town. These are very sturdy and I hope my grandchildren can inherit them.
B00BCJV7H8 great fit and my favorite boot of the season! I went with what other users said with the 1/2 size up option and I am happy that I did. I can wear thick socks and feel very comfortable in the boots. They are very stylish and work well in cold and snowy conditions. I must say I am beyond happy!!
B00BCJV7H8 Love them They fit as I expected with normal socks.  If I was wearing thicker socks, I would have ordered a 1/2 size larger.  They are comfy & I love wearing them.  I get compliments on them all the time. Well worth the money.
B00BCJV7H8 timberland boots I took everyones suggestions and went one half size larger, than I normally wear. Good thing I did. They are narrow and a tad smaller in length. With normal calf length socks, they fit snug, but comfortable. I like them, but have only wore them once, when I went grocery shopping. They are made well, and will take a little breaking in. Would not wear them without socks, as they rub a bit, on the ankle bones.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots, buy a half size up. I usually fit into an 8.5 women's shoe, and that's what I ordered the first time around. That turned out to be way too tight, so I ordered a 9 and they fit perfectly, with enough room for thick socks. They look great and feel very warm!
B00BCJV7H8 Decent choice Like everyone else said, tight in the toe area, hard to wear with warm socks. Otherwise comfortable and easy to take on and off. The top holes for the laces hold them in place so you don't have to tie them if you get lazy, just tuck them in instead.
B00BCJV7J6 Nice Boots I really liked these boots, I was looking for something of a cross between a hiking boot and a snow boot, it really hit the mark.Great traction, nice arch support and lightweight.  One thing I would complain about though is that they did not keep my feet very warm with normal athletic socks.  I ordered my exact size but wish I went a half size bigger, with the wool socks, they were snug and kind of uncomfortable,
B00BCJVBCY Good boots! These boots are super cute! I really like them. They're somewhat too big with regular socks on. If you're wearing thick wool socks, sizing would be perfect.
B00BCJW35I Size is true I would not purchase again.  The look is good but the tongue edge rubs my ankle and is painful.  Thick socks help.
B00BCJW35I Great Boot! These boots are as good looking as pictured. Color and style are true to the pic. I always buy my boots a half size bigger to wear thick socks with. These fit just as I hoped.
B00BCJXLHW Best boot investment This is the best investment in a pair of boots I have made.  When I bought these I was looking mostly for function but wanted something fashionable too.  These are both.  This past weekend I went for a hike through the woods in the snow and really got to test them for the first time.  My feet stayed completely warm and dry, and they are super duper comfy!!  If you are looking for that perfect rainy, muddy, snowy weather boot, look no further.I also usually wear a 6.5 shoe size but I sized up and ordered the 7's because I wanted room for thick socks.  They fit great with both thick socks and regular socks!
B00BCJXLHW Love them! I was looking for some practical boots for the wintertime.. and these are great!I ordered a 7 and they fit well but just keep in mind that even when I wear my thick, fuzzy socks, there is still a little bit of foot room left. These boots are meant to fit a little large so if you are looking for a boot that fits very snug, I would recommend ordering half a size down.Received many compliments-from boys and girls alike.The fleece lining definitely helps keep warm. These look significantly different from the men's timberland boots just because the top fits more like a lace-up boot (reminds me of doc martens) but its a definite plus because it prevents from any wind coming in and adds a more feminine and polished touch. People have asked me.. &#34;Wow are those timbs?&#34; because they look so much more polished. Very comfortable boots, haven't worn them folded down just because I love the way they look in their natural state. Have paired them only with leggings and have tried wearing both high socks and ankle socks.. the fleece reinforces the comfort and warmth so it can be said they work like a sock too.Overall, very cute boot for the winter time. Comfortable and different!
B00BCJXLHW Really Nice I love these!  They fit nicely and are very warm.  You need to loosen the laces to get them on easily.  The sole is very thick and I can tell these will last for much longer than 1 season, unlike trendier boots I had been purchasing.  They are a little on the longer side, but I don't want to risk sizing down, and I'm sure with thick socks it will be fine.  The color is perfect and the leather is good quality.  Very happy with my purchase.
B00C54FEG4 Best Ever Fit I have size 14 feet (or shoes, if you prefer) and getting low quarter socks that fit well has been nearly impossible.I use these to lift weights, cross train, cycle and run. I work out about 9 hours per month.I have donated allof the new socks sitting in my fit drawer and have replaced them all with these socks.So rare to find something that works exactly as expected.
B00C54FEG4 Sweaty, no breathability compared to other socks - skin is pealing Usually I buy cheaper made in Canada or made in the USA socks, but I thought I'd try some higher price made in China Timberlands. I had too much trust, and bought 8 pairs or these and 8 pairs of the full trail socks. These have no breathability compared to other cheaper socks. They are very comfortable and look really cool, but after wearing for a week at work, the insides of my toes are beginning to peal a lot of skin due to always being wet. I am very disappointed, considering I thought these big name socks would be better. Do yourself a favour and get Stanfields, a lower cost made in North America alternative. I don't know why we shell out big bucks for this made in China stuff, just so Timberland can make millions on subpar products.
B00C54FEG4 Perfect great workout sock,  does not let feet get hot.  piggys in love and want to order more  - loosing socks to honey after they made her feet jump or joy
B00C54FH3O Great socks While visiting my son he told me about these socks, said they are very comfortable.  I bought several pair for my husband and he agrees.
B00C54FI38 Comfortable I found these socks when I was traveling in Maine, liked them and found them on Amazon and ordered more
B00C54FRBG Another quality Timberland product. As the weather gets colder these are the socks you need.  If your feet are warm - so is your heart.  These are very comfortable socks - you won't need slippers.  They hold up exceptionally well.
B00C54FRBG Perfect My guy is choosey abt his socks so when he wanted Timbaland socks I came to Amazon...he was skeptical abt them being the "real thing" but when he got them he was very impressed tht they were in fact the real deal and tht they were exactly wht he was wanting! Great Socks for an even greater price
B00C54FRBG Best socks in the world I got these for my husband, but I steal them from him all the time!  They are the most comfortable socks in the world.  We both love them.
B00C54FRBG So comfortable -- best socks in the drawer I wouldn't have guessed I would be reviewing SOCKS, as this subject gets about as much attention as Pat Benetar's choice of fabric softener.  However, these are simply wonderful.  They breathe easily, are unbelievably soft without being overly padded, and keep my tootsies cool in mid-summer.  My feet are typically hot so easy-breathing socks are vital for me.  I'm hopeful they will likewise insulate in the winter, and if they do, I will be ordering more!  Thanks, Timberland!
B00C54FRBG Timberland Men's 4 Pack Basic Crew Sock These socks are for my particular husband. He must have gray and the socks must be a blend. Fit is good, comfy material.First wash they look great
B00C54FRBG Excellent socks I have worn these socks for some year and for the money they are hard to beat.
B00C54FRBG Thin material for crew socks I was expecting a more durable crew sock. The material can easily snag. One sock was snagged on the plastic staple when trying to remove it. If you are wanting an athletic type of sock, this isn't it.
B00C54FRBG It's ok... but not for athletic socks. I bought these for my husband which likes to play lots of basketball. He said the socks are somewhat slippery inside the shoe which could cause an injury in sports. But for regular use he wears them occasionally.
B00C54FRBG Versatile socks I'm not going to get super excited - these are plain socks after all - but I really like these.  I'm not into the super thin, dress socks, so finding something thicker that can still go with gray slacks is nice.  Could also go with something more casual when gray will still work.
B00C54FRBG Decent socks The socks are warm and feel sturdy.  I'm not a fan of labels and don't need to see &#34;Timberland&#34; staring up at me from my toes.  That presentation isn't too loud and seems to diminish with washing.  Also, I'd have preferred a solid color.  I'd given up trying to find plain dark grey crew socks when I tried these.  (Then, I found my exact target at Old Navy.)
B00C54FSDS Great socks Second Pair I order! The color is a nice neutral gray. The socks fit me great and are very comfortable. I am a size 10.
B00E3L9ZRQ Really solid socks I love these socks.  I blow through the toes of most socks after a few wearings.  The Timberlands are super durable and comfy.
B00E3L9ZRQ A very nice sock! These socks are very nice.first off they are a thinner sock than i normally wear as boot socks. not thinner as in cheap but thinner as in more compact. they are made of a cool-dry blend which i have come to like and have all but replaced my cotton blend socks,. they are very supportive on your foot, not loose, they stay up on your calf very well and are very comfortable just kicking around the house. also they are great to wear with athletic shoes as well. what you will notice is that your feet will not sweat and get wet while wearing these socks and will also dry very quickly.i have not worn these in cold weather yet so can not vouch for how warm they will be. all in all a great sock.
B00E3L9ZRQ Good Socks My feet seem to be less hot in these socks than some others.  This day and age, it should be easy to find socks that keep your feet cool.  These do a decent job.  Keep in mind, the shoe type makes a huge difference here as well.
B00E3LA0TI My favorite brand - too snug, though I have had Timberland socks for a few years now and like both the material and the low quarter fit. Felt with this last purchase that the one-size product was a little tight.
B00E3LA0TI great socks They have arch support that feels good. The socks washed well too.I will get more in white  or black.
B00E3LA0TI Thick socks The quality on Timberland socks is always great and these are up to the standards we are used to. They were a little thicker than expected, so not great for a hot summer work day outside. I think these will be great in the winter though and they seem like a quality sock that will hold up well.
B00E3LA0TI Way too tight. I usually wear the Timberland trail runner socks... which always fit perfectly.  I decided to try the Pro ones and I can barely get them on.  I ordered the right size and don't have large feet by any means ... but they're way too tight around the ankle and the arch..
B00E5TU5AM Only socks my son in law will wear. Only socks my son in law will wear.  He swears by these socks.  I wish we could find them locally.
B00E5TU5AM AMZGING! These are, without a doubt, the most comfortable socks I've ever put on my feet!  The fit is perfect...snug & the heel is where is should be, not 2" up the back of my ankle.  I have literally purged my entire sock drawer & replaced every pair I own with these socks.  NOW, If I can just keep my son from stealing them!  ;-)
B00E5TU5AM Not what they used to be. I purchased a set of these socks a couple years ago and for the price they were the comfiest socks I have ever owned. Fast forward to now, those socks were starting to wear thin and were in need of replacing so I wanted to order the same set of socks. From what I have seen in other reviews the socks are now made in a different country and boy does it show. They are made of a much thinner material and the socks are far more constrictive then they were previously. Save your money and buy else where, it's a real shame that Timberland dropped the ball on these socks.
B00E5TU5AM I have other timberland brand socks that I love so I bought these I have other timberland brand socks that I love so I bought these.  They are very comfortable and fit well.
B00E7M4W2Y Not just winter socks. I love wearing these socks. They fit well, feel very good and look good. For me a step up from the white or black cotton 'wear around the house' socks. After the first pair, went back for several more. Bought one pair from each company based upon Amazon Prime. Find that the Timberland brand is the best all around by far.
B00E7MMQDG Perfect It's hard to find comfortable socks that last awhile. These are the most comfortable casual socks that I've found, and I'm here to buy another pair.
B00E7MMQDG The best sock brand we have found! My husband works on his feet on concrete everyday and socks are very important to keep his feet from hurting and getting tired.  We have tried so many brands of socks and so far these are his favorite!  He loves the support they provide and they last longer than others we tried.  Highly recommend!
B00E7MMQDG Quality Product Nice comfortable socks for a reasonable price. Actually wanted the black socks, but for some reason those cost twice as much (literally twice as much) that's why 4 instead of 5 stars.
B00EALSYY4 Very cool clogs! I love these! Very comfortable. Toes have some wiggle room and I can wear them with socks and still have wiggle room.Beautiful color & pattern......just my style!Highly recommended!
B00ENZQ2X2 Comfortable but you need socks I got this about 2 weeks ago.  They are comfortable but if you do a lot of walking like me, you need to wear socks.
B00H46N3TI Great socks! Great socks! They stay put and give the exact look and feel I was hoping for.
B00H46N3TI Holes in socks too soon! Socks fit well and didn't slip as advertised but there were big holes in them in less than two weeks of wearing them. I think I'm that time my husband had worn them only 3-4 times each. He didn't wear them with out shoes or was particularly hard on them. Disappointed they wore out so quickly!
B00H46N3TI Great socks! Perfect for deck shoes! I wore them all day and they didn't slip off. I would definitely recommend them to everyone.
B00H46N3TI Stays in place! I have had other boat shoe socks and with the first 5 minutes of walking they would pop off my heels.  Even the Sperry brand socks wouldn't stay on.  I bought these because of the other positive reviews and they were spot on.  These don't budge all day!  Super comfortable.  I don't even feel like I'm wearing socks.  These are the only boat shoe socks I will ever wear now.
B00H46N3TI These socks are great. The first time I wore them with some ... These socks are great. The first time I wore them with some suede bucks and was walking around all day. I wore them for a solid 8 hours and never had them slip off my heal. Same when I wore them with my boat shoes.
B00H46N3TI review of fit only I haven't had too much time to wear/wash these socks, but I did want to leave a comment on the size.  I wear a 13 wide in Sperry's and these socks are just a hair smaller than i would like them to be.  They are listed as a size 9-12 shoe and that seems accurate.  If you have larger feet, I would suggest a different product.  I've had good luck with Famous Footwear's house brand sock liner.
B00H46N3TI Great idea, great fit I had been looking for a shoeliner for my deck shoes that didn't show and would keep my feet from sweating and smelling. All others were more like socks and very expensive. These fit the bill and are east to wash.
B00H46N3TI I'm gonna buy another pair. Perfect boat shoe socks. They stay in place with the heel grip. I'm gonna buy another pair of these socks.
B00H46N3TI Great The best socks for hiding the sock line, stays put, and doesn't slide off because of the (silicone or rubber?) inserts in the heel and the bottom of the sock.
B00H46N3TI great no show These truly are no show socks. Wish there were more styles
B00H46N3TI Better than bare foot I had been wearing some shoes without socks until I found liners. These have a rubbery backing on the inside of the sock heel to help prevent them from slipping off.
B00H46N3TI Best no show / loafer socks After several years of trying many different brands, I've finally found the perfect no show socks! I've been trying to find a pair of socks to wear with loafers, boat shows, etc., that can do two things: (1) not show at all, even with low coat loafers, and (2) not slip off my heel. I've tried several different brands. I can't recall all of them, but the following will not stay on your feet: Mocc Socks (MS&Co.;), Ninja Sox, Falke. J. Crew makes some that will stay on your feet, but they show some when wearing most of my shoes. Please, skip all of these useless brands. These Timberland socks are very low cut (they do not show at all!) and I have yet to have them even begin to slip off my heel. I will be purchasing several of these and getting rid of all of my others.These socks are fairly thin, but I like them this way. For instance, the Ninja Sox I have have a terry cloth bottom that is quite thick. It's warm and makes my feet sweaty. However, these socks are perfect for summer. Nice and cool.Also, I wear a size 10.5 in most dress shoes (Alden, Rancourt, Allen Edmonds, etc.) Typically wear an 11 in most running shoes. These socks fit me just fine.
B00H46N3TI Better than Sperry and Journey's I wear a size 10.5 shoe and the socks fit great! They're actually the only no show socks that stay on my feet and aren't constantly slipping off. The rubber Timberland seal that's stand on the bottom of the foot may have something to do with the non-slip quality of the sock. Bottom line: best no show socks on the market.
B00H46N3TI Great deal However, 4 stars because they totally do not advertise the huge and unsightly logo on the bottom of the socks.
B00H46N3TI What nobody is telling you about these socks I cannot understand why the manufacturer in the description nor any reviewer has yet to name the best feature of these socks - I saw one reviewer had mentioned the rubber seal on the bottom of the sock.. that's all fine and good, but I imagine most other people are like me when using a slim sock such as this in that it is the back outside of the sock heel that is constantly in friction with the back inside of the shoe that is slipping off and bunching up under the heel - NOT on these babies.  Timberland has put a silicone insert into the inside back of these socks that keeps them absolutely locked on your feet until you are ready to take them off.  These stay out of sight letting your ankles be on display for the world to behold without going anywhere until you want them to.  I cannot recommend this product strongly enough, I am extremely satisfied with both the quality and performance of this product!
B00H46N3TI Great for Boat Shoes! These socks have gone through the wash several times and still fit well.  The rubbery patch on the heel is still sticky and they continue to stay in place even while walking in them for a while.  Worth the buy if you are looking to show some ankle but prefer to wear a sock.
B00H46N3TI Ok socks I have tried a few different styles and brands of the no-show socks&#8212;these were by far the lowest cut. I would argue that they are too low. Perhaps you have a particular shoe that you need super low cut socks&#8212;then these might be what you are looking for. In my experience some of the other slightly less low cut socks work just fine (still completely invisible) on loafers, boat shoes, low cut sneakers, etc. These don't stay on my feet very well. So I'm not sure what exactly you gain by this extremely low cut type.The quality is pretty good though. They do have a decent amount of the no-slip stuff on the heel. They just didn't work well for me. I wear 12.5 - 13 shoe though.
B00H46N3TI Hidden From View Still can,t get used to going sockless and the low socks I've been wearing look silly.  The low profile of these socks fit right to the edge of my Sperry Deck Shoes and the no slip feature of the heel works great. The sock has yet to fall down and bunch up under the heel.  I bought the Beige color in case if any of the sock did show it would'nt stand out like the black or white socks do.  Very Happy!
B00H46N3TI Better than some I bought these because my son needed socks he could wear with his boat shoes that would stay on his feet.  He said these slip off his heel several times a day.  The shipping was fast though.
B00H46N3TI Finally a sock I can wear with my sperrys I have never even looked for socks to wear with my Sperrys, so I have worn them bear foot when wearing shorts. These socks have revolutionized my experience. They have some grip on the heel that keeps them from sliding down your heel. So far it has proved quite effective. My friend loved them too. He stole a pair from me. Not sure of longevity at this point, but I'd definitely buy another pair.
