B000073TM3 WORTH BUYING THE SHOES WERE DELIVERED SO MUCH EARLIER THAN THE EXPECTED DATE.  GREAT JOB!  MY SON LOVES IT SO MUCH FOR THE COMFORTNESS AND SHOWING OFF HIS BOOTS TO EVERYONE HE KNOWS.  NO REGRETS AT ALL AND WORTH BUYING!
B000073TM3 great little man boots The boots fit perfectly and my son and I both love them.  They seem to be of good quality and should last well past the time he grows out of them.
B000073TM3 Great boot! This is a great boot and my son loved it.  We live in Hawaii and went home for Thanksgiving to Idaho.  Since my son had never worn boots like this we were concerned he wouldn't do well with them.  But he really loved them and they survived two weeks in the rain and snow of Washington and Idaho.  And they looked great on him!  I definitely recommend them.
B000073TM3 Comfortable My son loves these shoes. He wants to show them to everyone. Thank you so much for a very durable shoe.
B000073TM3 Great wear I was worried this shoe would be hefty but it is very light in weight. Love it for my son.
B000073TM3 Nice Tims!!! Quick shipping. Perfect fit! My son wears them to school everyday and wears them for PE also. Great purchase for my son :)
B00009WM7J My son loves them! My 11 yr old son loves them! He wore them on an overnight trip for school- they were warm, dry and comfortable. A good purchase.
B00009WM7J Happy customer Very nice, I bought it for my 11 years son.He loves it and enjoy wearing it, specially in this cold and snowy weather
B00009WM7J My son loves these boots! I bought these boots for my son, he is going on a camping trip at the end of Jan. He needed a boot that would keep him both dry and warm. He love's them!
B00009WM7J Great boot My son wears these boots he had them for like two months and they still look new and the price was great saved lots of money
B00009WM7J boots These boots look very nice.  The problem with them is they are made really big.  I bought the size my son wears in other shoes, but these boots turned out to be quite larger than he needed.  They make his feet look huge.
B00009WM7J nice quality boot Really happy with the quality of these sturdy kids work-boots with soft uppers and sturdy build, my son just loves them, and I was really pleased too, fast ship too!
B00009WM7J Great Boots. Great boot at a reasonable price. My son was very happy to recieve them so quickly. Hoping they last longer than the ones we bought last year and so far they are standing up to the beating a kid can put on them.
B00009WM7J My Son Loves His Boots Got these for Christmas for my 7 Year Old. They were a GREAT price! He's happy and so am I.
B00009WM7J Great Shoe - buy it every year for my son! This is simply an amazing boot.  It's sturdy, warm, waterproof.  My son even wears it in the summer for camp and then continues to wear it as a winter boot.  The Timberland 6-inch Premium Waterproof boot is simply the best boot out there for camping and for winter weather.  I've been buying a pair for my son each year.  It simply works and the quality is excellent.
B00009WM7J Great "work" boot for kids My 6 yr old son really loves these boots and wants to wear them every day.  He wanted "work" boots so he could be like his Daddy.  Previously he had a pair of boots with a manmade upper and those did not last too long.  He is very hard on footwear, but so far these seem to be holding up well.  He even wears them to school on days he doesn't have gym.
B00009WM7J Great "work" boot for kids The product was brand new, everything was like described, they are really looking good and are warm as well, the perfect winter shoe. My son loved theses shoes.
B00009WM7J Very sweet My son loves these boots.  They fit great and are exactly what he wanted.His brother will probably get a pair as well.
B0000AFSX4 Bought these as a birthday present. I bought these boots as a present for my son's fifth birthday. He had been asking for boots just like his daddy. The quality is great. Kids love these boots and they go with almost anything.
B0000AFSX4 Great shoe Timberland products never disappoint.  Good looking, solid boots. My 5y/o son loves them.... looks good with his uniform. Very pleased.
B0000AFSX4 my son loves it! As soon as my son put it on he instantly loved it! Looks really good one. They run slightly bigger but not a big deal. Still happy with this purchase.
B0000AFSX4 Very good product My son and daughter love their timberland boots I also purchase a pair for my lil nephew he loves his tims as well.
B0000AFSX4 my son loves them they are great and my son loves them, didnt even want to take them off. gotta put in different laces tho, the ones that came with it are a bit short and dont seem like they would last more than a month or 2.
B0000AFSX4 Great classic boot! This boot is very classic and stylish. My four year old son loves his boots and it matches all of his wardrobe.
B0000AFSX4 great product I like the way they lookc and fits great would definitely recommend them . my 5 year old son loves them
B0000AFSX4 My son is happy! Son said they're very comfortable, he likes it a lot and would like to get a new pair next year.
B0000AFSX4 timberland shoes THE SHOES IS WONDERFUL AS IT LOOKS MY SON LOVES IT AND I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO BUY MORE AND RECOMMEND OTHER FRIENDS TO SHOP AT AMAZON THE BEST STORE IN THE WORLD
B0000AFSX4 Great Everything was great perfect for my son. Shipping came fast and quality of the shoe was great! They was a half size to big but thats ok give my son time to grow in them. For perfect fit purchase a half size down.
B0000AFSX4 kids boots My 5 year old son loved these boots and wears them constantly since receiving them for Christmas. They were priced below area stores and arrived within a few days of ordering online.  The fit is true to description and they are very well-made.  I recommend them to others.
B0000AFSX4 Great boots! My 3 year old son loves his new Timberland boots.  They are well made and comfortable and my son loves having boots that look like Dad's.
B0000AFSX4 Nice!!! I luv the boots... They fit my son just the way I want them too. Thinking about getting my oldest son a pair too and my daughter.
B0000AFSX4 LOVE THEM !!!! I just ordered these boots for my son and LOVE THEM !  These boots are good quality, rough and tough boots - perfect for the boys.  I was told that these boots ran big, so even though my son wears a size 5, I ordered him a 5 and they fit perfect.
B0000AFSX4 They were OK I bought these boots for the snow and I oticed a few other kids have them. When they arrived they were kind of an ashy black which i really didn't like , although my son fits into them perfectly
B0000AFSX4 Loves them The boots Came on time and My son loves them. Can't wait for him to wear them. The process was easy
B0000AFSYY love them Fits good and my son loves them! The boots make him look like a big boy and can be worn with anything.
B0000AFSYY My son loves these boots! My eight year old received these for Christmas and wears them constantly.  They are durable, comfortable and look great!  I did order them in his actual size and found them to be roomy, but with a heavy sock it's fine.  He absolutely adores them!
B0000AFSYY Fantastic quality, great price Timberland is a great brand.  Time will tell if they hold up, but my son loves them.  He has wide feet so it's always a journey to find good shoes.
B0000AFSYY I love it! My son loved theses shoes when he recieved them for christmas. They looked exactly like the picture above they are authentic Timberlands.
B0000AFSYY I love butters Great boots for children and to keep their feet warm doing the winter months.I love Timberland boots for my son because they're quality made and durable.Amazon is the cheapest place to get these boots for my son.
B0000AFSYY Great Buy!!! Great low price for high quality!!!!My son loves these boots, they fit him comfortablyI would definitely recommend these boots to anyoneand I will be buying more in the future
B0000AFSYY love the way they look Great fit for my son and he loves the way they look on his feet. Looks great with all his outfits
B0000C63H6 mens boots These Tims are fantastic.  My son is a college student and these boots are comfortable and durable.  He loves them.
B0002RDYMC Awesome! Excellent product very fast shipping! Boots fit perfect, my son loves them especially with the rain coming soon.  I bought some my self as well.
B0002RDYMC GREAT BOOTS! these boots fit my son perfectly! and they was shipped out and delivered to me fast! they are made very well and will last my son for a long time!
B0002RDYMC Awesome For $37 you couldn't beat the price, and the shoe fits and looks great. My son loves them and can't wait til school starts to wear them.
B0002RDYMC Love it I bought this for my 12 yr old son. He loves it. Comfy and fits great. Great for winter wear.
B0002RDYMC my son's new favourite boots When my son saw it he said wow! I love my new boots, he tried it on and he said they were comfy and if he's pleased so am I.
B000AKVBCQ These are the bomb This item was on my son's wish list.He is very active, goes through a pair almost every year and just loves them.What a great deal !
B000B2G1MI nice buy I ordered these for my son he love them so do i.
B000B2G1MI Can't beat quality with style My 10 year old son loves his Timberlands! Looks nice with any outfit and it's so comfy! Very stylish too! Every boy needs to own at least one Timberlands in their lifetime to know what comfort and quality feels like... these boots are sturdy, soft, flexible, rich in color, and great for any outdoor outings. Rain, snow, sleet, rugged outdoors, hiking... Bring it on! Love it!!
B000B2G1MI Great and fast shipping! This boots are amazing my son loves them and they are really comfortable. I will purchase them again next year.
B000B2HQ5O Another great Timberland hiker I have the adult Euro Hikers, and I'm thrilled with the quality and fit. My son couldn't wait to try them out on a hike.
B000B2HQ5O They are perfect! I absolutely recommend these boots for an active toddler boy. My son 2 and half and is a rough kid and these boots definitely stand up to him. He seems to be comfortable in them as well. They were a great buy!
B000B2HQ5O 2nd pair We love these shoes for our son! we like to hike, and be outside, and these are strong and durable. Fit well, lots of support. I just wish he would stop growing so fast so I don't have to replace them as much.
B000BB15ZC nice boots I had bought these forvky son hes love they fit perfect and keep hes feet warm too a great buy
B000BB15ZC oops! wrong size I ordered a 10.5 before my son tried it on. Then I  thought it was too small so I ordered the11.5.  Later when my son tried the 10.5 it fit like a glove, so I had to return the 11.5.  Since they were for my son, he really loves them. As a matter of fact, this is his 2nd pair of the same boot.
B000BB15ZC Fit perfectly Very nice.  The quality is good and it fit perfectly. I  bought another one for my son.I hope he will like it
B000BFIHVS Just right I ordered shoes for my son, he is size 10.5 so I bought a bit bigger, he can wear warm socks with the boots. Item as described, light weight, my son likes them
B000BFIHVS Great Looking Boot I have bought these boots for my Son instead of the usual Euro's.  These boots are lighter weight, water proof and look better made.  I hope my Son loves them as much as Mom and Dad do!
B000BFIHVS Walk in the woods. Bought for my son. He loves them. Seem to be built well,  and fit is great. Would buy another of the same for myself, next time.Happy overall!
B000BFIHVS Good boot for the money Got these for my son and he liked it so much I got it for myself.  It is inexpensive, comfortable, and breathes well while being water resistant.  After a 5 day backpack in the Rockies, my son's boot does have the one side pulling slightly out from sole where the glue failed, so I take out a star for durability.
B000BFIHVS Great boot for a great price and prompt delivery. I bought these boots for my 16 year old son who is very picky about what he wears. My son needed these in a hurry for his first job which is working outdoors in a fairly rugged environment. The boots are very sturdy, well-made, and attractive as well.  I ordered them using my Amazon Prime for an additional $3.99 and received them in less than 24 hours just as promised. I could not believe it since they were shipped from the East coast. I am very happy with this purchase and Amazon Prime.
B000BFIHVS Gave these to my son I liked them so much I bought a pair for my son to wear in his new construction job.  He loves them, high quality, waterproof and warm.
B000BFIHVS One of my son's favorite Christmas gifts My son is not usually into clothes or shoes as gifts.  He prefers electronics like most 16 year olds, but he loved these boots. He says they are comfortable. They look well made and sturdy.
B000BFIHVS Fits well I bought this pair of shoes for my son for winter trail. It fits him well as he needs a wide shoe for his stout feet. This is a perfect buy
B000BFIHVS bought for my 21 year old son We live in mid-coast Maine and our son goes to college in upstate New York.They keep his feet dry and warm.
B000BFIHVS SATISFIED CUSTOMER I chose this rating because the boots were everything I was looking for and my son absolutely love them. I would recommend these boots to all the guys that are looking for dependability and style in a boot. My son and I like everything about this product. Thanks to all.
B000BFIHVS Strongly recommended Bought it for may son. He loved it from the first moment.It fits exactly, it is light, it is comfort, and he told me that the hiking was never better!Strongly recommended!Just bought another pair for my husband (to replace his old Timberland)
B000BFIHVS great boots My son loves these boots.!! He wore them right out of the box in -20 weather for hours and they fit perfect and are very warm.!
B000BFIHVS My son loved the shoes My son used these for a 2 week long hiking trip with the boy scouts. They never hurt his feet and he had no blisters. He had to walk at least 2 miles each day up and down the mountain. Thank you for the great shoes at a great price.
B000BFIHVS didn't fit I got these for my son who wears a 14 M, but he said they were too small.  We sent them back.
B000BFIHVS Excellent boot and for the best price around These replaced the exact old and well used pair.  So glad to have found them again!  Great for walking uneven and messy terrain.  Son uses them at college in winter.  Comfy and functional.
B000BFIHVS TImberland White Ledge # 12135 This is a grate shoe. I bought this shoe with a strong recommendation from my son. He loves them,and has used them for years. This is my first pair, but I am beginning to see why he will not ware another boot.
B000BFIHVS Son loves the boots Son has worn timberland boots for several years.  This one is his favorite so far.  They last with lots of wear and tear.  Worth the money.
B000BFIHVS Son loves them These boots are GREAT... My son had them on the day they arrived. No break in period needed. He loves them and he is pretty picky
B000BFIHVS Boots for a boot man. My son loves these boots and will not wear any others. The dealer sold at a great price that I could afford. Confort is a must for a work boot and these fit great and he is in style. will use this dealer again.
B000BFIHVS Great pair of boots. Fits great and my son loves them. I would recommend them to all. The color was good. I can say he was very happy when he got them.
B000BOFDF2 Great boots Bought these for my 9 year old son who is heavily involved in scouting. He loves them, prefers them over his everyday tennis shoes.
B000BOFDF2 Good shoe order for my son. Looks great! Fit kind of big. Will keep. He can grow into it and wear with socks
B000BOFDF2 My son loves these shoes My son loves the shoes. They fit very well and are very comfortable.So far they are very durable as well.
B000E9ZPJS Comfy My son love these shoes, I have to stop him from wearing them so much, I just wish they came in other colours
B000FX9A5S Great Quallity. Fourth Pair For My Son They Look Good and Wear like iron. These boots last a long time. The pair from 2 years ago is starting to look old and scuffed, the inside inserts are worn out.My son wears these nearly everyday and the sole looks only slightly worn. They are water proof and insulated so I know he is prepared for anything at work.These boots also look good on my son. He is big and sturdy, so are the boots. If he shopped for himself, He'd try to buy cheaper boots but they would never last like these do, or look so good. He looks so much better than he would in cheap flimsy boots.The black color wears better than the brown. I have bought both. The brown looks stained and ratty sooner than this &#34;after dark&#34; black.His oldest pair of these are in the garage covered in mud. He'll wash those up to wear them  doing yard work. He even wore them wading in some muck and they recovered, well, it was some sort of sewer muck during a class field trip,  and they were already old, so they didn't look that great  but a good wash, scrub, and Lysol they are useful but none too pretty.It is hard to throw them away.
B000FX9A5S better than expected Boots turned out to be a bit small, so son-in-law got new boots. Every other aspect of the purchase was perfect. It arrived 4 to 5 days early. Boot were exactly what I was expecting
B000G1Z9XG Awesome My son absolutely loves these boots! Super fast shipping and they are very high qualitiy! I would love a pair for myself!!
B000G23DQK Very happy Great boot, just what my son wanted, he says they are very comfortable. Great price and free shipping. Love that!
B000G23DQK satisfied  son These boots were ordered for my son's birthday, he was very happy with them. He is a very active teen, so the no scuff feature is especially important to him. The boots arrived in perfect condition and on time.
B000G23DQK Perfect for Boston Winter These were for my California son to use at school in Boston. They fit perfectly on his somewhat narrow foot and kept his feet warm and dry now through two winters, this last one being particularly harsh.  We will be buying a pair for my second son, also going off to Boston next year for school.
B000G23DQK VERY PLEASED! I ordered the Timberland's for my son who is serving in the US Navy as a Christmas gift. My son loves them. Has worn them all through the Holidays. Great quality. Would choose them again. Very pleased. Oh, and he likes the rust color.
B000G23DQK Purchase Boots for my son Purchase boots as a birthday gift for my son.  He keep these boots near to look stylish.  No complaints from him in wearing these boots.
B000G23DQK my son loves these Who wouldn't want a pair of Timmies?  As a female, I too have a pair and love them for comfort and warmth.
B000G23DQK Tim's Review My son loves Timberland boots and when we go shopping, he can never get the size that he needs which is 14.  So, I decided to try Amazon to see if they had Timberland's in a size 14 and low and behold they did!  Thank you for making my shopping experience so easy!!!
B000G23DQK Couldn't believe I found such a great find! Bought these boots for my son who is going to college in Northern Michigan - which means very cold and lots of snow.  We couldn't be happier with this purchase.  He has thanked me several times, says his feet stay warm and dry on those long walks across campus.  We knew we wanted this boot and had a hard time finding my son's size in the stores.  We gut such a great deal on Amazon we have become much more frequent Amazon shoppers since this purchase.  Win/win all the way around.
B000G23DQK probably my mistake the boots were beautiful but  I think I ordered them too big my son had a considerable weight loss ,maybe even his feet changed
B000G23DQK Great Boots, Happy Son My son goes to college at University of Maine where there is SNOW, and previously he, would NOT wear boots, until this year.  He asked for these boots specifically. I did my homework, and got the waterproof Timberlands.  I also purchased a size smaller than his usual 12, because other reviews of the boot, said that they run a size bigger.  My son says the boots fit and he is very pleased.  I love Amazon.  I was able to shop, right here in my warm home, and have the boots shipped directly to his college.  Easy breezy.  Done. Happy Mom, happy son, warm feet, warm heart.
B000G23DQK our son loved this boot our son loved this boot and has for many years!  Great price and terrifc servce whe we needed to exchnge fr a different size
B000G23DQK Son loves them! Bought these for my son for christmas and he love them, wheres them every day at college where there is lots of snow
B000G23DQK Very nice boot I bought these for my son for Christmas.  He loves them and says they are just what he expected from the boot.
B000G23DQK Awesome My son really love these boots.  The price was a great bargain.  Express shipping got them there the next business day and my son is away at college which was a plus.
B000G23DQK Great shoe I purchased these for my son and he loves them.  He sized down a half size and they were perfect.
B000G23DQK Happy This is a great boot and my son was the happiest kid on Christmas morning. They fit like they should and were shipped when they were expected. Thank You
B000G23DQK Fantastic boots. Great boots, everything my son expected. Warm, wearable, beautiful and above all we got them for a really good price.
B000G23DQK Don't knock it til you try it! Read the reviews and decided to buy anyway and I'm soo glad I did because they're clean, fit just right and are gorgeous. My son loved it as one of his Christmas gifts!!
B000G23DQK LOVE TIMS GREAT BOOTS CAN TAKE A WEAR AND TEAR AND STILL LOOK GREAT! MY SON LOVES THEM AND WANTS TO WEAR THEM EVERYDAY
B000G23DQK SON LOVES HIS BOOTS MY SON IS VERY PLEASED WITH HIS SELECTION OF THESE BOOTS..THEY ARE COMFORTABLE AND TRULY SCUFFPROOF.. TRUE TO SIZE
B000G23DQK My Son Loved Them My son threw them on as soon as they came. They were quality and he got a size smaller than he regularly wears ( thanks to the advice from prior reviews) and they were perfect.
B000G23DQK Timberland boots My son needed these boots for his EMT class.  They are perfect!  They cannot have steel-toed shoes because of the danger of cutting off toes, so these shoes have really fit the bill!  Very durable for the job but comfortable, too!
B000G23DQK Fabulous and fashionable! I bought these boots over a year ago for my son and he loves them.  They've held up quite well and still look great....even after his brother came home for 3 weeks from college and wore them non-stop.
B000G23DQK boots my son loves this and very comfortable. some boots are hard to decide and how they feel but this one fit nicely and warm too.
B000G23SR4 Timberland Boot Arrived fast.  Bought these boots before for my son in a store. First time buying online.  Saved money by doing so.
B000G23X74 Timberland Fits Great Much better than Sperry. The fit was exceptional and they seem to hold up better. My son really liked the shoes. Too bad they don't come in more colors.
B000G24LJS A wonderful shoe! Timberlands are the best! Great fit and comfort! They are everything they say they are. I plan to order another pair for my son.
B000G24LJS Great Shoes I bought the shoes for my son, it fits well and he loves them. I am so glad I bought them for him.
B000KVA7YI My 22 year old son LOVED THESE!!! Exactly what was pictured and sure made my son happy! Thanks for making such an awesome boot! Great choice for every man!
B000QW02F0 My son's only workboot! Twice a year my son orders these boots because the most comfortable ones he has ever owned.  They hold up well with all the outdoor and construction work he does.  He loves them and never looks at another pair when needs new ones!
B000TK6IMA Nice Sturdy Shoe withstand the "Shoe Terminator" Saying my son is rough on shoes is like saying the Terminator is rough on shopping malls.  We have already been through 3 pairs of school shoes this year, and needed another.  Saw these online, and thought they were a little pricey, but rolled the dice.  I am glad we did, because these shoes are playing "John Connor" to my son's "Terminator".  They are taking the abuse, and standing tall.  The Timberline's are solid, easy to get in an out of, and have managed to hold together. They look good too. Worth twice their price!
B000TK6IMA Son approved!! My son is a sneaker/tennis shoes kid..These pair is not too fancy yet not too casual. He can wear them for church as well to a nice dinner .Very happy mom!!
B000TK6IMA My son' shoes This the third time that Ibought these shoes for my son, he uses their to go to the school and they resist an complete school year.  Great shoes, comfortable, durable, excellent for active boys!
B000TK6IMA perfect fit Fit perfectly my son loves it just as the pair he had  before. Worth the money good quality. Looks just as shown
B000TK6IMA excellent shoe My son wore these to school everyday last year even in the snow and rain. They held up and still looked good. So I reordered a pair the next size up for this year!
B000TK6IMA Very good These were a fair price for boys shoes. They are high quality and my son says they are very comfortable
B000TK6IMA My son has happy feet. It is a great casual shoe for boys. Often times, whenever I buy shoes for my son, he wil not wear them.  He wear these at least once a week.
B000VI8UX0 Great for walking My son walked around NYC for 3 days in these shoes.  Small blister on the back of one heal, but other than that, perfect.
B000VI8UX0 Great shoes for all weather! Timberland makes amazing shoes! I have been buying this brand since my son was 2 and now he's 6! They are tough outdoor shoes and are very comfortable. They don't ever fall apart and my son can wear them whether it is raining or snowing out. They did stretch out enough after being worn a couple of times and are pretty easy to get on and off. My son has a high instep and was able to get them on comfortably.Great shoes for school or dress or both!
B000VI8UX0 Love these shoes This is the third pair I've bought in the last three years.  My son wears them to school every day as part of his uniform.  They hold up well, and he never complains about them hurting his feet.  The only reason I've had to replace them each school year is his feet keep growing!  Fair warning to anyone buying them - they do run a little large for the size.  I order exactly what size my son's foot measures at the beginning of the school year.  They may seem a little snug when first tried on, but they are a leather shoe that stretches out fairly quickly.  Do not buy a 1/2 or full size larger for tehm to grow into, or they will fall off their feet!
B000VI8UX0 Good for school These shoes are required for my son's school uniform. Hopefully they are durable, given how pricey they are. They run true to size.
B000VI8VBG Great Shoe It looks like my son won't be able to break these shoes. I like their quality. Its a shame i bought the wrong size.
B000VI8VBG So cute and my son LOVES them Very well made, great shoes for my little man! His dad likes them so much he wishes they came in his size, and my son wants to wear them ALL the time.  They are adorable and I HIGHLY recommend them!!!
B000VIAOJ8 Good boots Very good boot. My son is so rough with his footwear especially cold weather wear. These shoes stand up to my son. They get an A in my book.
B000VIAOJ8 Excellent Great shoe.  Comes in Wide.  No brainer.  Buy it.  Bought for my son 8 years old.  perfect for camp and hiking
B000VIAOJ8 Great hiker for kids My son loves the boots and they are made for serious trail hiking. Timberland deserves it's geat reputation.
B000VIAOMU Durable These boots were perfect for winter. My son Loved them and they fit great. My son put them on even when he is inside the house.
B000VIAOMU Great shoe for my 4 year old. My son can be tough on shoes, and so far this boot has held up.  I needed something to get him through the fall and spring when there's lots of mud and rain.  He can wear these in the woods when we are 4-wheeling and hiking.
B000VIAOMU Very well made These boots are awesome and should last until my son out grows them as they are very well made.  My son has a black pair and has had them for over a year and they have not worn out yet!  They are very comfortable and fit well!
B000VIDXE6 Boots are perfect I bought these boots for my 11 yr old son who is in boyscouts.  He needed a lighter weight boot for summer hiking with the troop.  These are working out perfectly.  I ordered a size bigger so the boot wouldn't be to tight with hiking socks.  They fit my boy great!!  I will certainly buy these boots again.
B000VIDXE6 My son loves his new hiking boots. I have been a fan of Timberland product for year. Recently, my son and I go hiking a lot. I do see him slips/slide on sandy trails wearing his regular tennis shoes. I bought this pair of boots at only $40. He said it is very comfortable, and he doesn't slips on sandy trails anymore.
B000VIDXE6 Well made great for a cub scout My son is using these boots for scout camp-outs and in place of winter boots.  So far we are still dry.  According to him they are very comfortable.
B000VIDXE6 Great boots Bought for my 10 year old son for a hiking field trip at school. These boots provided great traction, look really good and he says they are comfortable as well. Definitely recommend.
B000VIDXE6 Like the shoes a lot Was sceptical about buying a new pair of shoes for my son's hiking trip. According to my son the boots were very comfortable.
B000VIFYXY My son loves them! My seven year old son absolutely loves these shoes--he thinks they are SO cool and he loves that he can slip them off and on quickly. Why four out of five? I had to exchange them for a MUCH larger size (order one size bigger!) (He generally wears a 1.5 and I had to return for a 2.5 wide!)
B000VW69IY Fantastic looking shoe I got these for my son due to alot of family parties coming up!!  He wore them this past weekend.  I actually heard a few of the guys tell him nice shoes.  My son said they are comfortable and fit well.  The color is great.  Rich looking.  Pretty much would go with everything.  From dressy to casual.
B000VWBAHO Timberland Retro Oxford ...Men's I bought this as a present for my son.  He is very active in school activities and needs to always look professional.  These shoes are great looking for dress and for casual.  A man could go out for work all day and then put some dress slacks on and go out for the evening.  These are great and comfortable to wear.I would rate them a 5* and I would buy Timberland again.
B000VX01V4 The real deal!! Very Nice!! Ordered for my son and he loves them and so do I! Very nicely made shoe and good quality material!
B000VX01V4 Son loves them My son loves the shoes he will wear them for high school good style good value. I will write back once he gives me some more feedback
B000VX03GC Timberline Chocurua Boots are great! I have an old pair that are still great hiker boots. I just purchased a pair for my son. Had to exchange them because I needed a half size smaller for my son's birthday gift. Amazon is great about returning boots if the shoe does not fit right. The new replacement Timberland boots arrived in just 5 days and gave them to my son  just in time for his B Day! The Chocurua Trail boot is a comforatble mid weight hiking boot. We hike both in the mountains and canyons in Colorado and these boots hold up well. For a mid weight hiker boot these are fantastic.
B000VX03GC Great boots Got this for my son and they are still in great shape one year later. He is very picky about shoes but these are very comfortable. Very pleased
B000VX03GC Great looking and light! I bought these for my son and he loved them!  The only thing is that they only lasted one season.
B000VX03GC Lightweight wonder I saw these in a sporting goods store for $99.99; thought I would check Amazon before purchasing for my son, glad I did since I saved $30! They are lightweight and fit him well. He uses them for airsoft battles in the hot Florida sun and maneuvers in them very well. Since he is on the track team in high school and only wears the high dollar shoes I was concerned of what he would think of these, he is very pleased and was excited to receive them. Now I need to buy a pair for my boyfriend since they look so good! If you are wearing them in the cold with thick socks I would recommend a half size larger. My son wears an 8 and I bought an 8 1/2 (since he is still growing) and they fit even with room in the toe area with a thin sock.
B000VX03WQ Great Hiking boot Bought these for my 15 year old son who loves the "outdoors"!  He absolutely loved them, said they were great when he went on a hike.
B000VX04DO Happy Teenager with Timberlaine's!! My son shared that is is a large boot, to look at, but fits comfortable and well! He will be well prepared for the winter and for trekking across college campus!
B000VX04DO Timberland, Always great quality I purchased these boots for my youngest son as a Christmas present.  I bought my first pair of Timberland boots for my oldest son about 15 years ago.  The quality was great then and continues to be great now.  It's great to see that unlike some manufactures, Timberland has not cut corners.Just be aware that Timberland's run just a little larger than some boots.
B000VX04PC My 11 year old son loves these shoes. My son really loves these shoes. We went to a regular shoe store to try them on. They are light in weight. Fits perfectly.
B000VX04PC thank you thank you she love them and on time too  soon I will get news ones for my son thank you
B000VX5FK6 Comfortable shoe! These were bought for my son in college, and he loves them.  Wears them ALL the time in all types of weather!
B000XEH2JA My Son LOVES Them He works in the prison system as a C.O., and says it feels like he's floating on air.  I picked these because they offered wide width.
B000XEH2JA Perfect work boot These were purchased for my son, who is a manager at a warehouse. He is on his feet all day, and needed something comfortable, yet safe around heavy crates, and machinery. He loves these boots. This is the second pair I have ordered from amazon and this company. Repeat customers are the testimony of quality, and value. This is the best price out there for these boots.
B000XEIZ7S Hope they are as durable as they are comfortable. They were a Christmas present for my son. He said they fit him really well and he said they were very confortable.
B000XEJ9V4 Happy I purchased the boots for my son.  He said that they were very comfortable and he, especially, liked the soft-toe feature.
B000XEJ9V4 My Son Loved These Boots! I bought these size 15E boots for my 14 year old son.  That's right only 14.  He loves them.  They fit great and they are a good supportive shoe.  Waterproof and Thinsulate lined.  They are perfect for the New England Weather.  Let's just cross our fingers that he will not outgrow them any time soon:)
B000XEKHOC Son loves these According to my son, these are the best work boots he has ever had, and he has had a few. So I send them every Christmas.
B000XEKHOC Boots Bought these Timberland boots for my son. He said they are comfortable and keeps his feet warm. He loves the non scratch on them
B000XEKHOC Good Work Boot I mainly chose the Pro Men`s 26036 boots because of the hi reviews and price. I purchased these for my son and he tells me they are very comfortable, need very little break in. They also seem to be well built,should last for a long time. My son needed a pair of boots that are rugged,insulated, and water proof. The Timberland`s fill the need. I was a little worried since I have not used this brand before but, my son and I are quite happy with them! They have a very rugged sole that should last forever and the stiching of the outter leather is very good. I believe the Timberland`s are one of best values! I have used many other leading brands and they all were very good work boots,but for considerably more money.
B000XEKIUK Timberland Pro Series is what he wants I bought them for my son for Christmas. I buy them every year for him. He is a construction work and need boots that are sturdy and comfortable. He tells me that the Timberland Pro series is what he wants.
B000XEKIUK Gift for our son... It was great to find these at Amazon. Our son requires such a sturdy, steel-toed boot for his work. The price was exceptionally lower than other retailers both online and in stores. Great job Amazon! Now our son can do a great job at his work!
B000XEKIUK A boot This purchase was for my 14 year old son and he loves them so .... JOY!!! They fit perfectly everywhere but in the back by the ankle where there is some crinkling but no one foot is like another. Arrived on time and packaged well.
B000XEKIUK Timberland PRO They fit wonderfully.  They are the most comfortable boots that my son has ever had.He will probably wear them a lot.
B000XEKIUK Timberlands are great ! my son has to use boots for work so gave him timberlands PRO and he loves them!he said, mom the boots fit me perfectly!
B000XEKIUK Perfect! I bought these boots for my god-son.  He absolutely LOVES them.  They are very well made and sturdy.  They fit perfectly.  Purchasing through Amazon was much cheaper than other stores.  Buy these shoes!
B000XEKK94 Comfy Bought these boots for my son.  He loves them and said they are very comfortable.  Keeps his feet from hurting.
B000XEKK94 great boot for the price Got them for my 15 year old son to use for work. He is very happy with them - look and Fit.
B000XEKK94 Just what he wanted I bought these boots for my son and he loves them. They are comfortable and durable without the weight of steel toed boots.
B000XEKK94 my son loves these boots Bought these boots for my son to wear at college. They keep his feet warm and dry during long walks across a cold, wet, muddy campus.  Also, for some reason, they are considered to be "in style." I recommend these boots.
B000XEKK94 Great value I bought these for my son for Christmas who works driving heavy equipment.  They arrived as promised and he said they are the best work boot he has worn.  He found the size true and the insulation just right, not to warm.
B000XEKK94 GREAT BOOTS! I ordered these for my son and he loves them. He works on his feet all day and told me they feel great!
B000XEKK94 Great Boots Got these boots for my son for Christmas, he loves them! He wear a pretty large size (15) so it is hard to shop for him. I was worried about them being waterproof, but his foot went through the ice the other day, and he just wiped them with a soft cloth and they looked fine.The price was great too!
B000XEKK94 Timberland Pro Men's 65030 Soft Toe Boot My son has purchased work boots from Timberland before and liked them a lot. He usually wears a size fifteen, but takes a 14 in the Timberland line. We knew this from our previous purchase. Nice product, great price and free shipping. Can't beat it. Thanks Amazon.
B000XEKK94 My son loved them! These were an xmas gift for my college age son. I don't think he's taken them off since! Great product!
B000XEKK94 For my son. I gave these boots to my son for Christmas and he loves them.  Timberland boots were also my husbands favorites.
B000XEKK94 boots My son loved the boot will order again and will recommend them to family and friends. thank you very much.
B000XEKK94 Great for college I bought these for my son who goes to a large university. I wanted something rugged, insulated, waterproof, but without steel toes. Steel toes make boots very heavy and since he does a lot of walking on campus, I thought regular toes would be better. My son is very picky about style and these were just the look he wanted. FYI: the leather is not perfectly smooth, it has a slight scuffed appearance, more of a rugged look. Very sturdy; will last a long, long time.
B000XEKK94 Timberland rocks I sent the boots to my son-in-law and he loves them.  Fits great and apparently and is exactly the ones he got before.  He's happy, I'm happy and I now know what to get again when needed.  Sorry I can't speak for their endurance or wear and tear since I'm not using them but by looks alone they appear to be able to withstand a lot of abuse.
B000XEKK94 These boots are made for workin' My son loves his new work boots! Wears them every day .....we needed to do an exchange, and it was fast, easy and accurate, Thank you!
B000XEKK94 Comfy boots! These waterproof boots are very comfortable and warm. They also have great style for my 15 year old son. They hold up very well and are made of great construction.
B000XEKK94 Boots good! Best boots son loves them and wears in real cold climate! Keeps his feet warm and gives him a 2 inch lift! :). Pricey
B000XEKK94 In the family Loved them so much I gave to my son.  He had been searching for a good pair of everyday boots and these fit the bill.
B000XEKK94 Great boots My son has been looking everywhere for these but they were difficult to find in his size 13. Took a chance in ordering on-line and not knowing how they would fit. he loves them and no need to return. excellent shoe.Great price too!!
B000XELF3O Good quality, very comfortable I purchased these for my son, who is taking welding classes at the technical college. Instead of wearing these only for class, he wears them EVERYWHERE.  He says they are as comfortable as athletic shoes. Definitely one of my better purchases.
B000XELF3O awesome I bought these for my son, who goes to an ag school and works on a farm. He love  them, says they fit well and are comfortable. The timberlands we have had in the past have lasted about a year with daily use.
B000XELF3O Exactly what we needed I ordered these boots for my son.  He says they fit well.  They are comfortable.  They are just what he needed!
B000XELF3O Pitboss My son has worn out 3 pairs of these boots, each set lasting more than a year of daily hard use.  He loves the way they fit and feel, keeping his feet comfortable and protected.  What is most pleasing to me is that the fit has not changed in the years we have been buying them, Timberland must be keeping a close watch that specifications being followed.
B000XELF3O Great boots My son needed a good pair of steel toe work boots.  After reading the review we bought this pair.  My son just loves them.  He said that they are comfortanle.
B000XELF3O Great Work Boots I bought these for my son, he is a landscaper and he loves these boot and in this color as they don't show all the muck and dirt he's in all day.  He said the size is spot on.
B000XELF3O Son loves his new boots! My son says these are the most comfortable boots he has ever worn!  They support the foot, fit to size, good padding for comfort, well worth buying.
B000XELF3O My son's favorite work boots My son is a mechanic, and these boots are the most comfortable and last the longest for him. A great product!
B000XELF3O Bought these for my son. My son is an electrician and needed a boot that would give great support, have excellent traction, have that safety steel toe, take A LOT of abuse and wear, and still look good and last A LONG TIME!  This was that boot! I bought a black and a brown pair and between the two pairs of boots, his feet should be happy for quite some time!
B000XELF3O Totally Awesome! These boots are perfect for on-the-job wear. Bought these for my son (at his request) and he just loves them. Can't go wrong with this purchase.
B000XELF3O Excellent Boots Bought these boots for my son, had to have this exact pair, since these are the same pair as he just wore out after several years of wear.  He loves them!  Warm, dry and comfy.
B000XELF3O Son thrilled My son wanted another pair of these but couldn't find them in stores so he was very pleased and surprised when he got these for his birthday.
B000XELF3O Great outdoor boots My son really loves these boots. They are great in all kinds of weather, and he gets alot of use out of them. Also priced reasonably based on other stores prices
B000XELF3O great work boot My son needed a pair in a hurry for his job and these filled the order.  Good looking and functional,
B000XELF3O Christmas present Perfect! Got these for my son for Christmas. Gave them to him last week when I saw the horrible condition of current wok boots. He loves these new work boots, fit is true, very comfortable and he didn't need to break them in
B000XELF3O Son LOVES them! Bought this for my son as a Christmas present since his old boots were falling apart right before my eyes... They were a cheap wally world pair and I'm surprised they lasted as long as they did. My son insisted &#34;HE DID NOT NEED ANOTHER PAIR&#34; of boots! To which I replied..... just wait... and within 2 days of receiving his Christmas gift from Amazon.... Gotta LOVE PRIME! His old boots fell apart, So.. He got his boots as an early Christmas gift and a lovely &#34;I told ya so&#34; from dear old mom! He's worn the boots 2 days in a row to work.... He works at a Meat Plant/Warehouse and he's on his feet a lot. He said they're really comfortable... but he has to adjust to the steal toe... they're much heavier than his cheapy brand... All in all he told me he really likes his new boots and we both hope they wear for a long, long time! My hubby always bought this brand and that's why I got them for him. I also bought another pair without the steal toe for my other son. Yup! He's getting his for Christmas too!I will say this..... I think they run a little big. My son wears a 13/14 shoe size, so I got him the 13's and he told me they were actually roomy... Like a 1/2 size bigger than his foot... So... Just an FYI when you order these boots....
B000XELF3O Love the boots! My son loves the boots, and the service was awesome!  They are just what he needs for his new job!
B000XELF3O MY son LOVES these boots! Love Timberland products, and these boots are proof that a quality product is still possible in the USA! (Hope these aren't made in China, but even if they are, they are still super high quality) Bought these for my teenage son who is very particular about his shoes, and he loves these rugged boots.  Look and feel quality, and he loves them!!
B000XETJU0 Timberline boots It was impossible to find these boot in my son's size anywhere.  He is very pleased with this purchase.They fit perfectly and are comfortable.
B000XETJU0 Son-approved ! My son wore them for hunting and he said they were super comfy. Perfect fit and good buy! Highly recommended !
B000XETJU0 My son loves these boots! I bought these as a gift for my son who is away at college.He said they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.Great price, too.
B000XETJU0 Comfortable ! I bought these boots for my son,wasn't sure about buying boots online. But these are working out great. These boots are  comfortable, durable and waterproof. They have stay dry and holding up really well. It's a great work boots for a man on their feet all day. My son love it and I'm happy with what I purchases! :)
B000XEVLF6 steel toe oxford Bought this for my son in law and loves it. The price was a good bargin to. He said that the fit was perfect and confortable.
B000XEVM50 Purchased for 27 yr. old son. My son loves these shoes.  I noticed that they are lightweight, especially with a steel toe.  He does a lot of yard and paver work.  So far, good purchase.
B000XEXA46 Very happy - they fit and they wear. I bought these boots for my 17 year old son while I was in the US. They came immediately, they fit and they wear well. I would recommend both the boots and the retailer.
B000XF6L7I My Son loves these boots! I bought these for my son based on other reviews.  They fit perfectly he loves the lining, the fit and the styling.  I was concerned, based on other reviews, that he would miss the hooks for the laces at the top of the boot, as it turns out my son prefers eyelets.  He says hooks always break.  I appreciate that the soles don't leave marks on our porcelain tile floors and they don't squeak!  I too like the style, steel toes are a must in construction, but these look ok with dress pants so arguments are avoided.
B000XR2GN4 Son exchanges these. My son does not like the compressed toe in the Timberland PRO Men's Helix 6 Inch WP IN CT Work Boot, so he replaced them with these.
B000XR2GN4 pleased This boot actually looks better of a screen.  I ordered for my 22 yr old son who said he didn't want them because they are ugly. Well when they arrived and he tried them on boy was he singing a different tune lol
B000XXGMRO Quality Boot Bought for my son. He loves them.Great look. High Quality. Great fit. Durable. Work well insnow too. Would definitely recommend.
B000XXGMRO My Son Likes Them I have been buying a pair of these boots per year for my son. He wears a size 13 shoe, but needed a 12M in these.  They are good rugged boots, for the uppers, but my son is a big guy and the soles tend to be heavily worn down within 12 months time. Would like to see the soles be made more heavy duty. I'm not sure if they can be resoled, or what it would cost if they could be.
B000XXGMRO A wardrobe must have I bought these Timberland boots for my 16 year old son as a Christmas gift and he/I absolutely love them. They look great with straight leg or skinny jeans inside the boots or with khaki pants covering the top of the boots. Very versitile and very comfortable per my 16 year old son.
B000XXGMRO Great Boots My son loves these boots and said they are very comfortable and no breaking in required like other shoes and boots.
B000XXGMRO High Quality!! Perfect fit and great style!!love these boots. My son wears them all the time and loves them. Would definitely buy another pair.
B000XXGMRO Pams picks I purchased these for my son while he was in college in Boston.Needless to say one of his favorite gifts...
B000XXGMRO Great Boots: Go Half-Size Down I bought these for my son, and even though he says they are a bit too big, he loves them nonetheless.  I wear a different style Timberland boot at work and they are excellent.
B00110CR1S Great boots! My son loves these.  They fit his feet great!  He has worn them doing anything from ice fishing to summer hiking and his feet are always warm enough.  I couldn't be happier.
B00110CR1S New Hiking Boots My son needs hiking boots for camp and these looked perfect. They fit him good, but he hasn't hiked in them yet. I'll try to update after he gets home. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
B0013KMU3Q Outstanding Value It's October, and my son  needed sandals for a school play.  These shoes are such high quality, I was so happy to get them for such a good price.  My son will have great shoes for next Summer.  I actually purchased a pair for my other son. They also looked so nice on his feet.
B0014EE3N6 timbs I love these boots as these were a birthday gift for my son and these boots brought  a big kid smile to my son and i love it
B0014EE3PE Love these! These are awesome little boots. Extremely durable and comfortable. My son has worn them all winter and loves them. They also look great in black!
B0014EE3PE Timberland boots I bought these boots for my son and he loves them.  They are great for the cold and snowy weather.  I would recommend.
B0014EE3PE Super They are waterprouf and my son adore them , though they are a little  heavy. We both are very happy)
B0016J8KS8 great buy Bought this for my son to wear to school. It is very comfortable as he does not want to wear any other shoes. It seems sturdy and strong.
B0017ZJ3V4 Great Buy My son will not take these off. Have to fight with him to put on other shoes. Are great quality. Am really glad to have purchased these.
B001887QF0 Perfect for the little guy My son loved a similarly styled pair but outgrew them.  When looking for a shoe/boot of this type I was particularly concerned about the stability.  This one by Timberland is fantastic.  Extremely well put together and very stable.  My son loves them.
B0019QZMI4 Cool Tim's...! My son loved them and I did too!  The price was especially nice!!!~ Lil Tee's Mom
B0019R2Z4M great product great value My 5 yr. old and I search for winter boots that both of us would agree on. My son chose this - I was hesitant at first, but when we received it, I was so glad my 5 year old made a wise choice. Its high enough for tough snow in New England, warm and sturdy, and kids love it!
B0019T9GYM Very tough to get on My son wears 4.5 size in all other shoes, but this one I couldn't even get on his foot. It was made very hard and all the pushing in the world couldn't make it even get on his foot. Great style though!
B0019TPP0G Toddler Shoes I am very happy with them, since my son put them on he wanted to wear only them. Very comfortable, recommened.
B001ABOA1S my son loves them These boots are very nice.  My son loves the fact that they can be worn 2 different ways.  Up or down.  He loves theses boots and they are true to size with the fit.  He is happy with them and I am happy he has them!!!
B001B7FP60 Comfy, warm, generously sized These boots look good and feel good, keep you warm and are truly waterproof. I loved the pair I bought at Modells for myself so much that I bought another pair for my son at Amazon. As other reviewers have commented, they do run a little big, but that's perfect for my growing son who has gotten two winters out of them so far.
B001B7FP8I Extreme comfort and warmth! I purchased these boots by Timberland, for my son.  He had a previous pair and loved them!  He states these are the most comfotable and warm boots, that he has ever worn.  They are also great looking!
B001C4CIP8 Work Boots I bought these boots for my son who is on his feet all day and he loves them. He says that they are the most comfortable boots he has ever owned and it feels like walking on clouds.
B001CTGAK2 Good Brought these for my 3mo. old son. They fit well and they don't fall off. He wore them a lot and they're still in great condition.
B001EWFF30 Perfect I ordered these boots for my son.  He normally wears size 11, and these fit perfectly.  He's had them out in the snow, and on hikes, and they are waterproof, and most importantly, comfortable.  He loves them.
B001EWFF30 Timberland Men's  Flume Boot I have purchased this item for my son. The transaction came according to the schedule and the item was in the best condition. These boots are very comfortable and my son is very happy with them. They are warm, no water or snow gets inside and they are very easy to clean. My son wears sports shoes size 8 so I ordered 8,5 for these boots and he is very happy with it. He says there is some extra room inside and I'm happy too as he is only 13 y. and he is still growing so I hope he will wear them for longer time.
B001FXZU92 timberland pro boots bought for my son and he loves his boot he is on his feet all day and his feet dont acke.
B001G842T0 my opinion I bought shoes for herself and her son, I really liked the shoes. At the foot very well and is sitting tight. Skin soft to the touch. The son was pleased, and I'm even more pleased.
B001GAPAJE Stands the test of time! I must say, these are the best shoes if you're looking at putting them on a very active toddler and want them to last.  I bought them for my 2.5 year old son to wear on our camping trip to Yosemite.  It kept his feet completely dry even through rain, snow and various hiking trails.  I did spray them with a coat of scotch guard, just in case!  The thick non-skid sole with the extra rubber flap in the front worked really well for gripping the rocky terrain.  The stretchy laces that you don't have to tie is a nice touch since my son wants to do everything himself and can put them on with minimal help.  I highly recommend them.
B001GAPF3A great boot every school year i buy a pair of this brand boots 4  my son they are strong and durable.  love the wheat colour but bought the brown lovely.next time i will buy the wheat
B001KOQ4EG Durable and comfortable. My son has worn these quite a bit at school. They've held up to his outdoor recess and all the things boys love to do. I recommend for anyone wanting durable, practical  shoes.,
B001L1DBQC Boot performs like the other Timberland PRO Endurance I have The Endurance boots continue to be very comfortable and protect my feet. My son put me on to these about a year ago.
B001PBK87I SO FAR SO GOOD!!! I bought these boots for my son, and he loves them!! He said they fit good and were really comfy.
B001RNONTI Good for school but.. ...my son says they are way too heavy. His feet grow like roots so soon I'll have brand new shoes that wont fit him in a month or two.. :-(
B001SARJXC Best boots ever! I bought these boots for my 18 year old son. The criteria was black, comfortable and leather. I chose Timberland because of the quality and they were advertised as comfortable. They were correct. They fit and feel so good that my son would rather were these than sneakers for his casual outings...couldn't be happier.
B001SARJXC Son in law adores them I bought these for my son-in-law for Christmas.  Last time I saw him, he raved about them endlessly  They are so well made and just right for the kind of job he has.. looking like a boss and going to work sites.  In between dress and work... good blend.
B001UE6UKO Sturdy, but a little hard to break in. I bought these for my son, and although they were perfect for the winter weather, he didn't find them to be as comfortable as we had hoped.  He wore them for a week straight and they still weren't "broken in".
B001UE6XSS Comfortable and practical - extremely pleased I bought these boots for my son - they are exactly the multi-purpose boot that I was looking for.  I'm extremely happy.  He's going to camp and will be horseback riding a little bit but I know he won't like or get any continued use from a cowboy boot or proper riding boot.  The heel is just big enough to be safe for riding - my primary concern.  As a hiking boot, it is very durable and will also be well suited for many weather and ground conditions. Perfect for a kid who loves to scramble through the woods and around on rocks.  My son is very finicky about footwear so I am very happy that he is comfortable wearing them and he thinks they look cool. (we got them in Wheat Nubuck - it looks much better than in the photo).  They seem to fit true to size.
B001UE6XSS Still going strong I bought these in September for my son for school.  He is 7 years old, he wears them everyday except on gym days and they still look great.
B001UE701C MY SON LOVES THIS&#62; OK.. so this was just one of my sons 8th BIrthday presents. when he opened the box he loved this Timberland Boot. The great price made me buy this on Amazon. as it was more expensive else where. Thanks AMAZON!!!!!!!!
B001UE701C Great Boots Bought this pair of boots for my son. It fits him well and he loves it. It is true to size.  But I noticed that after about 2-3 wears the sole started separating from the rest of the shoe.
B001UE701C Timberland Leather and fabric Field Boots This is my son's second pair of Tinberland Field Boots. The only reason I needed to buy a new pair is because his feet grew.They are very well made and hold up well. My son loves his boots and says they are comfortable. Got them for a great price too!
B001UE701C my son loves it The main about purchasing this item was pleasing my son. He does everything with it as long as he loves it I love it. So far it takes the everyday activities nicely and he is comfortable. Great boots
B001VNCKJ4 Very sharp looking My son wears a 13 medium and thought they were large at first, but then he re-laced them a little tighter and say they fit perfectly.
B001VSNA3Y As Expected! These boots arrived on time and in 2 days thanks to amazon Prime! The boots looks good on my 1 yr old son. At the price I paid they were a steal, so when I noticed only 1 pair left in stock I had to jump on it! Thanks again!
B002618DBE Thanks My son is happy, the brand is good and gives me assurance that I will last. I have no more words.
B002ASAKN2 well worth the price  awesome boots. My son bought these boots and loves them they are exactly want they advertised. They are well worth the price.Great quality I will purchase this brand again.My family has purchased other brands of boots  we were very disappointed in them. I would highly recommend the timberland brand .
B002ASAKN2 Ordered for my son. He loves these boots and these are his favorites! These are my son's second pair of these boots.Shopped high and low locally for these boots including a nearby city and were unable to find the correct width and size. Amazon not only had the right size and width but also the BEST PPRICE!My son now wears a size 14 and feels that these are the most comfortable boots he has ever worn. His ankles are protected and his feet feel good after wearing them daily. Thank you!
B002ASANG6 GREAT SHOE I bought these for my son for his birthday. He bought a pair just like them 4 years ago and they held up great.The old ones were really worn out. He is an electrician so he wore them alot. I was worried that since these boots were new and the ones he was used to were really worn, that they would hurt his feet but he put them on and they felt great. He has had them for a week now and loves them. I would recommentd these boots
B002OHEEG8 my son's favorite shoe my three year old son wants to sleep in these shoes.they must be pretty comfortable.  he usually loves to take his shoes off but these he loves to keep on.  i will say they are a bit pricey as far as sandals go but they are very comfortable.They are nice looking too. we purchased the brown and we love them.  the velcro straps are very long so you have a larger range for tightening or adjusting the shoes.very cute..very casual yet look very nice with khakis and a dressey tops.best sandal i have every purchased.
B002OHEEG8 Soft and confortable after trying all kinds of shoes, finally these stayed. We had problems finding a shoe that will not fall off my son's little feet... and we found this very comfortable.
B002OHEEG8 High Quality, Durable, and Cute! The title says it all! I ordered these for my two year old son, who wore them all summer and early fall. These shoes have endured almost daily playtime outside, and held up very well! There are barely any signs of wear on them! These shoes are classic looking, and go with many outfits. I highly recommend them!
B002OHEEG8 Just great It's great for the summer time. My son wears it almost every day and he just began to walk and seems comfortable in it.
B002WJHCVC Good fit and wicks moisture well. Not an everyday sock but they wear well. My son-in-law loves 'em too! Rated them a 4 because they're good socks. You get what you pay for.
B002WJHD20 son loves these socks My son is a sock freak.  he hates things that bunch up and are uncomfortable at the seams. These breathe, they fit correctly.  just what he wanted.
B002XKJXD0 Very pleased My Twelve year old son loves his new boots. Very comfortable and tough at the same time! He has been wearing them nonstop since his birthday and still not a scuff.
B002YOMJPY The Boots We love the boots. I bought a size 15 for my 14 year old son. It's very hard to find good quality shoes for him and they are basically non-existent in the stores. They are waterproof and very comfortable. He's about 6'1&#34;, so comfort is a very, very big deal. I buy him cushioned socks so that his feet stay supported and comfy.....he loves the boots!!!  Just in time for the winter blizzard in Ohio!
B002YOMJPY Good for Winter Weather My son wears these daily to work outdoors pushing carts at the supermarket.  They are standing up well, we purchased the all weather protected salve to keep the salt stains away and so far we are quite pleased with the boots!!
B002YOMJPY Nice looking boots The boots were given by me to my son, who said the first 2 times he wore them, they rubbed blisters on his ankles.
B002YOMJPY Boots fit great My son needed something for the cold weather and we made a good choice. Very comfortable and nice fit and look and we will definitely purchase more items
B002YOMJPY purchased for my son They were purchased for my son, he loves them.he loves the fit as he also loves the look. There shouldn't be a word requirement on this.
B002YOMJPY My son loves them My son really loves Timberland boots,and each time that his foor grows we buy another pair. I believe this is the 5 th one and he loves them.Keep up the good qualityO.M
B002YOMJPY not what he expected. I bought these for my son and he was unsure how they would fit. He thought they would be heavy but he says they are comfortable and not heavy at all
B002YOMJPY Shoe Fits Bought these for my son who has thin average feet so there was no problem with the fit.  I had No complaints from my son.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable Great fit nice look and waterproof. Being used for work the tread is non slip. True to size. My son wears a 14 wide. He is thrilled with them. Especially with the bad weather we have been having. These do all that is expected from a boot. Well made.
B0031EJVU2 GREAT BUY I purchesed this item for my son the boots are very durable and my son said they are very comfortable and we priced this item in line and this was by far the best price I am very pleased with my purchase
B0034G558E Fantastic! When I first strapped these puppies on my own son inquired to the whether or not I was a straight man.
B003A67X5G Great Love them. Should have been stitched all around. Very Comfortable would certainly purchase again especially for my son and would need the brown
B003AZZLCO Great Boots! I bought these boots for my son (age 22) for Christmas and he said they are true to size and are so comfortable. The color looks great too .
B003AZZM3C Boots Timberland mens Earthkeepers City Escape Moc-Toe My son loves them and the fit.....it is a good brand and fit...and the order was here before Christmas Thank you, Kim
B003BLP1AE Love them! Love these boots! My son wore them all summer long and they have held up great. They are waterproof as stated and give great ankle and foot support. They do not tie so getting them on can be a challenge. The bungee has to be loosened down the shoe and the tongue pulled out for ease of getting on. I'm getting my son another pair.
B003BLP1AE Too tight The boots look great and seem to work great for my son. The only problem is they are almost impossible to get on! My son has skinny feet and we work at it for 2 minutes pushing them in. Since they aren't "tie" shoes you can't open them up bigger to get their feet in.
B003BLP2NA awesome boots! My 10 year old son picked these boots out on his own. He loves them, says they fit great, keep his feet warm and look good with everyday clothes. I plan on passing these down to his brothers, they look like they are going to hold up very well and I am pleased to know they are rated for -25 as it does get that cold here.
B003BLPA00 My picky son has finally found boot bliss! My son is very picky about the fit and appearance of his shoes. He loves these....they are are second pair of Timberland boots. Durable, comfy and decent looking. Great value
B003CLGOE0 Very cute shoe My son loves them. He wore them for his PreK graduation, so he felt very special. They are quite versatile. Not too formal, not too casual. He felt very comfy in them. The only reason why I didn't give it a 5 is because the are not washable. Great quality!
B003EV5IGI I love them. I've had these boots for about 2 yrs now and they still look very nice on my 4yr old son.
B003EV5JYO my son loves these boots Great quality and fit.  My son loves these, sometimes to a fault, because his fashion sense has not really kicked in yet...he will wear these with anything!
B003EV5JYO love it I bought this boot for my son, and he loves it. It is very worm and comfortable, very sturdy shoe and the size just right.
B003EV5LR4 good boots Good boots for a wide feet. I tried many other boots for my son and none fit, but these did. My son was happy with these boots, they seemed warm and were easy to put on. Minuses...ours came without insoles! and they are made in China.
B003EYW8EK Durable My son still wears these shoe. If you are looking for a durable pair of shoes these are a definite yes.
B003EYW8EK Tough little dress shoes I bought these for my 3 year old son to wear as dress shoes.I chose these based on reviews as well as the looks.Well they have stood up very well to some very vigorous handling by my son who sometimes wants to wear them at home.They still look good.  No scuffing.They seem very comfortable as he doesn't ask for them to be removed after running around in them for hours.I would definitely buy the brown if I could afford it...actually will buy for when his feet grow a bit if they're still around.Love it and he loves it too.
B003EYW8EK Very durable I bought this shoe for my son to wear to school about a year ago and its still going strong. Its highly recommended.Very durable.
B003EYW8EK Love these shoes My son loves these shoes. they are super comfortable and the laces stay tied. They look great with all his casual outfits.
B003EYW8EK Incredible. Excellent. My son is fascinated; shoes are comfortable and perfect for going toschool. My son always had problems struggling with bad shoes. However, this shoes are great and haven't had a problem ever since.
B003EYW8EK Good product Bought these last year for my son, still going strong, thought they were a harder material, but it was soft. He wears them to school and the occasional outing. Would buy again.
B003EYW8EK Great Shoe! My son wears a uniform to school and needs to wear black shoes. I have a hard time finding a pair than that he doesn't complain about hurting his feet.  This are perfect.  They meet the uniform regulation, come in wide width sizes and are comfortable!  Best of all no complaints!!!
B003EYW9Q2 great shoes A nice school shoes from timberland my 7-year-old son loves it and Y2 fits really good. I would highly recommend this.
B003EYW9TY My son wears them daily My 4 year old loves these. He wears them every day and runs and plays. From bike riding to the woods and have not heard one complaint!
B003NUQWY2 timberland boots My son loved the look and feel of these boots.  He wears size 15 and it fit perfectly on his foot
B003TYIH6S Workhorse Great deal. Well-built work boot perfect for the Pacific Northwest. Would buy again. I will say that my son did mention that these ran a bit big so he purchased insoles/inserts and that fixed the problem and made these already comfortable boots even more so.
B004089UIG Great Shoes! I bought these for my son and he loves them.  They are hard to find in his size and if I find more I will definitely buy another pair.
B00408A37I good strong shoes I would recommend timerland sandals to anyone... my first son had his and when he outgrew it , it was still in great condition..It was made for kids ..the strong quality material ...This shoe was a good strong buy... and my 2 year old son just loves it
B004EHYKH4 great great shoe I had no issues with these, my son loves them. They are very durable. He wore them 2 summers in a row.
B004EHYYWU Not comfortable My son says the sole on these shoes is uncomfortable, they leather is very hard and rubs his feet, he cant wear them.
B004JZPRWS extraordinario estos son de guerra, se utilizan para cualquier ocacion.  los recomiendos, son comodo y dem&aacute;s. son fuerte, tal como dije.
B004K22QM4 loved them Gift for son and he loved them.  Great price and value.  fits great and style is wonderful.  son was happy
B004L32PFU Outstanding! Bought these for my son who's in college in upstate New York. He wears them all the time and loves them alot! He would never wear them all the time if they were not comfortable. So happy that his feet are comfortable and warm.
B004MPRJ4O Love these shoes! Well made. Loved them so much for my 2 year old that I bought them in black for my 10 year old. He liked them a lot and he is picky about shoes. We dress them up & down. They are well worth the money for the quality. They are so well made I'll be able to pass them to my third son almost like new!
B004PNE720 Love it These were ordered for my son, after many different brands and styles this is his preference. Son is on his feet 10 hrs a day any this is his pick.
B004PPLZEG Great Pair of Boots I purchased these boots for my son who works out in the weather as a mover.  He's very hard to please but after trying these on, he was very happy with them.  He especially liked the tread and the fact that they were lightweight.
B004PPLZEG Perfect Boot - Great Seller I ordered these boots for my son.  He has a pair now that he loves and uses for work as an auto technician. He wanted another pair and I found that they are hard to find in the color black.  I found these at an Amazon Seller and recieved them in less than two days. Excellent seller.  I highly recommend the seller and these boots.
B004Q01HZM My son loves these boots. Just put on some thick socks and these are warm boots.  My son says they fit just right and keep his feet warm, without wearing heavy boots.
B004Q01HZM Great Purchase My son has an arthritic ankle that is the result of a severe injury.  He wears these boots as dress shoes.  A perfect solution to a bad problem.
B004REL8TW Great looking but hard to put on Bought these for my nine year old son and while they look nice and rugged and very warm, he had a ton of trouble putting them on. I had to help him with it, as well as help him take them off. He also complained they were "way too heavy" and uncomfortable. Too bad because as I said, they look like a great pair of boots.
B004RQ1N8Q Christmas gifr These were work boots for my son, who is an electrician, and works indoors as well as outdoors.  He loves them.
B004TDWITU the boots are so beatifull My son are very happy and she splash in the rain. The dising is very confortable. WE recomended this boots a every friend and family
B004TDYPF0 very good This boots are very comfortable and worm for my 3 years old son. but i wish they shouldn.t be so heavy.
B004X4IDEE Great hoodie for my son This is a great little hoodie for my 4 yr old son. Good quality material and a cute design. He doesn't need a heavy coat down here in the south, so this one is perfect for chilly mornings. It has held up on the playground of school too!!
B004YZ7F7I good jacket My son wears this jacket almost every day. He is very picky but was happy with this item. I would definitely recommend this jacket.
B004ZBHB2U Timberland kid shoe Just bought this product a month ago it seem strong, looks very good, my son love them, hope they will last a year.
B004ZCE19U Great boots! My son is very pleased with these boots. Wore them to school the next day, said they are very comfortable.
B0052D2XQY Nice coat My son loves this coat, although it could be a bit warmer.  Works to about mid to high 30's.  My son was really cold when the tamps dropped to around freezing.
B0057N6LOY Son loves them! Son LOVES these boots!  Comfortable, warm, goes with almost everything and look stylish at same time.  No regrets, seller was great.
B0057N6LOY Boots were made for walkin'. Surprised our son(35 years old) with these at Christmas.  He said they not only look good, but are also comfortable.
B00599WG3G Timberland boots I purchased these boots for my 9yr old to wear for church or dress. They are well constructed and comfortable and fit true to size. I think my son will outgrow them before they wear out.
B005A5YQ2S Great boot! Got these for my son (21) and he loves them. They are not only very nice looking but comfortable as well. He says he could see himself hiking in them all day.(but he won't because he doesn't want to get them dirty!). Size was true.
B005BWB2QI Perfect fir I bought these and a pair of Timberland boots, and they both fit perfectly, and my husband and son love them.
B005FHWT5C My son's favorite shoes My son wears these most days to school - summer and winter (we live in San Diego).  They do make his feet smelly after long periods of wear, but I just through them in the washing machine every other week. This is the second pair Timberland pair I have bought - my son is hard on shoes, the first pair he had for 6 months before he out grew them and while well worn, they were still in a pretty good state.
B005FHWT5C Not as comforable and well made as other brands Ended up keeping the keens, which my son loves. These were about the same price as Keens, but nowhere near as well made and comfortable.
B005FHWT5C very nice sandals My 7 y.o. son weared it hole summer(5 month). it was like sneakers, but with cooling effect for the feet. I bouth new one for the next season. my son really likes them, and I bouthfor my 5 y.o. child different color. he was very glad to have it too.
B005FI1VE6 Comfortables shoes! My son loves to play in this shoes alot. They are good for casual or dress depending on the occassion. They are comfortable and the price is good!
B005FI1VE6 Perfect fit for my little boy My son has a wide foot and the straps are adjustable to his needs. I like the cushion behind his ankle and the comfort of the shoe is worth the money. I would recommend this sandle 100%.
B005FI1VE6 My son wore these all summer and loved them. These were exactly what we needed for summer sandals for my 2 year old son.  The straps are easily adjustable.  The fit was good and he wasn't tripping over the toes.  They are sturdy.
B005FI1VE6 A must have!! I have been shopping around for a pair of sandal for my almost 2 year old son and I couldn't find any that I like that fits into my price range until I found this pair. I love how they have wide variety of color selections and since my son has thick and wide feet so adjustable strap is really helpful. I already bought a 2nd pair in next size up.
B005FI1VE6 Great Shoes for Summer I love these for my son and he says they're comfortable. He's 6 and just recently became a size 1. These are perfect for the summer. Well made .... a great buy.
B005FI1VE6 like them they fit well my son loved them and they did not rub any blisters on him! will buy more when summer come around again and he needs a bigger size
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My son loves them. They are durable and easily adjustable. They look like they will hold up well for the summer.
B005FI1VE6 Summer shoes My son loves wearing these shoes - more supportive then flip flops - and work well in water! They fit nicely - I ordered a 1, which is what I usually get - they seem fine. He measures between 12 - 12.5....Great shoe - highly recommend! Great price too! Seem like they will hold up nicely!
B005FI1VE6 My 7 year old loves them I got these for my 7 year old daughter. She hasn't taken them off since they came out of the box except for bath and bed time. She loves them and they must wear well as she hasn't had any blisters or sore places on her feet. They are great quality and fit wonderfully.
B005FI1VE6 satisfied customer it seems like it has a good quality. fits just right for my son's feet which is wide. It looks like it is comfortable as well. no complains
B005FI1VE6 Worth the price These are more expensive than a typical pair of walmart kid sandals, but for me they are worth it-  my son is wearing his for the second summer, and they have held up great.  My favorite feature is that they can get wet, and because the bottom is not fabric, it can easily be washed clean of mud-  perfect for my puddle jumping boy.  And they do not develop the awful sandal stink that so many other pairs do.  I just bought some for my younger son as well.  Good product.
B005FI1VE6 Son wears them daily Love these little shoes and get compliments on them regularly. Our son is just learning to walk and these actually help him remain upright. Multiple spots to adjust tightness, which is great!
B005FI1VE6 Great sandles Fits great.  Son had no trouble putting them on himself.
B005FI1VE6 good product for active boys! it's been a few weeks since my son had this, it is very durable and comfortable, my son wears it every day to every where, good buy!
B005FI1VE6 Hurts my son's feet Because the shoes are not leather, the straps hurt my 3-yea-old son's arches and leave red marks. I guess it wouldn't happen if my son didn't run, but only walked. However, it seems impossible to ask from a toddler. So even though the shoes are durable and handsome and breathable, they did not serve my son the way I expected.
B005FI1VE6 Durable My 2 1/2 year old wears these shoes everyday and loves them.  They are easy to clean and very durable!
B005FI1VE6 Boys love them. Bought this for my son, fit great and still looks good.Has survived the summer with my son wearing them. That is a feat in itself. Soles are looking worn, natually, but the upper still looks great.
B005FI1VE6 Textured footbed I thought this would be a good choice for my 5 yr old son who had out grown his sandals from last summer.  They seem pretty sturdy.  We have to tighten them a lot, so they seem too big, but he likes his shoes tight and has different size feet.  Other than the tightness, the only thing you should be aware of is that the footbed is textured.  I didn't notice that in the pictures (though now I see it).  This is a big problem for my son.  He says it hurts his feet.  I would return them, but he decided to crush their box.
B005FI1VE6 they are great! My son loves these and wears them all the time! He has a narrow foot with a high instep and he can adjust them for a perfect fit. They are his favorite colors too! Will buy these again when he outgrows these!
B005FI1VE6 Very satisfied!!! My son loved them and he says they are very comfortable!!! They have a cushioned sole and they are very easy to put on and easy to take off
B005FI1VE6 Fits perfectly My son is 15 months and he wears a size 6W.  This fits perfectly and it looks sturdy.  Good bang for your buck if your toddler loves to walk.
B005FI1VE6 Favorite non-stinky summer shoe! My son loves these comfy shoes (and the closed toe version as well). I love them because they get wet all the time and never stink!!!! The only reason for 4 stars is that I felt the size 10 was a bit small compared to the size 10 of the closed tie version. My son can wear those a while longer, but these he is nearly out of.
B005FI1VE6 awesome My son zared loves these shoes, he wears them every where he goes, they seem to be strong and durable would recommend to any one it is a good buy and it is worth the money
B005FI1VE6 Perfect My son loves it. Great fit. Beautiful colors. Would recommend it. Any little boy would love this for the Summer.
B005FI1VE6 So far, so good We've only had these for a week but they are great so far. They fit well and are comfortable for my 3 year old (very active) son. The colors are great too - not too flashy but not too boring either.
B005FI1VE6 My son loves these Bought them for my son who does not go anywhere without them. Very strong and sturdy and can take a licking & kicking form a 3 yr old. Definitely worth every penny.
B005FI1VE6 Fits perfect My son loved them and has not complained of them hurting his feet. They were true to size. He is almost 5 and has no trouble putting them on and off himself
B005FI1VE6 nice Sturdy and well constructed, comfortable and cool, allows my son's feet to be protected during play and yet breathing during the hot days.
B005FI1VE6 son loves these These are very comfortable and good quality.The bottoms are thick but not too heavy so they will last. Great for water.
B005FI1VE6 Nice and Comfortable These fit true to size (just a bit smaller maybe) and are very durable even in water. My son used to walk into the sea into these and stay there for hours. Really comfortable and good-looking as well. Would buy next year definitely.
B005FI1VE6 Purchased for a Disneyland trip These fit perfectly for my wide-footed son, and barely look worn after a week traipsing around the parks.Highly recommended.
B005FI1VE6 Love these shoes These fit my son great.  He loves them.  They have held up very well.  Great quality shoes.  They are easy to clean.
B005FI1VE6 Very good I have chosen it because my son wanted. I found them all very good, very well made and stilish. We, my son and me, are very satisfaied.
B005FI7PYG Not much to say really They looked great on my son. They were easy to put on and take off, ran true to size, and didn't soil easily.
B005FM5Q3O Cute Son loves them, they are easily adjustable so even though they were slightly big on him the Velcro on top and back of the heel allowed for a perfect fit and room to grow.
B005FM5Q3O These really hold up well This is the second pair of these we have bought for my son.  They were fantastic last year so we are sticking with them!
B005FM5Q3O cool My son loves them he wants to wear them all the time. I like that! I like that they protect his toes from gettin hurt
B005FM5Q3O my son loves it They look very well made, durable and pretty. The contrasting colours look really nice and they fit comfortably. My son hasn&#8217;t complained at all.
B005FM5Q3O Worth the money Got them for my 4 year old son who is an active kid. There very durable and since the toe part is covered he never scraps he's toes
B005FM5Q3O Great sandal I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son who has in the past been finicky about the shoes he'll wear. He loves these sandals and wants to wear them all the time. They are adjustable in the back and on the top of the toe which is great, and my son likes to close the Velcro straps by himself. He runs around in them with no problem so they seem to be comfortable.
B005FM5Q3O Love Product was shipped promptly and my son loves these sons. He is 4 and says they are comfy and don't hurt his feet as most sandals tend to leave biisters. He has been wearing them since May of this year and now in October is still wearing them (we've had really warm weather here). They last a long time and have not fallen apart. They look exactly as shown and I would definitely buy another pair of them for him again.
B005FM5Q3O He really love these sandels so i bought these sandels for ny son, and yesterday my son was able to wear them, and he loves them, he said that he likes the way they feel, so funny the weather dropped to day and we need to go to the store, i told him to go get his shoes, the first thing he grab was these sandels,, was sad when i told him that he could not wear them to cool out side, i love the way they look on his feet, and i like the way the sol is thick, so yes i will be ordering other colors...
B005FM5Q3O Fantastic! My son is known to destroy his shoes b/c he plays so hard.  But these have not only held up to rough play - parks, beaches, hikes, everywhere - they look great!  He loves that the straps allow him to put them on himself, and I love that the adjustable straps have made them comfortable with his growing feet for a long time!
B005FM5Q3O LOVE! These are awesome! My 5 year old son loves them! They fit and are comfy and rugged. I highly recommend them.
B005FM5Q3O Great The shoe is good and fit just what I measure using the chart size provided. Robust and good.My son loves it.But the downside of it is that, the toe part will be somehow exposed or get stuck while wearing it..Would be better if the toe side part is covered.
B005FM5Q3O My son likes these Bought size 4 (youth) for my son and they fit well. These sandals are light, springy and nice looking. My son regularly destroys foot-ware in a very short time and I will report in a few months how these stand up to the abuse.
B005FM5Q3O Timberland I brought this shoe for my son, shipping was very fast and the shoe fit well, made well too, my son was very happy with it
B005FM5Q3O Great product! I ordered these for my son in a size 7 because he is starting to hit a growth spurt. He has some room to grow but fear that he may be out of them by summer so I ordered him another pair in size 8. Overall well made quality product. Will update once my son as wore them for a while but I do not see any problems in the future with these!
B005FM5Q3O Wear & look great My son loves to wear these & I love the amount of time he's wearing these :)This color combo looks very nice on a boy
B005FM5Q3O Why I gave only a 3 star rating I love the shoe but it was too big for my son, so we kept them for my nephew who they fit and ordered a smaller size for my son,  The only issue I have is that the price was not the same.  The first pair cost less than the second.  Can you possibly explain this to me?
B005FM5Q3O Perfect I bought these shoes in yellow and blue color for my son last year. They were so comfortable and easy to get on and off that I ordered them for him this summer too.
B005FM5Q3O Painful! There was another reviewer who mentioned that the shoe chafed her son's skin.  I should have listened.  Same problem and my son understandably refuses to wear the shoe.
B005FM5Q3O good summer shoe [Dictated to me by my six-year old son.]  My mommy bought it for me and they're comfy.  They were comfy right away.  I like them a lot.  I walk in them a lot.  They're almost like sneakers.  They're a little bit noisy but it doesn't bother me.
B005FM5Q3O My son wore these shoes all summer! My son wore these all spring/summer.....and when he grew out of them, I ordered another pair!Great quality.Durable.Comfortable (no strap blisters)Worth every cent!
B005FM5Q3O Love It! I Love these shoes, or I should say my son loves these shoes. He's had them for 3 days now and he doesn't want to take it off! The colors are just how you see them, the size is accurate. They seem to be very tough, sturdy and comfortable. Easy to put on, easy to take off. If u have a son that thinks he's superman and wants to "jump off" buildings in these things then this is what u need ;)
B005FM5Q3O 2 year old i bought these for my 2 year old son they are great shoes he wears them all the time great for summer i didnt rate it a 5 star only because they were not as neat as i hope. the glue on there was a mess but other than that great shoes. if he needs another pair of these i will buy them again
B005FM5Q3O Great Buy! My son loves them shoes! I feel like the shoes energizes him even more and they look really nice and stylist as well. Highly recommended.
B005FMBDD6 Excellent product I ordered the sandals for my 3 year old son.  I needed something comfortable and safe for the pool.  The size was perfect and the comfort better than I expected.  My son loved the cushioned sole.  It is very comfortable and non-slippery.  I would definetely recommend it for the summer at the pool and the beach.
B00604FXDE great except for Timberland advertising on leg These fit great, nice fabric, but my 15 year old son felt like he was marketing for Timberland due to the name on one leg.  We're not big on that in this family.
B0063MTW3K Our son love these boots! They were shipped no problem and were exactly as we expected. It has been hard to have our 10-year boy wearing any other pair of shoes.
B0063MTW3K Looks good Good fit for my 7 yr old son who is usually very fussy with covered shoes. Material looks durable, haven't tried it in snow yet, can't wait!
B0063MTW3K it really worth the money on real its really most pretty than on the photo and my 7 years old son like it too much ,,, it worth what i pay for
B0063MTW3K Timberland Mukluk Polar Cave Waterproof Snow Boots I was very happy with this purchase. The boots are just perfect hight and look awesome on my son. My son loves them. Its comfortable and hugs his foot just perfect!
B0063MTW3K Timberland rocks! Great toddler snow boots!  Good quality no complaints from my 2 1/2 year old son.  He loves em and wants to wear daily
B006T307QE Great Work Boots For Electrician I purchased these boots for my son.  He says they are perfect. They fit exactly to size and he could not be more thrilled.
B006T307QE great!! perfect fit, nice looking, like the steel toe, got here on time and have bought my son timberland pro boots for about 6 years and he loves them.
B006ZTTV1O It's great!!! I bought this boots for my teenage son, and they are great. He like it so much. But it's not in size, I think little bit bigger.
B0070Z0VO8 10 year old son loves these Reasonably prices and they seem durable so far.  He wears them hiking in the woods and in school.  He has commented on multiple occasions how cool his new shoes are.
B0070ZBUES Good light boots. I bought these shoes for my son 8 years. He says that the shoes are comfortable and lightweight. I asked him - is that what he did not like this shoe? Son said that like everything. The purchase was successful.
B00710M2N0 Great pair of boots My son loves these boots and I am glad that they are somewhat big so hopefully they will fit him next year as well. With all the snow and cold weather we have been getting they sure are coming in handy.
B00710TZM6 Love these boots for my son These are great, light weight, waterproof boots that kept my son's feet warm during our recent snowmobiling trip in Wyoming.
B00710TZM6 My son loved these. Good quality and size was no problem.  My son is very happy with them. I would recommend theses and comfortable that the size ordered would be size you get.
B00710TZM6 Winter boots These boots were perfectly priced. My son loves the style and so do I.I bought them for 51.99 which was a godsend cause I'm financially strapped. The quality is great as with most Timberland products.
B00710TZM6 Satisfying and comfortable for my son., My love these boots., He can run and play in the snow with the supportive bottom., He can dress them up or down., I will be purchasing these again next year for sure.,
B00711UNWG Sturdy boot Heavy duty boots, too heavy for the south!  My son complained that his feet were too hot in the boots.
B00711UNWG Great for the price My 3 years old son loves his new boots. He is so picky when comes to what he wears (yes He is 3) but he wears these boots with no problem. The best thing is I did not have to spend too much money for his big foot (11.5 size)
B00713499W Great steal This shoe is perfect for my son's school shoes. It is made from a very classy leather. It looks way more expensive than the price on amazon. Great steal.
B00713499W Its Timberland - you know what to expect. They are just great with perfect skid-free sole.  My 7 year old son loves it for walking, running, and jumping, too.Again when you buy on Amazon.com, you are assured its gonna be good.
B007135298 BEST GIFT AS AS SCHOOL SHOE This product fits as expected. My son loves it and cannot wait for the reopening of school to wear it.
B007135298 They are well made My son is 7 years old and wears size 2 now but i bought these in size 2.5 regular hoping for a slightly bigger fit, but they fit perfectly maybe it's because they are narrower at the front.  Narrower than i expected, that is.  My son doesn't like his toes squashed or touching anything so i usually buy wide width.  So he'll have to wear these now before he has too many complaints.  They seem to be very well made and were a bit expensive for me about US$50.
B007135FDQ LOVE These shoes My son loves the shoes. The size matched just right, and they are easy on and easy off. They are also very durable. They can be worn for play time with jeans or for a nicer event (school holiday program) with slacks.
B0071BD33M Great fit and comfy! My son loves his new boots and they fit great.  The velcro makes them very easy to get on and off himself.
B0071BD33M Great boot My son loves this, he wears it constantly and it hasn't begun to wear out yet. We've had it for about 3 months so far. Its a tough boot for a rambunctious kid.
B0071BD33M Looked everywhere for these! My neighbor recently bought these for her 2 year old son and I just had to have them for my 19 month old son. I looked everywhere for these in a size 7. Finally found them right here on Amazon! Was a little too pricey, but like I said earlier, I just had to have them! They look great and my son loves to wear his &#34;BOOTS&#34;.
B0071BD33M Love it!! Fits as expected and so cute on!!! My son loves them! Easy enough for him to them on himself. Great!!
B0071BD33M Great My son love these. They are very comfortable. Best part is that i don't have to fight with laces. They are easy to put on and take off.
B0071DQTAO Just as described. These boots are just what you would expect. I ordered them for my son and they fit perfect! And of course, are holding up very well, even though he tends to be extremely rough on his shoes.
B0071DQTAO Love this shoes My son refuse to take it good for both causal and dress up and it seem strong and durable. Highly recommend
B0072FPQOQ Great boots! Son loves them.  Comfortable.  Love the zipper on the side.  Don't need to untie the laces to put the boots on.
B0074DUN6M The Quality is questionable I bought this boot for my son and I love the style.  The down fall is that the material on the boots come off easily.  They scar up easily and then they no longer look presentable.
B0077SY810 My Son Boots I ordered these boots for my son and he loves them, they are very comfortable and nice looking as it showed in the picture. Thank you.
B0080CADOS WE  LOVE THIS PRODUCT THESE WERE A PRESENT.  MY WHOLE FAMILY;  MYSELF, MY HUSBAND, MY 28 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER, AND MY 21 YEAR OLD SON, LOVE TIMBERLAND SOCKS.  THEY ARE NICE AND SOFT AND KEEP OUR FEET TOASTY WARM DURING THE CHICAGO WINTERS, WITHOUT MAKING THEM UNCOMFORTABLY HOT.  COLORS ARE BEAUTIFUL, TOO!
B008AH7346 These are my son's favorite pants. My son loves these pants.  They are comfortable and stylish.  The price was reasonable too.  Timberland products are always quality.
B008AH76XY Nice coat, great price! Ordered this coat for my twelve year old son.  Fits him well and he seems to like it.Not of the best quality, but it looks good and for the price it's about right!
B008AH76XY Looks good but size too small for my son Jacket looks nice but it doesn't fit my son, and he doesn't like the puffiness of it. Wanted to return but it cost too much to send from Singapore.
B008AH77XS A very good jacket I bougth this jacket for my nine years old son. It seams to be very warm and made of good material. I haven't not test yet but it fits very well in my son and he said that he loved it. The delivery was very quick and I am very happy. Thank you Amazon.
B008AH77XS Great coat My son loves the coat and we love that he actually wants to wear it. The coat is warm and has lots of pockets.
B008AH77XS Great My son loves the coat!  Very warm, has two layers of zippers for added warmth!  Great for extra cold weather.
B008AH79FE wonderful coat! Bought this coat for my son and has done a wonderful job. he wore it skiing and never complained about being cold. its not too bulky and still does the job! very happy!!!
B008AH79FE Good jacket. Looks cute, warm enough without being bulky, so my 3.5 year old son doesn't complain about wearing this. Bought a size 4 and it fits well, true to size. Over all this is a good jacket for a reasonable price. I would recommend this purchase.
B008AH7BY8 Snorkel Jacket. Once i ordered the jacket within two days it was delivered. My son loves it, the only down fall was that he had to zip it twice. But other than that. excellent coat paid the right price for it.
B008AH7DC8 Love this coat!! I got this coat for my 2yr old son and he loved it at first sight. He looks like a little man when he wears it. Paired with the matching boots hes complimented all day long. Great quality and extra warm.
B008AH7DC8 Great Great coat!  I originally thought it was a 3 in 1, but I like it just the same.  My 3 year old son loves it!  It's a little too big, but he still loves to wear it.  Thanks!  Delivery was prompt as usual, even to Germany!
B008B5XIFA This is a great backpack! We bought this and the carry on for our son.  Very pleased with both.  Sturdy construction, quality zippers, plenty of pockets!
B008M27UHO Nice looking shoe. Purchased for my son for Xmas present! He loves them, and they look really sharp with khakis or blue jeans!
B008M2MGSC HE LOVE THEM This was a gift as part of our son's annual school clothing apparel, and he loves them.  Perfect fit, and nice looking as well.  Thank you Amazon.com.
B008M2MGSC Great looking and comfortable Item just as described. Very pleased with purchase.  Very comfortable, this was a great gift for my son.  He loves the boots!
B008M2MGSC Like Like Like Bought them for my son. I like the updated look of these timberlins. Not the Tim's of my era for sure.
B008M2MGSC A gift for my son--- Stylish! My son loves these.  Fits as expected and perfect for the young adult. Would definitely recommend; especially at the price.
B008UQ5ISA He gets compliments every time he wears these These boots are great! The match just about everything. You can wear them up or rolled down. Every time my son wears them, he gets compliments. Everyone always asks where we got them so they can buy a pair also. My son likes them because they are light and very comfortable. He is a very active 5 year old who is very picky with what he finds comfortable to wear. He loves them, I love them. I would buy them again!
B008UTADGY Great buy Got this for my son and he loves them. He wears them every sunday to church and he has not complained once about the fit, for a 4 year old that is a big deal.
B008UTB02K My Son and us love this shoes I ordered for my 5 years Old kid and he looks like a big man , quality and look of the product is great !
B008VAQ1UY perfect fit, very comfy, and holds up well outdoors! I love these shoes! The fit is perfect, they are super comfy like sneakers, and they held up well for my son's week at boy scout camp and for whitewater rafting. I also put them in the washing machine afterward and air dried them, they look like new! My only complaint is the pair my son got had no bungee cord, they were regular laces. However, I recently ordered a purple pair for my daughter and her pair DID come with bungee laces! Still a great buy and a great shoe, I am tempted to order a pair for myself!
B008VAQ1UY my son and I we love this shoe This shoe is very cute and comfortable as expected. My son just loves is,  its of high quality  and perfectly fits the size..
B008VD3M4E Great Shoes Very good shoes you can never go wrong with timberland, and my son loves them too. Great for the price
B008VD3M4E Cute My son loves them.its a different timberland that he is used to wearing.he is use to wearing the 6 inch timberland but the blue boot  goes well with his wardrobe
B008VPU0GK Son loves them... I purchased these for my 19 year old son.  He loves and wears them all the time. Great quality and very lightweight and durable.
B008VPU0GK Got for my son.  Fits perfectly.  They are holding up well Son's feet are happy.  He used them sledding, shoveling gravel and snow.  No complaints.  They kept his feet warm in very cold weather.
B008VPU0GK They are great! My son ordered these for himself (he is 19) and he just loves them.  The fit is great and they are very comfortable.
B008VS5S00 my son won't wear any other shoe My son is obsessed with this shoe.His gym teacher said he needs to start getting used to a different kind of shoe, but he won't budge.He loves them.
B008VS5S00 A must have and worth the money. My son is so hard on shoes. These still look new after a whole summer of outdoor boy stuff of water, dirt, climbing, skateboarding, etc. I buy him a new pair every year but only because he outgrows them. All mom's will love these. All kids do too.
B008ZBP506 Very Comfy! My son loves these so much, he won't stop wearing them to clean them.  I need to get him more.
B0091HHY0W comfortable I Purchased these boots for my son, I choose these because of the price and the style. he like them very much.Though they are a little bigger for him.
B0091HKWHY Great boots great price These are very comfortable and durable. Bought for my son last year for x mas and he wears them every day to work ( he installs granite ) and all he wanted this year was another pair just like them.
B009BC6HRS Good I bought these for my 7 year old son and he absolutely loves them.  Strong and durable however scruffs easily.
B009QAREA4 good price brought this for my son who had been looking for this boot. was happy to get it and it fit true to timberland sizing.
B00AQL08YG very very happy customer i love these shoes from the moment i seen them on amazon and now that i have them for my son for christmas i am very very pleased and there so comfortable to him thanks
B00AQNNZ80 Exactly what he wanted. My son loves these boots. Not only do they fit as expected and look good, but he tells me they are incredibly comfortable. I wouldn't expect less from Timberland. I've never been disappointed with their shoes.
B00AQNPMGS Nice shoes for the winter The shoes are perfect.  My son loves them because they're comfortable and keeps his feet very warm.  He wears them most days.
B00AQNPMGS Love it! Not water repellent, but lovely product for fall weather. My 2 year old son loves it. The color is nice for kids. I love these boots for him.
B00AQNPMGS mommy of a soon to be 4 yrs old toddler boy My son is going to be  four in one month, and he is very vocal about his likes and dislikes. He hasn't stopped  talking about his cool new boots. He loves them, they are comfy and surprisingly lighter than I expected. Very happy with this buy.
B00AR1XL2G big Love them but they were bigger than expected. But they look amazing and my son loves them ... would buy them again
B00AR3GB9O Very comfy My son loves Timberland Polar Cave Waterproof Snow Boot. Pity, isn't larger size, certainly I would bought another pair for him.
B00AR3GB9O I love it! Boots a little large in size (5US = 37.5EU). It is soft, light weight and very warm boots. It looks better than the picture. My son loves it!
B00AR3GB9O Great looking and fitting boots for kids The color, fit and style were great on this boot.  My son loves them and wore them nearly everyday during our snowy winter in Chicago.
B00AR58UIC Love the boots! I love the boots! My son loves them too! My son is 6 years old. He wears a size 13 but I went with a size 12. The boots fit just fine.
B00AR58UIC A complete disappointment I have Timberland boots that I've worn for more than a decade that are both rugged and comfortable. These boots fell far short of what I expected from this company. First, they were much too large for my son's foot. We ordered a boys 4.5 wide. I wear a women's 6.5. I put them on and they fit with room to spare. They were like boats on my son. Second, the material felt like recycled plastic. It was very stiff and unyielding to natural movement. Third, there was almost no support in the foot bed. The first thing my son said when he tried them on was, &#34;These are uncomfortable!&#34; The only thing that seems to be as it should is that they do appear to be waterproof, although we didn't test them. I assume this because they made me think of a couple of boot shaped plastic bottles. So these are going back and I probably won't be shopping for Timberland's anymore.
B00AR58UIC great boots! My son loves wearing workboots and we like the fact that they are leather and hold up better than man made materials.
B00AR58UIC My Son LOVES These These boots are AWESOME. I bought them for my 5yr old son and he adores them. They fit just right, are universal and can be worn with most of his clothes, are great  in this snowy weather we are having, and easy enough for him to lace up and put on without any help.  I would definitely buy these again... I want a pair for myself
B00AR59MBQ Sizing off? Purchased the same boot in a different color and this pair runs much bigger.  Had to return twice and go down a complete size.  My son loves the boots!
B00ARIVW2K great sole, have wide width soft and comfy. easy to put on and take of. run wide, which is great for winter. my son wears thick wool socks with them in NY winter. although they are lined a bit, the lining is by no means warm enough  to wear with thin cotton socks in 30-40 degree weather. the sole is very flexible and non skid. my son likes to climb up slides and in these boots he can do it effortlessly.update after two monthsthese boots are indeed waterproof. my son played in slush every day this week and his feet stayed dry. changing rating to five stars
B00AZPO1BY Shoe for my Son for Christmas! I ordered these shoes for my son for Christmas! He was very pleased with the look, color and comfort! Thanks!
B00AZPQV6C just what was needed Got this for my son for those days of hiking in the woods.  Just what he needed!  Gives him added traction and support.  Great product.
B00AZPS9W6 Great Shoes My son needed some slightly rugged shoes to wear at school in Colorado. These fit the bill while maintaining the style he wanted. Great shoes, great price. Timberland is a product I have always had success with whether it is for my son or myself.
B00B7FKAXY Birthday present for our Son We bought these as a gift for our son.  He really liked the fit and comfort so we are happy.  Many boots and shoes do not fit him correctly so we are glad that Timberland does provide a proper fit.Hopefully he will enjoy them for many years.
B00B9PADZ2 Quality boots I have been buying Timberland boots for my son since he was 7 years old.  They fit and wear well.  He was and is hard on his clothes and shoes, but Timberlands hold up to his use.  They always fit as expected, and they look good for a long time.
B00B9PADZ2 Bought these for my son. I bought these for my son at Christmas time. He loves them!! He says they are really comfortable and they look great with his jeans.
B00B9PADZM Lots of compliments Bought for my son as an Christmas present.  He loves them!  They look great and he says they are very comfortable.  He has received compliments from lots of folks already.  Quality seems very good.
B00B9PM56C boots I sent these to my son in Colorado ..He loves the ! he said they were comfortable from day one!
B00B9U33PY YUP their boots These were purchased for my 14 year old son and they fit true to size.  He hasnt torn the seams, laces, or material the boots are made of.  If this doesn't convince you to buy these awesome Timberland's I don't know what will.
B00B9U4R6S Suede finish is fragile I've ordered several pair of these Timberland boots for my son over the years, but I had to return this pair.  The suede was very fragile and the boots arrived with several scuff markets on the inside of the heels.  Not sure if they'd been worn and returned or if they were scuffed during shipment.  In any case, my son wasn't happy with them.
B00E41Z6YQ Good quality for price! This slipper is very comfortable and fits to size.  I purchased a pair for both my husband and my son and both love the slipper!
B00E8RA1UK My 2-year old loves these They are super light and awesome looking.  My son wears a 7.5, so we got an 8.  So it's a little big, as intended.  He will have room to grow into it over the next few months.
B00E8RA1UK Perfect for Summer I hate putting my kids in flip flops when they are babies so I loved this style for my son.He has been wearing them for months and are very well made. (He's now a few weeks from 2.) I like that there is an adjustable strap on the front because my son has chubby feet and that part needed to be let out a bit. Overall I would repurchase these in a bigger size when he gets into the next size.
B00E8RA1UK Cuteness overload Adorable! My son loves them and they look cute with any outfit! I like that the toes are covered as my son is very hyper!
B00EOIRBC4 My son loved it! I just could not decide on a  gift for my very mobile son. This watch, good looking and heavy fit the bill very nicely.
B00GCPSDWE No problems with this at all Perfect alternative to regular buttas! Son loved them. Wish I woulda purchased a pair for myself. Nice looking and different!
