B000AKVA6I 2E too short The boot maybe should have beem a 15 d... a 2e was too short...causimg the steel toe edge too dig slightly into my right little toe....
B000AKVA6I Perfect! Boots are exactly what I was looking for!!Great Price ($100 less than other sites) and extremely fast shipping!!These boots looks great and wear amazingly!Steel Toe and Shank, and electric shock resistant... Couldn't ask for a better boot!
B000AKVA6I well made as with any boot the break-in period is rough but I'll see I have to admit these are some of the most comfortable steel toe boots I've ever worn nice durable comfortable once again it's the break in good product  Timberland
B000AKVA6I tough boot after I broke them in they are damn comfy and protect your lower digits with the steel toe. I will definitely be getting another pair
B000AKVA6I boot i bought these boots because they look good and i wanted something easy to get on.when i bought these it didnt say steel toe and  i wanted a boot without steel toe,but when i received them they had steel toe.anyway the boots are still nice ,they look good and feel good.
B000AKVA6I Timberland Fine looking boot. Did not need steel toe and I tried them on once and the heel area was too large.
B000AKVBCQ Nice Shoe, Narrow 'Wide' Sized Steel Toe I have had great luck thus far with the Timberland PRO line of boots.  I thought I would give these shoes a try.  Ordered them in the same size as I've worn with their boots.  The shoes themselves fit fine in length and even width but it's almost like the steel toes that are installed are for a regular width or even narrow width shoe.  I didn't even notice there was an issue until a day of wearing them.  By the end of the day both of my next to littlest toes were a bit sensitive on their outside from rubbing the edge of the steel toe.They're fine for wearing short term and they seem to be built well. I'll have to give sizing a closer look the next time.
B000AKVBCQ Timberland ESD Steel Toe Hiking Shoe Timberland's are good shoes, seem to be made well and look good.I was looking for ESD type shoes w/ composite toe but this model only came with steel. Not fond of the steel but needed at our shop.Not really a comfortable shoe after 6-8 hrs at the shop.FYI. They are made in a country where the feet of the people there are not as large as us here in the states.Are there any shoes like these, that are made in the USA?
B000AKVBCQ Good choice for price I have to buy steel-toe shoes for work and am always hesitant about trying something new. I was previously buying Dr Martins half boot, and was happy with those, until they changed the design of the ones I liked. This made me consider changing to a new style.I also need ESD, mostly b/c of the static shock I get when the weather is dry, so that limited all of the styles that are possible.I like everything about these shoes and would give 5 stars except for the minimal arch support. But I haven't had a problem with the comfort but they don't feel as good as the Dr Martin boots I had, but am really happy with the shoe as a whole. Also, does not pinch my toes as other Steel-To Sneakers have. Overall, very happy with these shoes, and worth the price, 40% cheaper than I was expecting to pay.
B000AKVBCQ Great non-boot work shoe I needed a steel toe safety shoe.  I do a lot of driving and hiking around work sites.  This shoe is much easier on the feet than other steel toe shoes.  It's much lighter, breathes well and is very flexible.  Note: There is not a shank, which makes it more comfortable, but not suited for climbing / ladder work.  No ankle support, which is what I wanted for comfort reasons.  It even looks good, atleast till you get them dirty.
B000AKVBCQ Can feel the steel toe linear, very uncomforatble. The size fit perfectly, except for the steel toe part.I own at least 3 pair of &#34;timberland&#34; shoe on size 9 W US, only this pair i feel uncomfortable due to the steel toe.I can feel the narrowness of the steel toe compare to my other similar size boots which never happen.After few hours walking i feel pain on my last toe due to the &#34;feel&#34; against the steel toe cap linear.If the steel toe cap could have widen by 2~3mm it would be perfect fitting, just like my other &#34;timberland pro men's magnus 6&#34; boots&#34;No commence on others as it's similar as other mode.
B000AKVBCQ very comfortable My feet feel a whole lot better since I started wearing these Timberlands. I have large feet and I find it hard to find comfortable shoes to wear especially steel toe shoes. I have one minor finding; I feel the edge of the steel toe on my right pinky toe. Noticeable but not significant otherwise great shoe.
B000AKVBCQ Semperfi8184 i have no complaints. doesnt slip even on the slippiest surfaces here at work.....very comfortable even with steel toe...good shoe
B000AKVBCQ Great steel!!! Very impressed at this pair of steel toe shoes.Stylish,perfect fit,and comfortable.Great priceat $60.00.I will defenitely buy one again next time.
B000AKVBCQ Comfortable, breathes I dislike steel toe shoes in general however they are required where I work, these are comfortable and let my feet breathe, great shoe
B000AKVBCQ Great pair of work shoes These shoes have been perfect for work. The steel toe and slip resistance all matched what my company calls for. The ESD protection is a extra bonus. Plus they look good and are very comfortable! I will by them again when I need too!
B000AKVBCQ Great Steel Toed Shoe I've worked in factories for 30 years. I've worn a lot of steel toed shoes.  This is the best, most comfortable, most supportive steel toed shoes I've ever owned.  I've purchased three pairs of these shoes over the last 5 years.  They are awesome!  Highly recommended.
B000AKVBCQ Great Support for your feet while working away. These boots are a great value. I wore my first pair seven days a weeks for two years before I needed to replace them. Mostwho see them don't know they are steel toe. Trust me, it's worth getting these to protect the digits !!!
B000AKVBFI Timberland Boots Very well made work boots, feel real good on.  The steel toe don't hurt your foot when you bend down/over like a lot of other steel boots do.Best price on line, then I could find a local shoe stores that handle same boot .
B000AKVBFI Great shoes I really Timberland's i use to own a pair a few years ago and wasn't able to get them on our show truck any longer. They are the most comfortable steel toe shoes that i've ever worn. and Would recommend them to any guys that want a nice look in a steel toe and very comfortable..............
B000AKVBFI Great steel toe boot. These are the most comfortable steel toe I have ever worn.  Great thermal control, venting keeps your feet cool in the summer and still warm in the winter.  I work on a solar site and have used these in temp extremes in the teens to over 110.  The lug sole will build up mud but they are easy to clean.  I would consider these as the best steel toe on the market.
B000AKVBFI Great purchase!! Awesome boots! I bought them for my hubby, he raves about them all the time. He uses them to ride his Kawasaki Concours and they even have a steel toe. Very light weight considering how well built they are.
B000AKVBFI Too small in the toe The shoe is tapered down in the toe and placedpressure from the sides and top of the toe.  The rest of the boot fit well which made it a shame.  I have owned several pairs of Timberlands and this is the first time I have had a problem with fit.
B000AKVBFI steel toed boots Bought these after much consideration and upon receiving realized they were steel toed. Does not state this in description. Returned them immediately. They might be very good for someone who wants steel toed boots.
B000AKVBFI Great Boots for all activities These boots are amazing.  Lightweight with steel toe and they look good .  I absolutely love 'em and will recommend them to everyone
B000AKVBFI Not a fan Not a fan of the way they lace, the steel toe cut into my big toe and I ended up returning these to order the timberland titans in a wider size. If you don't have wide feet and don't mind the extra time spent tying then these shoes shouldw ork well.o
B000AKVBFI Good boot I have had them for 2 months before giving the review to get a good feel for the boot. Sturdy, lightweight, good fit, good looking.  It took 2 weeks to adjust to the lack of padding around the top opening/ankle area, but this is one reason that the boot is lighter weight for a steel toe. This is my secong pair of Timberland's, this being my first pair of steel toe work boots, my others are hiking boots...no complaints.
B000AL1EPE Solid comfortable work boot I work in a 1.8 million sq ft warehouse. I'm on my feet all day so durable comfortable footwear's important.  Moving and loading pallets and cases is my life.  It's been 2.5 months and the shoes are holding up well. The all-leather body's far superior to the all-cloth body of theTimberland Pro Men's Expertise LT Steel Toe HikerI bought 6 months earlier.  The cloth body literally tore apart due to the many sewn panels that make up the shoe.  The threads on the one shoe of the cloth hiker were nicked once on a broken pallet and quickly disintegrated.  The sidewall near the sole on the other shoe blew out.  I haven't had any of those kinds of problems with the Ratchet.  The rubberized toe covering over the steel-toe on the Ratchet is still intact and has saved my feet from pallets, etc. being dropped on them numerous times.  The leather body has withstood scrapes and punctures.  Most importantly, the shoe is still comfortable without needing Doctor Scholl's inserts. I went through inserts about every 2-3 months with the Timberland Pro cloth hikers which cost about $15 a pop.  The Ratchet Hiker's still wearing well and still looking good.  If you need a comfortable steel toe that should wear well, so far this one's a good one.
B000BFIHVS Put on feeling better Put on feeling good, my colleagues in the proposal, to buy these shoes. I work in construction and light tough shoes are a must. Building mostly steel composite column structure means that we walk in the steel roof sheets and soft sticky soles are a must
B000BFIHVS Most comfortable ever! These boots are light, tough, and comfortable.  These are the only boots I wear when I don't have to have steel toes.
B000FX9A5S Great Boot I was looking for a work boot that would give the protection of a steel toe, be comfortable, keep my feet dry and warm. These meet all my expectations, very comfortable, warm but not hot, the steel toe is great when cutting/hauling firewood for that occasional dropped piece. They seem very well constructed double and triple stitched seems nice thick sole but not heavy or clunky and for the price they can't be beat.
B000FX9A5S Timberland Pro Men's Steel toe boots The work boots appear rugged, fit comfortably, and were reasonably price. It was my first-time buying Timberland work boots but I think I will be happy with them .
B000FX9A5S Great value Very comfortable.  I was skeptical about buying a different kind of boot. These are waterproof and have steel toe protection.
B000FX9A5S Exactly what I needed I drive a truck for a living and likewise I was in need of a pair sturdy, comfortable steel toed shoes. I have a size 13 foot and was worried about ordering boots on line. All of the other work boots ( at least 3 pairs in the last two years at an average of 40-60.00 a pair) I have purchased at the big box retailers have fallen apart: Leaking water from the soles, shoe lace grommets breaking off, the list goes on. I ordered these boots size 13m and awaited patiently for them to arrive. They arrived on time and to my great suprise and pleasure, these shoes fit like a glove and are extremely comfortable. They keep my feet protected from the elements. They look good and if I had not already gotten them dirty from working on job sites, I would wear them for every occassion. I may look into getting another pair, that are not steel toe, that I could wear around town. Needless to say, I love these boots and would highly recommend them for anyone who works in contruction or needs steel toes. I will save a couple hundred dollars in the next fews years by not having to keep buying disposable shoes from the big box retailers. You get what you pay for and I don't see why I will have to spend anymore money on work boots over the next few years (hopefully).
B000FX9A5S Great Boots this boots looks elegant, durable, VERY comfortable, and not that expensive. the inside cushion is perfect, the steel toe n the front does not bother your foot at all. yo cannot get a better boots with this amount of money!
B000FX9A5S Very comfortable and it looks good too These boots are very comfortable and look good too.  They are also just the right weight despite being steel tips....which makes back pain less likely to occur from constant wearing.  You might want to consider buying one size up to accommodate the steel tips.
B000FX9A5S Wide feet?  look elsewhere I  used the regular (non steel toe) for my motorcycle boot.  My feet never  got wet; I live in Seattle.The 2E  Steel toe version of these boots was not wide enough for me.  Sadly, Timberland doesn't make a wider version, otherwise I would have bought it.  Had to return them.  To amazon's credit, the return process couldn't have been easier.
B000G23DQK Worth the Cost My husband uses these for work and they have held up great! He's constantly around heaving machinery and equipment that could potentially fall on his feet (and sometimes do) and they've been great. They are just now starting to get deep scuff marks around the toes but that's after months of use. Great for anyone needing reliable steel toe boots for all kinds of weather/work environments.
B000G23DQK Great boot I love this boot, just wish it had a steel toe.  They are extremely comfortable and look great. Exactly what I had hoped for!
B000KVA7YI Good boot Bought these for my boyfriend for work (he's an electrician) and he need a sturdy pair of boots for spending the day on his feet. The boots fit ( a little snug because of the steel plate) but are a nice looking boot. As far as performance, he thinks next time he'll go without the steel tip because  it made his feet cold during the winter months. Other than that they're still holding up with rough daily use!
B000KVA7YI Great boot. For years I've been buying cheap steel toe boots and after a few months the souls would be flat.  I've had these for a while now and I don't notice much wear at all.  They're tough and comfy for a boot.
B000KVA7YI Steel Toe Boot My man loves these boots! They keep his feet warm and his toes safe! Would highly recommend them! I got him a size bigger and I am glad I did when he wears his thick socks these fit like a glove!
B000KVA7YI Great Product! These boots are the only boots my fianc&eacute; will wear for work, he loves them! He says they are comfortable and make working on his feet all day a bit easier. He has also said before that even though these boots are steel toe, they are rather light. This is his third pair and he works as a mechanic and really does a number on his footwear and they seem to last for him. He definitely gets a great deal of use out of them before he gets a new pair.
B000KVA7YI Very Poor Quality Son's Favorite brand... until now! Wore 1 day working where steel toe boots are a requirement. Leather ripped over steel toe after normal work related roughness. He has worn his other Timberlands for 7 months and no rips. Time to switch to Chippewas.
B000KVA7YI Good Boot I bought these boots for my husbands for work. He has knee problems and I needed something lightweight. We knew they would be heavier than his normal boots because of the steel toe. These were heavier than I thought and it took him about a week to get used to the weight change. Don't Get me wrong they ARE lighter that most steel toe boots. There is also no cusioning in these boot so we bought a pair of insoles and that seemed to work well. This boot is true to size. I would recommend these boots.
B000KVA7YI Light weight Light weight boot with a steel toe and eight inch rise. Very comfortable.  My husband loves these boots.We sprat them to protect the suede.
B000QW02F0 good shoe these are steel toed.  i hate steel toes boots.  I use to have a soft toed pair.  the ever-guard leather is awesome.  never gets scratched or cut or any thing.  100 times more durable than leather, they say only 10x but they were trying not to brag.
B000QW02F0 boot-tastic These were for my fiance.  He's had these before and couldn't say enough positive things about them.  The only "bad" thing about them, they were supposed to be non steel toe.  In the description, it doesn't mention that these are steel toe.  But, he decided that he would use them.  Also got them literally the next day!!!!  =)They were also a heck of a lot cheaper than the first pair he had bought!!!  GREAT DEAL!!!!!
B000QW02F0 Excellent work boots! Well built boot. By far the most comfortable steel toe I've worn. Amazon smashed the retail price by nearly $50 too.  Score!
B000VX03GC Too small, painful toe box. I found these boots to be extremely uncomfortable, I returned them as soon as I was able.  The toe box was crushing my toes with each step !
B000X46MOQ Extremely comfortable, not so durable These boots eat worn 10 hours/day, 5 days/week and are as comfortable as tennis shoes. Lots of cushion and very light for steel toes.Two things to consider:1. The toe box is very roomy. If you've got a narrow foot, even the med will feel huge to you.2. (The reason this only gets 4 stars) they're definitely not the most durable steel toes you'll buy. My last pair only lasted 8 months and it only took me a week to start tearing the leather on these. I work in a place where they'll get dirty, but not in a job that would tear them apart. Don't expect to get years out of these. That said, I bought this pair to replace the same shoe and my next pair of shoes will be another pair of the same.
B000X46MOQ Timberland PRO Woman Titan boots Nice boots, I wear daily....lightweight and steel toe required for work.  Literally no break in time.  Very comfortable I would recommend these  boots.
B000X46MOQ Comfortable boots Boots are comfortable, this is the 5th identical pair, plus 1 in black. I use a heel cushion insert in them because they are kind of wide, it cushions, helps my feet stay centered, and sock heels last longer if boots aren't moving a lot. Titan Toe is lighter weight than steel toe. Soft sole and soft leather upper break in quickly, but if you do a lot of work on your knees and drag toes, you will tear the leather up faster than a tougher leather. I will buy them again, only so many styles of womens safety toe work boots out there.
B000X46MOQ Light Weight and Great This is my second pair of these boots. I've had other steel toed boots they where heavy and not comfortable. These don't even have to be broken in. You get them, put them on, they are comfortable and light. You don't even realize you are wearing a steel toe boot.
B000X46MOQ Great boots After a brief break-in period they now feel great.  Didn't think I would like the hard toe (my previous pair was soft toe), but after the break-in I'm fine with it.
B000XEA5ZI I finally found the perfect boot. I wear a size 15 wide and it's always been hard to find comfortable boots. These boots have made wearing my steel toe boots easy. The only caveat is that it took a little while to break them in, but I attribute that to the fact that they are stiff and well made.
B000XEA5ZI Excellent work boot I'm a machinist, on my feet all day, mostly standing, and we are required to wear steel toe boots.My previous set, OSS/Second Shift (made I think by Wolverine), bought off the truck, are very well made but they just got too tight in the toe area and I started developing an ingrown toenail on my left big toe - quite painful.So I spent more than a few hours at Sears trying on different safety shoes and settled on these Timberland Pro Steel Trax. I like that they are a bit bigger and wider than average as this gives my toes room to move without getting pinched by the steel toe. The ones I purchased are the same nominal size as the OSS boots, but far more comfortable.The cushioning of the sole and insole is great and I can last the whole day without my feet complaining like they did before. I actually like the look of these boots - they shout "serious workload" and I appreciate that they are black because the black oil stains on the shop floor inevitably get on the uppers and these won't show it as much. The outer rubber toe guard will also come in handy when I work on my cars at home - protecting the toe leather from the inevitable scuffing from the cement in the driveway as I kneel to access things like wheels and brakes.The lack of lace hooks on the upper two or three pairs of eyelets was a bit of a concern at first but I find that it's easy enough to loosen the laces without slipping them out of the eyelets, and get my feet into these with the aid of a boot spoon. I also tie a half knot between the third and fourth set of lace eyelets - this helps keep tension on the lower part of the boot without putting undue tightness on the upper part. And in the past I've found that lace hooks are usually the cause of laces coming unfastened the lace pops off the hook and then the knot comes undone - this doesn't happen with this full eyelet boot lace design.I really have no complaints about these boots. Good looking, comfortable, and probably very long lasting. In fact I might purchase a second pair  in the near future as a "back up" and/or separate use at home.
B000XEA5ZI Good and bad The cushion for your foot is great, although you will still need thick steel toe socks for the back side of your ankle because no matter how secure or tight, they will still grind your skin. The upper leather/rubber is very durable but the bottom of my boot has almost lost 75% of its tread. Originally bought in Jan 2013
B000XEA5ZI Very good and durable. Highly recommend. Especially if you tend to scratch/scuff up your boots. As the 'Ever Guard' leather resists abrasion. And the rubber toe guard allows you to abuse your boots without worrying about it getting ripped up. No more having the steel in the steel toe showing up after getting a cut in the boot from working. I would buy again.
B000XEA5ZI Best steel toe boots ever I've been wearing steel toe boots for almost 10 years. I have tried numerous boots and brands. In my expert opinion, Timberland makes the most comfortable and durable steel toe boots out there. My last 5 pairs of steel toes have been Timberlands.  I have bought 2 pairs of these and plan on buying another when I need too. I would give these boots 6 stars. You can't go wrong with these. If you are tired of cheap uncomfortable boots then buy Timberlands you will not be disappointed.
B000XEA5ZI Trax Tim pros steel toe Got to wear high socks if not it will kill your ankeles. And also I've had about five pairs of doc martins. And still think the docs are more comfy. But these boots will last 5x as long.
B000XEA5ZI Quality product Great boots, very comfortable. Been wearing them 8 months, seem to be holding up well. Steel toed boots are not my favorite, if you have fitting issues (left foot big toe) your foot will end up breaking in. They are also heavy!, if you have to walk much it may be an issue.
B000XEA5ZI BEST BOOTS I HAVE EVER HAD  12stars!!! These are the boots for a man that works on his feet, 60 hours a week!!!!I have spent thousands of dollars on boots and these are the best, hands down!!!!!  I have even spent as much as $250 on a pair of Danners because they were supposed to be the best, nope, didnt last.  Two years ago, I spent almost two hours in Sears trying on work boots (steel toe), and the steel trax were the most comfortable, so I made the purchase.....here I am two years later going through the same drill.  yesterday I tried on CAT,Craftsman, Dewalt and everything else that has a steel toe and I find myself back with the Timberland PRO Steel Trax!  I have to admit they are kinda ugly and are kinda Herman Munster looking, but I dont really care!!!!!!!!  Comfort is what I want and these are the ONLY boots that can provide it!!!If you are looking for style look at something else!!!!  If you want comfort and durability in a steel toe these are your boots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000XEA5ZI Great boots, a little heavy. This is my second pair of these Timberland Pro Steel Trax 6" Steel Toe These boots are great. I work around chemicals all day, the type that will eat cheap boots in a heartbeat and these have lasted through them all. The only thing I dislike about the boots, is that they are heavy. I'm a big guy so not really that big of a deal to me.
B000XEA5ZI The Ideal Steel Toe Boot After spending quite a bit of time researching steel toe boots online, I chose the 53525 & ordered them mid December. I've been wearing them 5 days a week 12-14 hrs days for nearly a month. Really like the design of this boot. Primarily the contrast stitching, and surprisingly sleek look despite the sturdy leather, lug sole, and steel toe. The materials are very good quality, and I would expect these to last quite a long time. No problems with the weight of the boots or with laces staying closed. I also purchased socks designed for steel toe boots, which I recommend for extra comfort. Sealed the boots with a leather protector called Sno-Seal before wearing.Looks are nice, but most importantly this boot is tough. I'm a driver delivering caustic products. These boots have kept me safe from potential injury. My feet are warm in the winter & stable on the ice. The lug sole and front 'cap' also keep my feet dry walking through the mud and slush.Had to exchange an 11M, (my normal size for most brands including Timberland) for a 10.5M which Amazon made painless. My correct size arrived in 3 biz days, and fit perfectly. Did have to purchase insoles since there's not enough arch support for me. For the price and overall quality, not a big deal. Considering I wear my boots up to 14 hours a day, changing insoles frequently is a must anyway. Will purchase these again when I need a replacement pair. Highly recommend these boots.
B000XEA5ZI Style and substance This is a serious boot that addresses multiple issues. The front rubber covering the steel toe totally eliminates the scuffing that happens almost immediately when you work in new boots. The brush textured leather delays creasing and scuffing. The best thing about these is the two patches on the tread (one under the ball and one under the heel) that offer a cushioning effect when you walk. I would say these run slightly over size - I could have gone a half size smaller but it leaves room for arch insoles or wearing fatter winter socks. They are heavier than a non-steel toes but feel like they will take a lot of punishment.
B000XEA5ZI Saved my husband Husband messed up toe, need steel toe and shank boots, with these he can still ride, they replaced the medical boot he had to wear.
B000XEA5ZI steel toe boots These timberland boots fit great and are very comfortable.  Im very flat footed and theses boot meet my needs.  I will buy them again
B000XEAA0S I only use Timberland boot. Best steel toe boot I ever had. Had them on the other day when it was 8 F outside and never got cold.
B000XEAA0S Great Boots Hard to believe they are steel toe!  I buy a pair of Timberland Pro Steel Toes every year...and these are BY FAR the lightest.  Very comfortable and durable.  Would definitely buy another pair.
B000XEAA0S 5 stars for durability, brand name, waterproofing, steel toe I researched steel toe work boots for my son who is working outdoors in winter.  I wanted to purchase waterproof and insulated boots but the price almost doubled when looking for steel toe plus all the other features.  So I bought special keep-your-feet-warm sock liners and opted for these boots.  They are heavy, durable boots and while I wish they weren't so heavy, I have yet to find a steel toe work boot that is not heavy.  My son likes these but he is used to heavy boots.  I was wondering about the composite toe work boots and how they stood up to steel toe but my son stated he was not allowed to wear composite toe boots, so I had my answer.  I'll keep my eye out for good prices on insulated and waterproof boots as spring approaches.  Highly recommend.
B000XEACHO Garbage boots I hate to bad mouth a product but these boots are no good I just started wearin mine to work Monday and my tops of my feet are wet and it's not like I totally submerge my feet in puddles. Just basic snow and small puddles. And also my right pinky toe feels smashed by the steel toe would love to get a new pair of boots because these ones suck. But don't know if there's a warranty after u wear them less than a full week. I'm disappointed
B000XEACHO Tough and lightweight These boots are as rugged as they can be for how light they are. I think I may have sneakers that weigh as much as these. They clean up easy, and are one of the more comfortable steel-toe boots I've tried. Also fashionable (in my opinion). But the overall best thing about these boots is the value. I've paid as much for far less quality.
B000XEACHO Steel Toe The guys in our production areas really seem to like this boot. It meets all the Companys requirements and the fact that they are waterproof is a bonus and much needed in production.Regards,Julianne
B000XEACHO Incredible All I need confortable, protect, waterproof, steel toe, good price.Very very quality. im glad with my boots.My friends ask about boots and I explaine all beneficts.
B000XEACHO best deal ever!!!! I have been wearing steel toe boots for well over an 15 years ssand these are the most confortable I have worn for the money....
B000XEACHO Timberland PRO men's 47001 power welt steel-toe boots These are the worst pair of work boots I've every bought.I wore them for two weeks thinking they would break in but the bottoms of my feet hurt so bad I  had  to get different boots.
B000XEAM10 So far, so great. I've been torturing myself for years wearing the cheap walmart/payless/kmart steel toe bricks on my feet. Only to have those things last about 3-6 months and cripple my poor feet. I finally said enough is enough and decided to invest in some real boots. I tried these on at my local sears and couldn't believe how comfortable and light-weight they were. They were on sale and I wanted to get them on the spot, but I checked here at Amazon first and found them $20 cheaper. They arrived quickly and the first evening I wore them out with the family to a restaurant and I kept commenting on how they were more comfortable then my nikes. I've had them about a month now and they are light years better than anything I've had. I work outside as a steel fabricator/structural welder climbing up and down marine craft and these boots have been awesome. If they continue to pass the test of time, I would have no problem buying these over and over.
B000XEAM10 Best all-around steel-toe work boot out there These are the most comfortable, lightest weight steel-toe work boot I've found, and very comfortable.  I'm a general contractor and do a lot of hands-on work myself.  I've bought more expensive boots that were so heavy that your feet would be dragging at the end of the day.  I've bought wally-world boots that were cheap, heavy and uncomfortable.  These are the best!
B000XEAMXS That'll do pig, that'll do! This is my first pair of Timberland boots and, must say, hands down the most comfortable work boots I've ever owned. Boot didn't state anything about waterproofing but I work around water as well as being outdoors and never had a problem with my feet getting wet. Keeps my feet warm as the weather is getting colder. Also, my first composite toe boot and the weight difference is definitely noticeable compared to a steel toe. Normally, my feet would hurt after a few hours of use (even with dr.scholls) but there was no break in period at all. I just wish there was better arch support. Also, I have size 11 feet and had to drop down a whole size for a good fit. Maybe I'll try for a wider width boot for my next pair. But overall, an excellent work boot for the price. Highly recommend this to anyone!  Timberland PRO Titan 6" Composite Toe Boots
B000XEAMXS Comfortable but don't last. I've had 3 pairs of these boots which are extremely comfortable. I have a wide foot and these are the only pair of composite/steel toe boots that work for me. The only problem with these is they do not last. My last pair lasted 3 months.
B000XEAMXS Timberland Composite toe boots The Timberland Pro Men's Titan Composite Toe is a great boot, light weight and very comfortable.  I would highly recommend them for all day comfort.  The black boot was out of stock when I ordered them but well worth the wait.
B000XEAMXS JUNK!!!! I have had many pairs of the steel version of this boot and decided to get composite toe to help keep feet warmer.Well toes are warmer but the eyelets they use on these boots are plastic JUNK and pop apart ........Until they put the same quality eyelets and speed hooks like the steel toe version I will never buy another pair of timberland pro again ...... there is a redwing store local and for the few $$ more you get that top quality on all their boots
B000XEAMXS Light weight Decent boot very light weight unlike steel toe boots. The only thing is the insoles need to be replaced with something a little more comfortable.
B000XEAMXS composite toe my husband loves the composite toe instead of the steel toe.  the shoe fits better..he really likes this shoe. the fit is really good.
B000XEAPDA GREAT BOOTS I'VE USED TIMBERLAND PRO FOR YEARS NOW. THIS WAS MY FIRST COMPOSITE TOE BOOT. THE FIRST DAY OF WEARING THEM WERE CONFORTABLE UNTIL DAYS END. NO PROBLEMS WHATSOEVER. I ALWAYS ORDER THE WIDE VERSION TO ALLOW MORE ROOM IN THE TOE REGION, PREVENTING PINCHING. A VERY GOOD WORK BOOT.
B000XEAPDA Great Boots!! He loves his boots. Couldn't believe how great they felt when he first tried them on. Wore them immediately for work all day and said they were the most comfortable boots he'd ever had, they did not need any break-in time at all. He does not even notice the composite toe which is wonderful compared to steel toes. Very happy with this Timberland boot and a very reasonable price too makes it all the better.
B000XEAPDA Comfortable, sturdy, excellent These boots are very comfortable, light considering their makeup, and are holding up well (though I don't wear them every day). I ordered a few pairs before these, and with the steel or composite toe, the toe box became cramped - that is not an issue with these.
B000XEBTHG Awesome Boots I needed a steel-toe work boot that was waterproof, insulated from the cold and most of all, comfortable.  These boots met and exceeded my expectations.  While we endure the most extreme weather since 1955 here in the Pacific Northwest this season, my feet have been dry/warm/comfortable while working 10 hour days in the wet/cold/uncomfortable elements.  Of course, every foot is different; But if you need plenty of toe-room, good arch support and solid protection from the elements, give this boot a try.
B000XEBTHG Comfortable warm boot I was pretty impressed with the quality and warmth of this boot. It's a bit pricey and heavy but thats a given since its a steel toe.
B000XEEQAI Very comfortable The only steel toe boot I have found with enough room in the toe.  I have bought several pairs of these over the years and they always fit right out of the box.
B000XEEQAI Very Light and Roomy Boots I neede to replace an old pair of Worx steel toe boots that I had bought around 10 years ago, and rarely wear. I visit plants where I have to wear boots, but do not have to in my normal routine. I also have toe nail fungus that makes things a bit difficult sometimes with tight toes in shoes and boots.I got the boots last week and tried them on, wearing them for a few hours. They are much lighter in weight than my old pair, and felt great! I am sure that they will not cause any issues with blisters or toe discomfort when I wear them. They also look very good, which is a plus. I keep them in my car so I can quickly change into them when needed.I would recommend these to anyone who needs a wide boot, and likes to be comfortable wearing them!
B000XEEQAI Comfortable and long-lasting It's hard to find a decent steel-toed boot, which is required for my job.  I've ordered these on two separate occasions.  Very content with the quality and comfort of these boots.
B000XEEQAI Not worth the money I ordered these boots for my husband.  His job requires that he wear a steel toe boot.  These boots did not even last 6 months.  The sole has worn off of them  I would not recommend these boots nor would I purchase another pair.
B000XEEQAI Good boot I spent weeks buying and returning boots before I came across these ones. It's not steel toe or composite so if you go through metal detectors like myself for work it will set them off. I just leave them at my desk at work. The boot has a good comfortable sole and nice soft uppers so it doesn't dig into your ankle. Really didn't need broken in and had a extra wide which was hard finding
B000XEEQAI Really comfortable right out of the box. I put an insole in them to help out being on my feet 8 hours a day, but they are by far the most comfortable steel toe boot I have ever had. Granted I've only had a few so I'm no expert.
B000XEEW9S Steel toe? I'm squeezing down on the front of mine right now and can feel my toes. This is a soft toe'd boot, yet the &#34;title&#34; says &#34;Timberland PRO Men's 26061 Titan 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boot,Black&#34;. Why is it called a steel toe boot, when it has no steel toe? outside of that, it seems like a fairly descent boot, except for a small part on the side of the inside of the boots that rub my feet the wrong way and the really bad insoles it comes with. Had them for about a month now, and keep hoping the indention inside that's pressing against the side of my foot goes away as they break in more and more.
B000XEEW9S Good stuff I have worn Timberland Titans for seven years now; the steel toe, the composite toe, and now that I no longer need safety toes, the soft toe.  These boots resist odor very well IF you have two pairs to rotate.  Keep in mind I have "Timerland feet." Anything in a 12 from this mfgr. fits me perfectly.  These are definitely the best non-Red Wing work boots made, in my opinion.
B000XEH2JA the most sweet these boots were at my house in two days. they are the most comfortable boots i own and  you cant tell they are steel toe. they are very light.i wear a 10 1/2 in nike but these boots a 9 fits me perfect. will buy again
B000XEH2JA Great boots. These are the most comfortable pair of boots I have ever owned. I was a little leary of the safty toe, I've worn boots with steel toes before and they are horrible, but you don't even notice its there. If your on your feet all day and you are required to have boots do yourself a favor and try these out.
B000XEH2JA Great Product My job  requires a laced boot that covers the ankle with a steel toe.  Electrical protection is also a real bonus.  The boots I have tried before were heavy and difficult to break in.  These boots are incredibly light and they were comfortable the first time I tried them on.  I have been wearing them now for a month and they just keep getting better.
B000XEH2JA working boot True size, light weight, roomy composite toe, excellent ankle support, soft leather.If you dont like heavy steel toe this is the boot you want to get.Thanks Amazon.
B000XEH2JA Great Boots Really comfortable boots and quick to break in. Able to work all day in these and they're still comfortable. Lots of room in the toe box even with the steel toes.Would definitely recommend them.
B000XEH2JA This is the 4th pair I've owned I found out about these several years ago.  They are the most comfortable boot I have ever owned.  I have owned tennis shoes that are not as comfortable as these boots.  The steel toe box is large and does not rub my toes.  I think they have a 30 day comfort guarantee.
B000XEH2JA Very Comfortable Steel Toe Boots This is my 3rd pair of these very comfortable boots. They are durable, lightweight (for a steel toe), and non-slip resistant. The only problem I have with them is the small tread on the soul. The tread tends to pick up small items that stay in the tread until you have to scrape it out. Other than that they are the best work boots I have ever owned....bar none.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot I have owned these before boots , and will order them again if i live long enought to wear these out.These are even lighter then my last ones with the steel toes.
B000XEIZ7S toe bed slight snug Will keep the boots.  Overall a good fit.  Wish the toe bed was little less snug.  Usually with wear they will give so I am keeping them.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable but not durable The boots fit very well but it only took me a week to wear through the leather at the steel toe.  It's very thin at that point and does not hold up in a work enviornment.  I sent them back and bought red wings
B000XEIZ7S Nice but-- It seems I was able to get a boot that fit my feet through the mail without being able to try them on first which was good especially for a steel toe.  It says they made the toe a bit wider to help with fit of the steel toe.  The boots feel good right out of the box but was a bit disappointed with the waterproof claim.  I did some extensive pressure washing the first day I had them on but my socks were wet afterwards and it wasn't that hot for my feet to sweat that much.  I ordered some sealer for them and will try that but would of thought they would of had sealer from the factory.  I still like the boots and hopefully the sealer will help.
B000XEIZ7S wide enough but... Need insole, and where your big toe sits the padding under pushes your toe up into the steel plate. Only on day two so Maybe it will get better. I hope so for the price!
B000XEIZ7S Best steel toes made I purchased my first pair of these boots in 2005. Last week in July 2013, my sole finally wore in two pieces. I immediately ordered another pair. They are light weight, comfortable with the feeling of not having steel toes. Water proof works very well. Great support.
B000XEIZ7S Best work boots. I have worn this brand for years. They are extremely comfortable. The titanium toe is better than steel toe, not as heavy. Will keep on purchasing this brand until I retire.
B000XEIZ7S Great Comfortable boot. This is my 2nd pair of the pro series with composite toe that I've owned in the past 3 years. What can I say.  They're great. I'm on my feet for 10+ hrs a day 40+ hrs a week. Like all the other Timberland pro series they're light, comfortable and durable. As wierd as it may sound. I sometimes miss the ritualistic feeling of relief I use to get when coming home from work and taking of those heavy steel toe boots I use to wear. I know stupid right. Lol You cant go wrong with Timberland Pro composite toe series.
B000XEIZ7S Needs toe cover Would have given 5 stars but these boots need something over the toe to stop leather from tearing. Other than that there great
B000XEIZ7S great boots ive been wearing this work book exclusively for almost 4 years now.  i work in the water well industry as a repair man. a good waterproof boot is a must, as is the saftey toe.  i believe the toe is titanium, not steel, making for a light weight boot that is every bit as safe as the steel.  they are quite comfortable for me.  i used to wear wolverine until i found these. the leather in the timberland seems better, as on the wolves it used to crack out from constant wet/dry conditions.  i also work on concrete floors in the shop, and this boot again shines there. enough cushion in the sole for comfort without being spongy. oh, the reason i left wolverine in the first place, my local retailer was out of them that day and i needed a boot asap
B000XEKCRE Timberland pro Boots Fast shipment. No break in period needed. Light weigth, very comfortable for steel toe boot. Length and width true. All this said, only time will tell if the boots are worth buying again.
B000XEKCRE No break-in required. Very comfortable boot. A lot of bang for the buck especially where steel toes are required. Wide size availability makes it a better deal.
B000XEKHOC Nice, but heavy Very nice boots but they have some weight to them. They're a bit heavy for a boot without a steel toe.
B000XEKHOC Great boot - no break-in needed - be aware it's soft toe Just got these and put them right on - super comfortable, and no need to break them in that I can tell after wearing them for 3 hours.HOWEVER...and I mention this only because this boot showed up in Amazon after searching for &#34;steel toe boot&#34;...be aware that these are SOFT TOE.  This would be obvious if you take the time to actually read the product description, but since my preliminary search was for steel toe boots, I assumed any result would be in that category.If steel toe is not a requirement for you, these are very comfortable shoes.  Can't comment on durability/lifespan as they're unfortunately going right back into the box.
B000XEKHOC Great boots So comfortable, I could wear them everyday.I wanted a replacement for an older pair that had a lot of cloth in the uppers and did not want to spend a lot. These boots worked out well. I did not need a steel toe or anything else fancy.
B000XEKHOC Wonderful quality boot My husband has been looking for just this boot. He didn't want a steel toe for winter, they needed to be insulated and waterproof. They are exactly as described, even the size is accurate and came in a wide width. He wants another pair in case the winter is bad again next year.
B000XEKHOC Timberland,  Only great things can be said! I've had a pair of Tims about 10 yrs ago  this same style and had them for about 8 years.  I had the steel toe one, but it was very uncomfortable.  then i bought these which are not steel toe but same style and i couldn't be much Happier,  Comfortable to walk on, not as heavy, grease and oil resistant, Very durable Material.  Usually other brands of boots would last me about tops 6 months,  with these I can get years out of it.  Great durable and comfortable boots, worth every penny.
B000XEKIUK great boots i was looking for a good steel toe boot. i have worn looger boots for many years my docter told me the reason my heel was hurting was because of the 2" heels of the looger boots. i saw these boot on sale at my loacl sears so i took a look all they had of d width {mediem} to tight so the first place i went to was amazon and found a wide width for cheaper than sears no tax no shipping. the boots are great fit to size,width ect. i must say walking is a lot better with these then my old logger boots. everything about these boots as said by timberland is true, perfect!! if your looking for a good steel toe boot get these just make sure of your true size and width because steel toe don't give like soft toe. have had boots for six months now no problems will buy another pair when these wear out looks like that will be a long time.
B000XEKIUK steel toe in these requires bigger size The boots are nice so far. Order a size bigger for the steel toe version.I tried on the 12 soft toes at a local retailer to check for fit, as they didn't have the steel toe in stock.  They fit great but when the steel toes arrived they were unbearably tight on my toes.
B000XEKIUK very good boots fit perfectly, love them, wear them all the time, steel toe and very good on the snow and ice
B000XEKIUK great boot perfect fit light weight seems to hold up good breath well better than big heavy boots like chippewa for walking on concrete and steel.
B000XEKIUK comfy very comfy It shipped quick and to the description.  I recommend this product that wants a quality steel toe boot.
B000XEKIUK thanks Five star timberland offer the best protection. I recommend  these work boots to anyone, soft, waterproof and steel toe all in one package.
B000XEKIUK Poor sizing information... I ordered Timberland PRO Men's Direct Attach 6&#34; Steel Toe Boot size 10 2E and received size 10W. The boots fit length wise but are too narrow in the toe area. I ordered the 2E width to accomodate my need for a wide toe area. I decided to wear the boots and to my surprise the boots are not a pro work boot, very light, poorly made sole and heels. The insole is very comfortable and if I received the size I ordered (10 -2E) not the 10-W BS that was delivered I would still have them. I gave the boots to my nephew. Now I have to go out and purchase real pro work boots (Red Wing) that fit properly. I will never purchase a timberland boot/shoe online again. This boot is not what I ordered and refuse to go through the BS again. I do not recommend purchasing these or any timberland products from the half reading amazon vender. Some how, somewhere, some way some simpleton made the mess up and shipped the incorrect width to me.
B000XEKIUK Love these boots!!! I've been wearing steel toes for almost 10 years and they are the most comfortable boots I have ever worn... Great for flat footed people.
B000XEKIUK Thease Boots ..."Light Up" ! This is one cool, comfortable and sexy looking  steel toe boot you have to wear with your favorite jeans. The color is perfect and They also added a few inches to my overall height giving me that manly construction worker sexiness..
B000XEKIUK best steel toe boots i don't usually review stuff, but i thought this one deserved it.  i have had these about 2 months - they have broken it a bit and have gotten very comfortable to wear.  i am on my feet in them for 6-10 hours - running back and forth on a concrete floor, climbing ladders, walking on machinery and steel chutes, etc.  my feet don't hurt and i don't mind wearing them every day.  they aren't too heavy for steel toe boots either, although they make a nice loud sound if you drop them on the floor so they are nice heavy duty badass boots buy them
B000XEKIUK A perfect fit. I bought these for my son for his automotive high school class. The boots fit him perfectly with a little extra toe room. They look very nice and professional. His only complaint is they are heavy. Hey they are steel toed.
B000XEKIUK Very comfortable I am a fireman and use these around the station. The steel toe is very durable but the leather on the boots tends to rip slightly relatively soon. The boots run big, so i would suggest buying them a size smaller and order them in wide as well, they are a tight fit around the sides.
B000XEKIUK Don't Fit Like Other Timberland Pro's Had to return. All my steel toe Timberland PRO boots are a Size 10, but these did not fit. The ones I normally buy have a rubber protector on the front toes and they are wider and fit perfectly unlike these.
B000XEKIUK Great product and workmanship I've owned a few pairs of these books - my first pair is almost all black from grease from working on cars and trucks and dropping tools and parts on my feet without feeling a thing with the steel toe. I have another pair for when I ride my Harley because I can ride assured my feet are protected. I had a pair where the sole was separating from the boot and Timberland replaced them no questions asked. Also used these when I worked for a moving company and developed a habit of resting heavy furniture on my steel toe so I could keep an item off the floor should I need to re-grip or rest.
B000XEKIUK Best work boots ever Great work boot . buy a new pair every year. I always put on toe protectors  as  the leather will rub off on the steel toe if crawling around on concrete at the job site . Great boot !
B000XEKIUK WOW! Impressed by my First pair of Timberland Boots! I haven't yet worn the boots outside, but just walking around the house on the carpet the Timberland Pro Direct Attach 6'inch steel toe boots feel like I am walking on air.  The sole's are very thick giving the feel of thick comfortable cushioning when i walk. The outer leather material is top quality.  The shoelaces however are thin and do not really allow you to properly tighten the boots on your feet. I plan to replace the laces as soon as I can get to a Foot locker or Academy Sports.  I am really looking forward to wearing the Timberland Pro Direct Attach 6'inch steel toe boots on my Motorcycle.  I bought the Timberland Pro Direct Attach 6'inch steel toe boots as a 2nd pair of riding boots for my Motorcycle (MC).I already have a pair of Steel toe Harness Boots for riding my MC. They are my dress up boots when I am riding, The Steel toe Harness boots look fantastic BUT they are very dressy.  I go the Timberland Pro Direct Attach 6'inch steel toe boots because they have a more hardcore MC look to them.  Plus, I didn't want to always be in my Steel Toe Harness Boots when I am riding, as they were several hundred dollars and I don't want to wear them out.Currently, out of the box, in the house, the Timberland Pro Direct Attach 6'inch steel toe boots are amazing.  I will UPDATE this review after a few weeks of MC riding.
B000XEKIUK Solid, Dependable, Comfortable I'll start right off with what I didn't like and kept these from 5 stars so I can go into detail with why I still recommend them above any other boot I've worn. They are on the chunkier side in terms of sheer mass compared to some other steel-toes I've worn. The good thing about a less bulky boot is that you have greater ease moving in them and they feel more natural. There's also an aesthetic argument about the cartoonishness of big boots, however hopefully you're not thinking of steel-toes for the aesthetics. Also, having holes instead of hooks for the top 2 loops is a minor pain. You just have to lace-up every time you put them on.These boots are exceptionally comfy. They run a bit narrow, but they have excellent support and are tight without cutting off circulation or giving you bruises. I'd chalk this up to the extensive padding. I wore these boots all day the first time I had them and felt better than most good days in my old boots.The soles for these boots are thick. They'll give you 2 inches. If you're on the shorter side like me, it's a bit of a blessing. They're also secured against electrical surges so you don't get fried if a live wire drops on a treadplate you happen to be standing on. The grip is nothing short of excellent. I haven't had the chance to try it on snow or ice yet, but it holds on dead leaves and slick pavement. It makes the clunkyness bearable.They are also waterproof up to your ankle due to tight stitching/seams, and a sewn-in tongue. Doesn't seem helpful until that puddle was a little deeper than you thought. Whoops. These boots will ensure your socks are still warm and dry. When it's 37 out, that's kind of a big effin' deal as our VP once put it.The steel on the toe is thick and the weight gives you some comfort when you hold the boot in your hand. It will save your little piggies should you suffer the misfortune of having something heavy land on your foot. That's kind of the idea.On another note, on at least one instance in my life I was glad of having a pair of steel-toes as I sat at a bar with a friend in a rough area. The bouncers had metal detectors. We went back to the car and I dropped off my SOG Trident that I typically carry and my buddy dropped off his Smith and Wesson. Point is, in a pinch, a steel-toes are like brass-knuckles for your feet that can't get taken off you due to a metal-detector. Stay safe out there.Great pair of boots, can't go wrong with them. I got them for $100 and was pleased as pie with the arrangement.
B000XEKIUK My new favorite boots Well built, long lasting and comfortable. They are lighter than most steel toe boots. For under $100 I couldn't be happier.
B000XEKIUK Timberland PRO Steel Toe Boot Timberland PRO Steel Toe Boots are waterproof, lightweight, and they fit nicely.I require such a sturdy, steel-toed boot for my work. The price was exceptionally lower than other retailers both online and in stores.
B000XEKIUK Saved my toe from devastation! Only a few weeks after buying these boots (well mad, fit well, comfortable, the whole nine yards...) I dropped a pretty big concrete block with all kinds of rebar sticking out on every side of it RIGHT ONTO MY FOOT!  Needless to say, I'm very glad I paid the extra dough for the steel toe - without it I would be writing the review from the seat of a wheelchair!
B000XEKK94 Made for men, but more than comfortable enough for women! I'm a woman and owned a pair of Timberland classics in the past, but they were clunky and too narrow in the toe area making them hard to walk in and remain comfortable. The backs dug into my ankles as well. These Pro Direct model Timberland are sooooo comfortable....I highly recommend them to both women and men....I bought the soft toe boots, but they have steel toe ones as well. The soft toe are perfect for both my work and personal life. A+ boots! Flexible, padded, warm and waterproof!
B000XEKK94 Fits perfectly I will recommend anyone looking for soft toe boots to get it. I do actually have the steel toe version. Timberland rocks!
B000XEKK94 Good for the price Wide compared with my old similar Wolverine shoes tho they were steel toe.  Better a little large than small.  The soles are very aggressive and pick up a lot of mud and are hard to rinse.
B000XELF3O GREAT Boots I buy a pair of these every year for work. They have electrocution hazard protection and steel toes. Some of the lower Amazon ratings say the steel toes pinch-get the 2E (Wide) width like I do-problem solved. I have a freakishly hard landing on my heel when I walk, so the heels wear out in a year of use. Normal people should get two years easy. I think their classic lines and dark brown color look good too. I love these boots!
B000XELF3O Nice boot. I originally ordered the 9 regular and they felt way tight, especially in the toe. I didn't think the steel would stretch out (obviously) so I tried the 9 wide and with thick socks they fit great. They are actually a very comfortable boot. I haven't had them out in inclement weather yet but will assume they will hold up well.
B000XELF3O Awesome boots These are the most comfortable boots I have ever had.  I have very flat feet so all boots hurt a little especially if they have steel toe.  These boots hurt for a total of 30 minutes.  I have never been this comfortable at work before
B000XELF3O Very Comfy! I bought these boots a little over a year ago and still love them.  They have lasted thru the abuse that I gave them and still work great.  If you have never owned a steel toe boot just be aware that they are heavier then a non-steel toe boot but you get used to it very quickly.
B000XELF3O Affordable and Comfortable I recently needed  steel toed boots for an internship at an engineering/machining facility and finally decided on the Timberland PRO Pitboss. This is my first pair of steel toed boots so i unfortunately have nothing to compare them to. That being said, the boots are great. They took about two full weeks to break in. They now feel amazing and are more comfortable than most of my other shoes.I usually wear 12-13's and the size 12 fit perfectly with a little toe wiggle room. I recommend that someone wears very thick socks as the inside above the ankle rubs terribly. It is the only problem I have had with these boots and it has only gotten better as time goes on. As durability goes, I have not had to do any laborious work with these yet but i am more than confident that they will stand the test of time.Overall these boots are extremely comfortable, durable and affordable. They are well worth the money and i highly recommend them.
B000XELF3O Best steel toe for the money Been shopping for a pair of sturdy work boots for a few weeks, and after shopping around the local stores, was about to accept that I'd be slapping down over $130 for a pair. Luckily I thought of Amazon before hand, and thank god. These boots are perfect. They're not pretty, but they're not supposed to be. They're comfortable, they break in quickly, and they keep your feet safe.
B000XELF3O Great Work Boots Got these boots to wear every day to work. I am a manager and do a lot of walking around the office as well as the workshop area so the steel toes are a great added sense of security for me. The grip is good, the fit is good when you lace them up properly. I am still breaking them in but I can feel them getting more and more comfortable as the days pass. I put in some insoles yesterday and it made a world of difference after 10+ hours of wearing them that day. I live in a tropical climate and even with the steel toe and black color they breathe well enough with cotton socks. Love these boots and I am glad I added them to my work wardrobe, might even consider wearing them casually before they get worn out too much.
B000XELF3O Strong, well made construction boots but not for concrete floors I have used the Pitboss 6&#34; boots for several weeks on 100% concrete floors. They are really strong boots. However, the steel toe makes them heavy and there isn't much in the boot for cushioning against the concrete. The boot is pretty stiff due to the leather but I'm hoping it will loosen up over time.For now, I have switched to a much more comfortable pair of composite toe combat boots from another shoe maker that are great on concrete. I do plan to use these boots around the house and garage.
B000XELF3O Timberland pro Men's 6 inch steel toe boots Nice. Last a long time comfortable and very safe. These boots last a long time are comfortable and keep your feet safe.
B000XELF3O My work boots I just replaced my 3 year old timberlands with a new pair of steel toe pit boss's and am pleasantly surprised the only thing is they took about a week to get worn in until they started feeling comfortable. But now that they are worn in they feel great..
B000XELF3O Tap dancing in hell I don't normally rate products but out of the thousands of products I've purchased from Amazon this steal toe boot was so awesome I decided to give you 5 minutes of my time.I work in the oil field where steal toe boots are required. My last two pair of boos always made my back, feet and ankles hurt. The Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boot,Brown/Brown,10.5 M  felt so wonderful I could go for a jog after a 12 hr shift. I will only buy this boot from now to eternity.
B000XELF3O Tough Shoes I wear these for paint balling and shooting, which may not be the best decision for agility. But I love these. They are sturdy and I know they can take a beating, and with the steel-toe, I know I can get rowdy with them.
B000XELF3O Good Workboot Good for work.  Needed steel toe boots for my job, and these boots fit just as expected, and are comfortable.
B000XELF3O Bought them at sears but wanted to share a review for potential buyers First and foremost, these run narrow in width and in the steel toe box. Th steel toe box is wide and ample enough but the height is what is narrow. Your toes will feel very snug and immobile if you wear thick socks. The width of the shoe creates a problem for me because of the way the insoles and midsoles are designed. The insole is very thin, and underneath in the midsole you have a PVV Nylon shank for protection. The problem with the shank in this particular boot is that near the heel on the right side of your foot, the shank contours above the insole to the outer edge of your foot. If you have a wide foot, the edge of the Nylon PVC shank will pinch the outer right side of your foot, since that portion of your foot is resting directly above the edge of the shank. I exchanged the medium widths with the wide versions and still had this problem, only now I had other problems, the heel was a bit too loose and the heel would slip causing friction and pain on my heel. For standing on concrete floors, these boots are torture for my feet. After an hour or two, my outer foot was in excruciating pain from the PVC shank pinching it. Unfortunately, this cannot be solved by breaking them in, PVC Nylon shank cannot be "broken in". I find it odd I had this issue since I've worn steel toes for years and with steel shanks instead of Nylon, and never had this problem.The only solution I found was adding inserts to the boot, but when I did that, the pinching was indeed gone, but the steel toe box felt even tighter nearly pinching my toes. To remedy this, I bought the thinnest possible soles I could find. Now They feel okay but I have to wear them with thin socks to avoid toe pinching from the steel toe cap. I wanted to like these boots since everyone claims they are great. Maybe they are, but not for my feet. I'll continue wearing them and whenever they give out, I'm investing in more expensive boots and never buying these again.
B000XELF3O To be steel toed, it's a comfortable pair of boots Timberland makes great quality work boots, and this style (Timberland pro's Pitboss) is another good example. The fit is just a little snug, but after a couple of weeks wearing, they fit great. The sole is very soft, which is great for standing and walking on concrete for 8 hours every day, and the steel toe has plenty of room. I will, and have recomended them.
B000XELF3O work shoes shoes fit great ,don't even feel the steel toe. squeeky soles can be a pain . i guess you can't have everything.
B000XELF3O Hurts Steel toe digs into your foot.  Absolutely no room to mover your toes.  Came in a plain box, not a Timberland box.
B000XELF3O Perspective I served in the military and was required to wear steel toe boots for years. I went through nearly a dozen pair during my time in and so I am picky when it comes getting the right fit because I know how these things will &#34;beak-in&#34;. The cup on these was too narrow in the D fit and that is not something you can change. The rest of the boot was extremely comfortable but the cup is the reason you are buying steel-toe.
B000XELF3O GOOD BOOT I NEEDED SOME NEW STEEL TOE BOOTS FOR WORK AND THESE FIT THE BILL. VERY COMFORTABLE AFTER THEY GOT BROKE IN. THEY ALSO LOOK NICE. I WILL BUY THEM AGAIN WHEN THESE WARE OUT.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro 6" steel-toe The boots were a narrow fit.  Too tight across the ball/top.  That's not the real problem however.  These boots were used.  Scuffs on the toes and steel shrouds imbedded i the soles.  Clearly used!  Very unusual for Amazon.  Must have been put back in inventory by mistake.  The rating is a reflection of being sent a "used boots" rather than the quality of the boots
B000XELF3O What great boots! I was on the hunt for a good pair of steel toe boots...never had them before, but was necessary for my job! I had no idea what was good or bad other than going by the reviews...these boots came up first class in my book! These are built like steel, are light weight for what they are and actually more comfortable that I expected...NICE!!
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot My husband loves them! They are better than Red Wing, or any of the other pricey brands he has tried
B000XELF3O Just ok mediocre The ankle part is a bit tight bit overall they fit fine. Steel toe not as high as I expected.
B000XELF3O High Quality Timberland Boot Very comfortable, been wearing these all day while clearing out large patches of land. Highly recommend these to anyone that works outdoors, especially if it's around items that hurt your foot. Steel toe is a must.
B000XELF3O Good steel toe boots. Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss  are very good steel toe boots. They are fairly comfortable for steel toe boots, but definitely not as comfortable as my regular Timberlands. That isn't unexpected though. They fit and are sized very well. I ordered a "10W" and mine fit as it should. Padding is average, but build quality is excellent. They also look good, and the steel toe doesn't stand out as much as it does on some other steel toe boots. For under $90, they're a good deal too.
B000XELF3O Sturdy and heavy I REALLY like these boots. Reminds me of my military-issued steel-toe boots. Being steel-toed, they are heavy, but very sturdy.
B000XELF3O comfortable and clean looking work boot. Excellent both in comfort and fit / fiinish design.  Surface is more of a flat matte finish for those who like that look as well. Able to wear this with business casual and still have the steel toe protection I need around heavy equipment day in and day out.
B000XELF3O Best workboot on the market This is my third pair of these over the last decade. Great work boot that can be worn all day with no discomfort right out of the box. The steel cap is well positioned so you never notice it is there until you go to kick something or your toe gets hit.
B000XELF3O Dangerous to feet First of all ....TIMBERLAND made in Dominican Republic!!!!Steel toe can be felt through very very thin fabric, steel toe edge is very sharp and rubs creating HUGE blisters on both big toes within 2 days....created extreme pain.Defective, lack of care or quality control or just cheaply made....who knows?I'm told that Timberland used to make a Great Boot but nowadays they have slipped into the let's make $ , don't care about quality. SHAME!!!
B000XELF3O Pitboss 6" Steel I had tried this boot on in the store so knew what to expect. I was not disappointed. Great fit and feel.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro men's pit boss boot Awesome shoe.! Very comfortable for all day wear.  Steel toes offer added protection but do not take away from being a very comfortable boot. Woth the money!
B000XELF3O Comfortable & Safe These are great Steel-Toe work boots!They are very comfortable and I have no problem wearing them daily.The design of the boot seems flawless and I'm very certain they won't wear out as easily as previous boots I've had.
B000XELF3O Quality made steel toes with comfort in mind!!!! Not all shoes are created equal.  Steel toes included.  I have worn other brands of work boots from different price points.  But these Timberlands fit like a glove.  I work for a major freight company ( I won't say which one) and I am on my feet all day.  The padding in these boots provides much appreciated comfort for my feet.  They are not too heavy either.  These boots are as tough as can be.  I  like that there are hooks at the top instead of holes.  I highly recommend these boots.  At retail stores you can easily pay over $100.  Which is to be expected for the name brand.  But I got these for under $75!!
B000XELF3O timberline pro are great and comforable Igave 4 because metal shank at heal where it comes up on sides was cutting into heal solved by putting in an insert. I work in the shoes at lease 11 hrs a day and because they are a little loose it allows my foot to spread instead of cramped in a tight shoe also prevents steel toe from cutting into the sides of your toes like others I have tried very satisfied.
B000XELF3O Comfortable, steel toe a little tight The size 9.5 m fits as expected, but the steel toe feels a little close to the top of the foot.  I have found, however, that it does not bother me after wearing it for a while.
B000XELF3O The best work boots I have ever worn. I have been wearing Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boots for 5 years now. I've been working in machine shops for 20 years and tried many different brands of work boots and these in my opinion are very durable and comfortable. $40 cheaper at Amazon.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable These shoes are very comfortable.  These timberland pro men's pitboss black Steel toed workboots look good and have been sturdy thus far.
B000XELF3O timberland pro pitboss steel toe comfortable strong boot very reliable might get another pair soon tons of great features all in all an awsome buy
B000XELF3O Great Boots I work on a concrete floor all day and steel toes are required. Don't buy the $20.00 boots at your local big box store, they won't last. These are the best I've found after much trial and error.
B000XELF3O great boots Excellent fit and extremely comfortable. These are steel toed but still can wear with comfort everyday beyond work place everyday.
B000XELF3O Comfortable boot This was my first pair of timberlands and for steel toe, Rey truly are comfortable and would highly recommend them to anyone working on the trades!
B000XELF3O great boot true to size and width - would buy again. not as good as some $400 boots but for the price range you cant beat em.  other steel toes ive dropped alot of money on and the steel toe hurts or digs in but not with these. cant stress that enough. only buy steel toes that meet ASTM standards or you are just throwing money away.
B000XELF3O Really good steel toe boot... I'd have to say after finally finding the right steel toe boot, these are the winner! I purchased the wide in this same type and they were too wide. If you have a wide foot like I do, get the 9M's as they have sufficient room in them. I am on my feet all day and they are very comfortable. I only gave them 4 stars as they say slip resistent and I slid a bit over soapy water on concrete not too log ago.
B000XELF3O These boots suck I work on a construction site all day and these boots kill my feet. the steel toe rubs and causes blisters. Padding wares out quick. Dont buy them.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot,Black,11 M Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6&#34; Steel-Toe Boot are an awesome boot. The biggest plus I found with these was the waterproofing already done. All I had to do was lace them up and wear them and they are perfect. Keeps your feet dry in snow and low water while being pretty comfortable. Might be a little warm for warmer weather but I will have to see that when the time comes. Would definitely buy again.
B000XELF3O Best work boot I ever purchased.. I can't remember how many years I got out of these boots but it is probably a little over 4 years.  I wear them every day in a wood shop, on the job site and everywhere in between.  They break in within a few days and are tough as hell.  I use my boots as tool,  with the steel toes.  Supporting interior doors on the toe while I cut off the horns, use the steel toe to make "adjustments" to framing or something else I need to nudge.  These boots remained comfortable up to the end.  The bottom sole gave way the other day on my left foot as I crouch dozens of times a day while working with mouldings.  I can't even guess how many ten's of thousands of times the sole of this boot was bent at a near 75-90 degree angle when I crouch.Needless to say, I am very happy to see this boot is still available in the same configuration as it was.  I wouldn't even think about buying another boot for work.  If it wasn't for the fact that at some point I sliced through the leather on the steel toe, I would probably have these re-soled.  I still might and have a pair to use as a spare.
B000XELF3O Whata Deal! I needed some new boots and I kinda have a thing for steel toe these days. I was replacing some old worn out Doc Martens I got from ebay that were always a little too big and got to be painful and heavy, i just thought thats they price you pay for steel toe. Not the case with these babies. They have that great Timberland comfort that just holds your foot nicely and you can't feel the steel in the toe either, after wearing them for 6-8hrs a day. If you tie them too tight up top, it can strangle your ankle and dig the tongue in, but they don't need to be so tight in the first place.
B000XELF3O tims steel toe boots so comforable and love the brand i would by another pair. i would defenatly reccomend the tims to a friend.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot My husband wanted the same pair of boots for work that he has gotten at Sears for years.They are the same and they are $20-$60 less.Will order again in the future.Shipping was quick.
B000XELF3O Perfect Work Boots Bought it for work use and it has served me well.  It took me awhile to get used to the boot as it took a couple of days to break in and I have never owned a steel toe boot before.  It has taken lots of punishment from the past two months and its still going strong.  Hopefully it lasts me a couple more years.
B000XELF3O These are garbage, wouldn't reccomend to anyone I work on a farm so I am pretty rough on my boots. Despite that, I would have to say that these are by far the worst work boots I have ever owned.Pros:-The steel toe is pretty wide. I have pretty wide feet and thought they fit well-The steel toe is extremely strong. I dropped all sorts of cinder blocks and heavy steel pieces on them and they didn't even bend-The soles are really tough. I've stepped on quite a few nails and they haven't gotten anywhere close to going though.-The "27/7 Comfort Suspension" was pretty comfortable(...while it lasted)Cons:-The "27/7 Comfort Suspension" lasted about a week-The leather started ripping soon after-The soles started to squeak with every step I took with them (which irritated me to no end)-The eyelets started popping out of their holes which made lacing them a mess-The boots are about as waterproof as a spaghetti strainer. (I had a pair of Georgia Boots that were so waterproof that you could fill them up to the brim and they wouldn't leak. These started leaking as soon as water hit the laces.)-The leather started to crack-After 6 months, they were basically ruined.-Not worth the money
B000XELF3O great good steel toe boot, not too heavy. I normally get a size 12 when buying Timberland brand but with Pitboss model 11.5 is perfect and still has room for heavier socks. I've purchased at least 4 pairs of the 6&#34;Pitboss model and several pairs of the low-cut Mudsill
B000XELF3O Timberland Pro Men's Pitboss 6" Steel Toe Boot In Wheat color. This boot is very comfortable, great looks, and the color was nice.  It's great for any job that requires wearing of a boot that's steel toe, non-slip, oil resistant, and electrical hazard protection from open circuits.  Also another great feature, it brings a lining that's anti-microbial. it's a great boot.
B000XELF3O Excellent boots I've worn these boots for about a week now and at first it was causing uncomfortable friction with my shin, but I'm starting to break into it and it is getting more and more comfortable. The style of this boot is A+; it's the best looking steel toe boots around.
B000XELF3O Feels like I'm wearing sneakers! Great work boots, would recommend to anybody in the construction field. You will be happy with this purchase, guaranteed. They don't feel like there steel toe that's how comfy they are.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Pitboss These boots are great.  They are very comfortable to work in especially if you are on your feet all day like myself.  These are the best steel toed boots I've owned.
B000XELF3O Just didn't work for me I purchased these in the wide width for obvious reasons. The only problem I found with them is only the soft part of boot is wide. The steel toe cup is still the standard width. I have a ingrown toe nail because I've been wearing standard width ST boots. I tried these boots for 1week and had to return them. The toe cup squeezed my toes causing pain.If these were soft toe they would've been perfect.The only boot maker that has wide toe cups is RedWing. They have a new line out that is called king toe. These have made a huge improvement of the others I'tried.
B000XELF3O Timberland Boots Are The Best I purchased these Timberland Steel Toe Black Work Boots for my son.  They are such a wonderful value for the money.  They are so well made.  Where other steel toed boots are uncomfortable these are comfortable from day one.  He armour alls them quite often and this keeps them looking good.  And, they do look good.  These would make wonderful boots to just wear as casual wear because of their look and comfort.  You just cannot beat Timberland's quality and Amazon's price!  Thanks Timberland & Thanks Amazon!!!!!
B000XELF3O seems good I bought this item last month and sent it back the day after. Because it didn`t fit my foot and it is a bit heavy. But the boot seems nice and comfortable. I will offer another boot which is bigger and without steel-toe. If you don`t work in heavy business, I don`t advise you to buy steel-toe, since it makes the boot heavier.
B000XELF3O Nice Bought these for my son. He loves them and wears them all the time. Comfortable, steel toe and holding up well.
B000XELF3O Heavy and Narrow These boots looked nice but were very heavy compared to other steel toe boots I've had. They also felt narrower than other Timberlands I've had in the same size. Keep in mind the steel toe will not allow any stretching in the toe area.
B000XELF3O Work boots Bought these for work because I wanted a quality made steel toe. Wow is all I can say. I wear these things and am on my feet for 12 or more hours a day and no fatigue. It took a bought a week to break them in but once I did they fit like a glove. Seems like a durable boot but I guess only time will tell. Will update after 6 months wear and tear.
B000XELF3O Good sturdy boots The steel toes take up extra room, so if you've never tried this brand on, be careful of sizing.  I ordered a size larger than my husband normally wears and they fit him well.  This is our second time buying Timberland Pitboss.  They last about a year when worn 3-5 days a week for heavy work.
B000XELF3O Good boots Work in a body shop and they hold up good steel toe helps a lot overall they are worth it
B000XELF3O Timberland boots are the best Husband loves the quality of the boot. Get one size bigger than you would normally wear for extreme comfort due to the steel toe.
B000XELF3O Good boot Sturdy - steel toe - comfortable. Also has lace hooks at the top for easy on/off. I order a new pair at least once a year.
B000XELF3O timberland pitboss 6" steel- toe boot yes. i love it this timberland Pro pitboss 6&#34; really awesome and comfortable . whole day wearing also feel comfort.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot,Black,11 M Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot,Black,11 M.  A very nice, sturdy, and comfortable pair of boots. The Pit Boss is everything a work boot should be: Safe, tough and really comfortable.
B000XELF3O Timberland Steel-Toe boots These boots came brand new as said, came pretty quick, and I also purchased them at a reasonable price!! I'm so glad I ordered these online instead buying some work boots at the store..they were given as a gift and so much appreciated!!
B000XELF3O Very Uncomfortable Solid boot that looks good but good lord are they uncomfortable. The heel of the boot just shreds the back of my ankle. They're supposed to be steel TOE, not steel heel giving me blisters
B000XELF3O Best boots I've ever had These boots are great.  I was hesitant to get a steel-toed boot because I figured it would be extremely stiff and uncomfortable. But I really needed a steel toe because heavy stumps tend to fall on my feet when I'm out cutting wood. So I got these, and they turned out to be more comfortable than a lot of boots I've had that didn't have a steel toe. They also seem extremely well made. I got them for around $100 and feel that that's a bargain. If I lost them tomorrow, I'd probably be willing to pay twice that to get another pair.
B000XELF3O Comfortable to wear but heavy it is It's really comfortable to wear and for the first couple of days your feet have to get to fit it and then it's cool.but considering that the front inserted with steel toe, it's a little bit heavy.
B000XELF3O great work boots I purchased these boots specifically for work because of the steel toe.I always buy Timberland pit boss.They seem to be the most comfortable boot for the money and wear well
B000XELF3O Yes sir I like them I guess. Best steel toe boots that I have had. But its still kind of a tallest midget contest.
B000XELF3O Great Boots Very comfortable and durable.  I would highly recommend these for daily use.  Not good for winter months though.  Steel toe gets too cold.
B000XELF3O Pretty good but heavy I got these shoes last week and they took some getting used to..like most shoes that need to be broken in I guess.I was surprised at how much they weighed, especially since the product specifications stated that they weighed a pound.These definitely weigh more than a pound, probably because of the steel toe. I haven't worn a safety shoe before so I cannot compare it to other steel-toes shoes but I like them so far. they do feel heavy and I'm still getting used to the weight, but I like how solid they feel and the grip they seem to have even on smooth floors.So far so good. I'll update my experience after i've used them for a while.
B000XELF3O nice quality boot from a brand name company fits right on size.  comfortable to be on my feet all day even with steel toe construction.  hoping these last awhile, i'm happy with my purchase.
B000XELF3O Quality that you can trust. These timberland boots are the high quality that you expect from Timberland.  They fit well, are very durable, and with the steel toes you have some confidence that if you slip a foot in a place that can hurt you, at least you have a chance.
B000XELF3O PRICEY... but worth the expense I was very pleased with the performance of these boots. They are warm and quite comfortable. The availibilityof the steel toe made them more attractive.
B000XELF3O light weight wide with fits great around steel toe needs a better insole the plastic form that holds the insole can be felt at the arch
B000XELF3O Great, Comfortable Boots I had to buy boots for going onto construction sites to set up software for clients and needed a pair of steel toe work boots (all kinds of regulations about hard hats and safety equipment on construction sites, blah, blah). I wanted something that both looked nice and were comfortable to wear for 12+ hours at a time. These fit the bill perfectly. The toe box does not interfere with my foot in any way while providing the steel toe protection I needed, and they look good under a pair of jeans. They are comfortable enough to wear all the time, if need be.
B000XELF3O Boot Great boots. Fit just rite. Hopefully they'll  take the beating coming to them. Look good also and steel toe helps to.
B000XELF3O Great Buy! Very happy The most comfortable pair of boots I've worn, hands down. And for under $80, it's a win-win. Toes are a little snug with the steel toe, per usual in many steel toe boots. If that's a problem for your foot shape they offer wide sizes as well.Bottom line -Great buy
B000XELF3O Mechanic work boot I'm a mechanic and these boots are perfect. I like the non slip sole's, really helps when there is oil or coolant on the ground. The electrical shock protection is an added bonus. Being a steel toe, did not notice a big weight difference as compared to the non steel toe. I will say the steel toe tends to run a bit small compared to the non steel toe and the boot itself is a little narrow which is perfect for me, probably a &#34;B&#34; width, if you have a wide foot a EE would be the way to go, unfortunately most the retail stores local to me did not carry the EE. Normally I wear a 10-10.5 in regular shoes but a 9.5 in these boots was perfect with the steel toe. I tried on all kinds of different manufacture boots, including red wing, wolverine, craftsman, etc....these were the most conferrable for the price. Would have given them a 5 star but wanted to see how long they last first.
B000XELF3O Back relief and comfort I have been wearing Timberland Pro steel toe boots for over 10 years.  These are comfortable and help your back if you are on your feet like I am all day long.  These boots may be steel toe but they are not cold to wear in the arctic cold of Michigan.  These boots last me two years before I need replacement.  Amazon is the only place to get these boots at a rock bottom price.  Keep it up!
B000XELF3O Great work boots. I work at a lumber yard and bought these so I don't have to worry about stacks of lumber crushing my toes anymore. The steel toe keeps you from feeling anything that hits it, but is positioned so that the boot can still bend so crouching down is comfortable. They are very comfortable even after walking around for a 9 hour workday.
B000XELF3O awesome boots i bought these boots over a year ago to wear while doing yard work. i've worn them for that purpose and for many other things (including light construction/deconstruction). these are some of the most comfortable boots i've ever worn. my feet never hurt or are overly tired after wearing them for a few hours and the steel toe has saved me a few times.  the eyelets and strings are still going strong and have no signs of wear/tear. the sizing is pretty true-to-size, in my case anyway.highly recommended.
B000XELF3O Steel toes are not normal sizes WARNING If you're new to wearing steel toes - get steel toes one complete size bigger than you are used to and get thick socks, otherwise you will be in pain city, I learned this the hard way.I usually wear a 10.5 or 11 wide, but I got these at 11.5 wide aka 2(e).The price is about 50%-100% better on amazon then at my local shop and it's the same exact product.Just get the shoe a little big and use thick socks , everyone else shopping for these already knows the deal. - also these are probably the most comfortable insoles ever devised, bar none. After 3 months of 12 hour work days with no days off the only thing that felt good at the end of my day were my feet.Completely worth it.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Steel Toe Boot I work many hours on my feet; I fine these Steel Toe shoes very comfortable, foot support is very good. These shoes are well design for my feet; I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone who takes their feet serious.
B000XELF3O Best steel toe boot They are comfortable to wear all day... I walk a lot in my job and my feet does not get tired... Takes about a week to break it in but well worth it..
B000XELF3O Very comfortable These shipped very quickly and are very comfortable, I would recommend these to anyone that needs steel toe boots .
B000XELF3O comfortable but toe box is same as walmart boots Description states boots have a roomier toe box,but it seems normal to me. I can feel the steel toe on my right foot which is a problem for me with steel toe boots.
B000XELF3O pitboss 6" steel toe by timberland pro33032 i had the boots about 4 weeks now and it is a very good boot. but the soul is very hard have to get used to that but over all the boot OK.
B000XELF3O Great work boots! In my line of work I am required to wear steel toed boots and I am sure glad to have purchased these boots!  Great to wear and quite lite on the feet unlike other steel toed boots.
B000XELF3O Very Nice Good Quality and PriceNice choice!Next time I will buy this one againTimberland Pro Men's Pitboss 6'' Steel-Toe Boot is PerpectThanks
B000XELF3O Great Boot, Tight on the Toes. I really liked these boots when I got them: tough leather, thick non-stick soles, and easy to lace up. They fit my feet like a glove - except for my small toes. The steel toe cup is narrow and after a week of pinched toes I sent them back for 1/2 size bigger without a steel toe. Kinda roomy now but I'm a happy customer!
B000XELF3O Hopefully they NEVER stop making these! These boots are the most comfortable steel-toes ive ever come across!If your job requires Steel toes, these are the ones to get. Very comfortable, very durable.This is the first pair ive bought, and these are going to be the boots I buy from now on! Ive had them almost 2 weeks now, and theyve held up well and have been extremely comfortable the whole time.
B000XELF3O Great boots, they do run just a bit larger than the soft toe version. These fit well and are very comfortable, they run about a half size large i think, i had the same boot in a soft toe previously and they fit absolutely perfect, these are just a bit bigger, but i can see why being steel toe.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable. Great all purpose boot.  Steel toe, waterproof, comfortable enough to hike in.  Timberland PRO's compare with boots priced at $150-200.
B000XELF3O i find these boots very comfortable i always have worn a size 10.5 during working hours or out in the field .the steel toe never bothers my toes, and the leather exterior is supple and strong. the high ankle length gives me extra support and protection .i am very satisfied with this well made product .
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss 6" Steel-Toe Boot Not a bad boot.  Requires some breaking in for comfort....but not long.  Haven't had them long, but everythings good so far.
B000XETJU0 Do not but these All I wear for work is Timberland, and these are the worst ever.  First I bought the steel toe and the steel digs into your feet. Plus they came in a plain box.. not a timberland box. Returned them for these and they are terrible.  They hurt. I bought expensive insoles.. still hurt. I can tell that they wouldnt last more than a few weeks on the job site, even if I could wear them. Problem is now that I did wear them to work I can not return them and I will never wear them again. Wont be shopping here again.
B000XETJU0 Great pair of boots Own two pairs of these boots, soft and steel toe. More comfortable than regular shoes. These boots can take anything
B000XETJU0 great boots these are very comfortable boots. love em. i also own a steel toe pair for work. i highly recomend them.
B000XETJU0 Great Fit Have bought at least 6 pair of the Pit Boss in Steel toe. I don't need the steel toe anymore so I went with the soft toe. These are some of the best wearing comfortable work boots I have owned. I like them because they don't have an agressive lug sole that picks up a lot of mud. I used them in my home repair business so I used them mainly for work. Like all shoes they wear out but they take a lot of abuse. I have never owned Red Wing or the more expensive work boots I could never justify the cost. Amazon has the best price.
B000XETJU0 Very comfortable and sturdy I researched boots and boots before selecting the Timberland PRO Men's Pitboss. Even Timberland has so many models to choose from.  Based on the review, I selected this model and I am very satisfied.  I am normally a 10W and so I ordered the 10W and it fit just fine with boot socks.  No breaking in was necessary; after several hours on my feet, there was no discomfort.  I like the toe as being very sturdy even though it is not steel (for which I have no need).  The eyelets at the top seem very sturdy and not likely to pull out or bend.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots Timberland is the only work boot for me. I have a set of steel toe and soft toe. Both get the job done.
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Mens s pitboss 6" soft-toe boot Timberland PRO Men` s pitboss 6 soft-toe bootYou have to gow back to rubber sole.At -20c the boot are dangerus they are to slipyUlSigernes
B000XEVJJO Timberland PRO Men's 50501 Expertise LT Steel-Toe Work Boot,Dark Grey,10.5 Timberland PRO Men's 50501 Expertise LT Steel-Toe Work Boot,Dark Grey,10.5 nice sweet fit kinda light perfect for work awesome! i recommend these guys
B000XEVJJO Timberland men's Expertise LT Hiker Steel Toe These boots were never comfortable and they wore out much quicker than I expected they would.  The top area around the laces is where it started wearing out first.
B000XEVJJO Poor Quality The Quality of this boot was questionable at the onset. The size 15 W looked a bit odd right out of the box, the toe of the boot, where the steel cap is located, appeared like it was pinched down to accommodate a toe cap for a size 10 M boot. They felt ok for about three weeks then I began to notice blisters on my small toe I guess the padding was wearing through. I took a closer look and found some unusual conditions for a work boot that had less than 100 hrs. use. Shredding, tearing of lace and loops and great deal of erosion of the sole. I was hoping to replace my 5 year old Converse steel toe work boot, but I&#8217;ll look to a company that has a higher level of quality than what I&#8217;ve seen in this &#8220;work boot&#8221;. They&#8217;re in the trash now, not even enough life left in them to donate to a charity. Why 2 stars: I liked the looks of them.
B000XEVJJO Timberland pro Men's boot I purchased these steel toe hiker shoes for my husband to work in.  He is a welder and is on his feet all day long.  These have been the most comfortable shoes he has had for quite some time.  He may burn through them a bit faster than work boots, but the comfort is worth it.  I will purchase these again on a regular basis.
B000XEVJJO steel toe Very comfortable, relatively short time wearing them until they are comfortable, broken in!Good for work in rugged terrain and very good in hot weather too.
B000XEVJJO great work boot i have tried many and this one is simply the best. great on a wet or dry surface steel toed yet lightwieght.
B000XEVJJO best steel toe I'v worn got here early, they werent a pain to break in. they are so comfortable and light i wear them all the time. they do better than my rockies in the snow as far as walking and they arent too cold either wich suprised me being a steel toe and all. the heel is a little high for my liking but i dont even notice now
B000XEVLF6 Wonderful feeling steel toes The fit and finish of these shoes are so far holding up.While I'm at work, my job requires me to wear steel toes all 12 hours of my watch,I also am at work for 28 days at a time, so these shoes get used more by me than most.I'll definitely use Timberland again for my next purchase.
B000XEVLF6 Excellent Stuff Timberland PRO Men's 61009 Mudsill Low Steel Toe is an awesome safety product.Size fits as expected.Too comfortable.Additional,Mudsill have following features:1.TIMBERLAND PRO RUBBER:Heat Resistant,durable,great slip,abrasion and oil resistance.2.ANTIMICROBIAL: Treatment to prevent and control odors3.STEEL TOE:Withstand upto ASTM F2412-05,F2413-05,I/75&C;/75 impact.Tempered Steel Toe Cap providing people in hazardous work environment.4.ELECTRICAL HAZARD:Meeting ANSI Z41PT99,ASTM F2412-05&F; 2413-05 standard -PROTECTION AGAINST OPEN CIRCUIT.Though the stuff is MADE IN BANGLADESH but overall quality is EXCELLENT
B000XEVLF6 Best order ever Fit right out of box. Even with steel toe, they are light and airy. I like the style and color. It really is nice to get exactly what you ordered. Delivery was especially fine. Cannot say enough good about this order.
B000XEVLF6 great shoes the most comfortable steel toes I've worned * * * * * * * * * * * * *
B000XEVLF6 pleased purchaser I have to wear steel toe shoes at work. I'm on my feet all day. I had previously purchased boots. They were uncomfortable, and heavy. They didn't fit me well, as I have a narrow foot, ankle. I wear a size 15, so it's harder to shop for. I am quite pleased with my purchase of Timberland PRO Mudsill Steel Toe Shoes. They fit me perfectly, are much lighter, and are quite comfortable. It's good to know where I can get my next pair.
B000XEVLF6 You won't regret them! This is my 5th pair and you can't beat the price verses Bass Pro shop or Cabelas. Amazons got them beat by $40 dollars. Solid steel toe tennis shoe...
B000XEVLF6 Awesome shoes! I replaced some 20 year old Timberland boots with these for around the house work.  I am extremely impressed with these shoes, as I use them for all of my outside work around the house.  They are extremely comfortable, and the steel toe protection is a nice feature too that has already paid for itself.  I'm a Timberland customer for life!
B000XEVLF6 extremely comfortable work shoe Shoe is very light, like the fact that it looks like a sneaker, however has excellent tread, and has the protection of the steel toe.
B000XEVLF6 Very comfortable for all day wear These are very comfortable shoes and well worth the money.  I shopped quite a bit for good work shoes with plenty of support and these are it.  The steel toe is positioned so that the edge doesn't feel like its cutting into the top of my foot.  The oil and slip resistant soles work very well.  They do tend to be a bit squeaky on polished floors, but thats the only negative i've found about these.
B000XEVLF6 Excellent I enjoy the comfort of these work boots and the security that the steel toe provides.  They are light and yet very strong.I was also impressed with the quickness of my delivery.  I am in Afghanistan and my shipment arrived to me in 6 days.  KUDOS to the shipper!!!!!!!!
B000XEVLF6 Good work boots I like these work boots for the comfortable fit, steel toe, durability/quality of materials, laces that don't come untied every ten minutes, and general appearance. My only complaint is that they feel very tall, like they have a huge sole&#8230;but maybe that's just what you get with steel toed boots. Overall, I would buy these boots again if I needed to.
B000XEVLF6 nice alternative first time using a low cut light weight steel toe. not for the rough work I usually do but very comfortable in end phases of a project where the steel toe is administrative rather than necessary. surprisingly light and yet durable.
B000XEVLF6 Comfortable and light These are some comfortable and light shoes when compared to other steel toe boots. Nevertheless, I own some other timberland steel toe shoes that are, by far, more comfortable. I would recommend these shoes without hesitation, but I would suggest that you also try the timberland mudslingers.
B000XEVLF6 Nice Boot Alternative They are a lot lighter than expected...perfect for my more office than yard job that required steel toes...unfortunately the upper suede where the steel cap ends has worn through in a year...I stoop and squat a lot at work...still going to get another pair...
B000XEVLF6 Ok, but a bit tight Despite the fact that I'm size 12, I requested 12W knowing the steel toe will take space, still, I can feel these shoes a bit fit.
B000XEVLF6 Awesome Steel toes These are some of the best steel toes the only thing is one of the hooks for the laces broke but still cool
B000XEVLF6 Go 1/2 size bigger I work in warehouses 2x a week and I'm usually running from one end to the other for hours on end.  This shoe is my favorite I've seen after 5 years.  They are great because they have steel toes and they are a drag because they have steel toes.  Steel toes equal both protection and no movement.  First pair I bought I should have gone a 1/2 size bigger.  They are true to size but I just need more give/take in the toe that a normal shoes affords me versus a steel toe.Overall they are great, breathable, always have traction, and provide cushion to my blown knees (5 operations).  Buy with confidence but might want to go to Academy Sports (if you have one) to try them on first.
B000XEVLF6 Very stylish for steel toe bought for my guy. he had ugly brown ones. these are a different change with same effect. looks great with jeans and he says they are very comfortable after a few days of breaking in. Would buy again for sure
B000XEVLF6 Great shoe These shoes have very little break-in time and are very comfortable.  Good support on concrete, and look good too.  It's hard to find a decent looking steel toe, but these do the trick.
B000XEVLF6 Work shoes with finess This shoe is very comfortable and worth every penny. Also they are very light with a bit of style to be steel toes.
B000XEVLF6 Steel Toe Shoe I have only been wearing these for about two weeks now but am very happy with the shoe so far. It required no breaking in period and unlike most steel toe shoes/boots, these actually have arch support and cushioning in them. I actually did a 40 minute speed walk in them after work one night and they were comfortable. The tongue is attached to the shoe so there's no issues with it sliding around. It's too early to know how they'll hold up in the long run but I'm hoping they last me around a year.
B000XEVLF6 awesome low cut steel toes. First 2 weeks break in for me.  But after that awesome.  I will be buying 2 more pair soon.  I love the low cut and steel to combo.  I wear these shoes everyday to work which happens to be on construction sites.  I'm very picky when it comes to footwear that I need for work.  I can wear these all day for 15 hours on my feet and very comfortable.
B000XEVLF6 Great shoes Fit comfortably, I could have these in all day without any issues with my feet. Best steel toes so far.
B000XEVLF6 Third Pair I've Purchased I work 8-14 hours a day, standing and walking on concrete; these are the most comfortable steel toe shoes I have found. I put a pair of gel inserts in about every three months and have lately had to add the heel inserts for plantar fasciitis. These do run just a tad tight, but break in well. The heel seems to be the weak point. They resist water well, and look great even after a year of heavy use. Highly recommend, if you have to have steel toes.
B000XEVLF6 steel toe Very comfortable, relatively short time wearing them until they are comfortable.Good for work in rugged terrain and very good in hot weather too.
B000XEVLF6 Great work boot. Great work boot. They fit well n are comfortable. Only the steel toe feels a bit heavy but all is good. Will buy again.
B000XEVLF6 Timberland PRO Men's 61009 Mudsill Low Steel Toe Oxford,Sapphire Love this boot. Best fit and all-around comfort. I would and have recommended this boot to my co-workers and friends. 100% satisfied.
B000XEVLF6 Excellent quality Comfortable and long lasting. This is the second pair I have purchased. Stay looking clean. Last longer than most steel toe shoes. Wear well.
B000XEVLF6 Very good, strong and comfortable These shoes fit me very well, they are soft and comfortable and do not look too bulky as some other steel toe shoes. I like the design, rough but refined.
B000XEVLF6 Great steel toe shoe Loved not having to wear high water socks any more for work. Simple ankle socks with a light weight steel toe shoe.
B000XEVLF6 Comfort and protection. It's Timberland or nothing for me. These are the best of both worlds, steel toe and low top.  Every pair of Timberland boots I buy are for work, but I end up wearing them around the house. They are that comfortable. It's a shoe I can be active in and it gives great protection.
B000XEVM50 Awesome. I do remodeling and this shoe is comfortable and durable. Concrete and demo work is no problem, steel toe great.
B000XEVM50 Very comfortable pair of steel-toe shoes! I am flat-footed and use half-inserts, which, at least in my case, does not require that I remove the insoles. That said, my best experiences with steel-toe shoes over the past 20-years has been with those that are of the tennis-shoe style. Other styles of steel-toe shoes that are my size (or closest to my size) never fit correctly. I've spent a fair amount of time in the Timberland PROs, walking on a factory floor---and even shoveling snow from my driveway---and they are very comfortable. Traction is good, also. Big thumbs up!
B000XEVM50 Toe box not roomy. Unfortunately the toe box was on the narrow side of comfortable.  Length wise they were okay.  I returned these and got a pair of Timberland Titans in a 9W, and am very pleased so far.
B000XEVM50 Work shoe They fit like they are supposed and the steel toe is in the toe.  What more can i say. Also they are black
B000XEVM50 It's wider than most At the steel toe it's still a bit tight.... Normally a 2e is slightly big....  Definitely no the case this time
B000XEVM50 LOVE MY TIMBERLAND'S I really love these boots.  Fit perfectly and very comfortable.  Only (slight) downside is inside both boots where the steel toe ridge rides against the area where my little toe fits.  Not a drastic irritation just slightly uncomfortable but bearable.  I think this is common in many steel toe footwear.  Would easily rate these boots 9 out of 10
B000XEVM50 Very light and comfortable Very comfortable for steel toed shoes.  I have worn them for extended periods with no discomfort. I have wide feet and normally have problems with steel toes. These are also very light weight foe steel toes, so travel better.
B000XEVM50 Great pair of steel toe shoes I am now on my second pair after running my first into the ground after 2 years. These are the most comfortable steel toe shoes that I have ever owned. No need to break them in or get use to them. Other brands can't compare in style and comfort (I've tried Wolverine, Worx, Cat and Converse). The only down side is the construction on certain areas doesn't quite hold up to heavy abuse, but will last long enough to get your money's worth.I had to replace them do to tearing at the seems in the steel toe area, rubber toe separating and the back heel padding being nonexistent (mostly my fault for being lazy and sliding them on and off). But these shoes paid their dividends in protection and comfort, so I had to buy another pair.I give them 5 stars due to the comfort and protection. I am not going to knock them down for my constant abuse. They lasted a solid year before starting to show signs of wear and tear.
B000XEVM50 Great shoes! I've always liked wearing boots that were at least 6&#34; or higher but I must say that these shoes are a welcomed change.The steel toe does not hurt my feet and they give me good support .
B000XEVM50 Comfortable, but after 8 months they're done. I purchased these shoes in March 2011 to start a new job as an IT contractor.  This job involves a lot of production warehouse work and I typically walk 2-4 miles per day in them on the job. Make no mistake, these shoes are very comfortable and I will say for certain that the steel toe worked wonderfully on the unfortunate day a co-worker let their end of a very heavy UPS drop about 2 feet onto my foot. I didn't even feel any pressure when it hit; saved broken toes for sure.  This was was a definite pro.However, now that some time has passed, the shoes are mostly destroyed.  Like others I found the inside heel and lining to rip easily and spread quickly once ripped.  This began around month 3.  At this point (month 8) there are 3-4 holes on the outside of both shoes and a split where the steel toe ends on the left side of the right shoe (incidentally this is not the shoe the UPS was dropped onto) and chunks of the upper leather have flaked off on both shoes.  I am disappointed that a shoe in this price range is not even going to make it a year.TL:DR : Comfortable, steel toe worked well, fell apart in 8 months.
B000XEVM50 Great Buy for a comfortable Steel Toe Shoe After wearing these shoes for two weeks I'm very impressed. I've wore Several other brands and so for this is a winner. They are so light for a steel toe shoe. I really like the aggressive sole compared to my past shoes. They broke in very fast with little discomfort. I'm hoping they last at least a year and I will be very satisfied.
B000XEVM50 Comfortable and light (1 year Update) The best steel toe shoe I've bought for work so far. I've gone through maybe 7 pairs of steel toe shoes. I'm 25 now and fairly heavy for my weight. I usually tear up shoes really easy at work. I work 10 hours a day at the airport so I do a whole lot of walking, bending, standing, and heavy lifting. I'm very surprised how light these are. They almost seem lighter than my running shoes! Very breathable as well. A lot of room to wiggle my toes around. I just bought these so I couldn't say for sure how long these will last me.The last pair of shoes I had wore me down at the end of the day. Back hurting and feet aching to where you wanna go home and rest. Once I got off work after wearing these though I felt I had more energy to do more things afterwards. Surprisingly comfortable even without Dr. Scholls or whatever comfortable foot inserts. The look of them really makes you wonder if these are made for hiking because they have a lot of tread on them. These might be a little expensive for you, but I guarantee you get your moneys worth. I definitely recommend these if you do a lot of walking and standing. 5 stars.It's been over a month since I purchased these and they still feel brand new to me. I can definitely tell my back has improved and the girlfriend has noticed I'm not as grumpy when I get home so there's been improvement on both sides! I've noticed there's no wear at all inside the shoe and out (except for the bottom of the shoe of course). I also forgot to mention I'm on concrete all day so it's expected the bottoms will wear down a little more than usual. Overall if you've been browsing for a comfortable, breathable, light, and durable steel toe shoe these are it. BUY THEM! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!I am finally retiring these bad boys and reordering another pair. They lasted me a little over a year at work and I'm very impressed of how well the treading had lasted. I will still use these veteran shoes for other uses besides work related stuff. I'm highly impressed. Thank you Timberland!
B000XEVM50 Steel toe uncomfortable Experience pain where the steel plate is located - not comfortable, but must wear them as they are probably not returnable after being worn (only once).
B000XEVM50 Well built, but not comfortable My shoe size is 10M, (I am an average size male 180lbs, 5'11&#34;)  so I bought these timberlands in a 10M.  Two things dissapoint me about these shoes. 1) the opening of the shoe cuts into the bottom of my ankle bone, which causes irritation; and 2) the steel toes pinch the sides of my feet, which causes irritation.  My advise is go to Red Wing and get a quality steel toe shoe that you can depend on....you'll pay for $$ for them, or you can buy these Timberlands and pay for it with sore sore feet at the end of the day.
B000XEVM50 Great low top steel toes Great low top steel toes.  Better for dolly work than boots.  Lighter and more flexible than over the heel boots. Very slip resistant.  Medium water resistance.  Good in light rain but will not keep you dry in heavier downpour.  Ive gone through 2 pair a year for the last 3 years.
B000XEVM50 Best heavy duty work shoe ever !!! Mud sill is durable and surprisingly flexible -No " steel toe stiffness" like other shoes - tuff construction and breathable liner materials - grip tread soles for rough or slippery terrain ( esp ladders and steps ) this is the steel toe shoe for the mobile on your feet for 8 hrs or more worker !!! A+++++
B000XEVM50 GREAT THIS STEEL TOE SHOES ARE GREAT LIKE ALWAYS GOOD QUALITY AND COMFORT FROM TIMBERLAND AND COME WITH A SATISSFACTION GUARANTEED GREAT SHOES REALLY WORTH IT
B000XEVM50 Great Work Boots These are very comfortable and you have the steel toe protection. I wear these daily at work and will continue to buy them as needed.
B000XEVM50 Great work shoes! Very comfortable for steel toe. Would also work for hiking or outdoors. Easy to put on and get off, great traction.
B000XEVM50 Very Good Very good quality leather, solid, comfortable and a lot lighter than any other steel toe shoes.I would certainly recommend them.
B000XEVM50 Great work shoe good price The fit is perfect and for a steel toe shoe they do not weigh your feet down like some others do
B000XEVM50 Great grip and comfort They gig grip the steel and are very comfortable to wear on concrete for kind periods of time. The steel toe has already come in handy while working on the arena floor
B000XEVM50 great low key boots loved them still have them and they're still fairly comfortable.  I cant stand wearing the boots that you have to dip your whole leg into so I was thrilled to find these steel toe low cut boots and none other than the Timberland brand what more can you ask for?
B000XEVM50 Great Shoe! Very sturdy, well built steel toed shoes! Would recommend to anyone looking for a low profile steel toe.Shipped fast, all packaging included.
B000XEVM50 Most comfortable work show I've ever owned. For a steel toe safety shoe, these really rank high up on the chart for comfort. I have wide feet so it's extra hard to get shoes that fit, let alone steel toes. These are light, they breath, yet still meet the requirements of my job.
B000XEVM50 nice shoe! Came fast, fit great love the steel toe and the look of shoe! so far so good two 9hr shifts on a concrete floor and feet felt fine. There also so  pretty  light!
B000XEVM50 Not flexible Narrow and rubbed toes against steel toes.  Timberland generally has great products but not up to their standards this time.
B000XEVM50 Wide feet may get pinched by narrow steel toe piece. Very comfortable for the first 2 weeks then I started to feel the steel toe cap rubbing on my little toe. I have wide feet so if you are blessed with big &#34;paddles' like my you might want to check out other brands.
B000XEVM8W comfortable and affordable work boots. if you really want more for your buck look no farther...they are light weight meaning they don't feel heavy on your feet they are very comfortable and they are steel toe ...they are worth every penny you spend on them
B000XEVM8W great :-* best pair of steel toe shoes ive ever worn and they fit perfect and came on time. Also picking a size is a little confusing but i picked 10 m anf they fit great.
B000XEVM8W Timberland steel toe This timberland steel toe work shoes is great.Many of my co-workers are asking about this shoe and the amount of grips it has. So far it is comfortable on my feet and nicely cushioned like a sneaker.The sole is very flexible as compared to some other brands. I recommend this shoe for all who are into construction,electrical or involved with some work which requires safety.
B000XEVM8W I hate steel toe shoes! These are great from the moment you put them on.  No break in and more comfortable than my sneakers.  Very light weight.
B000XEVM8W Comfy Despite being a tad small. it is still quite comfy to wear. Steel toe caps are fantastic to have and great for around on construction sites.
B000XEVM8W Very comfortable Timberland PRO Mudsill Steel-Toe Lace-Up's up are the most comfortable work shoe I've ever worn. They are also lightweight for a steel-toe shoe. They definitely don't look like work shoes either. The look more like quality hiker's. I'm happy with my purchase and would buy them again.
B000XEVM8W Good shoe shotty build. So i bought these steel toe shoes to where at work.  Turns out the only thing steel about them are the toes.  I don't know why anyone would make a shoe that didn't have atleast the top two laces made of steel also.  I just broke them today so i'm a little bitter about it..
B000XEVM8W Nice shoes They are strong and steel toe is great for protection. I also like the grip the sole has. They are comfortable.
B000XEVM8W Steel Toe Sneakers They are exactly what the man I ordered them for expected!  Being an employee in a metal shop, the steel toe is necessary.  The light weight of the sneaker makes them a great summer alternative to the heavy steel toe boots.
B000XEVM8W Excellent work steel toe shoe These are well made. I work in Retail Grocery and have to have the steel toe when operating heavy equipment but also enjoy the athletic feel of the shoe. Great for protection and comfort
B000XEVM8W Great work shoe at a great price. I am on my feet for 9 hours a day at my job as a printer.  I own a pair of Tim boots and have had them for 10+ years so I went with these for work, which require steel toe shoes.  After the initial break in period which lasted maybe a week I am very pleased with the comfort and breathablilty of the shoe.  Not as heavy as most steel toes, these shoes are great for someone who's on there feet a lot  but not in a heavy duty workplace.
B000XEVM8W Dose its job I bought this shoe a week agao and i dont have any complaints for it tred works great for my work, i work at sam's club tire and battery shop, they have great traction really tough dont have to worry about tires dropping on my feet now they seem like they will last me a long time and they are pretty comfortable for steel-toe bottom line is if your not used to steel toe then they take a bit to get used to but once you do they are amazing :)
B000XEVM8W Extreamly comfortable, but the inside won't last much. The size is perfect, and they feel natural after using them for a few days, even with the steel toe. I've been using them for more than 3 months now, every single day, and unfortunately there are already holes in the inside on both shoes. As others have commented, these shoes are extremely strong on the outside, but weak on the inside.PROS:-Steel-toe.-Extremely comfortable, I can't feel the steel-toe at all.-Fit as expected.-Tough outside, after months of constant use, I can barely notice damage on the outside.-They look great (at least in my opinion).CONS:-Weak inside lining, if will be full of holes in a few months of intense use.-They are kind of hot. This might not be a bad thing on a really cool day, but you can't wear them during summer.Overall I give them 4/5. If you plan on using them 3 or 4 days a week, then they will last longer, but if you plan on using them every single day, the interior won't last long. I'll still be using them, and I'll update this review when I can't wear them anymore.
B000XEVM8W Excellent These have to be some of the most comfortable steel toe shoes I ever bought. Prior to buying these I was getting callouses on my feet from prior cheap walmart and target brand steeltoe boots. I can wear these all day and theres no need to break them in. I cant even feel the steel toe part there just wayy to comfortable.  Money well spent... BUY THESE ASAP!
B000XEVM8W Love them! Shoes are comfy and look great.  They're perfect for what I do at work, I only wish they came in more colors.  It's hard finding a nice steel toe boot that looks great and isn't too bulky.
B000XEVM8W Good for the price For the price of the shose I think this is a good deal. However, they are not the most comfortable steel-toed boots. I am a technician that occassionly visits industrial plants that require steel-toed boots. I bought these because I was tired of paying the outrageous price of Wolverine and other similar boot vendors. I will admit in the case of shoes, you tend to get what you paid for. If you are using steel-toed shoes/boots daily, go with a more premium brand (Wolverine, red wing, cat,etc.) Most of these brands price at double, but I would imagine with heavy use they last twice as long or longer with better comfort. Shipping and packaging from Amazon was quick and reliable as usual.
B000XEVM8W Needed bigger toe box because of toe rub right where steel toe starts Great shoe for construction work, but I have to order one size bigger for steel toe shoes.I would recommend to friend.
B000XEVM8W these are my regular work shoes. Wear is generally good. I do wear out the toes, which I would any steel toe. Sides stay in but as I abuse my footwear will leak eventually. The blue grey ones are vented and cooler than these if that is a consideration for you. I would pay $25 more if they were US made.
B000XEW60K Timberland I really liked this shoe but I had to return it because I mistaked it for a composite toe. I work in the nuclear power industry and must have composite toe to pass metal detector.
B000XEW60K nice looking boots excellent steel toe bootssize is little to big so if your size is 12 get them 11 n halfvery comfortable shoes steeltoe ,waterproof
B000XEW60K Great shoes! I always buy these shoes for the reason of being built tuff and having a no break in period. Most comfortable steel toe, slip on shoe you can buy.
B000XEW60K Timberland Pro! To my disappointment, shoe flopped up and down off my heel and the steel part of shoe rubbed across top part of foot, otherwise, a great-looking shoe for a steel toe!
B000XEW60K They are ok. They were easy to take off and put on just exactly the way I wanted them to and still fit my feet ok. I also like the grip they have. However I only gave three stars because after about a month of owning them the front leather wore right down to the steel toe, but if you do light duty work that wouldn't put them through to much abuse then I would recommend buying them, if you do heavy duty then I would look for a sturdier pair of shoes.
B000XEW60K Comfy for steel toe shoes! Great price on Amazon, good looking pair of shoes that are very popular in my plant.  Comfortable, but they feel a little bigger than the size.  Good shoe though!
B000XEW60K very pleased I bought these for work I hate bending over to tie shoes and being in the steel business hauling steel ,climbing up and down off the truck I don't need a shoe string to come untied to trip over  and take a fall
B000XEW60K Worth the price I needed a pair of steel toe shoes for work, and since I have to dress up I could not see getting stell toe boots,  So I saw these and ordered a pair in black and brown and they are so comfortable.  I am on my feet 7 hours a day or more and work and these shoes are so comfortable.  Plus there is no hassle tieing or untieing them.  They rock!
B000XEW60K heavy, fits a little loose for a 9.5 It's OK, pretty heavy but that's what you'd expect for a steel toe shoe.  I am still breaking them in, so I expect the comfort to get better over time.
B000XEW60K Whew!! still wearing them!! no complaints here!! I work inside a warehouse that requires steel toe.This really helps!!
B000XEW60K Steel Toe Slip On I unload trucks for my job and decided i needed to get some steel toe work boots after i managed to drop a 150 pound package on my foot. So i needed ones that were slip ons because we have to go through a metal detector in and out of the job site. I have been wearing them for about 3 weeks now with no complaints about comfort at all. my only complaint about them at all is that the leather around the steel toe is getting all tore up because it cant flex with the steel toe behind it, but obviously not the products fault. only other complaint is that they are kinda ugly but who cares its a work shoe and its comfortable and practical. Use some saddle soap on it to clean them up and make the leather last longer.
B000XEW60K Don't trust the size This is 3/4" longer heal to toe, than my two older pairs of steel toed shoes of the "same" size. Make sure you find them in a store to try on before you order them. Its very unlikely you will get a pair that fits, and have to pay for the return.
B000XEW60K not very wide for ee I would prefer this in a composite toe rather than a steel toe, as the toes are not very wide for a wide toe.
B000XEW60K Steel toe work shoe Was a little tight at first like most but after a day or so very comfortable n not to heavy for steel toe work shoe
B000XEW60K Very comfortable I wear these shoes for work and they are on my feet for at least 8 hours. They were comfortable and my orthotics fit well.  I highly recommend these shoes.  My only negative would be the weight, but the steel toe accounts for that.
B000XEW60K On my second pair now! I use these at work when I have to wear steel toes to meet safety requirements. They are fairly comfortable (for steel toe shoes), and very speedy to put on. Excellent for the job!
B000XEW60K Great shoes! This shoes are exactly as described.  The 2E width fits very well and the steel toe shoe meets my job requirements and are much lighter and more confortable than boots for the summer months.
B000XEW60K Timberland Pro Steel Toe slip on I don't know of any steel toe shoe that is comfortable - all day long. This one makes it easier to do a quick change when I need a steel toe shoe.
B000XEX67M Awesome Design The boot is ankle high and has great support. It has a small heel. The steel toe protection runs from the tip of your toes around all five toes and up to the met guard which is steel plate covering the entire forefoot. There is no gap between steel toe and the met guard. When you put on these boats, you feel the whole top of your feet are protected. The boots are also comfortable to wear.
B000XEX67M Not a boot for welders I bought these boots a while back. Took a couple days to break in, no biggie. However, I work in a structural steel plant, and after a couple months the sparks from welding and torching really did a number on the stitching on top of the toe. If you're a welder or do a lot of torching, look for a different boot with either rivets and hidden stitching, or else a seamless toe.
B000XF04LM Better than expected I sometimes have a hard time finding steel toe shoes that don't hurt my feet.  These fit well and are actually quite comfortable.
B000XF04LM great quality, durable, and comfortable I am required to wear steel-toe shoes, but have wide feet with a high arch which means that many steel-toe shoes and boots are very uncomfortable. These are very comfortable and hold up to my 10 hour workdays doing deliveries in all kinds of weather (including snow). I have also owned a brown pair and except for the color, they are exactly the same. I definitely recommend these shoes. This is my third pair and I plan to continue buying them.
B000XF04LM Great boots for a construction site! These boots have saved me three times!  I work on a major multi family project.  I have had 3 nails go through the sole but not break the skin.  If I had any other shoe, I think I would have had several holes in my foot.  Also, I the steel toe has saved me once.  Well worth the price.
B000XF04LM They are good but sacrafice durability for comfort. I have worn these boots every day at work for a little less then 6 months, they are definitely not worn out but they are more worn then I would have hoped for a pair of work boots.  The leather is very soft and as others have said the sole of the shoe is made of that spongy rubber not the hard, heavy-duty rubber that most boots have.  The only real problem i have encountered so far is that the leather on the toe has many deep gashes in it due to the steel toe;  even lightly catching our toe on something hard will tear into the leather because it gets smashed between the the steel and whatever you hit.
B000XF04LM Trying Shoes instead of boots My husband always buys the Pro Series steel toe work boot.  Since summer is coming, he wanted to try steel toe shoes to see if they would be cooler to wear.  We shopped our local shoe store "Super Shoes" and researched price online.  Amazon pricing was  $26 less and shipping was free with my Prime membership.  Although he loves the Pro Series for comfort, the boots themselves have an issue with the sole cracking in the bend of the foot beneath the toe.  Every pair he has had have done this. So, he gets about a year out of them.  The steel toe shoe is not quite wide enough on top of the foot, even in the wide.  The wide width is mainly in the toe area on these shoes.  The boots are wide on top of the foot also probably because they lace further down the foot than the shoes.
B000XF04LM Confortable Safety Toe is easy on your feet, better that the steel toe, if your jobsite doesn't require steel toe this is the way to go
B000XF04LM great shoe most comfortable shoes I own even though they are steel toe shoes.  I've owned 2 pair.  My first pair lasted 4 years.
B000XF04LM Love it! The shoe is not as heavy as most boots that are steel toe so less fatigue.  Fits great, The extra wide is just that and even stretches a little as they break in.
B000XF04LM VERY COMFORTABLE I had a cheap pair of walmart steel toes before purchasing these shoes and I hate myself for my buying these sooner! Very comfortable and have that nice dressy look to them. I work in an active warehouse so the finish/shine wore off pretty quickly, but that was expected.
B000XF04LM Comfortable I initially ordered a pair of slip on Steel toes. Later exchanged for this item. Very comfortable shoes. Light weight for a steel toe. it has an awesome cushion, my usage is 8-9 hours a day, concrete floor. Just like dress shoes.Worth the price..
B000XF04LM great shoe very comfortable I am on my feet all day and so far these shoes are very comfortable especially for a steel toe shoe.
B000XF04LM Strongly recommended! Second pair owned and I have never owned a more comfortable steel-toe work shoe. Low cut is cool for a warm environment. Wears excellent in snow and rain also. Well worth the money for this shoe.
B000XF04LM steel toe shoes My first experince with steel toe shoes; certainly heavy and you can feel the top of the shjoe against your foot.  I am not sure how this shoe compares to similar shoes.
B000XF04LM Comfortable right out of the box Not the most stylish of oxford steel toe shoes but they are comfortable right out of the box. Overall appear to be made well and priced well. The Timberland PRO 30 day comfort guarantee was a nice feature as well although I doubt I will be needing it.
B000XF04LM Mine lasted about 7 months. I wear through the leather that covers the steel toes on every pair of steel toed shoes I've ever owned. So, in about 7 months the steel toe was showing but everything else about the shoe remained serviceable. The shoes were comfortable.If you're like me and have duck shaped feet, real wide across the toes and narrow through the arch, then know that you'll have to lace these up tight. I've found this to be the case with every pair of shoes that I've ever bought and these were no different in that aspect.
B000XF6L7I Not really waterproof Pretty comfortable boot at a decent price for a steel toe. They don't stand up to water very well. My feet were getting wet after about a month of use. The leather at the toe crease cracked and deteriorated rather quickly.
B000XF6L7I Not a bad boot Boots run small, had to exchange it for a half size larger.  Purchased the boots for work during the colder months, but the insulation is a little lacking, especially in the toe area.  Not much available for insulated steel toe work boots that look decent, gonna have to double up on the socks.
B000XR2GN4 Comfortable good fit I'm not certain how well these will last yet. But I've got a year out of the steel toe pair. Wore them for work welding/fabricating standing 5 days a week on concrete. These new boots are same fit same great comfort and upon inspection I have no reason to feel they won't last as long. Time will tell if I find out they are not good I guess I'll update then.
B000XR2GN4 Will be ordering a 2nd pair Would recommend this product to anyone that stands on their feet all day for construction work but doesn't want a steel toe work boot. Have been worn on a daily basis since received with no complaints.
B000XR2GN4 great boots great boots My old pair lasted me for 3 years.. but I sent these back cause I needed steel toe
B000XR2W1U Great Steal Toe Boots This is the first truly comfortable pair of steel toe boots I have ever had, I wear them even if I don't have to, they were great with zero break in time and wore them on 13 hour shift the next day. Amazing traction, very warm. I am now a big fan!
B000XR2W1U Perfect!!! These work boots are lighter than traditional steel toe boots and are comfortable & durable. These are my second pair and will continue to use them as long as they make them. Highly reccomended if your job requires steel toe boots!!!
B000XR2W1U The Best workboot I have worn. These are steel toe boots but you would not believe how light they are.  They are padded good around the ankle and they are comfortable and light.
B000XR2W1U boots with room I'm a landscaper. If my feet aren't comfortable, neither am I. Real work boots for working people in the real world. True C/D width, snug ankle for support, steel toe for protection.
B000XR2W1U Finally - comfortable boots! I ordered these fully expecting them not to fit and to hurt my feet.  I had tried MANY MANY pairs of steel toe boots from $60-$400 but none fit.  I decided to try these after reading reviews and I was elated.  I have a bunion and the steel toe usually hits my foot where the most pain is felt.  I recommend anyone who has to wear safety boots that needs a wide size to try these.  I wore them all day yesterday and not one complaint!
B000XR2W1U Must Have My current job requires me to have steel toe boots so naturally I did a little research and found the Timberland Pro women steel toes. I orginally placed an order through another website and they sent me a notice telling me, my order was not going to be shipped until at least December, so I went ahead and cancelled the order and came to Amazon and to my surprise the shoes were in stock and $30 cheaper. I tried them on and they are by far the most comfortable steel toe boot I have ever owned.
B000XR2W1U very satisfied I've been required to wear steel toe boots the past 33 years. These are the most comfortable boots I've ever worn.Thanks, Phyllis
B000XR2W1U These have a steel toe... 9/16/13  These are very nice boots if you want a steel toe...I did not.  The advertising was misleading as it stated soft toe.  I even called Timberland to be sure and was told by the rep that they were not a steel toe, but when they arrived they do in fact have a steel toe.  If they had not had a steel toe I would have kept them.  Very nicely made...very nice.  Needless to say I returned them.  If this boot ever becomes available without the steel toe I will purchase again.  I'm giving them a 4 star because of the misleading information...otherwise, I would have given them 5 stars.
B000XR30FM excellent footwear Timberland boots are the only boot you can find in a wide toe that is not a steel toe. I have looked everywhere and this is the only boot of it's kind with the soft easy to break in leather it makes it the perfect boot for hard working women.
B000XR30FM Timberland pro boots I have them in the steel toe and waterproof and love them very comfortable. This pair was the same size but was too small. I think that the steel toe has more room in them.
B000XR30FM Good work boot If you are a woman required to wear a 6&#34; work boot for your job, this is a comfortable one right out of the box. Also would make a good hiking boot. It. Comes in 3 choices of toes: soft toe (mine), composite toe, and steel toe. It fits like I would expect a 5.5 wide to fit.
B000XR4IXA Perfect OMG.  Right out of the box these shoes fit great and are soooo comfortable and light weight.  I have worn them everyday to work. I did not realize how uncomfortable my other steel toe boots were until I put these on.
B000XR4IXA Great for all day! I work at an airport and need these to stand up to the elements, the ramp and the heavy machinery we are around. They are beyond the most comfortable boots I have ever worn. I will be purchasing more in the future. The fit as expected and have a nice roomy toebox, great for those thicker socks that you tend to wear with boots. They aren't heavy especially for a steel toe and truly stand up to the Timberland name.
B000XR4IXA Timberland Womens Steel Toed Boots Timberland products are the best! I purchased these to be able to wear when I am on a construction site here on the island of Guam.
B000XR4IXA Not the best but pretty nice. I wear these boots currently. I purchased them December of last year.  Have worn them about 50% of the time since then while at work.  They are comfortable for walking in but not standing if that makes sense. There is something about the shape or angle that they put your feet into while standing that does not mesh with me.  It could just be me and the way I stand but I find my feel and calves begin to hurt if I stand around in them for more than a few minutes at a time.  They have held up against pretty tough conditions and show no signs of wear yet except a slight bit on the soles. They say lightweight but I find them heavy. Not heavier than others but heavy as a boot. The toe area looks bigger in person than in this picture if you get the steel toe version.  They are obviously steel toe. You can see the area that has the metal through the leather.  They are also really wide boots. I have a very narrow foot and there is a ton of toe room. You might be able to get into a half size smaller but I suggest you try them on in person before ordering them online just for this reason. A work boot like this needs to be perfect for the person wearing them because they are expensive and having your feet hurt at work is a terrible thing when you are already working hard!!
B000XR7ME2 ***** I work in a power plant and am on my feet alot in a 12hr workday.  It is hard to find women's steel toe boots and i got these for a steal at only $36.  They only took about 4 days to break in and they are extremely comfortable.  Great tread and pronounced arch.  Plus they are "prettier" than the average steel toe boot!  I highly recommend. I would have bought another pair, but the price just went up to $74.00, which is still a good deal compared with other prices.
B000XXGMRO Functional, not a hardcore boot, but they look great! I have wanted this pair of boots for a long time. I finally gave up and decided to sell one of my arms and legs to pay for them. Although they are a bit pricey, they are WELL worth it.The only boots I have ever owned have been from the Timberland "Pro Series" with the steel-toes, i.e. a work boot. Thus, I have been used to being able to kick stuff, drop sharp/heavy things on my feet, and remain comfortable in cold weather. THESE ARE NOT WORK BOOTS. If you drop something heavy on your toe, it will break your toe. They are not insulated well, so do not take them to the North Pole.However, they are exceptionally comfortable, lightweight, and real good lookin'. As for functionality, they are not useless. You can definitely hike, mess around in the woods, and do many other things outdoors, as they do provide decent protection and ankle support. Actually, I would recommend hiking in them due to their light weight (at times I thought I had concrete blocks on my feet with the old work boots).Now lets be honest - I bought these boots because they are attractive looking. When I received them, I was not disappointed at all. I mean, they are almost like a hybrid between a brown dress shoe and a boot. I would feel comfortable wearing these out to most places, and not worry about looking like I came straight from deer hunting in the mud.Buy them!
B000XXGMRO Excellent Boots These are the nicest boots I've ever owned.  They are more for style and not working, but I wear them when I'm working anyway.  No steel-toe or crazy tuff material, but they are top quality leather and have nice grip on the soles.  I definitely recommend these boots.  They look just like the picture.
B001C4CIP8 Super comfort Vs. Way to heavy. The absolute most comfortable safty/steel toe boot I have worn in the last 18 years hands down.  However, like some of the other reviewers have said, they are very heavy and &#34;Frankenstein&#34; like and I did send them back. So I highly recommend them if you are actually mining as they are advertised as mining boots.  However if you are just required to wear safty/steel toe shoes or boots and have to walk around all day they are just too heavy.  I really wish they were not that heavy.
B001EBJU82 Love Timberland... Great boots,  good price,  extremely comfortable to work,  very light for steel toe boots,  just love them.Great quality for the money...
B001FXZU92 Unusually comfortable, but... I got a pair of these boots, but by the end of the day I had one blister.  I think that they are too warm for a tropical environment (I live in Puerto Rico).  However, these boots have everything, very very comfortable, steel toe, puncture resistant, etc., etc.  I recommend them, but not for a hot humid environment like where I live.
B001FXZU92 Great boots. Really durable and well made. My husband switched to this model in hopes the durable toe would hold up longer than the leather toe. So far so good
B001FXZU92 Only 2 months but I like'em so far! I did not intend to order steel toed boots, I was looking for my best price on the soft-toed version of this same boot and didn't read close enough when I found this one to be the best price...all that being said, I tried these on and could not tell they were steel-toed and they are super comfortable. After my 2 month break in (not wearing them everyday), I am glad I have them even though I don't really need steel-toe boots. I would think this would be great to hear if you are stuck needing to wear them for your workplace. Now, I just hope they wear well.
B001FXZU92 Good Price and exactely what I wanted... Factory worker by trade, i'm pretty tough on boots and can't get boots to last more than 6-7 months no matter what namebrand I buy.  I have a pair of timberland pit bosses I use at home when working in the yard, cars, etc which I really like.  These boots were the brand and model I wanted to try for work next.  Mainly because of the rubber over the steel toe.  Usually within three-four months the leather is wore out on the toes and the steel toe is visiable.  We'll see how these hold up.  So far they are very comfortable and I like them. Bought them from amazon because even with the allowance my company gives me at a local shoe store I still saved money buying them from amazon with no allowance vs. locally with allowance.
B001FXZU92 wrong product delivered As you can see from description  I ordered boots with No Steel toe.  And i received Steel Toe!!  Not Happy!
B001FXZU92 Poor description of Product I really like the boot, style, comfort, color etc., the problem that I have is that I didn't want a steel toed boot. the description said nothing about steel toes. If this were properly described I would've chose something else. I contacted the shipper and was told that this style only comes in a steel toe. i didn't want the hassle of returning so I kept them.
B001FXZU92 Perfect Boots Bought these for working around the house. Perfect fit. Super comfortable. I needed something a little more serious than a hiking boot for cutting down trees, splitting logs, misc. building projects, etc.Features I was looking for: steel toe, composite toe cap (otherwise the toe always wears out), comfortable, relatively light, puncture resistant sole.  This boot has them all. High recomendation.
B001FXZU92 5stars!!! Supreme comfort... exquisite styling detail... and built like a truck!!! The Timberland Pro Endurance is the best steel toe work boots hands down!!!
B001FXZU92 Nice looking, but super HEAVY! I bought these boots by accident for my fiance for Christmas. I was very excited because I got a great Black Friday deal. I meant to buy soft toe, but these are steel toe. He is in construction, on his feet all day, and hates steel toe. I knew that and it was totally my fault for not reading the description well enough. These are great looking boots and they fit him perfectly, but the second he picked them up he knew they were steel toe. I swear these things were at least 5 lbs each. He tried wearing them around the house to see if he could handle it, but no dice. Sadly I had to return. I would have bought the Timberland Soft Toe but the sale was over. We waited a couple of weeks and still nothing. We had to go with another brand. Seamless return process, money was refunded immediately.
B001FXZU92 These boots LAST longer than any pair ive had before I have worn work boots for my job for the past 7 years. I walk on a lot of anti-skid so the soles tend to wear out faster than anything else. Typically a pair of Redwings would last me 6 months Carolinas same thing. These however are an AMAZING find if you value durability. Please note they are not the most comfortable boots out there however as far as getting the most for your money they are awesome this is because of 2 main reasons. 1 They have a steel plate inside the sole this is done to prevent punctures from sharp objects through the bottom of the sole it does work by the way. However I attribute the fact that due to this they chose an extremely long lasting rubber for the bottom of the shoe it also makes climbing up steel ladders with quarter inch rungs far more comfortable a task. 2 If you look at the picture the steel toe is covered by a black coating of rubberized hard plastic best description I can give the material. In all the years I have had workboots. I always get some sort of toecap protector or protective coatings because as your toe bump into things and grind along the ground/floor if you are working on your knees these  the leather over the steel toe would get ground away or lacerated and then you can never water proof your boots again. These come straight from the manufacturer with a coating already on the steel toe and it is superior to any aftermarket I have ever been able to find. The only drawbacks to these boots are this. The way they come they are NOT comfortable this is easily remedied by a high quality insole look up powerstep insoles on amazon they are the best I have ever gotten and will make any shoe the most comfortable shoe you have ever worn. They completely fix any comfortability  issues these have. Last but on a more minor note is that the boots are made from more sturdy materials and so as no surprise they do take longer to break in mine took about 2 weeks to get totally perfect. So there ya go if your looking for high quality boots that last a LONG time get these just make sure you pick up a pair of powerstep insoles first and you wont have any problems
B001FXZU92 Great work boot!! This is the only steel toe boot my husband wears. Been buying this one for about 5 years now! Super supportive and comfortable!
B001FXZU92 Good boots, but the product listing is inaccurate First thing's first: this product listing is inaccurate.  The listing claims these boots are Titan safety-toe equipped and only weigh 1lb each.  In actuality, these are steel-toe boots that weigh over 2lbs each.  Unfortunate, since I was looking for a lighter weight boot now that I'm not really working in an environment that requires steel toe boots.  After doing some research, Timberland apparently doesn't make this style of boot in a composite safety-toe version.  They do have a soft-toe, but that's listed as Timberland #89631.Had I not returned them this would have been my second pair of these boots.  The first pair were great and stood up to a moderate amount of abuse for about a year and a half.  They were very comfortable compared to the last set of Timberlands I had, thanks to the cushioned mid-sole.  Eventually the insoles burned out, and the synthetic ankle cushion started pulling away from the leather on of the boots.  Not really a design flaw, just something that's eventually going to happen to any boot with that kind of design at this price range.I did not have any problems with the soles on these boots, as others seem to have.  Grip is great, and they really do grip better on slippery surfaces (ie. oil on linoleum) than any of my sneakers.  No, they're not waterproof, but I've never had a problem with my feet getting wet, even when tromping through mud and snow.As others have mentioned, they are heavy.  They use a steel toe and have some sort of flexible steel puncture-resistant plate under the mid-sole, which add up to make one heavy boot.  But they're still super comfortable and were durable enough for me.
B001FXZU92 Out of this world comfortable I just spent 14 hours on my feet in these bad boys today. My feet feel great still! I can easily go another 14 hours. It's hot out and my feet stayed pretty dry. I can easily stay comfortable up on rafters and a ladder. The steel toe is nice, and having a tough heel is also nice for kicking beams and posts, and trying to move walls into their final place. Best pair of boots I've ever owned. I will never buy another pair of anything else.Only con is they are a touch heavy. But that is what you compromise for steel toe and a shank to prevent punctures.
B001GB379I Fit snug Timberland PRO Men's 53530 8&#34; Metguard Steel-Toe Boot,Black,10 W needed for work i thought tghey would be very heavy but they fit good
B001L1DBQC Roomy but steel toes I needed a higher top work boot an have a wide forefoot, but narrow heel.  These fit well in both areas, but I find steel toed boots tough on my big toes.
B001L1DBQC Great boot, well made - but you need different insoles and the right socks I sent the first pair back - the rubber was delaminating from the leather out of the box. The 2nd pair? I've put them through a lot of abuse and love them. I do a lot of urban exploration, exploring and photographing abandoned buildings,and the like. Climbing all day over debris and rocks. Miles of stairs. Rubble and timbers, bricks and tiles. Rarely a level surface.  If I wear them for a couple of hours, they were great. But for several hours, they started to get uncomfortable. The steel toe rear edge started digging into my foot.  I was ready to blame the boot. Then I did some research and applied a little common sense. A boot is a shell - like a ski boot. The lining, in this case the sock, makes a world of difference.First, I paid $45 for some custom fit insoles (I'll guess that $15 ones would have worked) - wow - that made a HUGE difference.  Then I purchased socks made for steel toe boots (Thorlo Unisex Moderate Cushion Safety Steel Toe Socks with THOR?LON) - no more steel toe pain. I can wear these for 16 hours straight and don't have a single complaint.  The SOCKS were the biggest help. The insoles were probably going a little overboard, but since I was almost never on level ground, my feet were shifting inside the boots. Try walking on 2" gravel strewn about a concrete floor for 30 minutes and see how your feet feel. Add insoles and try it again. The 8" height also adds some ankle support, and that helps as well.I've worn these for about 250 hours and can't imagine exploring without them.
B001L8K3GQ Timberland PRO Men's Whetstone ESD Oxford I have just finished putting in my order for the subject item.  I liked this particular item for its ESD characterestic AND the fact it wasn't "STEEL TOE" per the discreption.  UNFORTUNATELY, I didn't read the reviews before I completed the order.  These shoes ARE "steel toe" according to the reviews and now I'm in the process of canceling the order!  I too wish they had added that relatively important information!
B001L8K3GQ Nice work boot -  wish it said it was steel toe I looked again and the product description does not say these are steel toe! Are all Timberland PRO shoes steel toe? Otherwise nice, good looking just as in the pictures. A bit on the snug fit side, but I don't really notice the steel toe when they are on. Sorry they need to go back. I do not need the extra weight of the steel toe.
B001PUFSW4 Very good work shoe As advertised and according to the glowing reviews, the shoe is very comfortable. I think it is also quite attractive for an industrial environment. Just an FYI, to anyone who has to go through metal detectors, this shoe has steel shanks so you'll still be removing your shoes anyway. Pretty disappointing since that was the whole reason I bought composite toe in the first place but overall the shoe is comfortable, not too heavy (definitely lighter than steel toe), and reasonably attractive. I got a 9 1/2 since some of the reviews said that it fit a little large. I'm a natural 10 but sizing by different manufacturers ....you know. Anyway, I wish I got the 10 since it's a  touch too tight at the toes but not intolerably so. The 9 1/2 fits good enough to keep them. Overall, very happy with the purchase.
B001PUFSW4 Very happy with this puchase I bought my true size, and they fit perfectly.  For steel toed shoes, they look okay (working in a plant, wearing Khaki's).  Not a ton of selection for women in steel toed shoes.  I would buy these again, they work well for what I need.  They are comfortable and not nearly as heavy as the Caterpillar's I bought and returned.
B001PUFSW4 I didn't know that steel toed shoes could be so comfortable! I purchased a pair with limited expectations.  I was more than pleasantly surprised my first day.  These are very comfortable with plenty of toe room.  I walk a minimum of 3 miles at the facility I work everyday and these have really been a lifesaver on my feet and my back.  I have no complaints and would recommend to anyone.
B001PUFSW4 Timberland Pro Titan I bought these shoes for work and they are very comfortable for steel toe shoes. Usually with steel toed shoes they are heavy and your legs and feet get tired quickly. These are fairly light and I rarely get tired by days end depending how my work day goes.
B0028N7EV0 Comfortable Boots Wore this for about a year and a half on a daily basis. Have held up extremely well but the soles are nearly gone and they are starting to tear near the steel toe and allowing oil to leak in. Time for a new pair but can't find them in my size.They aren't as comfortable as they were but still nice.  And found them for $50 at the time. I don't think I could possibly ask for a better boot to be honest with you.
B0028N7JHO I love these boots I work as a welder in a steel fabrication shop. I do a lot of arc gouging and welding and after a year these boots are still in great shape.  They were easy to break in and were comfortable from the first day. They are steel toe and metaltarsal is built on inside which is one reason I bought them. When these wear out I will be getting another pair. I highly recomend these boots.
B00295RHNM Great boot but I didn't realize they were steal toe . I received the boots and they are very good quality . However, I didn't read the discription well enough to see they were steal toe. I sent them back.
B00295RHNM Fits like reviews said I am always apprehensive ordering shoes online but I could not find any womens steel toes anywhere near me so I read the reviews and ordered a half size larger and wide fit like most people suggested even though I normally wear regular. I am glad I followed others advice because that is exactly how they fit. When I first put them on they seemed kind of big and they look really big but after wearing them awhile they fit perfectly, it is a lot of boot and they are pretty heavy but I definitely like how warm and dry my tootsies were after working several days in rain and mud and since I work with steel the Titan toe makes me feel much more safe than my old regular work boots. I would recommend these and only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because of weight and they do get hot after a full days work but I have yet to find a boot that doesn't.
B00295RHV4 Not bad I bought these boots so I could protect my toes while at work. They're not bad. However I am experiencing the same issues I always have with steel toe boots. The steel toe is rubbing my toe and the insoles suck.  Like I said I always have that problem with my boots. I also recommend buying mink oil because they seem to dry out easily.
B00295RIW2 Tight over little toe these shoes are mostly great.  The only problem is they are tight across my little toe and I am getting corns.  I am thin and do not have fat feet so I really don't understand.  I'm not sure I will buy again.
B0029XG3OS LOVE Purchased these for my husband as his old work boots were getting worn out. He loves them! Puncture proof, steel toe, ankle stability and slip//water resistant all in one affordable boot. They also look great! Fit was a bit tight at first, but wore right in within a couple hours.
B0029XG3OS Nice Boots The boots have nice steel toes, are warm to ~0F temperatures (I went camping with them), decent grips (still slip in grease on kitchen floors), and they look great. Although the steel toe can be a little restricting for toes (to be expected I suppose), the slip resistance isn't perfect, and the boots overall don't tighten very well because of how the steel toe gets in the way of this process. One final note, I previously had the Timberland Men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex boots, but after a year they began falling apart on the sides, the grip was much worse than the PRO's, there was no steel toe, though it did fit more comfortably for everyday use (you win some you lose some). After a few months I can say for sure I am happy with my purchase of the PRO's.Update (6 months later):The boots are still holding up fantastically after nearly 6 months of daily use, worn all day. So far the only portion that is really showing any wear or tear is the little plastic orange strip by the toe of the right boot (which is just for show to begin with)---otherwise everything is still in new condition. I haven't applied any oils or wax, and the boot is just the way it is, nothing to complain about. After working on refitting ships for the upcoming Summer season, at one point I had to walk on wet seaweed and a slick deck as I hosed down a barge that had sunk for a couple of weeks---the grips worked better than expected, and I didn't slip even once. One last piece of info: I had mentioned in my original review that I thought the boots weren't as comfortable as the Timberland Men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex boots, but after wearing these PRO's for a couple of months they've broken in perfectly.
B0029XG3OS Most comfortable workboot This is the 4th pair of this particular workboot that I have purchased.Very warm , even with the steel toe.And as most of you out there know with the weather we have been having the last couple of weeks , it's made working outside bearable.The only drawbacks that I have are that the shoe laces don't always seem to make it through the year and that I have to replace them after a year. But  seeing that I am a service plumber and work them pretty hard , I shouldn't be surprised.Highly recommend these boots
B002ASAJPG GREAT BOOT ..but not advertised properly. My husband loves pro endurance and it was time for a new pair.  we search all over for the boot and found these.  Unfortunately, it was not clear that they were steel toe.  He wanted soft toe.  We returned them with no problem and our account was credited quickly.  I only wish we could have found the soft toe thru amazon.  He ended up getting them direct from TImberland after they determined his old boots failed for a manufacturing defect.  WHO KNEW they carried that kind of warranty.  He got his pro endurance boots today and after a day of wearing a pair of old boots and his feet hurt.,  He put on the Pro Endurance and he was in heaven... his feet stopped hurting.  PRO Endurance is a great product if you need to wear boots all day and are on your feet . I don't think he will ever buy another brand.... regardless of their cost.  You cant scrimp on comfort.
B002ASAJPG My husband has been wearing this style of boots for 2-3 years and LOVE them. My husband works with steel beams during the day so he needs the steel toe. At night and on the weekends he works at the sewer plant in our town so he needed the boots to be also water proof. He has never had a problem with the steel toe or the water proof. These are great boots whether you need water proof or not.
B002ASAJPG Comfortable, but heavy. First of all I would like to say how comfortable this boot is. I work 8-10 hours a day doing electrical and construction work. I broke my ankle 6 years ago, and didn't get the proper physical therapy I needed.  I get off work and my feet feel great with these boots. Tennis shoes and hikers don't do that for me. The grip is great and waterproof works very well. Initially they were quite heavy due to a steel toe and steel plate in the sole. 2 months later my legs have adapted to the weight and no longer affect me. Time will tell for durability, but so far I love them.
B002ASAJPG Fantastic work boots! My daughter was promoted to shop manager at the company she works for and needed comfortable, steel toe work boots that would allow her to be on her feet and on the go all day, walking, climbing, etc.  These were the most comfortable boots she could find in any of her store searches.  Amazon had them at the best price, so I ordered them.  They were all we expected and more.  She loves the boots, they allow her to be on her feet all day and the fit was perfect.  Highly recommended!  (These are men's boots, so we just ordered a smaller size for her.)  Guys would love these too, if they need a steel toe boot that is also comfortable, these are perfect.
B002ASAJPG The complete work boot This boot has it all: Waterproof, comfortable, reinforced steel toe/sole, and good looks.  You pay for these things, but at least in this case, you're getting what you pay for.  After 20 years in the military it was time to buy new boots for my career as a contractor.  I wish the military would invest in these boots for our troops. They're 10 times better than the authorized boots that we wear in the field.Only con that I can think of is that they are significantly heavier than your average boot, due to the steel reinforcement.  But if your job requires those safety features, it's well worth the extra weight.
B002ASAJPG Too exact fitting! Too exact fitting and extremely narrow fit due to the steel toe. A 10  is my size but this boot fits to exact that the steel toe and a pair of regular sock makes it unbearable to wear.
B002ASAJPG great fit these boots I purchase were as expected very comfortable water resistant great for plumbing only concern is that how heavy the boots are because of the steel toe
B002ASAKN2 Best work boot made!! This is my fifth pair of these exact boots. I buy a new pair roughly once a year and keep a backup in my closet. They are very comfortable both working on uneven ground as well as on cement floors. Check out the features steel toe,waterproof,puncture resistant,outer toe cap, anti fatigue inner sole, etc. I wear these boots 11-12 hours a day in a junk yard with oil and grease and eveything else. I will never buy a different boot unless they stop making this model. But, I hope they never do.
B002ASAKN2 Perfect work boot These are the best feeling steel toe boots I have ever put on. Felt great right out of the box. no need for Dr. Scholls or a break in period.
B002ASAKN2 Amazing - Comfortable Steel Toe Boots! I hope Timberland doesn't stop making these boots. I've tried numerous work boots including ones from RedWing and other companies who claim to have comfortable work boots. None have felt good like these, including some from Timberland (i.e scuff proof boots).It is soooo nice to find a steel toe boot that doesn't actually hurt or squeeze my feet. I can even squat and my toes/foot do not hurt!! Definitely worth the money!I'm considering buying another pair just in case for some odd reason they stop making these.
B002ASAKN2 Best boots everrr Great boots but get a half size bigger than usual cause their a little tight with the steel toe and cushioning
B002ASAKN2 Great Steel Toe Boots My husband works on his feet for over 10 hours most days on sites that require steel toe - he loves how comfortable these are. He also loves the weatherproof qualities of these (especially with the snow/ice we've been getting in New England!). I love how reasonably priced these are compared to some other boots out there - and amazon definitely has the best price. He is planning to order a pair without steel toe for weekend wearing as the steel toe can be a little uncomfortable when you don't need it.
B002ASAKN2 Awesome Boot I recently bought this boot due to the reviews on Amazon. I'm an emergency medical technician and am required to wear steel toed boots. Additionally, I often spend considerable amounts of time bending down and on my knees, which puts pressure on the toe box and ball of the foot. This boot handles everything I've dished at it wonderfully.When I first took the boot out of the box I was nervous because the boot is heavy. However, once you put it on you don't notice any additional weight. The honeycomb patterned insole molded to my foot in a few days and it feels like I am walking on a cloud. When my foot is bent at the ball of the foot I do not have any pain from the steel toe impacting my foot, and the toe box is wide enough that it doesn't impact the sides of my foot when bent.This is the first ever boot I've owned that is comfortable enough that I leave it on for my entire shift and don't feel the need to take it off between calls.And, a bonus, it shines up well, erases smudges and scratches brought on by constant hard use!
B002ASAKN2 well made boot its a good fit, very well made should last along time. the only drawback is one boot weighs almost as much as both of my other steel toe timberlands. takes a little getting use to the extra weight
B002ASAKN2 These are great boots for all day use! To be honest I have already owned a pair of these boots, so it was no surprise to me when they arrived that I was able to wear them right away with out a brake in period. Sizing is spot for me, (US 10)The toe box is wide and roomy with a nice rubber over lay so you don't wear a hole in the leather, and you have the comfort of knowing you have a steel toe.The sole is more shoe like then boot so you have a comfortable fit all day, and I was able to wear them daily for a year as a mechanic as well as home projects before I wore through the outer layer of the sole.The heal is reinforced with an outer rubber heal cup which never broke down as I have had with other leather boots.
B002ASAKN2 Love the boots! Husband has been wearing heavier Steel Trax by Timberland for years but decided to try these lighter weight boots,  Very comfortable and so far, so good.  Even if they don't last as long as the heavier boot, they are well worth the extra comfort.  He works in a french fry manufacturing plant - lots of water, walking and crawling around machinery.  These boots have the same protective toe as the others but the extra comfort makes them a must!
B002ASAKN2 Timberland PRO Men's Endurance Pr WaterPROof Steel Toe 6" Workboot These boots are comfortable for the first 5 hours of wearing, but after the boots feel heavy, and my feet get tired even though they say it has an anti fatigue sole. Many other reviewers described these boots as being heavy, so now I believe them.
B002ASAKN2 Timberland PRO Men's Endurance Pr WaterPROof Steel Toe 6" Workboot,Black,15size Bought these boots for work.  They are very heavy and had to by gel insoles because they started rubbing blisters on the bottom of my feet.  Had them for about a month and a half and seem to be holding up pretty well so far, but they sure give u a workout just walking in them.
B002YOMJPY Not bad, spend the extra on the Pro model if you work hard in them. First day I wore these I stepped on a garden hoe and it when straight though to my foot.  Wish I had a steel shank, but I don't want steel toes.  Waterproof is ehhh even with drownings in mink oil.  Great boot, just if your into hardcore work go for the PRO model.  Otherwise these are awesome!  I usually wear a 12 these I had to goto 11.5 amazon was great and returned no hassle after I got the 12's.  11.5 is perfect for me...where 12's in nike, addias, asics, etc
B002YOMJPY Good comfortable work shoe but not steel toe I wanted a waterproof shoe to replace my worn out ones and got these in the size I usually wear.  When it came it fit spot on.  After some weeks of use it stretched out and is comfortable to wear.  Though if you think the leather will protect your toes from something falling on them - no.  A tool fell on my foot and I felt it, didn't hurt a lot but if it was steel (or even composite) toe I wouldn't have felt anything at all.  The shoe is slippery on some painted surfaces so be careful walking on painted walkways in the wet.  All in all its an ok shoe, but Ill probably buy something else after they wear out.
B0031EJVU2 Great field boots for 3 seasons Non insulated but water tight construction makes these boots excellent for field work and hunting for 3 seasons. As they are non insulated, deep winter may not be applicable. Only thing that could improve this design would be to have steel toe inserts and toe wear guards.
B0039YJU50 Steel-toe Description miss that they were steel toe. Returning process could have been better. The label that was sent to me did not work had to paid to return them. I really like the boots very disappointed that they were steel toe.
B003A67X5G good looking boots These boot are comfortable but they are not steel toe so im not going to be able to wear them for work
B003AZZM3C Earthkeepers City Escape Moc-Toe Boot I've worn Timberlands in the past and currently have a pair of their typical insulated boot for fall clean-up garden work and shoveling snow in the winter. I wanted to find a pair of work boots like the ones I had when I was a kid, which are now called Moc-toe's (mocassin toe) boots. I remembered the old Dunham Tyroleans work boots with smooth leather sides and uppers, moc-toe and white corrugated rubber soles. I couldn't find the Dunhams anymore, but Red-Wing makes a few models like that, but they were way too expensive for my needs and budget, ($200-$300) or more. These Earthkeepers fit the bill - they are comfortable to wear with either thin or thick socks, and break-in easily, and feel great after a full-day wear. The sole, arch and in-step support is good, and the white rubber sole is no-slip and does not squeak when you walk on smooth surfaces.Please note these boots run large: I normally take a men's 10 medium, so I bought these as a 9.5 men's medium, and they fit perfectly, with plenty of room in the toe box to wiggle, while the arch and instep are perfectly placed. No heel slip or rubbing either. I am very satisfied with these boots so far. I will probably treat them with waterproofing before I take a hike with them or wear them in the rain.
B003NUQYC2 Love em! Ive tried Red Wings, Caterpillers, Wolverines and a couple other brands and always go back to timberland Pro.  I go through one pair a year in my line of work (hardscape contractor).  This  particular model of Timberland are some of the lightest weight boots on the market in steel toe.  I love em
B003NUQYC2 Comfortable, durable, and affordable. These boots seem to be well built, they keep my feet dry, and are the most comfortable steel toe boots I've worn. These were a fairly recent purchase, so I can't speak much for their longevity but the craftsmanship seems exceptional considering the price.
B003NUQYC2 Steel Toe Boots Finally, my old boots needed replaced, and I found these to replace them.  Great boots and excellent workmenship. All local stores had a problem with size 15 - Not here
B003NUQZD0 Timberland thermal force When you work in the cold you need good insulated boots as well as comfort. I've had numerous timberlands over the years and always are the most comfortable over other brands. They have held up good to water and snow. The bottoms are little better material than that of the titans so no sign of wearing out to quickly. With the zone system your feet stay warm and having the extra insulated toe cap makes it nice also. Going to try the steel toe version this year and hope to have same results. Only thing to complain about would be the break in of tongue. The boot is awesome from day one but tongue took a little to loosen up were it is a 8" boot. Other than that best winter boot I own.
B003NUR4P8 Good boot great price Haven't gotten them submerged yet but they seem well made and durable. Comfortable toe box which was a concern since so many safety/steel toe shows come in wide until you get to the toe box. So far very happy! And did I mention it was $40 cheaper on amazon than competitors websites with a promo.
B003NUR4P8 Perfect I really like these boots. They are true to size plenty of toe room. Nice grip on slick floors. Really light considering they are very heavy duty reinforced toe boots.
B003NUR6CE Great boots I needed steel toe boots with met guard for a new job, and I was fearing another pair of heavy steel toes. These boots are actually light weight. They are beefy and tough, but dont have that &#34;steel toe swing&#34; from something heavy on your boots. The steel toe does not pinch in on the toes like some, actually plenty of height inside. I have been wearing them for about 3 weeks now and they are still comfy. For being such thick boots, they dont get too hot. Only issue ive had is a slight squeak from around the tongue, like a rubber on rubber sound. It is fading as I wear them. If these ever wear out, ill be getting identical ones.
B004PNE720 Greatest Greatest work boot ever, u can't tell there steel toes while wearing them, more comfortable than air max's tennis shoes, and I love those.
B004QMZS0A great boots great boots  i ordered because of the color. they really get noticed. all steel toes seem to hurt my feet a little but less than any other steel toe boots i have ever worn
B004RQ1JH6 Great Shoe for price I had to get a pair of steel toes for work, but my job requires me to be on my feet a lot. This shoe offers flexible comfort with a good weight. Just took me a few days to get used to. If you are required to get steel tips, I would go with these. By the way, I recently found out how good these things are when a rock shot out of the mulching bag of my mower. Barely scratched the leather.
B004RQ1JH6 Good Shoe! It is good pair of shoe. I like it! It is very comfort and easy slip on. I recommend if you need to work in ESD sensitive lab and require steel toe.
B004RQ1JH6 These shoes are not ESD safe. I bought these shoes for work, they're Timberlands so i knew they would be excellent shoes.First disappointment-  They are steel toed. Nowhere in the description does it say they have steel toes.That's ok, I guess, the shoes still fit perfectly and the steel toes don't bother me too much as they're light and well fitted for steel toed shoes.Second disappointment- The failed the ESD test at my work. I wore them all night to get my feet nice and sweaty (it helps). Still failed. Failed without socks. Failed with the insole removed. These are NOT ESD SAFE.Well maybe I got the wrong shoe with the ESD insole....
B004RQ1JH6 not so great Very nice and stylish shoes but runs larger 0.5-1 size. The steel toe is annoying and make it slightly uncomfortable. I usually get some pain with my toes and the sides but not very serious. I decided to keep it because of the style and slip resistance
B004RQ1JH6 Awesome Slip on for an ESD - Super Comfortable These are steel toe ESD shoes. Normally these type shoes can be very cumbersome, however, I find these to be lightweight enough to travel with and use daily. Very comfortable insole and outer sole. These do not make your feet tired and do the job they were meant to do. I would recommend these for any one either for dress or casual.
B004RQ1N8Q Great Boot I tried these on at the store before I bought them and I really like them. They are lighter than some of the other steel toes that i tried and were very comfortable
B004RQ38B6 A great steel toe for us 'office dwellers' forced to wear them Fit- this shoe feels very nice. Not much breaking in needed. Only complaint is that it runs a little big if you wear thin dress socks or even just regular 'below the ankle' socks...my shoe size in Clarks is 10.5- I ordered a 10 and should have went to 9.5...but it still fit good enough for me not to bother with a return.Finish- leather is supple and attractive, with a nice black trim around the opening. All stitching is well placed and not too gaudy. Sole doesn't protrude out all funny looking ala Ronald McDonald.Wearing- Traction is very good, haven't slipped yet! When kneeling down, they bend nice and you hardly notice the steel toe. Sweat is a little bit of a problem here tho...these shoes could have used a nice Gore-Tex lining. They get a little hot in the toe area for obvious reasons. But once back at the desk, kick them off and let your puppies breath for 5min, and its back to work!Overall great shoe, would buy another pair.
B004RQ38B6 Comfortable and work as expected These shoes are just as advertised.  The 10.5 fit me like other dress shoes and they are comfortable to walk in.  A little heavy, but that's expected from a steel toe shoe.  Also, the steel toe kind of pinched my little toe when I walked at first, but after a few days they wore in and it hasn't been a problem.  I've been wearing them for two weeks now and I am very satisfied with the purchase.
B004RQ38B6 Just got them. Really impressed with this shoe. Haven't had them for long but so far durable, stylish( I love the look). And comfort is about medium.  Just hard getting use to the steel toe.  But I would recommend them.
B004RQ38B6 Well Made These are WORK shoes - for people in industrial/outdoor environs.  Steel toe, heavy sole. Style is a little dorky, but they are well built but not THE most comfortable.  You need a thick sock etc... but so far they are good shoes.  Maybe a toss up between docs and these.
B004RQ38B6 Great if you do a lot of walking, very Comfortable The treads are great and the shoe is comfortable for being a steel toe. The toe looks a little bulky, but not any more than you expect from a pair of steel toed shoes. They were broken in pretty quick and don't seem to scuff that easy. I work in a factor and do a lot of walking so comfort is important as well as a professional look. I purchase the black pair first and after a month liked them enough I bought them in brown.
B004RQ38B6 Steal Toe or Dress Shoe? I have worn Doc Martins for years but now i finally found something way more comfortable and the fit is perfect. You have extra room were you need it and the steel toe you dont even know you have them on.I work in a industry were you need to have steal toe shoes when you visit your customers and i have fond something that is comfortable and that is a good looking dress shoe.I give this 5 stars out of 5..
B004RQ38B6 Simply the best shoe in the world Ive been wearing these shoes for months everyday as a field engineer, I've worn all the brands of steel toe shoe's and hands down these are THE BEST. They look great too.
B004RQ38B6 Good quality This pair of steel toe shoes are very good quality. They are very comfortable. I walk on concrete 6-8 hours daily and I would recommend these shoes to anyone that wants good quality steel toe comfort.
B004RQ38B6 I didnt realise they were steel caps, until they arrived!!  So read the fine print. I didnt read the smaller print and discovered when they were delivered they are steel caps. They are really an industral shoe for executive types who have to go to site occasionally. They are a wide fit, for thick work socks and look good.  I work in an office and dont need these type of shoes any more, I use to work as a sit e project manager in construction.  They are odd to ware in the office as they have a heavy toe and I am often seen dragging my feet, to the mirth of my co -workers.
B004RQ38B6 Great Steel Toe shoe These shoes are very comfortable and fit great. Unlike most steel toe shoes they are made from Titan toe which is just as strong as steel but are much lighter and do not rub the top or sides of your foot. I have owned several pair and will not own another brand.
B004RQ38B6 Light weight Light weight steel toe shoes that goes well with dress pants. Will purchase another one in diff color if available.Con, the fabric scratches easily.
B004RQ3GAE Waterproof breathable steel toe These boots have everything I need in a workboot; waterproof but breathable and steel toe. They won't last as long as quality all leather boots but my feet sweat like crazy and I need boots with ventilation. To put in perspective in my Timberland Pro leather boots my socks are soaked with sweat in about 2 hrs of moderate work at 70 F and with the Mudslingers I can go 4-5 hrs without swampy trench-foot. These are not good cold-weather boots though due to the steel toe, it sucks the heat right out of my toes. I go with a composite-toe boot for winter. Great 3-season boot for the price though!
B004RQ3GAE the boots i ordered were steel toe shoes i dont need steel boots i love the product timberland they make a great shoe the only problem was I don't a steel shoe,otherwise I woulkd have kept them.
B0052A6Z70 Great boot!! I've had the pro series both steel toe and non steel toe.  Those are very heavy boots that weigh you down and really make your legs sore after the day of walking and standing all day.  These Valor boots though are very light, very stylish, very very comfortable, and great for slip resistant.  I will buy these again when mine wear out.
B0054HM0Z2 To heavy steel toes Anything about this I just don't want this shoes because they are to heavy I want something like this but whitout steel toesIf you have something like I want let me know thank you.
B0054HM0Z2 Great All Round Shoe Looks good, yet tough. Quality soft leather, seems it will last for years.  The steel toe is one solid piece.
B0054HM0Z2 Hard to find Dress shoes that have a steel toe that don't look cheap. The treads are great and the shoe is comfortable for being a steel toe. The toe looks a little bulky, but not any more than you expect from a pair of steel toed shoes. They were broken in pretty quick and don't seem to scuff that easy. I work in a factor and do a lot of walking so comfort is important as well as a professional look. I liked them enough to buy them in brown as well.
B0054HM0Z2 steel toe got these for my husband who dropped something heavy on his foot and broke his toe at work. He told me the pain from the steel toe and blisters these shoes gave him was worse. Back to Dr Scholls, not much of a selection for this type of dress shoe in a steel toe.
B0054HM0Z2 Love this shoe I love them! Very comfortable and stylish. They have the steel toe required for my job. I'm thinking this will be my shoe of choice from now on.
B0054HM0Z2 Really comfortable steel toe shoe One of the best I've owned. Very well made, true fitting and very comfortable all day long.The description does not say it has a steel toe, but it does.
B0054HM3YA Good but These boots are very good looking and they are very comfortable. They are not very durable tho, I do steel construction and these boots just are not holding up in the toe area. Just 4 days in and the leather on the toes is shredding like tissue paper, I fear that in a month's time there won't be any leather left. The problem seems to be just the toe, they should have put on a toe cap to make it more durable. These boot's are not meant for work, they are fashion boots just like it says, guess I should have payed attention cause it says that in the label.
B0054HM3YA Its like having a mini mattress under both of my feet I have been in EMS for 6 years running 911. I have owned many boots from many manufactures. This by far is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn. In the past I wore boots that looked the most paramilitary and could shine up nicely. After many years of sacrificing style for comfort I decided to take a different approach in hopes of relieving my back and knee pain. I did my research and it came down to these and a pair of red wings. Once I tried these on at the local boot shop my mind was made up. It has almost and inch and a half of padding in the sole for max comfort and support. Forget adding inserts these boots don't need them.. They also have a composite toe, alternative to steel toe, that is lighter then steel toe and offers more protection. These boots dont shine up due to the soft leather but with my back issues and knee problems I frankly don't give a damn. I will suggest the wide version of these boots if you have wide feet.
B0054HM47Q Not a bad shoe, but there are better options The alloy toe protector is a great addition to any of my work boots but I dislike the straight edge that exists in this boot. The edge of the alloy sits right where my big toe flexes and prevents the natural movement of my toes. It's not the end of the world, but there are more comfortable options, likeKeen Utility Women's Detroit Low Steel Toe Work Shoe,Monument/Amaranth,10.5 M US. The rubber toe doesn't extend up very far and is already peeling off (after 2 weeks of use). The tongue is gusseted to prevent crud from entering around the laces, but it's a thin material and does nothing to prevent water from soaking into the shoe in a good rainstorm. The sole has great potential for traction, but you'll need to go outside and scuff them up on some pavement first or else you may be slipping around your work room floor. I also find the ball of my foot aches at the end of the day, due to the shoe's low arch support and difficulty flexing.All-in-all, not a bad pair of shoes if you can find them on sale, but I wouldn't pay full price for them.
B0056ROT7M comfortable and as stylish as steel toe can get These shoes are very comfortable. I ordered a few different steel toe shoes and this was the first pair I didn't send back. And as far as steel toe shoes go, these are stylish.
B005FMJOYQ Very sturdy Shoes seem like they can take some beating. Very sturdy. Toe is protected and almost like steel toe (but not quite). I like them a lot. They also have nice soft cushy sides so it brings extra warmth. Heel stays in place.
B005I6Z4JI Initial Fit Great -- Long Term Quality TBD Some have commented that it looks big n bulky, but that Bulkiness in the Toe adds to the comfort of that Composite toe. I wear a normal M Medium width, but most steel toes don't have room for the toes and quickly hurt my feet in that area. Only other ones I could ever wear were Red Wings, which cost much more than the deal I got on these ($140). I don't do construction, but I am on my feet or kneeling for 8hrs a day. Hope that Abrasion resistant toe lasts. Anti-fatigue cushion is awesome. Haven't stood in a creek like I have with my Gore-tex Danner's, but they seem waterproof. No tough break in period. Fairly soft n flexible out of the box. Good slip resistant tread on wet surfaces.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland Helix Pro 8" Composite Toe Excellent boot. Fit is true to size, no break in needed. One of the most comfortable boots I've ever owned. Composite toe does not interfere with fit. Waterproofing is 100%. I don't know how long they will last, but if the build quality is an indicator, it should be a long time. Very pleased.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland PRO Men's Helix 8 Inches Composite Toe Work Boot,Black,9.5 M US Timberland PRO Men's Helix 8 Inches Composite Toe Work Boot,Black,9.5 M US, item was shipped as expected, comfortable, long wearing shoes.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland PRO 87568 Men's Helix Black 8-inch Comp Toe Excellent/Outstanding Boots. These boots have never disappointed me. I have another pair, the ones for construction, with the steel toe and puncture resistant sole, very durable. The honeycomb built-in insole is what separates these boots from the rest. I can be on my feet for 8 hours or more in these boots and no feel fatigued or have any discomfort. The boots waterproofing is also great, feet stay dry no issues. The material of the boot and outer sole are very durable, can stand up to anything.
B005I6ZCYU Great composite toe shoe, but one squeaks I got these for work, where I need safety shoes in the lab.  Once you've work composite toes there's no going back to steel.  These are quite comfy and keep my feet noticeably cooler than my other leather boots.  One thing that I did not expect was that the toe elevated.  This makes it easy to stabilize while on your toes and also helps with the walking motion.After a week and for several months since, my left shoe has started to squeak from the composite toe section.  It's not the worst thing, but I can't give it 5 stars due to this.
B006T2EJC8 comfortable work boot I am a 12-13 Wide.  I have had at least 6 pairs of these.  I go through 1-2 pairs of boots a year.  I work on a factory floor where steel toes are required.  The 12W fits well.  They are a little heavy, but for steel toes, they are reasonably comfortable.  I used to wear georgia boot slip on steel toes, and these timberlands are more comfortable.
B006T307QE An Excellent Choice Well I have never worn a steel toe in my life, I waited till the last minute and I needed them for my job.  Sure enough as stated, day one. I was able wear them and feel like I had worn them for months... no break in and they were so comfy I almost didn't want to take em off
B006T307QE Nice boot! By far one of the better boots I have had. Little narrow due to the steel toe, but acceptable. I have not had these but a short time, So we will see how they fair...
B006T307QE EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE Comfortable, and durable boot. Fits as expected for a steel toe boot. A little bulkier around the top than anticipated but it could be due to my husbands skinny ankles.
B006T307QE Job well done by Timberland Very comfortable right out of the box and not heavy at all for a steel toe boot. A lot of nice features on the boots ie: lacing system, sole, and the Anti-Fatigue footbed.
B006T307QE Good boot, BUT... I do not normally review products here, but as footwear is a pretty important item and both expensive and time consuming to shop for, I think it is worthwhile providing a review that may assist others in search of similar footwear.  First of all, I was looking for a well formed, supportive boot which would both protect the foot and minimize flexing (I have metatarsal problems from an old march fracture that can be easily aggravated); I do not work heavy construction or anything like that and those of you who do your needs are different I'm sure.  I was looking for a steel shank, but it appears this is nowhere near as common as it once was, being replaced with various fiberglass or composites instead.  While steel toe is a nice to have, it is not a must have feature for me and is the primary problem I have with this boot.  In Timberland hiking boots I wear an 11, regular width; in this boot I first tried an 11 extra wide having read other reviews of similar Timberland work boots which warned they are on the narrow side.  I could have lived with that width I think, but the toe box was far too small for me.  I could barely stand to wear them.  I sent them back for a 12 extra wide and while this is the perfect width for me, and the rest of the boot feels great, the toe box is still too small and within hours was seriously impinging on the sides of my big toes.  Given the degree of discomfort and annoyance so quickly, from a part of the boot that will not "break in," I must conclude that, at least for me, this boot's safety toe is just too small for my feet in a size that otherwise fits the rest of my foot securely.  I am going to have to return this pair as well and continue looking for a boot, perhaps without a steel toe altogether, that will fit my needs.  As it is, the boot itself is just too uncomfortable to wear.  In short, this is a good or possibly even great boot, but is more narrow than other Timberland products I am familiar with (so order large), and has a steel toe cap that is too intrusive for me to use.I wish to compliment Amazon and Timberland both for the ease with which returns and such have been processed.  Timberland also offers a 30 day money back guarantee for comfort fit that is included in the box when the package arrives.
B006T307QE Really "Too Large" does not fit the issue... Amazon's posting did no not show these boots were a steel toe shoe. I really was looking for comfort and light weight, since I work on a concrete floor all day these were not. Returned the the day after receiving them.
B006T307QE awesome boot!!! I was in search of a good and comfortable work boot. Well found it. I'm not a steel/ composite toe person but I don't notice the differance! Felt good from first fit. Nice insole comfort. I would recomend for trade worker!! A++
B006T307QE work boots These boots are comfortable and waterproof. They are light for steel toe boots as well. I would buy them again.
B006T307QE Worth every penny This is my second pair of Timberline pro boots with the anti fatigue insoles. My last pair were the endurance steel toe boots. The Hyperion has only one insole and is a little harder than the endurance. It is much lighter though. I figured they would be a good summer boot over the endurance. Overall they fit well and keep me feet from hurting. I do commercial refrigeration and I am on my feet sometimes for 12 plus hrs and no other boot has even come close to timberlands pro series. Although the endurance has 2 insoles and is more comfy they are heavy and hot not good for the summer months in NC! So these fill that void and are lighter and almost as comfortable and seem to breath better. The toe box is ok and I have wide feet. When you first try them on the toe box seems small like they don't fit but wear them for an ht or two around the house and you will realize they do actually fit and are not too small. All of timberlands boots are like that. I recommend there boots with the anti fatigue to everyone I know period!
B006T307QE Love these work shoes These boots require virtually no break in. They were comfortable as soon as I put them on. I was wearing Timberland Pro Endurance Steel Toe before. They are an excellent boot but they are a little heavy. When I got the Hyperions and put them on the weight difference was substantial. Much lighter weight and VERY comfortable. I will definitely be buying them again when they wear out.
B006T30U8E one of the best workshoes of all times Very comfortable since day one. I use them at work and at home will build shoes. I'll like it  without the steel toe
B006T32HGC Very, very nice boots. My first pair of Timberland boots is initially very impressive.  I might write a long-term review later but first impressions are that the boots are well-thought out with lots of good features.  Material quality seems very high.  Fit and construction seem very good.I consider myself very very hard on footwear and was looking for a heavy-duty workboot with a shank and footplate to prevent nail punctures during carpentry, or protect against cactus and sharp rocks when hiking in west Texas.  Where Timberland convinced me to to try their product is that this boot is also rated as a hiker, with climbing rubber on the toes, and an athletic last.  So if Timberland can make a comfortable, high-speed hiking and adventure boot, tough enough to stand up to concrete/carpentry/welding work etc, then its a winner.Sizing is very good for my needs.  As a runner, my feet are narrow and most workboots are too large in the arch and too narrow in the toebox, especially if they are safety-toes.  Since the material quality is so high on these it will take some time to break them in but first impression is that they will remain comfortable for a long time.  If my feet were bigger(fatter) there would be plenty of room.  If they were skinnier adding an extra insole would keep the fit perfect.These are NOT steel-toe or safety-toe.  They do however have 3 layers of material on the toe-caps.  The feel is that the toes are well protected without the pinching of steel-toes.Final first impression- the picture shows the boots with red laces; Timberland also includes black laces.  I've never bought a pair of shoes that came with spare laces.  Simple details like that impress me so I would recommend Timberland in your search.One more suggestion- Timberland should sell these, and other similar boots, in more athletic and outdoor stores.  This appears to be a very good product with a perfect price.  The value is definitely there and is an opportunity to compete with Wolverine and other work-hikers.
B006T32HGC Timberland Work Boot Really like these boots. Sizing was accurate, very comfortable, exceptional waterproof, and very light weight. Easilly can where this boots all day without having the fatigue of my old boots. They have a good rubber soul with a heavy tread design to stay stable and maintain sure footing. Highly reccommend for an all weather work boot for people that do not did a steel toe.
B006T32HGC awesome. .. Nice and comfortable boot... its hard to find timberland with steel toe in my country im so happy with this boots...
B006T32HGC As comfortable as I had hoped.. After looking at the main 3 styles of this line and deciding to not purchase a steel toe I felt these fit the bill for what i needed .. Sizing appeared to be normal from all the reviews with a few exceptions so i stopped by a local retailer and just tried on a Timberline boot ( not this Line as they didn't carry these ) just to get an idea ...Although a steel toe line, they seemed normal so i ordered my usual size..  Boot fits great.  Design of the lace loops pictured is excellent and works easily to snug up comfortably.. Sole is very flexible and toe room is ample in a medium width.First time purchasing a Timberline Boot and I'm very pleased.  Actual purchased 2 pairs and gave the first pair to my son who recently joined my Company. He wore them one day and stated these boots are incredible.... Have to agree. Feel great, support well. can't ask for more...
B006T32HGC very comfy! I'm in construction and these Tim's provide excellent comfort. I dont think I'll ever go back back to the traditional leather steel toe shoe.
B006T32HGC toe and mesh material need improvising mesh material really didn't last the 4 days I tested it in landscaping, so i wouldn't recommend it if you're in a really physical environment.  The toe is a non safety toe yet it still feels like a steel toe. I've had steel toes before and they didn't give my toe problems as much as this boot had.  the width was fine, everything else was fine except for my big toe. I returned the boots and will be going back to the Pitboss Pro until they come out with more toe friendly alternative.
B006T32HSK So far so good In august I purchased some normal timberland steel toe boots, by the end of November the toe was completely worn off.  I decided I would try these, despite being kind of ugly.  They are very comfortable, and we will see how they hold up over time.  All my boots have had the same failure, worn out toe.  The only exception was the carhartt logger boots, I still wear those as a back up, despite being three years old.  The only issue is the heal is so high, kind of hard to walk.  I hope these work out, because they do feel like sneakers, very warm, very waterproof.
B006T32WNK timberland pro This boots are real comfortable  I thought because they were steel toe they weren't going to be to comfortable but I was wrong
B006T32WNK Awsome Boots! Light and ready to wear for 9 hours on concrete floors even with steel toes.Wide enough, comfortable removable insole. Order them and delivered by UPS before in two days!
B0072NQIZ4 So comfy! Ok, we'll I've only worked one eight hour shift with these (restaurant) and I gotta say I'm 100% impressed! My feet did not hurt, bolster, or tire. My toes were spread out, not all smashed in the toe. Cushy, supportive, and non slip. Truly amazed and I'm in love!  Can't really run or jog in them but why would you want to?  I have a giant, 24 hour shift coming up and I'm on my feet 90% of the time so ill update review after that.  I would highly recommend for anyone who's in the service industry!  No steel toe though.
B007TGA2JM Great Boots Love these boots! They're pretty easy to keep clean and very comfortable after some breaking in. I get so  many compliments on them. I wear them every day, work or going out, and they go with almost everything. I was kind of hoping they would be steel toe though. But I will definitely buy them again when I wear out the ones I have now.
B008VPU0GK Great boots Very comfortable light weight boot, for light work and hiking.  Great boots to slip on after a long day in the heavy steel toed boots.
B00AAPHB2U Shank means steel/fiberglass toe I presumed shank was what goes along the bottom, like a last.  However, I was wrong.  It would appear to be the protection in the toe up front.  And, it makes the shoe quite heavy.If I needed that protection, I suppose it would be a good shoe.I just don't.
B00B0DPJX4 Timberland are the Best Timberland's were my first pair of steel-toe shoes i bought for my job. This is my 2nd pair and i love the comfort in Timberland shoes because they are comfortable and light on my feet. I would never buy anything but Timberland.
B00B7FJV8O Better than steel toe boot. Nice fit (I have a narrow foot); very comfortable and warm. Composite toe is much warmer than steel toe boot.
B00B7GRUKY Still big! I wear a 12M, thanks to other reviews and previous experience with timberland workshoes I ordered a size smaller.  It's still a little larger than I would like, but the fit pretty well and are decently comfortable for a steel toe shoes.  I added SuperFeet inserts and now my feet don't feel that fatigued anymore.The shoes themselves look like boat shoes, not steel toe shoes.  Working as a production manager this allows me to look white collar but still be blue collared at heart.
B00B7H57J4 Retired Military Currently a 15 year veteran, three tours of duty, two combat, and still employed by DOD I like these boots, they are very comftable, not too heavy, light weight and durable. I would purchase these boots again. One of the best features is the side zipper for quick change and the composite toe which unlike steel toe boots you can not feel. I recommend getting them in wide, it provides more play and comfort for your feet.
B00B7H5M4O excellent grade of military/everyday work boots I use these every day for at work in normal circumstances (where steel toe is not required) and I'm actively jumping about all day (oil field) so it is very important that the footwear can meet the mark.The other point is as an ex-soldier I really value good foot-wear to avoid having blisters and sweaty feet that can cause no end of troubles.Comfort(they have anti-fatigue in-sole) durability and waterproofing are 150% (I wear these at present in very rough weather)They also have a hard composite toe so a good everyday toe protection is also there.So all round Timberland have made a good pair of everyday/military grade boot that provides comfort, support and a boot you can wear 16 hrs and not need them surgically removed.My only doubt for the military guys/gals would be under extreme circumstances the lifespan of the zips (they seem mega strong) but that would be my only doubt, I couldn't live with-out the zips now.
B00B9PIUS4 Wish they had steel toes!! Very attractive boot.  Took advise of other reviewers, they do run about a 1/2 size large.  My husband generally wears a 12EE but the 11.5 W fit perfectly.  My husband actually prefers a steel toe boot so we returned these but he really like them other wise.
B00BCJX6TU TIGHT & NOT MUCH ROOM THE BOOT IS SNUG AND FITS EXACTLY.LITTLE TO NOOO TOE ROOM ..I MEAN THE BIG TOE AND BABY TOE. SO IF THOSE ARE ISSUES FOR YOU GO A HALF SIZE UP. BUT THE BOOT IS CUTE AND STURDY
B00EAKXW6K Great Boot Except for... The insole heel is too thick. This pushes my foot forward ramming my toes into edges of the the toe box and makes for awkward walking. I pulled out the insole and replaced it with one of those Dr. Shoals gel inserts. Slightly less cushioning, but more comfortable.This is a great boot. It has it all. Goodyear welt construction that beats cemented soles that separate eventually, electrical hazard rating, waterproof, and a composite protected toe.Also, keep in mind that this is a heavy boot, even with a lightweight composite toe. If you don't feel you need toe protection, I wouldn't get a boot that has it. You will get used to the added weight, though.As for sizing, I would go with your regular shoe size, no larger. The toe box is roomy. I did opt for the wide version, for a little extra room so the little toe would not rub, but I could have easily been happy with the normal width.
B00EAKXW6K Great boot Great boot very comfortable , like wearing sneakers, large toe box great for people with wide feet like me and need to wear steel toe boots. The composite toe protector doesn't add much weight to the boot either.
B00EAL4D1M Light and comfy These are lighter than steel toe and very comfortable. Nice shoes for work and fit just like my other Timberland shoes.
B00GNZFWA4 Great boots but where's my receipt? The boots fit well and, while they get a little heavy after 10 or 12 hours, they are safety toe shoes so this is to be expected. These have "composite" toes, not steel so they are a little lighter. A little rubbing of the toe cap is also still to be expected.My problem with this shipment is that I again didn't get a receipt of any kind. This happened the last time I ordered shoes too. Luckily, they fit perfectly both times but what if they hadn't? You can't make a return without a dated sales receipt!
B00GNZFWA4 These Boots are Composite Toe - NOT STEEL TOE! When I saw these boots for this price, I had to get them, due to the good reviews. The price was very good and the delivery was quick. When I got these boots and put them on, the boots are very heavy, but was a comfortable fit. (I ordered them in a wider width) But once they were on, they felt good and were comfortable to wear. They are safety approved, which my job requires them to be, and I did not know that they are composite toe instead of steel toe which makes them more comfortable. I never had a composite toe boot, but once wearing them, they feel better than the steel toe. Here in the Northeast this week, we had heavy rains for the last couple of days, and the boots did not get wet inside at all, since they are waterproof. Once you break these in, I'll bet that they feel great. This is a great boot for the money and Timberland did a great job in the construction of these boots.The only drawback (which is personal) is that I wish they came in solid black instead of the white (and slight blue) accents along the top and bottom of the boot. (BTW: you get two shoelaces with the boots: 1 blue - 1 black) So I wear the black laces.
B00GNZFWA4 BE AWARE....THESE ARE STEEL-TOE BOOTS These boots did not mention in their description  that they are steel toed.  I had to return them which annoyed me because I had paid for expedited shipping to get them sooner.  If you like steel-toe boots, they look like they will be terrific.  If you are looking for a soft, comfy, sneaker-like boot, keep looking.  I gave this 5 stars because when I examined the boot, it looks to be of a very high quality and they look very sharp.  I dont want to lower the rating because of an oversight in the description.
