B000073TM3 not the timberland I thought I knew I have always respected Timberland products. Not this time. This shoe came with nearly nothing inside for support or padding. There was very little to it but shell.
B000BB15ZC Perfect for a more dressier casual boot. I have to wear above the ankle boots to support a foot-drop condition and these fill the bill. They're dressy yet lightweight. The sizing runs true.
B000BB15ZC One of most comfortable footwear I have ever own They did not require breaking in. They support feet and ankles extremely well while walking and feel equally comfortable while driving as well as seating. I had thought that the Teva boots might be more comfortable for city walking and light hiking than these boots. These boots are definitely better except it does not have the same high arch support that Teva offers. I use superfeet in all of my footware except Teva. I am using superfeet with these boots.
B000BB15ZC Very comfortable. I bought these for hiking boots. Wanted something to support my ankles, provide traction and be waterproof. I saw the great reviews and cheap price and thought I had nothing to lose. I have foot issues with plantar and arthritis. I wear orthotics in most of my shoes so picky about what I wear. These boots felt great from the minute I put them on. I did put some inserts in for support. They fit great. First hike was just 5 miles but no problems at all. More comfortable than my running shoes or Merrell low cut hiking shoes. Hope they last but no problem recommending for comfort and function.
B000BB15ZC Comfort, support, quality. The boot fits more like a shoe. With its lower back and tall front, this boot is great for mobility and provides easy full range of motion and support. The quality of the materials and build are what you'd expect for Timberlands. GorTex provides water repellency and the mesh sides allow the boot to breathe okay. Probably not ideal for hot weather environments as they are a bit insulated. The leather is of great quality and the limited stitching is reinforced. The sole is great for around town use, and right at home on the trail. For ideal fit, I think I'll add a set if gel inserts, though a this I sick would suffice. I simply want to maximize the support and cut down on shock as their intended purpose are uneven trail and beach hiking.If your looking for a great fit, great quality, and an affordable multi-season boot; look no further.
B000BB15ZC most comfortable out of the box boots I have ever worn I have been wearing hiking boots, technical climbing boots, logger boots, and in recent years the ultra lightweight hiking boots like the Chocurua, and none have been as comfortable from the moment I put them on. Something that is very unusual about the last that is used by Timberland is that it provides a comfortable amount of space at the front for your toes and sock end but the heal section is narrower and provides exceptional lateral support for your foot.On step 10-15 degree dirt slopes these boots with their ankle and heel support and grippy sole make for excellent traction and it is easy to maintain your footing. Steep trail sections that were a bit of a challenge with my old boots are a breeze to go up and down with these boots.I do not know if these boots would hold up to heavy back packing but that is not their intended use. If you want a boot that gives you excellent traction and foot support on loose soil or mud and like to stay on your feet, these shoes are the ones to get. They are lightweight hikers and for day hikes they provide very good arch support right out of the box. With the last three pairs of boots I have had to add Pinnacle Powerstep supports and throw away the insoles that came with them from the manufacturer. Not so with these Timberland boots which to me represents a $25 savings.
B000BFIHVS very comfortable shoes ! my dad loves these, they look amazing ! they provide good support for his feet and with the prices on amazon, this is a great buy !
B000BFIHVS Very Very Happy My guy friend LOVES them - he works construction - not using them for hiking; however, he says they are light and comfortable and provide great support. No more aching legs after a day on the job.
B000BFIHVS Not comfortable at all This boot does not fit like previous Timberland boots.  There is no arch support and the foot pad feels hard.
B000BFIHVS Strong support yet comfy My feet are rather wide so I was concerned about the size. I'm pleased to say these are very comfortable. They are easy to put on and take off yet provide good support.
B000BFIHVS Great for Light Duty Hiking I am 6', 175 lb.  and wanted a light duty hiking boot.  So far I have about 15 city miles on these and they are great; no breaking required as they are fairly flexible.  At the same time they do seem to provide very good support and are very comfortable.  I would not use them for backpacking as they do not have the support I would want for that.  I have a heavier pair for backpacking, snowshoe, etc.
B000BFIHVS Durable, Comfortable, Versatile and Attractive DURABILITY: I had a pair of these for 7 years before finally cashing them in, and then only because the tread was starting to wear down and the exterior was looking worn; the structure itself remained well intact even though I wore them every day for every function from September through April. After shopping around for other boots of various brands (including the slightly more expensive Timberland Flume boots), I just had to come back to these for the value.COMFORT: The shoes feel a little stiff right out of the box, but they provide great arch support and felt extremely comfortable within two (2) hours of wearing them. The insole breaks in quickly to be much cushier to wear than it feels to the touch -- so much so that I don't think I need to use the Dr. Scholl's shoe inserts that I normally put in all my other shoes.USAGE/FIT: I've gone through LOTS of snow and water with these, and the waterproofing was wonderful. This is also a sporty shoe that you can hike, climb, and even run in. They're slim, light and agile, they hug your feet well (including the heels), and they provide excellent ankle support. The FIRST night I wore them, I literally did a cross-training workout with lots of lateral movement to test them out, and they passed with flying colors.COLOR/APPEARANCE: This newer model is VERY similar to the old one, only with slightly different tread and a brownish-gold collar and tongue cloth that matches the brown leather better than the older silverish-white cloth shown on Amazon. The brown leather is initially a little darker than it appears on Amazon, but lightens with time and water exposure. However, even after 7 years of wear, I was still getting compliments on how they looked -- both on the trail and at Christmas parties.SIZE: I normally wear a 10.5 or 11 shoe, and these fit perfectly at 10.5. I have narrow feet, so the narrower (D/M) size works well, but it's snug; if there's ANY doubt, or if you're borderline in shoe width, get the wider (E) size.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's Boots Being a sandal and tennis shoe person when I started wearing these boots I had forgotten just how much support a good shoe gives you. Foot and ankle support and protection are great?
B000BFIHVS Great boots. These boots fit well, are easily broken in, and provide good ankle support. They are very reasonably priced and I think that they will last a long time.
B000BFIHVS great all around boot. i'm very pleased with these boots. i received them a few days ago and went on a nice, long mountain hike. A+ for support & comfort. give them a try.
B000BFIHVS Revised: Not So Great After All At first, these boots seemed well-made and comfortable.  But they've really disappointed me after less than a year's wear.  1. Soles are a soft rubber that wears quickly and doesn't seem constructed to last.  On mine, where the heels are worn, there's just a thin strip of rubber left that's not even attached to an underlayer of different material. 2. Inside the boots, at the ankle, the material has shredded and now rubs uncomfortably. 3. The stitching and cloth areas have worn significantly on the tongue and around the upper. 4. Toe top dented and collapsed on the left shoe within a month of purchase - right toe did not.  5. Left shoe tongue seems improperly attached since it doesn't line up properly between the uppers when the lace is tied.I might understand some of these problems if I had worn the boots in rough conditions or for work, but these were just for light walking and casual wear.I no longer recommend this product and apolgize for doing so initially.** Initial Review follows - No longer Recommending these boots **  I'm seriously impressed with these boots. They fit perfectly and needed no break-in time. I have flat feet and have to use a custom insert with extra arch support.  The insert works great with this boot and that has not been the case with some other shoes I've tried. I wanted boots with ankle support but was concerned about chafing and rubbing.  I've had absolutely no problems though, because the padding and cut are very comfortable.  I'm 66. I use these boots for daily fitness walking near my home and occasional light hiking in local nature preserves.These are great boots for my uses and the price was great too!
B000BFIHVS Decent boot Got them to replace my everyday boots.  They seem to fit ok, they are a little low in the toe, but the arch support is good, and the footbed is comfy.
B000BFIHVS Exclusively Timberland for my feet These are the only hiking/work boots I can find under $100 (on sale) with decent arch support. I wear out a pair a year, so I buy one of two styles any time I see them on sale and can get my size. Never a problem with quality or comfort.
B000BOFDF2 Well made These are handsome and well made ankle high boots.  The only drawback is that they are more like a skate shoe inside, so we added a insert for some arch support.  Good quality for the price.
B000G1Z9XG Great price, very stiff hiker. I never had this particular color, but it has poor support for this to be considered a hiking boot. I recommend to future buyers, get a comfortable insole.
B000G21BSC Bought 2 Pairs, Never Wear Anything Else I've gone through four pairs of these boots. I want to be buried in these boots. I LOVE these boots.Durability: 5/5. I wear these hiking, at work, riding my horse, *everywhere*, and they hold up for a solid year. Mud slogs, abuse, thick brush, broken glass-- they take it all. NO problems with broken lace rings or bent tabs, those babies are solid metal. Sole could be a tad thicker, as I've had nails punch through pretty easily, but they aren't work boots, so whatevs. Laces will need to be replaced a couple of times of course.Waterproofing: 2.5/5. When they're fairly new, they're good in the rain, snow and puddles. As they get older or under worse conditions, they are NOT waterproof. Leather treatments can help, but not totally.Fit/Support: 4/5. The boots do lack arch support. Eh, it's not a running shoe, so it's not a huge deal. Love the fit, tends to be err slightly to the wider side, which is great for me personally. I had always worn a regular 9, which was about perfect, currently trying a 9 wide and finding it even nicer.Useability: 5/5. You can run in these if you need to, they're not that heavy and they're reasonably flexible (once you break them in). There's just enough of a heel to help with horseback riding, and enough support in them so when you get stepped on, it's not a big deal. They're great for hiking of course. The tread isn't absolutely the most grippy, but does a pretty decent job. The tread DOES tend to retain mud, so scrub 'em up before going into work.
B000G23DQK Very comfortable and sturdy boots These are not only the most comfortable boots I have ever had, but probably one of the most comfortable pieces of footwear in general. They provide a good level of support while also allowing your foot to breath. I can attest that the waterproofing works perfectly, right up to the top of the boot.
B000G23X74 Great price and Purple and real Timberland How could you go wrong? I got them for $35 !!They actually have arch support unlike other boat shoes.And did I mention they are purple............
B000G24LJS got it for my son Really great shoe for the money, good value, good support, nice looking, the only thing it needs is a better insole, but that's with most shoes, and why dr. scholls sells them!!
B000HGZRUK Looks great! But needs more support. Pros: Durable, looks great. Good quality.Cons: No arch support. There really isn't a whole lot of structure to these shoes.I bought them for my husband for Christmas, and he has to get inserts for them. If I'm going to spend this much money on shoes, they better be perfect. And they're not. He loves them because they look great and will last forever, but they don't feel the best. To me, the structure of the shoe is most important...not the looks of the shoe.
B000KVA7YI arch very poor arch in these boots  I ended up with foot problems  when i got better arch shoes my feet got better.
B000MQHHB2 Quality Item Very nice socks priced good. Has great arch support, by compression. Helps my husbands plantar fasciitis. Will definitely only buy these from now on.
B000NKIGNK So far so good. I wear arch support insoles and the shoe insoles were glued in so I had to peel them out.  Fortunately they weren't glued especially well. Other than that I'm happy.  They softened up pretty well after applying neatsfoot oil.
B000VQ9QKS Awesome boots, great value These boots are super!  I have week ankles and they support without pinching or making my ankles ache.  The first pair I've had for about 8 years.  The metal broke on the first shoestring holder and one pull strap is torn, but I still wear them for yard work. Other than that the soles and stitching are fine.  I will wear them until they fall apart.  The new boot was comfortable the 1st day I put them on.  They have good arch support which is important as I have a constant battle keeping plantar fasciitis at bay.  They are roomy enough for thick socks in the winter but will tighten up around lighter socks for summer hikes. I have several pair of more expensive hiking boots in my closet pretty much collecting dust.  They don't compare in comfort and performance to these Timberlands.  They are my &#34;go to&#34; hiker.  I hope Timberland never quits making them.
B000VQ9QKS Perfect These boots were a little stiff out of the box, but within two hours of wearing felt like soft gloves. The length feels exactly right, but the toe box has extra room, which works beautifully for me. I was a little concerned at first because I thought the toe box would make them feel like clown shoes...not at all. Plus they look like they fit right--no clown in sight. They are comfortable, plenty of arch support, soft around my ankles, they keep my feet dry while tromping through snow, and have serious traction on slushy/icy surfaces.
B000VQ9QKS Awesome - Just one thing! I absolutely LOVE my Timberland Chocoruas! I've had one issue with the ankle support inside the boot - it hits up against my ankle bones. Once I broke them in and put a gel insert over the offending edge, they were perfect!
B000VQ9QKS Timberland Women's Chocorua Trail Boot is a delight I am so pleased with the comfort, fit and look of the Chocorua Trail Boot.My husband had ordered other hiking boots for me and they were all stiff and uncomfortable however when I triedthe Timberland Chocorua it was like meeting an old friend. I am especialy happy with the support and fit in the arch area.
B000VQ9QKS Rim to River to Rim These boots worked out great for me when I went hiking in the Grand Canyon. No real need to break them in, great ankle support, very comfortable. The tread was perfect, no problems slipping, even on wet rocks. I would highly recommend them.
B000VQ9QKS good fit good boot I already have an exact pair for work which are very comfortable, especially important since I have foot issues. I just needed a new pair of the same boot.  Toe is box type, good arch support, and warm and I can wear them all day without any discomfort.
B000VQBPOS Good boots for work. These are good boots for my job as a Vet Tech, where I am on my feet all day. I would prefer if the boots were a little higher in the ankle, like another Timberland pair I have, but they perform well. Good support, though I added a heel support to help with these 12-hour days. They have suffered quite a beating cos I wear them so much but they have held up well. The leather, although scratched by many big dog nails, is now soft and well-worn and the boots will last a long time, I think.
B000VQBPOS Love 'em These shoes would have been perfect and worth 5 stars if they didn't give my left ankle such an issue. With the lower ankle support, it rubs my bony little ankle kind of hard and I've had to wrap it up since, but other than that the shoes are perfect! They aren't too heavy and they don't make my feet look huge. They have also kept my feet completely dry even though they themselves have been soaked all over. If I buy more, I'm totally going for the pink ones :)
B000VW69IY Support of a shoe, comfort of a sandal Nice sandals - almost shoes - with excellent comfort and support. Good strap closure design. All 'round outstanding, and good value for the money.
B000VW69IY Great city or country men's sandal. I recently purchased a pair of Timberland Altamont fishermen's sandals are I am very impressed. Sole is rugged and it has a great insole.  Great arch support!  Rugged good looks for city or country.  Easy on and off with great foot support.  I like them a lot and will purchase another color soon.
B000VW69IY Good shoe Have only worn them once but they seem great. They have a great arch support. Seemed heavy but did't feel like it when they are on.
B000VW69IY Excellent show Really like these shoes. great arch support, very comfortable to wear over long periods of time, and looks great, too. i've got a wide foot and this shoe is one i will go back to buy more of.
B000VW69IY Prefect Shoe So happy with these . Ordered a 2EE send me W . It fits good . Little more wearing and stretching they will fit prefect with ankle socks . Nice to walk in too , good support for me . Since i have grown older my feet have gone south on me i have three different serious problems that need medication daily .Very hard to find a fit . These Timberland shoes are soft leather , good width good support . Very wearable for me . Winner
B000VW69IY A Very Nice Sandal... My only problem is the high, rigid built-in arch support. With my flat feet, it's going to take some time to wear in these shoes.
B000VWEP12 Light and comfortable These run very true to size and fit nicely. If you have narrow feet like I do putting a comfort inner sole such as the Dr scholls gel will make them fit perfectly. They have good arch support, are very light, and will be excellent for travel or trade-show use. I have one in each of the three colors, brown, tan, and black.If you like the feel of a good pair of running shoes, but can't wear running shoes because they look to casual, these shoes will be a perfect compromise.
B000VX01V4 Great fit and attractive shoe. Cheap insert. Very pleased with the fit and appearance. However, I would suggest they upgrade their insert. It is too small, flimsy and frequently falls out plus offers no support.
B000VX03GC GREAT SHOE FIT AS EXPECTED. EXCELLENT ARCH SUPPORT. VERY GOOD QUALITY CONSTRUCTION. I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY THESE AGAIN. I WISH THEY WERE A FEW DOLLARS CHEAPER.
B000VX03GC Finally, a hiker that fits me I run the hunting dog early morning and in the evening in all kinds of terrain.  Just love these boots.  Light and good ankle support.
B000VX03GC The perfect lightweight boot Comes up far enough to provide ankle support, which I need due to ripped tendons in one ankle. Breaths nicely so your feet do not get hot. Sturdy without being heavy.
B000VX03GC Durable, water resistant hiker with great ankle support I love these boots - This is my third pair.  I am an avid urban hiker, hiking 1 to 3 h a day to commute.  I routinely get 9 to 12 months out of these boots before I need to replace them, which makes them pretty durable given the amount of abuse I put them through.  They also have great ankle support - which is a must for me since I seem to be prone to ankle injury.  They will keep your feet dry when walking through puddles and they clean up easily.
B000VX03GC Lightweight These boots are light on your feet. That's a plus. But for me they don't have enough arch support. However they do have decent ankle support. And there's lots of room in the toe box. The boots are just too soft, yet breaking in is easy. If you plan on doing any serious hiking or backpacking your feet will hurt after a few miles. I just use these for working around the yard.
B000VX03GC These boots are made for walking! Got these to replace exact same boots bought in 2007, which finally have significant wear. They saww three years of 6 hour day hikes on the Appalachian Trail, along with routine daily wear. They provide outstanding support for the ankles and fit well. When you know your size, you won't be disappointed.
B000VX03GC Sign of the times They're not even broken in yet. Haven't forded any streams.Good arch support. The Gore-Tex is good at venting. Thought Nu Buck was a synthetic, it's cowhide; jury's still out on how mink oil does on 'em. Didn't pay $90+ for 'em.
B000VX03GC Very comfortable and durable These are the most comfortable mid-height boot I have ever worn. I feel I have lots of ankle support, and they grip surfaces well. This is the second pair I have purchased.  I will likely purchase these again when I wear these out.
B000VX03WQ If the shoe fits it still may not be the shoe for you Dimensionally the shoe fit as expected.  What I didn't expect was that the insert and arch support provided little support.  I purchased a pair of after market inserts that make all the difference in comfort and support (when not walking or hiking).  This shoe needs some breaking in time before you take them on any trail.  The all leather upper is very inflexible, so the stride is very stiff and therefore not comfortable to walk in.  I put about 5 miles on the boot and was bothered continually by shoe lace gromment stitching on the inside of the boot touching the ankle.  I gave it another 5 miles with continued discomfort.  Unfortunately I've given up trying to wear these well made boots. Bottom line, I'm disappointed.
B000VX03WQ Great boots Fit well good support ince broke on very comfortable require let or no maintenance to maintain their appearance would recommend
B000VX03WQ GREAT BOOTS I PURCHASED THESE BOOTS BECAUSE I RECENTLY BROKE MY ANKLE PRETTY BADLY. I NEEDED A SHOE WITH GOOD SUPPORT, LOOKED GOOD WITH JEANS OR KHAKI'S AND I COULD WALK ON CONCRETE ALL DAY IF NEEDED. SO FAR I CAN'T COMPLAIN WITH ANYTHING ABOUT THE BOOT. DON'T KNOW HOW DURABLE IT WILL END UP BEING, BUT IT'S A CLASSIC TIMBERLAND SO I DON'T HAVE ANY CONCERNS THERE RIGHT NOW.
B000VX04DO I wear them as work boots. These Timberland boots are sturdy enough to wear as work boots. I work as a truck mechanic and I am on my feet most of the day. They could use better arch support. I wear orthopedic inserts (orthodics) inside of them to provide better support and stability. So far I have not slipped in them. It would be nice if they had a lining that would wick away moisture.
B000XEACHO Nice boots! My husband is on his second pair, and the Only issue is he wishes it had more arch support. But with some arch supports they will be fine. No serious issues .
B000XEAJOK good boots, back support broke 2 years later I bought these boots 2+ years ago and wear them occasionally.  Last week the support structure on the back of the boot broke.  I took them to the boot repairman, and he said that happens often.  Great comfortable boot, good until the back breaks out.
B000XEAMXS Comfortable, light weight. These are some great boots. Very comfortable, light weight. Good support while on a ladder. The heal rubs a little bit from where the softer part of the heal bends in. Overall these have been great so far. 3 months.
B000XEEQAI Great Boot!! I've been wearing this particular style of boot for about six years. I wore the soles off of my first pair after about a year. Called Timberland, and they replaced them for free. This is a comfortable, and cool boot, with plenty of support for your feet, and goood ankle support. I've exposed these to some pretty serious abuse, and I am pleased with how well they have held up.
B000XEEW9S nice boots It's my first time buy timberland boots and I am satisfied.These boots are soft, lightweight,good cushion of forefoot and support of arch.Totally  very comfortable and reasonable price! I'l see if it is durable.
B000XEH2JA Comfortable, Good Quality Work Shoe These boots are comfortable, and durable.  I just purchased my second pair as I had to leave the 1st at a job site.  The boots are comfortable out of the box - no painful break-in.  They are relatively lightweight and easy to put on.  Provide god ankle support and good cushioning for the heel.
B000XEH2JA Great Boot I bought these for my son. He said they are very comfortable and he wore them initially for 4 hours without any complaints. This is especially amazing because he has almost flat feet and it is hard to find shoes that fit comfortably. He felt they had great support and looked good also. Very nice product!
B000XEIZ7S Great For The $ I have already spent a few long days in these boots. My feet are feeling a slight effect from the break in period, but not bad. Ankle support is great. I will be trying an insert to increase comfort. The boot is light and appears to be well built. Time will tell.
B000XEJ3HO Timberland Pros My buddy is a landscaper and recommended these work boots to me. He has the 8 inch and said he wears them in the hot summers and cold winters and his feet don't overheat or get too cold in the different seasons. So far I can vouch for staying warm in the winter. They are very comfortable and I can work in them all day and stay that way. The treads are a decent size so that they are pretty easy to wipe off if you're in and out of customers houses. They aren't steal toe but the toe is very protected. The leather seems pretty soft but apparently it holds up well. I got the six inch and I like the support, but I think I would like the 8 inch even more for even more support to the ankles.
B000XEKHOC Great Work Boots I purchased these boots for my job as a satellite tv installer. The boots look good, aren't very heavy, grip a ladder and roof shingles and offer ankle support. The best thing is the support of the shank. I was expecting a hard solid sole due to the shank but the inner sole was soft and gel cushioned which really helps when you are on your feet all day. I will definitely buy from this store again because they delivered exactly what was described in the product info and more.
B000XEKK94 Durability issues I have been a loyal Timberland Boot customer for years. Why I stay loyal, I don't know. Most of the styles that I have purchased are comfortable enough and look nice, but some have no cushion or arch support what so ever. This particular style has good inner padding but little arch support.  It seems that no style of Timberland Boots has a very durable sole. I usually go through 3 to 4 pairs of boots a year because the heals wear down so quickly. I'm a big guy and work construction all day, but a work boot should last longer than 3 months, which is about the life span of the boot.
B000XEKK94 Decent boots They're very well-made. They don't have much arch support, so I did have to add inserts. Otherwise, I'm really glad to have purchased these.
B000XEKK94 good support. good quality. Nice boot for the money. The leather and sole are sturdy and offer good support and comfort.The brown finish on the leather is attractive. Much better looking than the typical tan nubuck work boot.Would recommend. Am planning to purchase a second pair for all around use.
B000XEKK94 Great Boots!! Love these boots!  The sizes run about right, heavy firm, thick soles, and good ankle support.  Decent insulation and water resistance.  I get 1 year out of them working on the railroad walking on rough surfaces and big gravel/ballast all day.  They wear out on the back of the heel for me.
B000XEKK94 Great boots! Bought these the other day and they are great. Fit perfect (11D) and very comfortable. I'll add some insoles for a little extra arch support that I wear in most of my other shoes. Sturdy boots that should last a long time.
B000XELF3O Great pair of boots! Very comfortable. Use these in the garden and moving woord piles.  Great pair of boots.  Very comfortable.  Feet are protected on the top with steel toe  and the bottom hard rubber sole.  Great arch support.  Boots do run a lirttle narrow. Had to order one size up to get the proper width.
B000XELF3O Don't get these get the titans These are one of the most painful boots I have bought on years. Your feet don't flex, the insole cushion is very thin. The support under the pad is hard plastic that rolls a little up on the sides. Causing the support to dig into the sides of your feet. You can add another foot pad, but this will make the boots extremely tight. Since purchasing these I had been woken up with severe leg cramps.
B000XELF3O best work boot ive owned i work 10hr shifts on a cement floor and i must say these boots are real comfortable those long days. the also have this arch support which helps keep my feet less fatigued
B000XELF3O Very Comfortable I had issues with Plantar  Fasciitis for years and this boot was one of the shoes that helped me with my pain. I have a high arch as well and need arch support.  They work great with Sole Unisex Ed Viesturs Signature Edition Insoles that I got from Amazon as well.  Put the two of them together and it is about the most comfortable shoe you will put on.
B000XELF3O Great pair of boots! Very comfortable... was concerned that the steel toe would make them uncomfortable.  A lot of thought went into the design of this boot!  Extra padding at ankle for extra comfort, great arch support..  Will buy again
B000XELF3O finally ! great support, comfort, and protection all in one. especially good if you have fallen arches and have Fred Flintstone feet (wide) like me.
B000XELF3O Ouch I tried these on a trip to our field sites (3 days of wear). This may be one of the most uncomfortable pair of boots I've owned. They lack any arch support..set up for flat feet I think. They are going back to Amazon shortly. Love the look, not the fit.
B000XELF3O great bargin The boots fit well, and completely waterproof, and are comfortable to wear. They are sturdy with excellent construction and provide good support.
B000XETJU0 nice They are very comfortable and support my ankles really well. All around a really great buy for the price! ;All
B000XETJU0 Light and comfortable Got these two weeks ago and just love them. I had to put in an extra layer of padding to raise my ankle so it wouldn't rub but they are so comfortable I don't like to take them off when I get home.Light and well fitting and sufficient arch support that I don't need to add arch insoles. Very happy with the purchase.
B000XETJU0 Great workboot for concrete out of the box. Im in these boots 10+ hours on my feet during the work week, and without any added cushion/inserts these boots are great! I owned a pair of caterpillar boots before these for a little over a year, and for the same price range these blow them away. they have great arch support, solid construction, and the price is unbeatable on amazon.
B000XETJU0 Great boots Fast shipping, quality  crafted Boots. A little stiff , nothing that a good arch support insert didn't resove.  Nice color. Will def order another pair next year.
B000XETJU0 Great Boot!! Great product from timberland,nice foot support ,padded ankle ,roomy the size was a perfect fit,also ordered a pair for my wife,and could not beat the amazon price!!
B000XETJU0 Ok, so far Pretty comfortable, not much arch support though. Will wear and hope to break in, do a lot of walking so maybe this isn't what I'm looking for.
B000XETJU0 really good work boots. My husband really like these. he uses these as his work boots and he loves the arch support. Excellent buy, would recamend these.
B000XETJU0 Very Happy Out of the box very comfortable! Great support. Time will tell to see how well they wear..Alot of boot for a good price..
B000XETU1I roll my ankles not much ankle support. if you have a tendency to roll you ankles as i do, don't get these boots
B000XEVJJO NO ARCH SUPPORT,  POOR DESIGN FIRST I HAD TO BUY INSERTS TO GIVE THE BOOT SOME ARCH SUPPORT.  AFTER LESS THAN 90 DAYS THE EYELETS FOR THE SHOE STINGS ARE RIPPED OUT.  $100. DOWN THE DRAIN
B000XEVJJO Average I have owned a multitude of Timberland products over the years and have admired their fit, quality and durability; not so sure about these.  Seems the M width is not the same M width as previous pairs I have owned and they fit loose.  The sole flexibility is not as arch centered as previous pairs, there is no arch support built into the shoe or insoles.  The jury remains out but it may be time to switch to a different brand.
B000XEVLF6 My first steel toe pair of shoes My first steel toe pair of shoes as well as Timberlands. I have nothing to compare it to, but I am satisfied with the fit and performance. Arch support seems okay but I believe in buying specialized insert for arch support, so that is not as big a concern.The shoes seem heavy when held in hand but on feet does not seem noticeably too heavy.I would not oppose to owning another pair.
B000XEVLF6 Good arc support but no cushion at all (wear double socks!) I like them because they stoped my feet from cracking as I suffer from plantar fasciitis, but now I have sore feet, but I like that you could remove the insoles so that I can put my custom orthotics in, good durable shoe.
B000XEVM50 Timberland PRO Mens Mudsill Low steel toe black 11W It is very hard to find a good steel toed shoe, in wide widths with good arch support for my husband to wear to work that is also comfortable. He typically wears an 11 EEEE and these fit him great. He had plantar fascitis (sp?) and these give him the support he needs to keep his feet from hurting. He is on his feet about 12 hours a day in these and this is his third pair. I gave five starts because we can't find any other shoe that has all the features I listed above. I hope Timberland makes these for a long time.
B000XEVM50 Great work shoes very comfortable I am glad I bought these work shoes I went to foot doctor recently because I have foot pain from being on my feet all day. Doctor said it was because of flat feet that gave me plantar fasciitis. He gave a arch support and reading reviews on here about these shoes i decided to give them a try glad I did. First off these are very light considering that they have a steel toe in them but are very comfortable. The insoles in these really help the ball of my feet to stop hurting and arch support is helping heel and walking support but honestly my feet would be fine without heel support wear because doctor told me to. I can't review on long term wear and tear but if I get a year that is good enough for me but I always timberland and their has always done well by me for years. Must buyUPDATE I had these boots for a year and 2 months now the wear is starting to show, but the boot is definitely still useable. But I be another pair durably is good I wore these 8 hours a day and 40 hours a week and sometimes on weekends and they held up very well.
B000XEVM50 great pair of boots They are a great pair of boots, nice and snug fit and flexs with the arch of my feel very easily. The support  they provide os great, and they allow my  feet to breath all day in this heat i'm in. I would definitely  buy another pair when these are worn out.
B000XEVM50 Second purchase I buy these for my husbands work.  He loves how they support the ankle, but are not too high.  They are light and sturdy.  He is a mechanic and on his feet all day and this shoe is perfect for him.
B000XEVM8W Great Investmanet I have had these shoes for about a week now. And I have a need for arch support in my shoes. So usually I buy a pair of inserts for the shoes I wear at work. But because of the support these shoes have been stated to give from timberland I decided to try them without inserts first. So far so good. Usually if sufficient support is not there it only takes one or two workdays for my arch to become stiff and in pain. So far no pain. I will update this review in three months. As of right now the mudsill low steel is great.
B000XEW60K I like these a lot I like the looks and wear of these a lot.  I don't however like the arch support on the outside of the foot.  Inside I don't mind, on the outside of my foot it just hurts after a long day.
B000XEW60K I really am happy with these My feet measure out at a 13-4E, so I often have to go with a 14 and just deal with it.  But these 13EE's fit nice, provide some support and look good.  My biggest gripe would be how hard they are to get on.  Make sure that you have a shoe-horn.  Mine are still new, so I am hopeful that they will get easier to put on with time.
B000XEW60K Comfy! I've been wearing steel toed shoes at work for over a decade now and this pair has been the most comfortable one, with excellent arch support. Color really didn't matter to me because after a week all shoes have turned dark and greasy, and this one is no different.
B000XF04LM Timberland Work Oxford I love these shoes. Strong, Solid, wear like iron, comfortable. I work in the oil and gas industry I will wear out the bottoms and the leather is still good and tight. Lots of arch support if you are a big guy. I think I bought 4 pair so I would have them when I need them.
B000XF04LM No arch support I work 12 hour days. The boots worked ok for a couple days but my feet are fatigued after using these boots for a week. I have soars developing where the arch support should be. Same old garbage. I have to wonder if these products are tested at all in a real world application.
B000XF4D1Y Excellent wet floor grip I bought these because I kept slipping after the floors were mopped.  Problem solved.  They also give great support and look reasonably good, and aren't as clunky as a pair of steel-toed boots.
B000XR2GN4 Timberland Pro Titan So far so good! They are as comfortable as my walking shoes (and cost less) .Good ankle and arch support.
B000XR2GN4 No breaking in period needed My husband liked these boots out of the box, but had to add an arch support because the boot didn't offer enough.  The orthotic fit in pretty well.
B000XR2GN4 Great boot, great company These are the second pair of Timberland Pro Titans I've purchased.  They are the perfect work boot.  They are light, sturdy and yet easy to break in.  I farm so I spend plenty of time in dirt, on machinery and on concrete.  They provide the support I need, are comfortable all day and keep my feet dry.  Beyond being a great boot, Timberland is also just a solid company to support.  They shut their company down for one day each year to go out into their communities to serve around the globe.  It's great to support a company that makes wonderful products and is a company that goes about business in the right way.
B000XR2GN4 best shoe I have found This is the third pair of these shoes I have owned. They are very supportive for my ankle & arch problem
B000XR2W1U Mechanic Daughter Loves Her New Boots! My daughter is a mechanic 2400 miles away from me, so the easiest way to get things to her is through Amazon. Mechanics are stading on concrete all day long, and need good footwear to support feet, ankles and the back.  This was the first time I've been able to find women's boots for her.  She says the fit is very comfortable,  has nice support around her ankles, and was surprised that the "break-in time" was very short.  She is also pleased that these boots do NOT have steel toes, which are cold in the winter and  will chop toes off if something falls on them!  My daughter concluded her report by saying she could use a second pair, so we will definitely be ordering from this company again soon!
B000XR30FM Timberland PRO Women's is Superb! I ordered these as a tough hiker & for comfort. I've tried Merrills, Danners, etc.... When I tried on the PRO, it was the most broken-in, comfortable boot I ever felt on my feet. I took them to hike Point Lobos (all trails), Big Sur (all trails), etc. Some of the trails were extremely rugged with steep elevation changes. They worked like the &#34;PROs&#34; they are: Plenty of arch support; comfortable for ten plus hours on the trail; wonderful ankle support. The best hiker I have ever had!
B000XR30FM Good Boot I wanted a high boot and with good support since I work as a gardener and prefer not to have dirt get into my shoes.  I also like the support so my feet don't feel so tired at the end of a day, especially if I have been working a shovel a lot.This boot is quite comfortable though the first day out I got bad blisters just underneath my ankle bones.  The ankle support material is stiff and rubbed that spot, that is a big disappointment.  I wish they had made the ankle support end higher up so to not interfere with the ankle bone.  I have taken to wearing thicker wool socks and that has solved my problem, less friction than with cotton socks.  I kick the ground a lot and appreciate the composite toe, don't need steel toe, and this is flexible yet tough.
B000XR4IXA great boot i broke my ankle and was forced to wear boots for ankle support.  i didnt need the safty to but it has not affected the comfort of the boot.  i work 12 hour shifts and am on my feet most of the time.  these boots were comfortable out of the box and had no break in time. i am highly impressed, am planning on buying another pair so that i can get these dirty.
B000XR4IXA Don't do it! These are the worst boots ever. They feel really good for about 2 weeks and then they're done! I've had 3 pairs only because this is what my company will pay for. They have no support whatsoever. I'm on concrete 12 hours a day, 4 days a week. They have completely destroyed my knees because there is no support. They fool you by making them so cushy when you first put them on but that doesn't last. They break down quickly and you may as we'll be barefoot for all the support they provide. Do yourself a favor...if support is important...buy red wing or wolverine or new knees.
B000XR7ME2 Very comfortable! These shoes are a good deal and offer lots of support and comfort. They're a little bit heavy, but it's hardly noticed.  Great for hiking too!
B000XXGMRO No Support These are great looking boots, but they have very little support and the stitching is falling apart after only 2 months.  Not worth the money.
B000XXGMRO Great boots I just got these boots today. The leather is nice and soft not stiff like some boots. These won't even need that breaking in time to adjust. Really comfortable but not much in arch support. I may end up getting an insert for these later. Also I am a little concerned by the depth of tread on these boots. I tend to drag my feet and wear down the tread. I am going to try not to with these because I really like them.
B000XXGMRO Great Boot I have had mine for two years and I am coming back to buy a second pair.  They are dressy enough for the office and durable enough to survive our gravel sales lot. The insole wore out a little fast but that was only in one spot so that might not happen to people with a flatter arch. I would not use these for hiking or anything like that. Just a casual or semi formal shoe with ankle support is how you need to look at this boot.
B000XXGMRO Love These Boots I bought these boots and I just love them. They are comfortable out of the box, well made, with nice arch support. They are warm, but they allow your feet to breathe. I would not use them as a work boot, but they are great for trudging around the park with the dog. They are also light and very nice looking.I'm very pleased.
B0016JCPNO Mixed feelings This shoe looks good and the material is certainly of high quality. But it is very wide, even wide feet may swim around, and there is no arch support either. The outer sole does not have enough traction on uneven terrain so it's not really an outdoorsy kind of shoe. I expected a bit more from the Timberland brand.
B0017066YG great quality What i like about this shoe is that the arch design on the sides is flat which makes the shoe look way more comfortable and stylish i think. I usually where a 10.5, but i tried a size 9 when i ordered it because it was 20 bucks less and i figured it would fit. It fit perfect so the sizing is pretty accurate, seeing i usually want a little room in my casual shoes. They look awesome and are a comfortable fit. I would suggest buying an arch support though because the inside is flat footed for the most part. Good tread, waterproof, expensive, but great quality, stylish, and comfortable sums these shoes up yeahhhhh!
B001760K56 Excellent fit and very comfortable I am 5'9" and wear a size 9.5 or 10 shoe.  My foot is on the narrow side of average. These boots are very comfortable and fit so well.  I love the feel of the insole. The arch support is great and while there's enough room in the toe box my heels don't slip at all. I love these boots!
B001760K56 Fit is fine But for a larger foot, there is a feeling that they are a bit long. I'm pretty much in a true 9 1/2 and the width is perfect with good support, but the toe could stand to be a bit shorter.
B0017685EY comfort this shoe is extremely comfortable and enable a hiker to achieve extreme support during long walks.
B001AMO210 Warm and snug I needed a boot that would give me traction for the icy weather and give me ankle support since I've broken my left ankle twice this year.  The way these boots lace give me lots of support to keep my foot from rolling under me when I walk.  Thanks!
B001EWFEOK Great for both hiking and everyday wear. This is my new favorite shoe.  My dad purchased a pair last fall, and I frequently borrowed them whenever I had the opportunity and need (and when they weren't on his feet, which was the limiting factor... he wears them to work most every day when he doesn't have a court appearance.)  When I went on a trip up north for a weekend, I asked to borrow them and he said that he would be using them that weekend.  The next week, he came out to my dorm carrying a shoebox.  Woohoo! (No, he did not purchase them on Amazon)Regardless, once I got the boots, I haven't stopped wearing them.While they're not insulated, they are more than warm enough to wear all day walking back and forth across campus in 15 degree weather, bundled up in a ski jacket, hoodie, long johns and jeans, hat and gloves.  At the same time, they're not so warm that your feet sweat indoors.  I doubt that they will be too warm to wear in the summer, although they're warmer than the running shoe style I've been wearing since middle school.They're very comfortable.  My feet required no break in period required, but the shoe does soften slightly over time.  The padding is ample and soft.  The Gore-Tex works perfectly-they're waterproof to about the height of the first lace hook on the ankle, about 5" on my 10.5's, but allows for ventilation through the mesh portions. They are size accurate.  The support is slightly less than my Nike pronation control running shoes, but that's not a fair comparison-I have high arches and I'm very support conscious.  The support is probably more than adequate for normal feet.They look great as well.  They go great with jeans.  The actual leather color varies, mine definitely have more black in the brown than the Amazon pic.  I wear carpenter and boot cut jeans, and they slip down over the boots just fine.  If they get hung up, just a shake of the leg will allow them to slide over the boot-they're not at all bulky.  If you like classic cut jeans, they'll probably be snug. But, if you like classic cut jeans, don't worry-they will work great for tucking into the boot :)Overall, I love the shoes and can't stop wearing them.  I haven't done much hiking in them yet, but I'm looking forward to wearing them hiking once the deep snow melts.
B001EWFF30 Good basic shoe These hikers are comfortable and support my wide flat feet well, however, advertised as waterproof, there is a small slow leak near the ball of the right big toe. Otherwise they suit their purpose and seem to be very durable as far as sole wear.
B001FA1FPI Timberland Men's Block Island Elite Oxford I have been wearing them daily for about a month now.  They are stylish in a casual way, and make you look really good yet not out-of-place besides your friends who wear nothing but dirty sneakers.The shoes are generally comfortable.  The EVA mid-soles provide real arch support and shock-absorption.  Not that you would want to jog in them, but occasionally chasing down a bus in these shoes wouldn't hurt your feet.  The leather upper was stiff initially and required a few days to be broken-in, but it is nice afterward.The upper holds up well against rains and some light snow we had last week.  However, if you step into a puddle, the holes on the side would guarantee a wet foot.  Oh well, they are not designed to be waterproof anyway.
B001FXZU92 rubber on toes great ankle support and great fit.  do the job for a good price. very pleased with my purchase on amazon.
B001FXZU92 Great shoe Very comfortaable and give added support and protection.  This is neccesary in my work.  Would order again and would suggest to others.
B001FXZU92 Awesome boot! These are used everyday of the week as a work boot! Very supportive and fits well. Has proper support that assists with back and posture support.
B001FXZU92 Won't last a year. Rubber on toe cup disintegrating in less than a year. No support from manufacturer. Will not buy or recommend Timberland again.
B001I1TT4I Timberland Sandown Leather Mid_Gortex 4 Stars because they aren't quite as wide as I would have liked.Comfortable boots, low ankle support and nice (slightly above average) arch support.  Again not quite as wide as I wanted.
B001JEP4F2 Great Look & Quality for the Price I've got a pare of these about 6 month ago and so far they don't show much wear considering how frequently they have been used.These shoes are very light, comfortable and seem to be true to color as it appears on the website pictures (well, at least on my monitor). Shoes feel very comfortable and didn't make my feet sweat during the summer heat. Arch support is moderate (probably a bit better than I expected from such a lightweight model). The rubber sole is quite flexible which I personally find to be pretty cool as well. Nice shoes overall.
B001KOQ4EG Excellent All Around Shoe - Great Arch Support I have owned several pairs of timberland Hiking boots over the years, my favorite is theTimberland Men's Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker. Anyway, I picked up this pair a month ago to serve as a general, everyday shoe since it can pass as a rugged dress shoe, but basically I wanted pair for everyday walking around... The pair I own are brown but not the highly textured version that is in the picture which I prefer.Okay, aside from the look, what I like about these shoes are two things. 1) great arch support. This is important to me as I have found my feet feel much better with some type of arch support in the shoe - I like to walk. 2) No break-in period. The first time out I walked 4 1/2 miles, on a hard concrete walkway in a park. My feet were fine and thus passed an important test, comfort. Therefore, I can recommend these for both looks and comfort and hopefully, long life - assuming these are on par with my last three pairs of Timberlines (Yeah, I know they are all made in China these days)Tip: Get someMeltonian Mink Oil Paste(the kind with a blend of mink oil, silicon and lanolin), and rub it on with your fingers. This will keep the leather moist and waterproof and even add a light shine to them making them look good as a business casual shoe. Do this a few times a year. I have done this with my other Timberlines since like to hike in the mountains and often end up in mud or heavy rain... What I don't want is the leather to dry out, crack early or lose it's ability to repel water. My Timberline White Ledge Boots are now 6 years old and, although starting to fall apart in the front, the leather is looks and works just fine and they still have a few miles left in them. My oldest pair of timberline low hiking boots (now retired and replaced by my new Madison Summit), finally split on the bottom but the leather was fine due to ongoing treatment of mink oil - I had those for about 8 years.Also, if you plan on doing extensive hiking in these consider wearing a pair of hiking socks. Hiking socks can make a huge difference for long walks and hikes - they are expensive but worth it
B001KOQ4EG Very Comfortable Work Shoe I am a teacher and am on my feet all day.  These are the most comfortable work shoes I have ever owned.  They are suitable for business casual or even a tie.  They have excellent arch support and are very durable.  The black is especially good since minor scuffs and scratches are not too visible.  The brown requires occasional repolishing, since the leather under the polish is lighter in color.  Both colors look more elegant after repolishing, as they begin with only a dull shine.  I like these shoes so much that I have bought spare pairs in case they stop making them.
B001PBK87I Best boot ever! Got these boots because doc told me with my arthritis I needed more support.I work in an office, when my boots are on under my slakes they look good.Very good ankle support and very comfortable right out of the box.Thanks!
B001PUFSW4 Absolutely love these boots! Ok First of all I do HVAC voluntarily. So not as a professional. We need to get in tight spaces and climb ladders. So this is a perfect shoe/boot.  I also have a flat foot. (not a fallen arch but truly a flat foot). these shoes do not bother me. they have arch support but are wide enough that they don't cramp my flipper foot. "as I call it" I stood in these for 10+ hours a day 3-4 days a week for a month+ before writing this. they are worth every penny. hopefully they last what I expect they should. Mine already look 10 years old. scuffs, creases, if you are on your knees allot. this tends to be the case with all shoes with me ( my shoes never last long hard on my feet ). very comfy will buy these again. bought in a reg. width.
B001S5X31E Give 'em a try. I've been wearing this type of boot for quite a while. They're lightweight, waterproof, and good ankle support. Which is needed in my line of work to get through a long day. I'm an operator of concrete pumps.
B001SARJXC Excellent choice Well made, appears durable.  A little stiff at first, of course, but I wore them on the job for twelve hours the first day and they were completely comfortable.  They don't pinch my toes.  The finish is a little soft and dull, but they are dressy enough to be presentable most anywhere.  Good ankle support.  Money well spent.
B001SARJXC Great boots I like the fit and they feel great for my diabetic feet. Good arch support and waterproof. I would recommend these to anyone who needsa a great pair of boots.
B001SARJXC Nice boots I have trouble finding decent shoes that come in wide.  These boots seem to be well made and are very comfortable with good arch support.
B001U89OQW Great boots! These boots are well made, seem true to size, and have enough support and stability to wear them with my broken foot issues.  I look forward to wearing them this winter in all kinds of weather.
B001VNCKJ4 Ankle support, elegance and utility - all in one boot I had purchased Timberland before (another boot with rubber soles), but needed a more formal wear boot (need the ankle support).  This fit the bill to a T.  Comfortable and good looking.
B001VNCM3I Timberland Oxfords The leather was very soft and didn't give my husband's feet any support.  I was quite disappointed with this purchase.
B00261CDYW great shoe So far, so good.  LIking the way it fits, offers decent support for tendonitis issue I had with old Sperrys.
B00295RHV4 Perfect fit! These boots are a great boot for women who work outside.  My foot is not easy to fit and these were extremely comfortable right out of the box.  I am looking forward to having warm and dry feet this year outside!  They are easy to lace, have a good arch support, and the ankle cuff is comfortable.
B00295RIW2 These Tims Rock I love my shoes.  They are stylish, unbelievably comfortable, and can easily be worn all day.  Like walking on pillows or going to work in your house shoes.  The size was perfect and allows enough space to wear footies without changing the comfort level.  I was so pleased with this shoe, I also bought it in blue and the black leather. The strap on the front is functional and can be worn behind the ankle for added support.  WELL worth the money.
B00295RJIU excellence These shoes are so great for working on your feet 8-12 hours daily. They are great when you have back pain. they have good arch support also.
B00295RJIU Comfort that's passable as a business casual shoe I have horrible feet - extra wide, high arch and instep, planter faciitis, deformed big toe, etc... These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn with dress slacks. The toe box in the c/d is generously wide, the heel area is properly narrow for a women's shoe (finding those two things together is rare), and the support inside is heaven. My feet feel better after a day of wearing them than when I put them on. The top part that holds your foot in felt tight the first morning I wore them, but they quickly stretched to feel just right.
B00295RJIU it fit me well easy to clean and it support your body! although it is kinda heavy shoe, a lot of my co-workers wear it so i try it out, not bad
B00295RJIU Timberland Shoes This shoe is great when walking, the arch support works extremely well. But it is very very painful for standing. I work at a vet office and we stand a,lot. It makes my feet feel tired and achy real fast if I  don't sit down or start walking. They got returned.
B0029XG3OS Comfortable boot The size was exactly right for my shoe sizes.  These boots are heavy when you pick them up, but on your feet they're very comfortable.  The support is EXCELLENT.  I've had them for almost a year and they're as good as new.  Highly recommended.  PS put in one of those arch support cushions and they fit even better!As a project manager, I use these boots only two to three times a week when I'm on job sites, so I'm not exactly beating them up, but I would easily recommend them for more strenuous use.
B002ASAJPG these boots work just as hard as you do!!! Been wearing these work boots for about 5 years,always comfortable, bit on the heavy side but wear very well,big fan of toe guards always wear out the toes first,also very good arch support,good in the winter as well as summer time,
B002ASAKN2 I LOVE THIS BOOT... Currenly working in the middle east and it is GREAT for the elements here (hugh clamshell rocks) Greate ankle and arch support and
B002ASAMCG Comfortable Love these  boots. I have always used Timberland for my workboot and was excited to see these which gives  me more ankle support.
B002NEGCC6 best ever better than Memphisto @1/3 the $..no slipping...great arch support...lightweight....slip-on,hence.no laces to secure..this is my second pair,+ can rely on Amazon to repeat my future order
B002PK1MM8 Great arch support snadals There is no chaffing, or callouses from using this shoe so far. Good arch support and looks like it'll last longer than a year.Sole is not stiff, good traction pattern
B002PMUH8G bad shoe product purchased was timberline earthkeepers boat shoes--unhappy due to inserts of this shoe offer no arch support----feet very tired after a few hours of ware---would not purchase again---item was purchased at amazon---john
B002POC3MW fantastic! i love these shoes...the fit is perfect and for being made of just straps, they actually still provide support! i wish i had purchased several in different colors!
B002YOMJPY great support This boot provides excellent support, with cushion for comfort. I am pleased with this boot because this is the first tactical boot that I have worn for twelve hours and my feet doesn't ache. I'm waiting for a good rain to see just how water proof they are.
B002YOMJPY Cushioning, support and good value I needed a flexible, cushioned boot to support my aging, arthritic feet. This Timberland boot does the trick. The outsole is not stitched, so I don't expect them to last more than three years of regular wear, but for the price they are an outstanding value.
B002YOMJPY Great duty boot Awesome boot. I work in a prison in a rainy state and my feet always stay dry. Not only that they are really comfortable like sneakers. On the down side they don't seem very breathable. I don't have sweaty feet problems in any other shoes or boots but these. That being said, it's not atrocious. Good arch support. The only thing I don't like is that they didn't seem to take to my shoe polish well. Maybe I'm using the wrong stuff though. I use kiwi leather polish, parade gloss black and it doesn't seem to dry right. My boots feel sticky. Looks decent though. It's just not as nice looking as my old 5.11s.
B002YOMJPY Great value for a plain and functional boot I hike about 12-15 miles weekly on a mix of asphalt roads and loose dirt trails with several hundred feet of elevation change. My previous (expensive) Birkenstock hiking boots are no longer available, so when their midsole finally blew out after many years of service (and two re-soles) I was stuck without a clear alternative.I'm most comfortable wearing boots with a wide toebox along with good arch and ankle support, and I'm pleasantly surprised the comfort of these Timberlands after the first week of use. I chose 1/2 size larger (9.5 US) than my usual shoe, and they fit perfectly with good toe room and no heel slipping. The construction quality seems very good although the appearance is very plain. No rain yet, so I can't comment on their waterproofing.For the price I'm very pleased so far -- and if they continue to perform well I may just buy another pair as a backup.
B002YOMJPY Great choice I purchased them for my husband, he works in a warehouse and walks a lot, he needed something with some support for his ankles and something that wouldn't make his feet tired from the weight and could handle all the walking.He loves them! They have just enough support and are light.
B0034G54BM Most comfortable boots I own! I love this boots.First of all, they are gorgeous. Second and most importantly, they are super comfortable--especially for all day walking! There is great cushioning on the inside and really good arch support. The tracking on the bottom makes these shoes my go-to for snow!My only note is that if you have bigger calves it they might take awhile to get comfortable from the top. There is an adjustment but it doesn't give you much added room but after two or three weeks of wear the top stretched out and became completely comfortable.Really glad I made this investment...these boots will definitely have a long wear life in my closet!
B0034G558E Love these. These are great boots and I love them.  I usually wear and 8.5 or 9.  I bought the 9 because the other reviews said they ran small.  I also bought the wide and they JUST fit.  These are narrow boots.  The laces can be adjusted to widen them if you don't have tiny calves.  There is also not a ton of arch support but there's enough and it doesn't seem to bother me even though I have high arches.
B0034G5LBA Comfortable and cute once you get on! I love the style of these boots and they are comfortable with good arch support and wedge heel, but as others have noted they are hard to get on, I ordered a 6.5M but I have a narrow foot so I can pull on ok but not easily. I am not sure about keeping yet but I do love the style. 4 stars for style and comfort.
B0034XS4OY A great shoe at a good price! This is my first pair of Timberlands but it is a shoe that offers all I wanted. It is reasonably lightweight, has strong sole and arch support, and has a rugged, oiled exterior. The oiled leather exterior gives the shoe a "casual dress" look while offering the rugged durability and lightweight feel of an expensive hiking shoe--without having to polish it. This is just the kind of shoe I need for looking  "dressed up" but still able to walk across my university campus in rain, sleet, snow, or dust-blowing weather in shoes that offers great arch support and comfort.
B0035LD0WQ Excellent Hikers/ High Quality I bought these shoes to where most of the time. They are very very comfortable and provide tremendous support no matter what you are doing. Also, they look great and are of high quality. They go great with jeans or khakis. The fit is snug and the support of the arch is very good. Nice on the knees to absorb impact when walking on cement for long walks. The brown color is very nice looking. I would recommend these hikers for everyday use for anyone looking for a supportive good looking shoe that you can look forward to slipping them on your feet every morning!!Bottom line: Back and knee pain reduced after a couple a weeks of wearing these puppies!
B0038JCZ9Y Madison height These are great boots . Fit true to size and go great with my jeans. Very comfortably to walk in good arch support
B0038JD1UG wonderful boots I love my boots!!!  They are so comfortable and the arch support is great. They are like wearing shoes and they are true to their size. They are more comfortable than UGG boots and alot more affordable.
B003A4T4A0 wish they came in 12.5 but overall. happy Restaurant Server. Recieved them a week ago. Overall I am very pleased. The shoestrings do seem come untied easily. The feel is a little big, as they stretch some as you break them in. If 12.5 was available I would have traded in my 13. But I think replacing shoestrings will mostly solve the loose/big feeling. Most important to me, I finally found a shoe that has a decent cushion under the ball of the foot. It also has decent arch support.
B003A4V78C Not as supportive as I expected The shoe looks great but just doesn't have the arch support I expected. Decent, but not as good as I expected.
B003A69RS2 Lacks nonslip confidence. Not comfortable. This shoe slips! No confidence over slippery surfaces. Compare to sticky Shoes for Crews.My feet hurt after one long day at the restaurant. Has good arch support however my heels hurt.These shoes also fit larger than expected.
B003ELOZSU Nice boot I got these for winter dog walking (2 miles every morning), but I've only used them once. They seem to run a little large and I think I'll need some inserts for arch support. Otherwise, I think they'll be weather resistant and comfortable. They're cute too--and not like everything else out there right now.
B003ELOZSU In Love with a Pair of Boots These are going from snow country to mud season like magic.  These are more comfortable than being barefoot.  These are adaptable as either wonderfully snuggly lace up or left just a tad looser so you can just keep them tied and pull them on without lacing or tying.  These are the perfect fit for someone with narrow feet who likes arch support.  These are great in size 7 if you usually wear either 6.5 or 7 depending.  These are warm and soft.  These I'm actually sad to take off and wish I could just wear around the house.  These make me feel like I'm in a movie.  These make me happy I'm alive.
B003ELQIW6 &#60;3! These are great! They ARE waterproof, and very comfortable. I usually have to add insoles to my shoes but I haven't had to yet with these! Good support!
B003EV5QDS Thanks! A bargain. Happy with them. Comfortable with good support. I need both because of neuropathy in my feet.  Price was great! Not heavy.
B003EV5QDS Amazing! I purchased these because I needed something strong and also professional for work. Not only do they have great support but they also look great in and out of the office. These are a must have, especially if you're looking to make a lasting impression!
B003HLI3B2 Comfort, sturdy,smart shoes Fits comfortably, sturdy support, light-weight, smart casual yet at the same time can be professional and dressy depending on how you dress it up with.
B003HLI3B2 Beautiful Shoes I think these are beautiful....  They just did not fit my feet well.  I have a bunion and it rubbed  it too much My foot slipped  forward so there was ample room. I can tell that there was good support in the footbed but just did not work for me.
B003NUR4P8 Being using timberlands for years, but these boots aren't for me... Loose Fit: Been using regular timberlands for hiking and have not had any problem, always good fit and comfortable. These boots however had too much width and height inside, may be someone with more thick feet would benefit from them. Lengthwise they were spot on.Medium Arch Support: My arch is a little bit high, I had to change the insole with put a powerstep because my foot hurt after just a couple hours of using the original insoles that are provided. If you have a medium to high arch, plan to spend $25 more dollars on some quality insoles.No so well built: The sole is glued not stiched. Probably because of this, after just 20 days of light use I realized that the sole was getting detached in one of the boots...After this I just decided to return them and bough another model from timberland.The looks: They look nice, the lace system is good, the leather is nice and buttery and keeps its nice dark brown color despite light scratches.
B003OBZT3A Nice, warm and comfortable Good arch support, plenty of room in the toe area and quite sturdy...yep, I really like these boots.  They are odd looking in a kind of cool way too.  After standing on cement floors all day (high school art teacher) my feet and legs felt fine.  The only thing that would make them better is if they had mysteriously been filled with hundred dollar bills...but I still really like them.
B003TFEA5O EXCELLENT GREAT BOOTS , VERY STYLISH FOR DRESSING UP AND DRESSING DOWN VERY COMFORTABLE AND GREAT ARCH SUPPORT.VERY WELL WORTH THE PRICE!!GREAT BUYSATISFIED CUSTOMER
B003UFJCP6 Pretty Decent So these are super cheap for Timberland. Unfortunately the front lateral aspect of this shoe, the rubbery portion, is not as firmly attached (the glue)is coming undone. The support wasn't as great as I had hoped it would be either. I have to wear different insoles (my feet are pretty lousy)...I suppose that if you have great feet (and don't have plantar fasciitis/tendonitis in your ankles) you should really enjoy these shoes...they look pretty sweet too!
B003UFJCP6 Comfy! As mentioned in another review, these shoes are very comfortable and have arch support. They're a little pricey, but I'll wear them out until they're no longer presentable.
B003UFJCP6 Awesome boots with just one downside I bought these boots in black, because I wanted to be able to wear them with jeans and leggings and have them sort of "disappear."  I didn't want it to look like I was wearing hiking-type / Timberland boots... and yet I wanted to have all the comfort and stability that ankle-high walkers like this provide.Upsides of these boots:  quite comfortable, good ankle stability when laced up, black looks very cool, sizing seems true, nice quality leather, really nice arch support built in, and they don't look cheap at all.  Many gals have already asked me - where did you get those great boots!?One downside:  I thought, based on the images and other reviews, that they would be much cushier.  I have had to insert a gel insole, because the soles were so hard.  The soles have very little give, and they are very thin.  My heels were hitting the floor hard!  There is plenty of room for a gel insole, though, so once inserted - I have the perfect boot I was looking for.  Just factor in the extra expense of good gel inserts!
B003XHH0W8 Try used - you may like it I bought a used pair due the $30 dollar savings. The only thing wrong with them was the rear pull loop on the RH boot was broken. I don't care since the pant leg covers it. They were a little tight at first. 10 1/2 with medium sock but after a couple of days they loosened up a little and fit great. Also had to get used to the arch support but also great!
B003XHH0W8 timberland mt washington boot seems like a well made product. the fit takes a bit of getting used to. the side elastic is very strong so that getting these boots off and on takes some effort but I imagine that will payoff with durability. the arch support is also very pronounced but not uncomfortably so.
B003XTEGPU Cute, but not comfortable I wore these boots for the first time this week during a short trip to Chicago and, boy, were my feet killing me! At one point I almost took off the boots and walked barefoot. The look of this boot is extremely stylish and attractive, but there is NO cushion or arch support. I will have to buy some insoles before attempting to wear them again...
B003YC48QS nice! Well made and sturdy, comfortable, etc. etc. Cushy, great arch support and support all over. Great quality.The opening is small and my elderly father who has swollen feet couldn't get his feet in. My brother loved them and is keeping them. I have ordered several pairs of men sandals/shoes of this brand, was never disappointed with the comfort and quality.One thing with these... they're heavier than others (reason for the 4 stars).
B0049N0O1Y Excellent Support for Arthritic Ankles and Knees I have only worn these boots briefly, but the lacing and side zip combine to provide the best support for some old joints I have ever had. Only hockey skates provide similar support and the boots are for more comfortable. I hope they continue to feel as good after I have a few miles on them.
B0049N3S58 Ended up being a waste of money. Long story short, the arch (your inside part of your feet where they curve, where you need the most support) on the bottom of each boot collapsed. I never seen anything like it. Was fine before that happened, but they quit on me in a very short time. Now I will only use them to take the dog for a bathroom trip outside.
B004J2HSIC Updated review I purchased these boots based on great reviews here and on other websites. Right out of the box, they seemed about the weight I expected- not as heavy as an all leather boot, but not "light". The sole is rigid and not very flexible. Stitching and overall construction appeared solid. Also the nylon trim on color "dark brown" is not tobacco/lighter brown as shown, but shiny olive green.Trying them on, they were pretty uncomfortable; tight around the instep, both in height and width, and a little narrow at the toes. Minimal arch support was too far forward and pressed against the ball of my foot. Removing the footbeds bought some room and a good deal of relief... the footbed sides curve up and were trying to roll my feet into a tube. However, ankle support is phenomenal.They are still just borderline comfortable, I'll have to put some of my own inserts in and see how it goes with some break-in time.By the way, holding these sole to sole with another same size hiking boots, the Timerlands are both shorter and narrower. So I'd suggest going a half size bigger if possible. Or getting a different boot altogether... my recommendation is the Hi-Tec 'Altitude IV', probably the most comfortable boot I've ever put on.***UPDATE 5/14/2012***Okay I gotta admit these turned out to be decent boots. I threw away the original inserts and replaced them with inexpensive gel ones. It took about 3 miles to work some flex/stretch into the uppers. I still have to keep zero lace tension on the lower half, and after my last 6 mile hike I got red marks where the boots press against my big toe knuckle (but not painful, and no blister or lost skin)... that's with a wicking athletic sock, not a thick boot sock. My feet got sorta tired the last mile. They did very well over treacherous ankle-twisting terrain. So, changed my rating to 3 stars...
B004J2HSIC Great fit This is great pair of boots that provided warmth and comfort.  They were easy to keep clean and provided excellent support during long hiking trips.
B004J2HSIC Love 'em Surprisingly light and look great. Good hiking shoe - maintains grip in all conditions and provides good ankle support. The sole does not get clogged. I often wear them even when I'm not hiking (without lacing them all the way up) and they are quite comfortable.
B004J2HSLY Simply The Best I've had Timberland footwear before so I know what size I am in their product - they fit great - give youlots of support for walking - it like Angles placing pillows under your feet - (corny I know but true - try a pair and you experience it yourself - I walked 4 miles in them yesterday no blisters, no sore spots, just perfect support
B004J2HSLY Well made & comfortable I've only worn these Chocorua a few days and very pleased so far.  It takes a shoe horn now but expect to be easier to slip-on as these break in.  The fit is great and especially comfortable with great arch support.
B004K22W2S Defect in stitching on left boot These look pretty nice, and the right one was reasonably comfortable even out of the box. However, the left one caused a raw spot to develop on my outside thigh area, even through my sock.Some inspection showed the reason. The inside leather (around the elastic part) on that side wasn't cut quite right, and I had to trim some off. That helped, but didn't eliminate the problem. The stitching was also crooked and caused the outside of the boot to crimp inwards. The stitching was also rough, and left a sharp spot close to the top of the boot, which corresponded with the center of the area that was rubbed raw.I did some stretching on the leather, removed some of the sharp stitching, and covered the entire area with tape. That has allowed me to wear these. However, for this price, I expected better quality.*** Update 31 March 2012 ***This message is for whoever, presumably someone affiliated with Timberland, has been going through and putting unhelpful votes on every single review that gives this product a negative rating:That's lame. Really lame. If your product were good enough to stand on it's own, it would be unnecessary to come here and game the system to get your preferred reviews as the highlight reviews. The negative reviews are almost all completely fair and non-offensive.You have ensured that I will never buy another Timberland product. I might have been willing to consider this case an outlier, and just a victim of the usual problems in maintaining quality throughout the supply chain. But if you think you have to come here and distort honest feedback, then I have no further use for your brand.*** Update 29 April 2012 ***If you do decide to get these boots, and you would like better arch support and more comfort for long periods of walking or standing, then I suggest you get the following replacement insoles:Spenco Polysorb Cross Trainer, Women's 9-10 / Men's 8-9. The original insole that comes with the boot is pretty flat, has almost no arch support, and is pretty thin by my standards.I tried some Dr. Scholls  3/4 length gel inserts, and they didn't work for me. On top of the included insole, they made the shoe too tight. Without the included insole, they would not stay in place. So I got the Spenco instead, and they're really nice. Good arch support, good comfort, and a perfect fit in this boot for me.
B004K22W2S Nice for what I paid I got these for $80 and they are worth that. Not the most comfortable soles (I have little arch in my foot) but all in all they seem well made. They do make your foot look bigger than other shoes. I wear a 13 and they appear huge.
B004K66PAE Awesome Love these boots. Just ordered another pair.They were a little tight going on the first time but wore for 3 hours straight and they are amazingly comfortable.I have high arches and these fit fine but I cannot put an arch support inside. Maybe after more wear I can try but I don't want them to stretch too much.Heel height is perfect and sole is no slip
B004K6C6ZW Very nice! True to size, very comfortable, has some arch support and padding. Got for a good price! Very excited to show them off!
B004LKVJP0 Comfort boots These boots seem like they will be pretty comfortable. They are warm and I like the lace up because I have narrow flat feet. The arch is not good at all but adding a store bought arch support helped that problem. I chose Timberland because of the weather resistant material.  I would not recommend these if you have wide feet?
B004LLSV5U Pretty Sapphire; ankle ouchies! These boots are unbelievably gorgeous and blue is my favorite color. I just wish the heel piece wasn't so hard; it rubs the backs of my ankles raw and I cannot wear them but for so long. They do have good ankle support however which is important in icy conditions. A good pair of boot socks or a shoe horn might be able to fix the ankle rubbing issue. The boots are waterproof and fully lined; very warm!
B004NRUZQ0 Not so cute I didn't think these boots looked very nice once they were on.  In fact, I thought they looked like rain boots.  They are bulky and look even bulkier once you fold down the furry part.  There is no arch support at all, it's very flat inside so I'd recommend using your own insole.  They do feel very warm inside though.  Your toes will definitely be toasty.I didn't have any trouble getting them on at all and I have high arches and my calves are on the bigger side.
B004NRUZQ0 Fit well; fleece kind of cheap ish The boots go on fine for me despite high arch but I always buy boots a bit large to make room for socks.  The foot liner and arch support feel very nice.  The leather is a funny grainy color - a greyish brown - different from the picture but it's ok.  I might try oiling the boots.  The only really not so nice part is the fleecy part at the top is very cheap looking.  I will probably therefore keep the boots up high.  Also the top does slide down the ankle, but that part I don't mind - it's a slouchy looking boot.
B004P1A5YG Timberland Radler Camp Shoes I bought these to take backpacking since they are so light and compact.  They worked well for this.  The only complaint I have is that they have no arch support.  Each year I try to win the new gadget contest with the group I backpack with.  This was my entry last summer.
B004P35ERM Great slip ons Worth every penny  Highly recommend the slip on and the company..  Slippers are extremely comfortable and give great support..  Very satisfied
B004S0PG84 In Heaven! I bought these socks for work. I've had the regular Timberland crew socks with the arch support band for a 6 months and thought these were the best! They helped cure my plantar fasciitis. I was looking for a little thicker sock with more padding in the sole and the same arch support. These fit the bill, for the last week my 10 hour days on my feet on concrete have been the most comfortable ever! Along with my Timberland Pro Boots with the memory foam foot bed can't go wrong!The CabinetMan
B004WO3BIS Nice!!!! My two yea rold loves this shoe. Thye keep his little feet, little ankles, and little legs warm. They are perfect for eveyday and play wear. I love the arch support in this boot. Good shoes for back and arch.
B0052A79XY Easiest on/off boot I've owned These are the easiest to put on/take off boots that I've owned.  They are reasonably comfortable too.  They aren't very stylish, but they work well with jeans and casual pants.  I bought them for snow days and I'm very happy.  The cushioning is pretty good as well. The arch support isn't ideal otherwise, I'd give it a 5 star rating
B0054HM3YA work boots I wear an 8.5 regular shoe so its always an 8 with a workboot for me. These are the most comfortable out of the box boots that I have ever had. Only took two shifts to conform to my feet. Very soft leather and insole support is great.
B00552LUDO Good Fit,Quality and Price I have tried at least three pair of kitchen clogs and the Timberland PRO Five Star Fairmount is by far the best in fit and finish. Crocs have little to no arch support,Shoes For Crews do not have very good build quality. My one critique is that the inner sole does not have the  arch support that I want. I replaced them with the inner soles from the Shoes For Crews clogs because they have at least some arch support.
B0056QVSQ8 NOT for a high arch! These shoes look like they are high quality and look comfy, but I cannot get into them.  If you have a high arch, forget these shoes!
B0056QVSQ8 Great professional footwear! Very comfortable and professional looking.  All the stability and support is there.  Well worth the cost.  This is my second pair.  I wish they would come out with something lighter for summer wear.
B0056QVSQ8 Fine quality, runs large Nicely made shoe, returned for 1/2 size smaller.  Very roomy toe box, pronounced arch support.  Not much cushion in this shoe.
B0056QW98E Great shoe I love the shoes.  They are very comfortable and provide great support when on your feet for a 12 hour shift.  I will buy another pair in the future.
B0058RFQLS A Good Boating Shoe I have tried on several different types of boating shoes. This one works best for me. I ties securely to my foot so I don't worry about loosing it if I go over into the the water. It has good enough arch support for sailing and regular walking. I would not purchase this shoe for any kind of intense walking work out but for sailing or boating it is wonderful.
B0058RFQTK excellent shoe I wish I had ordered these sooner.  They would have been perfect for my trip to NYC...where walking is the order for the day! These shoes are comfy and very stylish.  They offer great arch support and have soft, cushy insoles.  I would not hesitate to recommend them.
B0058RFQTK Cute but dangerous After reading the few reviews, I thought these would be awesome for my backpacking trip in Europe. They arrived 4 days before my departure. I spend the next 3 days walking around the house in them. Soon I discovered I needed to change one of the inserts for a smaller one due to a very prominent arch support that was very annoying. The inside of the shoe has some arch support and then the insole has some more and it was too much for my slightly-high arches.The shoes look great when on. They LOOK so comfy and cute. The style was just up my alley for what I was wanting--a supportive shoe that's easy to get on and off and doesn't look blazingly touristy or bulky.Beyond that, these things were an absolute nightmare. I take great care of my feet and make sure they're comfy. I do not have calluses and barely ever get blisters. I realized walking in the airport to my terminal what a mistake these were. The back of my left foot started to be bothered and was bleeding slightly by the time I found a seat at my gate. Already from entering the airport to getting to my gate caused an open abrasion on the side of my Achilles and I was pulling out the bandaids.I figured I just hadn't broken them in enough and they'd straighten out soon, surely. They're made of leather so they should settle in nicely. However, after trying a ton of bandaids, I moved onto moleskin which wasn't able to make it so I could wear these for longer than 30 minutes without some discomfort. The moleskin would roll into a pressure point and then with each step there'd be a tugging that hurt just as bad as rubbing the sore eventually. Besides rubbing my left heel raw, they also found a place on my right heel to have a go at. I was mostly able to use bandaids and bandage tape to keep the right heel well enough protected until they were rubbed so much they'd roll as well. I'd thought enough in advance to pack a few colloid bandages too, but they would get malformed and molded according to the shoe so they too would cause a buildup in certain places that were very bothersome and go thin at the place where the shoe was digging in.I am very disappointed with this purchase. They all but ruined my 3-week trip and made me miserable the entire time. My sores took another week to heal after returning home. I certainly never want to wear these shoes again but am not sure who to give them to except to donate them to a shoe drive and hope the recipient doesn't suffer the same fate. Or burn them. I may just burn them.
B0058RMG4I Great Sandal I bought it in Grey, 7(C/D) and it is very comfy; doesn't have perfect arch support, but cushioned footbed and medium heel height  makes your walk soft and easy. Is true to size and I highly recommend it.
B00590WN42 Earthy, comfy, stylish These sandals are very well-designed and comfortable, even for walking all day in the city, or outdoors. The leather is good quality and the footbed has some arch support, not a whole lot, but enough for comfortably walking around for hours. These go with anything too, from shorts to dresses. The ankle strap gives this sandal a feminine flare.Highly recommended.
B00590WRTS Comfortable and attractive I purchased these sandals because I wanted an everyday sandal that looked nice and was comfortable, but that also offered some support. I broke my ankle last summer and didn't want to risk turning my ankle or tripping over my own feet (which I often do). I've worn boots all winter for support, so these are my first venture into something more normal, and they were a great choice. They're comfortable, and the soles are non-slip, which gives me peace of mind.I normally don't get wide width shoes, but did in this case because of my ankle, and I'm glad I did. They're not overly wide, but they fit well.
B005A5YQ2S Great boots I bought these for a camping/hiking trip to Utah late spring.  They are very comfortable and took almost no breaking-in.  They were great for wearing around camp and general desert hikes.  Arch support could be better, and the insoles are not removable to wash, unless you separate the glue.  The soft sole was great for sand and gripping rocks in the desert.  But on that note, these were horrible when we went to the LaSal Mountain range which was loose rock.  There is no midsole shank so my feet were in pain during the descent.  Rocks stabbing you in the foot after a 3000 foot ascent are not pleasant.I would say these are great for general hikes, camping, etc.  But if you terrain is going to get rocky, get something with a stiffer sole and a little more support.  I'll be getting some new insoles for these.
B005A5YQ2S Good boots I am a consistent 10.5 except for a few brands and this fits like a 10.5. Feels a little like a basketball shoe with good support and great tread. I always hike in trail running shoes. I bought these for a fall trip to Colorado and did several 4 mile hikes in these. They were comfortable out of the box. Not too sure about longer distances, would give rhem a try though.  Reminds me of a pair of Nikes I had as a kid. Great shoes!
B005A5YQ2S Best yet! I waited until I have worn these for about 3 months to write a review. I love these boots! I always wear this type of boot at my pizza shop in fall when it gets a little colder. My last ones were from Lands End. They weren't bad boots but the arch support was shot after one season. These are the most comfortable hikers I have worn yet and I've been through a bunch. With some good wool socks they are pretty good in the snow too. Love Timberline!
B005A5YQ2S Lightweight Very lightweight. Have no owned or worn them long enough to give a good review. My only complait so far is the have no arch support. Other than that very comfortable.
B005BWB2QI Great fit Glad I read earlier reviews. I ordered my actual size, 9.5EEE and they fit great. For topsiders they have better arch support than most. Would have liked to see my size in a greater variety of colors. Prompt shipment and good price.
B005BWB2QI nice shoes Nice shoe, good fit, no arch support and the leather laces are too long and impossible to keep tied.  You have to either glue them or replace the laces.
B005BWB2QI shoe fit good construction fit is good , but not enough arch support.  If it had better arch support it would be 5 stars,  now only 3 stars.
B005BWB2QI Nice shoe Timberland makes good shoes.  This is one of them.  It has worn sell and stood up to a marine environment (yes, I use it as a BOAT shoe) at least as well as Sperry.  My only with is that it had a bit more arch support but I don't use it for extended walking so It's OK.
B005BWB2QI Not as good as earlier design I purchased a pair of these shoes two years ago and liked them very well.  The design has changed somewhat and these do not as well as the earlier pair and provide zero arch support.  I had to purchase inserts to make them fit correctly and provide arch support.
B005BWB2QI Durable I had a pair before that I wore day in and day out. It lasted 15 yrs, and now I still wear it around the yard.This new pair seems to lack a bit of arch support though. For that reason I would give it 41/2 stars if I could.
B005GYJW4A Nice shoes Decent and nice working shoes since I need to stand or walk around at work.No break-in period. Although not much arch support, it's ok.
B005I6RZXG Good work shoe Good work shoe with ample toe room.  Easy to keep clean.  Would be better if it had more arch support and cushioning.
B005I6RZXG Very comfy, but....... I am always looking for the perfect work shoes.  I work on my feet, up to 14 hours at a time, so a good fit and comfort are essential to me.  Though I wish there were a little more arch support, these shoes just might fit the bill, though I've only worn them for two shifts so far.  However, the right one developed a terrible squeak in every step on the first day.  I did read the reviews before I purchased them, at least one of which mentioned this problem; I thought maybe it was an isolated issue, but it appears to be a more-common problem.  I work in an environment where there is a lot of low-level ambient noise, so it's not a deal-breaker for me, but it's maddening and a little embarrassing when I'm not on duty.  If I worked in a place where quiet was necessary, I would have to send them back.
B005I6RZXG Good bargain for the price.. I have been wearing these shoes for my Surgical Tech clinical rotation. They are comfortable, durable, have a nice arch support and are easy to clean. I have bad feet (plantar fasciitis and spurs) and these work well for me. The heel is stiffer than I thought it would be. I think they need a little break in time. The appearance is a lot nicer than I thought as well. I would like another pair to wear outside of the OR!
B005I6RZXG I've  tried them all. These shoes are great. I believe it's the wider toe area that helps me. The shoe inserts have a super arch support and I feel balanced with these shoes.  Some clog heels are a little too high. I work in a kitchen and these have saved my feet.
B005I6Z4JI Quality construction These boots are somewhat heavy and bulky, but I like that look and feel... and they are warm enough for chilly winter days.I can vouch for them being very water resistant, having worn them in snow for an extended period of time. They are cushioned throughout, with a decent arch support and sole that seems to protect my injury-prone feet while standing on concrete for 8+ hours a day. One gripe: the left shoe has a spot on the tongue that puts pressure on the top of my foot; not terrible, but after a while it starts to hurt. I do tend to lace my boots pretty tight though, and it seems to be getting better as they are breaking in. I'm hopeful it will go away completely in a few more days. Overall, I'm quite happy with these. A very good boot for the price.
B005LCQYYS Three Stars Very lite on the foot no support
B005LCQYYS Good but not great I like the look and light feel of the shoe but They have no arch support and are not comfortable to wear if you will be doing a lot of walking.
B005LUR9R6 Great support! I live in Boston, which means it can go from bumpy cobblestones to paved concrete in an instant. So this combination walking/trail/hiking shoe was almost like a custom order I did not have to dream up. It offers excellent support, it is water proof (unless you step in a puddle deeper than the shoe is tall) and she shoe is not flashy, super expensive or cheaply made like most modern, popular mass market running/walking shoes.
B005MI875U Well made and comfortable But I have to remember that when buying boots with a higher ankle support, there's break-in period in which ankles get a bit sore. That passes fairly quickly with regular wear.
B005Y7T62W Very nice These are great boots. Very comfortable right out of the box. Very good support. And a great deal at $56.95!! Amazon blowout deals can't be beat!
B005ZFDZMK No arch support I read that this shoe had great arch support but it has zero support, it just has a soft foot bed.
B006T307QE A Little on the Heavy Side I was a little surprised by how much these weigh, but then again they are made by Timberland Pro as opposed to regular Timberland.  They are heavy but solidly built and appear very durable.  The arch support could be a little better, but this is only a personal criticism.
B006T307QE Great work boot. The boot fits well and performs as expected: waterproof, rugged, and provides excellent arch and ankle support.  I recommend it for hiking and construction related activity.
B006T307QE 4 stAr Starting to break them in not too bad if I must say they are confey too and they have great ankle support
B006T30U8E so far a great boot Boots did not need any break in . fit was better than expected. the sole was one reason for the purchase. some of other brands have soft soles that shed and do not wear well and do have to be broken in . the only thing I did change was the insole for better support while working.
B006T31UWE Nice boots, but.... I've worn them for two days and for some reason the right one is rubbing on the top of my right foot making it really sore, red and swelling They also don't seem to have a lot of ankle support either. They are really light weight. I hope they will come around cause I do like them
B006T32HGC very nice boot not real heavy, good arch support, and the heel has a nice cushion while standing and walking. still relatively new but will be put to the test for durability. For now I would buy another pair when needed.
B006T32HGC Timberland Work Boots The boots are comfortable and fit my wide size 14 feet well. The lacing arrangement on the front is well done and durable with options on the tongue extension to vary ankle support to suit your ankle. They appear very durable, but I have only had them a short time.
B006ZIGS34 Sturdy, comfortable boots I wanted light (tan or cream) colored boots that weren't super flimsy or prone to immediate scuffing/staining-- basically, light-colored boots that would stand up to every day life through winter in a snowy climate. You can imagine that is not an easy thing to find. These, however, perfectly fit the bill. I own a lot of boots, but these quickly became some of my favorites. To begin with, they're utilitarian in nature-- waterproof; easy to slip on and off, even for someone with a high instep like I have; practical heel and grippy sole-- but they're also decently attractive. The tan is an extremely neutral shade that goes well with almost everything in my closet. The shaft is roomy enough to tuck jeans into, even if you don't have a particular slim calf (I don't). I've read some reviews saying the footbed is unsupportive, but I disagree. It's definitely not a CUSHY footbed, but I think it has very good arch support-- it's just a very FIRM arch support, so if you like your footbeds soft and squishy, you may have to add an insole. But when I can even feel the support in shoes, I know the shoe at least has somewhat decent support, as I have a very high arch and most of the time can't feel the support at all. I can wear these all day, and my feet still feel good.The reason they get four stars and not five is because I think they run somewhat narrow in the toe. I got my usual size (8.5) and it's good in length, but sort of pinchy at one place at the toe. After breaking them I barely notice the tightness, and the pinchy feeling has subsided quite a bit, but these would definitely benefit from just a teeny bit more room in the toe. The rest of the boot seems true to width-- it's just the toe that's a little too narrow.Overall I'd definitely recommend these boots. They're comfortable, durable, and versatile, and not half-bad looking either.
B006ZITF7U Mixed feelings I am not sure if I like these boots. They are kinda big once you get up past the ankles. Not a lot of ankle support. I have a two wide foot and they are not all that comfortable. I don't think I will be wearing these as often.
B006ZSAZ3S great shoe Bought four different pairs w/different colors and materials of construction. LIke them all. Excellent arch support for all day wear.
B006ZTTV1O Okay Not much support in arch or ankle unless you have a huge ankle. Overall very good quality material and workmanship.
B006ZVM90M Great looking boot Upon first opening my less perfectly packed box, I fell in love with how these boots look. When I tried them on with a basic athletic sock on I noticed that the toe fitting is snug. However the arch support is very good so I will not risk going a half size up. In no way are these boots flimsy and I can't wait to get them outdoors for a proper waterproof testing.
B006ZVU8O6 soft and comfortable true to size, very soft leather and flexible sole.  very comfortable for me.  But not much support, if you need that look elsewhere.
B0072NQIZ4 weird arch support Since it was reviewed so well I thought I'd give it a try.  These actually gave me foot pain I'd never had before.  The arch support hit me in the wrong spot and my feet got tired after just an hour of walking.  I work on my feet 12 hours straight, these were awful.  I'm in the process of returning them.  The look and style is great.
B0072NQIZ4 Amazing! Fit my feet perfectly! I wont buy any other brand again... and Amazon Prime just sweetens the deal with delivering on time as promised in two days! Very good support and non slip grip, A MUST when you work in the restaurant industry :)
B0072NQIZ4 No more compromise! Can't say enough good stuff about these shoes. I believe that everyone is different, but I have flip flopped between Dansko's and Sneakers for my 12hr RN shifts. The clogs provide lower back support, and the sneakers keep my feet from aching. Not until I gave these a try, did I find something that did both! Lots of room in the toe box, great heel and arch support, and bouncy soles. Love them! I've purchased three pair so far!
B0072NQIZ4 Pretty work shoe Comfy comfy comfy, good arch support. It's very easy to spend the work day in this shoe, plus the patent leather dresses up my uniforms.
B00777OMHG very comfortable i bought these boots to take on my hikes up mt. baldy, and they did not disappoint.  they provide great ankle support, and have plenty of room for toes and look great
B00777P1N0 Little comfort and warmth. They had a very little cushioning with little arch support and they had a hard time bending when you walked.  Perhaps they'd get better with some breaking in but that won't help the other issues.  They also provided little to no warmth.  My feet were cold while trying them out in the house.  I usually like Timberland but these weren't worth the money.
B007782V1O olive in some light and brown at other times, which is good either way I had to provide my own arch support, love the boot.  I also had the shoe store make the top three eyelets into hooks.
B007TGA2JM Best ever The price was right and the boots are completely waterproof, stain proof and comfortable (good arch support).  Also handles the skinny or the muscular calf because of the design and lacing.
B007TGA2JM Fits great These boots are very comfortable!! I need to stand all day for my job and was searching for a while for a comfortable boot with support. They are soft yet sturdy. I love them and highly recommend.
B00828VKFQ Better than Danskos This shoe offers great arch support AND a comfortable footbed.  I tried Dansko per my ortho's direction.  In that brand I found that the arch was unforgiving and the footbed was firm.  I have fallen arches and heel spurs in both feet.  The Timberland Pro's are much more comfortable and give the support I need.  In my opinion, these are more stylish than Dansko.  The only drawback is that they don't come in an array of colors or styles, b/c they are geared to the hospital staff.  Not much of a problem for me as I also purchased the brown.  Both are great!  Cost approx $110 in the store.
B00828VKFQ Was hopefull but then Disappointed Shoes were extremely squeaky on all types of surfaces and fit wasn't quite right for my foot. Not the support I needed where I needed when standing all day long.
B00828VKFQ just ok Although comfy and very well made, my feet slip towards the front as I walk. The heel is raised more than I thought it would be. I prefer a flat shoe with good arch support. I was hoping these would be different based on all the good reviews. My feet fall somewhere between a Narrow and a Medium, and these shoes were just too roomy. They also are a bit on the heavy side, though not as heavy as a Dansko...
B00828VKFQ Nurse Bought these for nurse daughter.  She reports that the shoes have good support, are comfortable and can be washed off.
B00828VKFQ i love them so prefect for work I am on my  feet all day perfect arch support , and no slip I also love that they are slip on
B00828VKFQ Work shoes that are close to PERFECT! These shoes give the right support & cushion in a very fast paced, lotsa walking & standing environment. They provide good heel & arch support and at the end of the day my feet hardly hurt as much as they used to! I highly recommend these shoes & recommend ordering them in a wider size as they run a bit narrow. Great support, quality & cute too
B00828VKFQ A comfortable, supportive shoe I got these for my daughter after she did research on the most comfortable shoe with support for those who spend their work time on their feet. A true fit and good stable shoe with good arch support. Not bad looking either!
B00828VKFQ The best I have EVER had!! I purchased these shoes after reading many reviews.  For the money, I was initially apprehensive, I am SOOOO glad I went with them.  Not only are they worth the money with the quality of the shoe itself but they feel as though they were custom made for my feet.  I wore them around the house for a couple of days to break them in before taking them to work, but honestly the break-in period was not really necessary. The arch is perfect, the toe box is roomy (but not in excess), the heel....heavenly support!!! The sizing was accurate for me as well. I can not say enough about these shoes!!GET THEM!! (:
B00828VKFQ Normally wear Dansko I normally wear Dansko but found these very comfortable with the same arch support .  Wear them daily to work and plan on buying them in Brown.
B008J0PKIA Comfy Cute and comfy - perfect multipurpose shoe.  Fit as expected.  Wore all day with no blister issues and they provide some cushion and arch support.
B008KLEYLM no support These are good light use shoes but when they call them BareStep, they mean no support. They would not be good for a long walk or a day of shopping. I'd call them slip on and run to the store for a quick trip.
B008KLGHL2 Decent sandals I bought these in medium brown in a size 8.5 medium.  I found them VERY hard out of the box, almost like they did not want to bend.  The top straps are tight until you break them in and my feet are normal width.  I almost sent them right back but gave them a try.  I wore them for a full day to break them in and they're getting more comfortable.  They have nice arch support.  They are a bit boring in the brown but at least it's a functional color.
B008KLGHL2 Attractive but lacks arch support I owned a pair of Timerberland sandals from several years ago and thought I'd like a newer pair. I loved the style of these and the color. I ended up giving these shoes away after wearing them twice because I need more arch support. I also didn't like the lining of the sole--it felt rubbery and artificial to me. If you just need a basic leather slide with little to no arch support, you'll probably like these. The styling is nice.
B008M27754 Very comfortable Can wear for casual and for dress in the summer. Very comfortable shoe. Size and fit are accurate. Will wear to work in summer as these will let my feet breath but have good support.
B008M2OCP2 No support They are fairly comfortable when you first put them on.  I have plantar fasciitis and they have so little support, that if I wear them anywhere that I have to walk very far or up steps I strain my insteps.
B008M2P490 Great shoe Works as a work casual shoe but good enough to hike in- took them camping as soon as I got them. They are comfortable, flexible, and kept my feet dry (in small puddles, not sloshing through standing water, obviously.) The regular fit is good for my soewhat wide, flat feet. Decent arch support- wore them w/o inserts.They are not too hot, either. A perfect hybrid shoe. One thing- they have stretchy laces and a wide opening. Can get them tight, but not super tight. You should therefore wear a sock that reaches just above your ankle to avoid rub. Oh, PS they come out of the box laced up in a ridiculous fashion- if you want to be able to tie them you'll have to relace them.
B008M2P490 Great comfort shoe Good looking shoe/so the Wife says/ Good arch support. GREAT for work!! Especially if you are on a concrete floor all day! !
B008M2ZFQW Nice shoe, but no arch support at all First, I read reviews that said these run a bit large, so being either a 12 or a 13, I ordered the 12.  Nope...too small.  I'd say these run just about true to size, as the 13 was a bit big on me.The shoe is just what it appears to be, which is a cute, comfortable, sneaker style boat shoe.  Unfortunately, like too many boat shoes, it is virtually flat inside; there is no arch whatsoever.  That will make it fine for light wear, but pretty uncomfortable for much walking/standing.  Pity...for this price, they could have done much better with it.
B008M2ZFQW Very comfy with style Timberland came out with a winner with the hook set model.  On shoes similar to this the sole is usual flat  with little or no support and after walking some time your feet start to hurt. Not so on these.  The sole is cushioned and actually has good support.  They are not white as the description indicated but more off-white and the trim is blue.  The photo reflects what yoyo are getting not the description. I gave it four stars only because I haven't worn them more than once.  The price was unbeatable.
B008N6Y9BO Nice classic design Nice classic design.  Appears to be very sturdy.  I expect to get years of wear out of it, and I do a lot of walking.  Nicely cushioned sole, and good cushioning under the heel.  I like how the tan outer sole with the brown shoe will be less likely to show dirt.  One of the reasons I like this shoe, is the lack of arch support.  I believed the lie, as many people still do, that feet need arch support in shoes.  Not so!  Feet need to develop muscles.  That is why walking barefoot or wearing soft flat flip flops is so much healthier than wearing stiff shoes with arch support.  I got these shoes for cooler weather, when I need to wear more on my feet than flip flops.  They are just fine with socks, but I plan to break them in gradually so I'll be able to wear them without socks.  My shoe size is a 6 C.  I bought a 6 B, and it works fine for me, especially since I will not be wearing socks with it.
B008N7GT9I Between a boot and a sneaker & look great - good Florida hikers Exactly what I was looking for - not a clunky boot but something a bit more substantial than a high-top sport shoe. These are barely boots without the weight, the clunky mud-tracking soles, or stiff ankle support. They have great ventilation - I have no problem wearing them all day and into the evening. There's just a little more ankle support than low-cut versions. The soles are good for light trails, but you are hiking granite more than a half-day you'll probably prefer a boot with a thicker sole and better ankle support. They were comfortable out of the box and have grown more comfortable after two weeks of constant use. The sizing is just like Merrill. I'm a 10.5-11 and buy the 11's in these. I wear these with jeans, shorts and have no problem in any casual environment. NOT ugly to us!
B008N7H654 NO ARCH SUPPORT I SENT THEM BACK. THEY SEEMED TO BE WELL CONSTRUCTED BUT HAD NO ARCH SUPPORT ON INSOLE. I NEED AN ARCH SUPPORT SO DIDN'T WEAR THEM.
B008N7H654 Very Light-weight and comfortable Fit true to size and pretty. Create good traction.However, these shoes provide zero arch support which I consider to be a big set back. I've got mine on sale so I'll keep them but would consider a different style for trail running purpose.
B008N7H654 Great fit! Rugged, love these things! I order the 9M US online. I have wide feet and was concerned. They fit great, held up, and provide proper support for the outdoors!
B008VAQ1UY Best kids trail shoes I got these for my kids to wear when they're hiking. They have great traction, support and flexibility.  The bungie tie works great.
B008VPU0GK slightly small fit, but great comfort Bought these for my fella, after he complained that his pro series Timberland work boots were too heavy, stiff, and not enough arch support to wear all day. He typically wears an 11 in shoes, but felt these were much more comfortable in size 12.
B008VQRZFS Comfortable and lots of support These shoes fit true to size, give great support, breath and are lightweight. I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are the best I've tried.
B008VT2GNG Fun and comfortable I've been looking for quality summer wedges with some cushion for my high arches for awhile when I found these online. Ordered them from a different retailer in my normal 7.5 size and found they were a bit too loose around the top of my foot after wearing them around the house for an hour or so. Sent those back and ordered them again from Amazon in a size 7, smaller than I usually wear.After wearing these out to dinner, I noticed that the leather straps on top of my foot have loosened a bit but not enough to be a problem, I hope. They are pretty comfortable and once strapped in, my foot feels secure with good arch support.Overall, I'm liking these sandals for the height, walking comfort  and versatility of wearing them with jeans, shorts or dresses.
B008ZBP7M2 No arch support This shoe is good looking for a casual shoe but has no arch support at all. The color is also lighter than depicted in the photo.
B0090X4EJQ Fits like a glove Easy to slip on and off.  They are simple enough for khakis yet stylish enough for dress slacks.  They provide good support traction. and I recommend these shoes to anyone who spends a great deal of time on their feet.
B0091225MO ARCH SUPPORT NOT AS EXPECTED I NEED A HIGH ARCH SUPPORT AND THAT IS WHY I BUY TIMBERLAND SHOES. THESE SHOES DO NOT HAVE THE SAME TYPE OF ARCH SUPPORT I HAVE HAD IN OTHER MODELS OF TIMBERLAND SHOES SO ARE NOT AS COMFORTABLE AS I EXPECTED. IN THE FUTURE I WILL NOT BUY EVEN A TIMBERLAND SHOE WITHOUT TRYING THEM ON FIRST.
B0091QISZS Satisfied These shoes are good all around: comfortable, durable, and attractive.  I would have liked a little more arch support.Others have mentioned the flip-fop effect.  I did notice this the first day I wore them, but a day is all it took to break in enough for it to go away.
B0091QISZS Brown slip on loafers Good sole, well stitched and very comfortable. I like the arch support which is sufficient if not quite a perfect fit to my feet.
B0098X5D98 I them I really like these shoes.  I bought them because they were slip ons, which I needed because I am soon getting a hip replacement, and I thought they would be easy to get on and off.  They are very easy to get on and off, and offer me very good support and balance. I am very happy with them, they are great.
B009OL2L94 I was shocked at how lightweight they are. They fit me perfect and I love them. Great hiking boot, for easy to moderate hikes, good tread and ankle support.
B009OL2L94 Perfect for hiking I got these for a trip when I found out we would be doing some hiking. I have arthritis and wide, flat feet so I need good support. I got the wides and my orthotics fit in them with no problem. These were not only comfortable, but helped prevent my ankles from rolling which has been a problem in the past even when walking on flat paved surfaces. Definitely recommend them and the seller.
B009OL2L94 no arch support These boots have zero arch support.  If you stand all day at work as I do, these are not the boots for you.  My feet hurt at the end of a shift, don't wear them often.
B009R8KH18 Great squishiness, and moisture absorption I like the support and cushion it gives. It is somewhat large, so it will take a few minutes to cut it to size. You won't regret getting this one!
B009R8KH18 Very satisfied I look for good arch support and these certainly fill the bill.  Shoes are so much more comfortable with a good supportive cushion.
B009R9EJ3E support and comfort My husband was so excited to get these for a gift. He works in construction management and spends long hours constantly on the move.  These insoles provide the support and comfort to keep him on the move painfree day after day.
B009R9EJ3E Timberland Pro Men's Anti Fatigue One of the worst insole out there, Please don't buy this product1) it is expensive2) anti-fatigue technology it is not true at all. I worn these insoles for 3 minutes and I started to have pain on my feet. They don't have any arch support at all, you have to cut these insoles in 99% of cases. Awful. I arranged a return. Stay away if you have medium or high arch.
B009R9EJ3E Perfect replacements. The original inserts started to wear and become pitted with a few holes. These insoles seem to be a bit more durable. They definitely give a lot more support as they are a bit thicker than the original inserts.
B009R9EJ3E Had to be cut to fit, also a bit thick These will work well on my Timberland hiking shoes, but not much else. They're a bit too thick and they aren't too different from the Smartwool inserts I currently use, which is to say they're cushy but don't offer any arch support to speak of. I'll probably get my money's worth out of them, but I won't buy them again.
B00ABNDW4M A lot of boot for the price! I am a woman, and my usual shoe size is 8.5 Medium to 9 Medium.  This appears to have translated to a size 6 Junior, or a "Big Kid" as they like to call it on Amazon.There is a label inside that gives you a quick conversion, and size 6 Junior equals US 6, UK 5.5, EU 39, JP 24, and CN 240.I went by the Euro size 39 which, in most conversion tables, translates to an 8.5 women's, and how the shoes felt on, and they fit wonderfully with enough room in toe box for a nice Smartwool sock. They do not pinch anywhere, no pressure spots (so far), and no slippage at the heel, which makes me very happy as I have narrow-ish heels and my feet are generally Medium, bordering on Wide but not quite there yet.The shoes themselves are of good quality, sturdy yet not a heavy "work boot" look, and quite light weight-wise.  The leather is thick but soft, and the maple and vanilla colors play so well together! The color is not as yellow / deerskin as it shows in the photo.  It is darker, more honey / maple.The overall finishing is quite meticulous, too.  The front and back plaques as not metal; they look metal-like, but they are some kind of pliable plastic.  The rivets - not sure; they might be metal, but I can't really tell.  The laces are quite pretty with a snake weave of golden and cream thread, and they a little stiff.  I thought they might not stay tied, and will keep coming undone but, actually, it has not been a problem at all.The sole is cream colored, and "Non Marking".  The thread is quite substantial, so the boots might be good in winter (I live in Canada, and it's the end of September, so no snow yet).  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the sole is glued, not sewn, to the shoe.  There is a machine imprint of sewing but no actual thread involved, just a pattern for finishing touch.One more thing: the arch support...  Not a whole lot of it here.  There is an attempt at arch support in the insole (removable), but I would not call it arch support.  I swapped the insoles for my custom ones that have a lot of arch support, and this seems to work fine.The shoes are not heavy; my size 6 (8.5 women's) pair weights 29.6 oz.They might be rugged but they are not some heavy clunkers!  I will be wearing mine as a casual, daily boot, as they do look quite awesome paired with a pair of cigarette jeans, or cargo shorts.  So far, I am very happy with my purchase.
B00AQMB9O8 CUTE! These are darling boots and so well-made.  The arch support is great for a little one's feet.  The leather is top notch and the detail on the top of the boot with the buckle adds a nice touch.  They are comfortable and appear quite durable.  Timberland boots are very nice boots and these are no exception.  I'll buy these again.
B00AW7M97S goodlooking boot This was an almost keeper but did not fit my arch correctly.  I have plantar fasciitis and was very hopeful but in the end it just wasn't a good enough fit.
B00AW8HF9Y Very Stiff The boot is perfect. Just what I wanted but.... they are super stiff. They are great for women who need extra ankle support. I don't so they are very uncomfortable.
B00AW8JL0A NO SUPPORT FOR FLAT FEET and no place for inserts. I'm extremely disappointed in these boots. I bought them at an airport, loved the looks and the quality built and the fact they were waterproof. I needed some emergency winter boots. I tried them on, super comfy, no problem that I could notice, so I bought the black AND the brown pair...Gross mistake. These boots have NO support whatsoever, and my flat feet couldn't take an hour of walking around in these. I figured that with some inserts I'd find the support my feet lacked.. Nope, no can do.. There's no removable insoles, and NO SPACE AT ALL in there for inserts!!! I love the style, love the built, love the warmth and waterproofness and the leather breaks in nice... but man the lack of support is a deal breaker.
B00AW8JL0A Weatherproof but not comfy I was looking for a stylish weatherproof boot for winter slush.  This one looked like it would fit the bill but I found the shaft too loose.  I think I would probably need to wear some type of insole as well because there was no arch support at all.  These went back and I will have to keep wearing my unstylish boots for the time being..
B00AZPO1BY Superb shoe! Excellent arch support, a comfortable out-of-the-box fit, high-quality construction and a rich, supple leather that can be dressed up are features that pleased my husband.  An unusual plus is that while walking across our newly-mown lawn, no blades of damp grass stuck to the soles, so floors inside stayed clean.  These have it all in a casual loafer at a very affordable price.
B00AZPO1BY Timberland dose it again Well constructed  shoe. Great for the east coast winter weather. Lightweight  great support and stylist never disappointed with timberlands boots and shoes
B00AZPOIF8 Very little arch support It will take me a while to get used to these simply because there is little arch support.  I might need to buy a  insert (which I have never had to do before)  Otherwise they fit well and look nice.
B00AZPOIF8 fit tight Fit tight..but will live with it..  keep feet dry..only wear them when it rains..wpuld work in winter snow..not much arch. Support..made in china..
B00AZPPEQ0 Timberland Quality Very comfortable with great arch support. Feels like wearing a running shoe. Solid construction and durable sole. Can be dressed up or down. Fantastic packaging by Amazon.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great looks, comfortable and support Shoe fits true to size, good support, I am flat footed with basicly no arch and this shoe provides the right fit.  Maybe I am By est, Timberlands have been one of the few brands that year in and year out continue to be true as far as comfort, wear, and support.  The price $55 excellent when most shoes this quality are $100 dollars plus.  I give it 4 stars only, wish the sole of the shoe was thicker, or I would rate higher.
B00AZPPEQ0 Very good shoe for the price Nice looking and fits well. Also warm and waterproof. Bought these to wear on a trip to Europe because l knew l would be walking a lot and wanted something comfortable and waterproof that didn't look like a hiking boots. Started wearing them to break in and they never hurt my feet at all. They are comfortable to wear, however they could have just a little more insole cushion for my liking. Its not a problem just for day to day wear, but i plan to buy some cushion inserts just for extra comfort walking all day sight seeing. Others may not need to but i like a soft sole and good arch support. They wear close to being like a tennis shoe but not quite. Still very good overall.
B00AZPPEQ0 HAPPY FEET SEEM TO BE A SOLID SHOE MIGHT NEED A LITTLE EXTRA SUPPORT AND CUSH FOR LONG WEAR BUT LOOK NICE WAITING TO SEE HOW THEY STAND UP IN THE LONG RUN BUT WOULD RECOMMEND
B00B02THKQ Excellent Boots. Fit is normal.. I generally wear 7 1/2' and ordered these in 7 1/2, they fit just fine.  I wear them with socks that are medium thickness.  I really like the support under the ball of my foot, the inner sole and outer sole serve to give good support.  I stand long hours, love boots, and looked for some that would give me support and comfort, these boots are doing that.The leather is a nice thickness, not some sprayed on layer.  I also wanted the waterproofing for fall and winter. I expect this to extend the life of the boot very well.I would recommend these because I am very pleased so far with these boots.
B00B7FIZ2C Love these boots These boots are very comfortable how ever i did replace the original insoles with some sole's which are also designed for fatigue and have an arch support which i need. These boots make me an inch taller also that is a plus for a shorty like myself.
B00B7H74CC These are comfortable, not loose and have great arch support Gave 4 stars because I have not actually worn them yet.Bought them for nursing job I will start next month. I have never been able to buy this style shoe because my feet are narrow. These are comfortable, not loose and have great arch support.  I hope they feel as good at the end of a day spent on my feet.
B00B822FHK Nice shoe only no arch I wear and ordered a 9.5 shoe and they fit slightly large, no complaint.  I liked the looks of these shoes, they are soft and comfortable to wear.  I was disappointed they had no arch support, which I need.  Other timberland shoes I have worn have arch support.  I like and would buy Timberland again only I would look for a shoe with arch support.
B00B83W7W2 Minimalist hiking shoe for an active man of style Let me preface this by saying that I am NOT an experienced hiker.  When my sister invited me along with some of her friends for a day trip to Santa Rosa Island for some hiking, I realized that I didn't have the appropriate footwear.  I've jumped into some advanced-level hikes before in less than suitable footwear (Upper Yosemite fall in gym shoes...yikes), and it wasn't entirely comfortable.So my mission became to find some decent hiking SHOES (not boots!) that have a little style to them.  Wow... that second point was the tough one.  Every single hiking boot or shoe out there is either boring brown or grey, and pretty clunky, heavy-looking, and generally style-less.  With good reason.  I understand that these are functional shoes and are expected to get brown or grey from the terrain anyway-- but still, i need something that both fits me size-wise, and fits me style-wise.  Most hiking footwear reminds me of nerdy middle-aged guys who wear hiking footwear as everyday footwear.  But then I found these!  They're perfect in so many ways.  I ordered these specifically for intermediate-level hiking on well-kept trails, as I can tell that they offer only minimal support.Style-wise, they are awesome.  I wanted something bright, and the blue color is perfect.  They are not clunky-looking, but rather very streamlined.  They do look almost like street shoes.  But the difference is obviously in the sole, which has a decent amount of cushioning in the forefoot and heel, and a good amount of tread.  As one other reviewer has said, there is not a lot of arch support.  They are very lightweight that's mostly due to their nylon and mesh construction.  They seem very breathable.  I will likely wear these without socks because they are comfy enough, will keep my feet cooler, and because they look better that way.Of course, now the real test is to hike in them!  I may update this review after that.
B00B83W7W2 Very nice and comfortable Unlike some other reviewers, I found these exactly as expected, although that may be because I read many reviews before ordering.  I have medium width feet, although they're on the narrow side, and I know my Timberland shoe size well.  These fit me perfectly and I find the width to be on par with other shoes of this type.Speaking of which, I believe Timberland describes it as a hiking shoe, although I'd say it's more of a trail shoe.  It has enough padding to be a hiking shoe, but the soles are far too flexible (more on that later).  Like a good trail shoe, they're very lightweight, they offer ample padding, they're airy and they look like they handle water okay.  They don't seem to have much rise in the heel and they remind me of the Merrell Mix Master (one of the many trail shoes with a small rise, which Merrell describes as an introduction to barefoot running.)  My only initial complaint is that I sort of wish there were more support in the mid-sole (hence, the too much flexibility comment), although barefoot shoes seem to lack such support by specification.  In summary, I consider these to be a barefoot trail shoe, similar to the Mix Master or the New Balance MT1010 trail shoes.  I love such shoes for most any outdoor activities in the Summer.They may appear to be somewhat heftier in the pictures, but don't be fooled or you may end up disappointed.  Having said that, the Vibram soles offer enough padding and protection to make them suitable for some of your more rugged outdoor adventures, but they don't replace the need for a good pair of hiking shoes, or boots, for those longer, more treacherous, hikes.This review was written after an initial inspection of the shoe and it may be updated later, when/if I have more to add.  As for now, however, I'll be adding them to my existing collection of barefoot trail shoes and I suspect that I'll love them.Update 1: Just wanted to add that while these are light, they're not as light as the Mix Master or MT1010 shoes I mention in the review.  I don't consider this a problem, but then I won't be running in them, either.  Also should add that they're very comfortable shoes.Update 2: My only major complaint is that they need more arch support.  The soles are really flexible, and without more arch support, I wouldn't recommend them for any sort of hiking, or trailing, because there's so little stability for the arch.  All the similar trail shoes I own either have more arch support, stiffer soles or both. I  believe the similar Merrell Mix Master uses a nylon shank to stiffen the soles (it also has better arch support) and I think the Pembroke would benefit from having one, too.I still find them very comfortable and like them a lot, but I just don't find them as practical for their intended use.
B00B9PJBDC Thin The sole is really thin and the leather upper is very soft. There is virtually no arch support. A comfortable boot at first but I think it won't last (very much like the Timberland jacket I bought) The image may give the impression that this is some kind of tough work boot, it's not. I think there are better  boots out there for the money. This is the last time I buy a Timberland product.
B00B9PS9VC Like sandals I can wear to work! These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn; the arch support is perfect and the sole cushion is like walking in soft earth.  The shoes are light as a feather and it feels more comfortable than my favorite slippers or Birkenstocks.Though the shoes were a little larger than I had expected, they fit comfortably and do not slip around on my heel, plus the arch support is exactly where I like it so I decided not to return for a smaller size.I can seriously barely tell I am wearing shoes.  These things are awesome!
B00B9PS9VC I love these. I bought these during a daily deal on Amazon and I am glad I did.  I have wide feet and they fit perfectly to my feet.  Very comfortable and there is a little bit of arch support instead of just a flat bottom.  I got the darker color and have had them for about a month.  My favorite shoes.
B00B9U0FQE Fits nice no arch support It was agood looking boot and felt snug but the flat bottom meant it was not going to be good for walking around and doing any hiking.
B00B9U37LO Nice kicks. Got a lot of complements wearing these. Plus they seem to holds up well in the snow. Good support and feel too.
B00BCJV7J6 Boots are Comfortable with Good Arch support. Fit was as expected ordering my normal size. Since the boots are lined, I did not wear  heavy winter socks.There was some room for extra padding if needed.  Boots are comfortable- Arch support and traction are good for hiking. My only complaint is that the shoe laces have to be double secured or they will come untied and the shaft  was a little high for me. You cannot fold down the tops. Overall, I do recommend this boot and will buy this brand again in the future.  Can't report on the waterproofing,as I have not been out in the rain yet.
B00BCJW35I Love these shoes/boots! I've been buying 7 1/2 B for the last 5 years because I thought my foot had grown half a size. It turns out, I still wear a 7, but I've gone from a B to C width, and now need a roomy toe box. Finding those two things in a shoe that's attractive can be difficult. Too many toe boxes are cramped and C widths are not easy to come by. These shoe boots come in a C and have a roomy toe box!! They fit well and the construction is exemplary. There looks to be real craftsmanship in these boots. I wish the shaft was a couple inches taller, but that's just a fashion preference. They come about an inch above the ankle. Strong laces -- you can choose which laces to keep loose and which to tighten to make it a custom fit. A good tight pull of laces around the top of shaft will give you excellent ankle support. Heel is a good size, chunky and not too high. Also not hollow. The heel with the rubber sole gives a very firm sense of balance and support. The entire shoe feels supportive. I run up and down stairs in these things!! Beautiful leather, beautiful design, comfortable and supportive. Note: I didn't find the insoles to be effective, but they're removable, so you can add your own insole -- which I did. Great boot/shoe!
B00BCJXLHW Great fit and perfect for winter I have been searching for winter/fall boots for some time now. I finally decided to buy this pair and I really like them. I have been using them for several weeks now under several winter conditions: -2F temperatures, several inches of snow and slush.They are lightweight, they keep my feet warm and dry, and they have good grip on the snow. The fit is comfortable even when I use thick socks. I usually need shoes with good arch support so I don't get tired too fast. This pair provides me with good arch support, even after wearing them all day or during long walks.I also like that I can varied the style by folding them or tying them up all the way up. Although, I usually do not wear skinny jeans so I do not wear the jeans inside the boot shaft, these boots have a narrow shaft so they won't work with jeans inside unless folded.I am yet to test them during fall-like weather but my guess is they might be a little warm.Pros: comfortable, good support, waterproof, stylishCons: They might be a little too warm for non-winter times
B00BNPKN9Y Great Construction, Poor Fit I love the look of the chukka...too bad my foot wouldn't fit inside!  My arch isn't very high, but I still couldn't get my foot inside. Disappointed!
B00DYQP7NM Finally, a comfortable ballet flat FINALLY.  No pinching, no rubbing, no sliding off my heel, and *just* enough arch support.  AND cute.  I've been looking for years.  Will buy another color for sure.  Maybe even buy some backups for down the road... that's how hard it's been to find a ballet flat that works for me.  Thrilled.
B00DYQV5ZG Very well crafted, good-looking, and most importantly extremely comfortable. Great shoe. Very well crafted, good-looking, and most importantly extremely comfortable. No need for 'breaking in'. Have been wearing them sock-less from day 1 and never gotten a single blister. My foot has gotten a little wider since starting to wear Vibrams, so most shoes feel tight on me. Not this one. I'm a minimalist walker/sprinter, so the lack of arch support is not a problem.
B00DYQWBHW Great boots I bought these to take on a trip to Europe with me for days too rainy for sneakers.  I've worn them 3 times now and they are breaking in really well.  I find that Timberlands have more arch support than average shoes.  The flexible sole and cushioned heels feel really nice walking.  I'm hoping that these will be completely broken in by the time I leave for my trip.  I read the other reviews that said they run large, so instead of my normal 7, I got a 6.5.  I have narrow feet and these fit great.
B00E3LA0TI Nice socks I like the support they provide. Timberland is a great brand and I have been very happy with their products.
B00E3LA0TI Very impressed with the high quality of these socks I am already thinking of ordering more of these. They fill just right and very comfortable. Fabric does feel thick and good quality. good support to the arch.
B00E41ZKZQ Cool Timberlands If you want shoes that feel like moccasins, these are the shoes for you. Very soft insole, but still have some arch support. Very flexible soles. True sizing, but toe box is slightly wide.
B00E5I2GPU Summer favorites With flat feet & bunions, it's difficult to find shoes that are both comfortable and flattering.  These are as comfortable as slippers but with good arch support. The leather upper is soft and molds to your foot, so I can wear them for hours and my feet never feel tired or painful.They also look great! Feminine and with just enough lift, they go well with skirts and slacks.  So happy to find 'comfort' shoes that actually look chic rather than dowdy. And the price is way more reasonable than a lot of other labels. Highly recommend!
B00EALTAL0 work shoes I am a surgical nurse and am on my feet constantly.  The arch support in these shoes is excellent.  This is the second pair that I have purchased. True to size - great fit.
