B000073TM3 Comfortable but not visibly durable Scuffs pretty easily leaving the brown area of the toe turning to white.This is after only about 1 week of normal use by my 5 year old.
B00009WMIH Timberland Boots This is defenitely one great pair of boots! It's very soft and comfortable. I recommed to use it with long socks.
B0000AFSX4 great product and service These are the perfect outside boots for my toddler. She loves them. The price was right and I have no doubt that we'll get a lot of use out of them - they're so sturdy that she'll wear them and then hand them down to her little sister. It's very hard to find cute, well made boots for a toddler girl and I am so glad we found these ones.
B0000AFSX4 Versatile Boot I like these boots for my infant. They are stylish and you can pair them with anything. It took my walking 11 month old some getting use to because the boot is heavier than any of his other shoes.
B0000DFAXV Women can also use My daughter is using on her Trip to Europe, and she's so happy about it, women can use these boots without a problem
B0000DFAXV very good The pair of shoes suits me so well and it is waterproof. You can also use it when there is heavy rain.
B0007T4I1Q Not exact... Wasn't the exact boot pictured, but close enough that I am satisfied enough to not wait for them to be reshipped. The boots are fantastic for dress. Would not use them for any kind of work though. They're thin and suede. Very nice looking and fit perfectly, which is impotant considering I couldn't try them on.
B000AKVBCQ Sole problems I use these shoes for work every day 6 days a week, nothing heavy duty just walk around on a cement floor. After 5 months of use the sole split and now the water gets in...not a little, a lot which leaves me with my feet wet for the rest of the day.If you work in a dry enviroment then you should be good, the shoes are confortable and really light weight.
B000AKZBTA Heavy like a bad conscience The boots are really fine, everytime I wear them (which is not that often)somebody make a comment, Why I don't use them that much? because they are heavy like a bad conscience total weight, 6.6 pounds, they look good, they are strong but walk is kind of hard with them and my boot are made for walking and that's not what I can do, haha.
B000BB15ZC Laces shred too easily from cheap quality loop eyelets Other than the low quality eyelets, these have held up well for about 3 months so far.  I wear these every day for 8 hours straight and I am on my feet all day.  They are durable and comfortable, with great support and the gore-tex really does help keep your feet dry and warm.  However, I do use quality socks and some supportive insoles.  The insoles that come with these are cheap as to be expected.  Once you upgrade them and use good socks, they are great for cold and wet weather.  They have awesome tread grip as well.  I just wish they didn't skimp on the crappy bent loop eyelets for the high price, otherwise these would easily be 5 star shoes.  The eyelets also have sharp edges and shred the laces in certain spots every time you sinch the laces putting them on your feet.  I am just waiting for either some of the eylets to snap off or the laces to break at these spots.  Tick tock...
B000BB15ZC Originally loved it, but..... Great to start...looks great...fits well...waterproof....but after limited use, the lowest left foot left lace metal stay (grommet) broke.  For the money spent and knowing the traditional Timberland quality, the shoes are ruined.  I might very well never buy another Timberland product after having been happy with the performance and quality for years.
B000BB15ZC Fantastic boots I use these boots as work boots in the shop (race car stuff) and for daily use. I have even used them with jeans and a nice shirt to &#8220;dress up for dinner&#8221;. When they are new they are &#8220;nice&#8221; boots. As they get scuffed up, etc they are demoted/promoted to work boots where they last for a long time. I usually have 4 pair on hand at one time. 2 black, 2 brown. I&#8217;ve had at least 10 pair of them. I couldn&#8217;t be happier.
B000BB15ZC Great boots just buy some extra laces This is my third pair of these boots so obviously I like them. I don't use them for hiking but I do a lot of walking in all types of weather for my job and they offer good comfort, traction, protection from the elements. My only complaint is the shoe laces will not last the life of the boot because the metal eyelets shred the the soft stretchy material of the outer layer of these laces
B000BB15ZC Quality Issue On the plus side, these boots have been very comfortable right out of the box.  The break in time was almost zero.  Unfortunately there are quality issues with my pair.  The seam along the webbing on the side of the shoe came loose after relatively short use.  A minor problem has been the laces.  The outer sheath broke very quickly after I started wearing the shoes.  A nice shoe with some quality issues.
B000BB15ZC Great Boots I have to say I was a bit apprehensive about purchasing the Chocorua. A quick Internet search revealed a number of users complaining about broken eyelets, and a visit to the local Timberland store provided the confirmation that "a few" people were having this problem. With a 10-day upcoming trip to the desert, I was justifiably concerned: A broken eyelet in the middle of nowhere would prevent proper lacing, ruining the hike.After 10 days walking over coarse and fine sand, climbing rocks, crossing streams and even using it to re-position a stubborn log in a bonfire, I couldn't be happier. The Chocorua is lightweight and performed well over all kinds of terrain. On top of that, it is one of the cheapest Gore-Tex light hiking boots available on the market.== Update Feb/2013 ==I've been using these boots for 2 1/2 years now. It has been through everything from the sands and rocks of the Mojave desert, to all kinds of hikes and *daily* urban use. The Chocorua never failed me during this time. The sole started to show signs of wear after one year of use, and severe wear after two years. Please, again, note that I'm using these boots DAILY and most of my other shoes don't last that long under the same conditions. These boots are so comfortable that I literally stopped using all my other shoes.I couldn't be happier and I just ordered another pair.
B000BB15ZC Expected something better from Timberland Very poor quality laces, broke after 1 month of use. Low tolerance to salt used at work after the bad winter we had here in the north eastern US. When new they didn't shine very well when polished.
B000BB15ZC Seems rugged, but some quality issues present They work as advertised; durable, waterproof, etc. I'm tough on boots, but haven't even had the chance to put these through their paces because at least one eyelet on each boot was poorly made and has shredded my laces after just a few months of use.I'm going to attempt to smooth out the interior to the eyelet with a round file or rotary tool and get a new pair of laces to see if that fixes the issue.
B000BB15ZC Poor quality boots Boots are extremely comfort and well for winter hiking. But fabric parts have been broken after one month of use. Do not recomend this model.
B000BFIHVS Repurchase every year I love these boots so much that I purchase a new pair every year.  I keep the old ones for Digging and yard work and use the new for going out!I recommend these shoes for all year wear!
B000BFIHVS Happy Feet Great boot and great value.  Use it to walk 4 miles daily and my problematic hip feels terrific!  I have wide feet and these fit perfectly.
B000BFIHVS Great boots I have a hard time getting any boot to be comfortable enough to wear all day, at least 12 hours.  These boots do just that.  This is my 3rd pair over the past 6 years and I still use the first pair - they're well worn - around the yard for yard work.  I use these when driving water tender on fires with my fire gear and they hold up just perfectly.  I like the flexibility and traction they provide and they look nice.The price is very reasonable.  I hope Timberland never gets rid of this model.
B000BFIHVS Great for mountain trekking I bought this pair for a mountain trekking in the andes in my country, I walked for 76 hour with them, and I had no trouble at all, they are confortable and truly waterproof. they got a little torn but it's normal for that kind of heavy use.For the price and quality I recommend this shoes.
B000BFIHVS SWEET These are the most comfortable hiking boots that I have owned. I actually use them for cutting grass and they allow me to work without having aching feet at the end of the day. Thanks.
B000BFIHVS Backup Pair...Hate to buy shoes :) Chose the 5 star rating because they FIT! Plain and simple, if you know your size (or if you need to buy several to find out) do it! These are the best fitting boots I've had in four years (sans my hiking ones) and I use them for everyday work in the yard or just goofing around in. They are comfortable and I did put a water repelent sealer on them and they will keep my feet dry. I bought this second pari for a backup once my original ones wear out. They just might not be around when I need them again. Oh, the price...most excellent for $80.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot! I love these boots, really comfortable!!They are sturdy enough for me,will use them for yard work and sometimes when I go out
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge did not live up to their name I do not have a problem with Amazon they returned the first pair of these boots becasue they were not waterproof as stated in the product information.  The second pair is not waterproof as well.  If you are looking for a boot that you can use in the field please look for other brand.  This boot is a boot that you can use for work around the house on a sunny day but not a boots built for field use.
B000BFIHVS Very snug boots Very snug boots, wore them hiking different trails in the Shenandoah and feet didn't hurt at all. Also work very well for daily use.
B000BFIHVS Nice fit and value. Great boot and fit.  Could use more cushion material inside and the tongue is overstuffed but may settle with time.Great fit and quality.
B000BFIHVS Timberland,  a fine boot. I have been wearing Timberland boots for years and these hold up to the standards that I expect from this company.If you chose your correct size, there is very little break-in time. About a day of walking in them does the trick. I am very tough on any shoe that I wear and appreciate the knowledge that these should last me at least a year and more of heavy use before I will have to replace them. very happy with this purchase.Make sure you get your correct size!!
B000BFIHVS This is my third pair - nuff said! These are great for all around use, I normally wear them throughout the winter (our winters are not too harsh) to keep my feet warm & dry. I get a new pair every two or three years & cycle the old one's to my &#34;yard work pair&#34;. I normally wear New Balance running shoes in a 10-1/2 4E, these run just a tad smaller, especially if your wearing thicker socks, you'll need some extra room. One tip for longevity - as soon as you get them and sure you have the correct size; slap on a liberal coat of Sno-seal & use a blow dryer to get the leather to absorb it. When ever they start to look a little shabby, do it again & call it good.
B000BFIHVS detail footwear has good conford, is lightweight, is very cool, the sole has a special grip is very durable, easy to laver, not lose color by the use
B000BFIHVS Good standard use boot. This is my 3rd pair I have had. After having trouble finding my size at Dunhams, I ordered online. Was cheaper with shipping than Dunhams sale price in store. Standard delivery was as stated. These shoes fit me well and I wear them for about 1 year on a daily basis. They hold up well.
B000BFIHVS Very Well The shoe size is consistent, for the moments percent comfortable. Expect daily use to really know the quality which allows me to give a more detailed appreciation
B000BFIHVS Almost as good as the Chocorua. Almost... I'm a big fan of theTimberland Men's Chocorua Gore-Tex Hikerboots, but they're getting a little expensive for daily use (used to cost $75, now $100.) I wanted to find a cheaper alternative and the White Ledge seemed to fit the bill.This product is very similar to the Chocorua but is not lined with Gore-Tex, which is fine for my daily use (I don't ford streams going to work.) The form-factor is very similar to the Chocorua, but a bit tighter. I ended up returning it as the fit was less than optimal.I believe it would probably have been OK if I spent some time "breaking" it, but I got spoiled by the Chocoruas "straight out of the box to the trail" fit.
B000BFIHVS perfect quality fits perfectly to what was expected, for use, pretty comfortable, and durable. recommend as footwear for anyone else who buys this model of footwear
B000BFIHVS Timberland waterproof boots. Fit veru well and was easy to walk-in. Use them every day walking 4miles in the woos with my dogs.
B000BFIHVS Pretty good Comfortable for hikes walks and everyday use. I would most def recommend for this price and it came one time
B000BFIHVS My third pair! I have bought this same boot twice before and have worn them into the ground.  Be sure to use a waterproofing material and wear good socks and you can go far.  The old ones are still around for those times when I need a sturdy, light weight shoe for tasks like crawling under the house or painting.
B000BFIHVS Well-made boots These are my second pair of Timberland Boots.  They are comfortable, casual, and good-looking.  They are holding up well.  I use them especially in winter.
B000BFIHVS Good fit,light,waterproof,easy to lace , ease of putting on and taking off. Hiked the Appalachian Mountains with them and am 73 Great highly recommend. My other one lasted a long time and had 20,000 mile on them. Use mint oil on them
B000BFIHVS Good Just got it on 9/3/13 and they're real nice, can't wait to use them. Tried them on and fit like a glove, I'll review more in a few months with the rain and cold weather
B000BFIHVS best boots yet. Third pair for me, tried others, but this one fits.......well like a glove.  light weight, comfortable, rugged.  I use it for work mostly.
B000BFIHVS Cheap VERY POORLY MADE. Bought for winter use. I don't work outdoors so use was very light. They were comfortable and waterproof for almost 1 and 1/2 months. At that time the welt began to separate. Bought some shoe goo and will try to use these until spring, then into the trash can. I have bought very cheap boots at discounter that have lasted longer than these.
B000C2EU2K Timberland Clogs Rule! I purchased these clogs for every day use,and they work great.I wear them on packed snow and they have excellent traction.I highly recomend these work clogs.
B000FG3GQO Good Design The boots are very impresive look,, but are a little heavy, so if you use it for more than 6 o 7 hours, you can feel very very tired. be sure of the size, i use 11 but in thes boots i'm 9.5,, be careful..
B000FX9A5S No regrets Fit perfect! Ive use this brand for almost 8 years and to this day i never regret buying them! The amount spent is worth it.
B000FX9A5S Great boots I bought these for working in the yard.  When I received them I realized they were much too nice for that so I use them as my motorcycle boots.  They fit well and are very comfortable.
B000G1Z9XG Perfect for my outdoor use, fits great!! Shipped on time, great fit, great protection. I use them for outdoor work, they are very comfortable. They also look great for Casual wear I love them!!
B000G21BSC As comfortable as the last. I bartend and use these boots to work in. Some shifts are 10 hours long and I've not had any pain in my feet yet. Love these!
B000G21BSC Timberland Womens White Ledge Mid Ankle boot I really like this hiking boot.  It fits great and I think they will last a long time. I use them mainly for winter time and I could use them for hiking too.
B000G21BSC it's okay, i received what i wanted, but does not fit it's okay, I liked he boot, but it's to small for me. So I will not use it, i'm so sorry
B000G23DQK great boots Loved theses boots . This is the second time I have had them . Would buy them a third time .don't use free shipping !
B000G23DQK Great Shoes At first bought these because of the weather and its nice style. I ended up needing to use these for construction site visits and they were well suitable for the job. They did take some work breaking into but once they were, they didn't even feel like boots.
B000G23DQK Timberland 6" Scuffproof Boot Premium These boots are great got them last christmas and they have lasted so good, I don't even need to maintain them as much as the regular tim's. And the best part is they don't pick up dirt or grim, I work at my father's pizza place preparing and delivering food and it can get real messy. I used to have to bu a seperate pair of shoes to wear to work and now I can use these all day. I also restore muscle cars and build them from the ground up and one time I dropped an exhaust on them and they didn't even bend it like a regular pair would(that indent they get when you push the toe in). They also are very comfortable and withstand the winters here in upstate ny. Overall great boots, would write more but don't got time i gtg. BUY THESE BOOTS! gotta get the scuffproof too.
B000G23DQK Bad material Doesn't breathe at all. Like walking in a plastic bag, your feet get all sweaty. Not good for hikes, not good for everyday use. I've had them for a year and a half now, trying to find a use for them, but can't. Big disappointment. I thought Timberlands were better quality.
B000G23DQK great boots my size is 9i use it for workgreat qualitythe exceeds my expectationsit is of the best quality
B000G24LJS Wow. Bought these shoes for $40.00 less than the local Timberland store. They are exactly what I was looking for, and will suit the use I have intended for them (rugged casual)
B000G24LJS Forever was my favorite It's a Classic shoe. For me this never pass away, it looks very good with everything and i use it for work and to go out
B000HGZRYQ Favorite Footwear Like it well enough that I'll probably buy another pair as the originals have been worn so much they're beginning to show some wear. They've lasted well. The wear is due to a lot of use in all kinds of conditions.
B000KE5UQ0 mcsimmo i love it... was a little bigger that i expected but i guess my son will get more use from it lol lol... hope it last...
B000KVA7YI Very Nice. Everything is great. No complaints at all. I use it all the time. I love these boots and wear them every day!!
B000KVA7YI Long wearing Satisfied with the boot and are durable lasting about a year of daily use. Has purchased these several times before.
B000KVA7YI Outdoors Item was received as advertised in good condition. It is being used daily in its intended use and has performed adequately. They are very comfortable.
B000MX4UGU Great boots I had them for a year, use to while i ride my motorcycle. Great durability and last long a bit heavy but i like it. This is my second one first one was in perfect condition but i lost it ya long story.
B000UCCQEQ not the most confortable I want to share that the product is not so confortable as i believed. the material is ok but it is a little hard and after few hour of use this become not agreable
B000VIAOMU A Little Boy Pleaser I purchased these Timberland Toddler boots for my 3 year old nephew. He loves them and is so proud of them. His parents love them too. They fit well and are wearing well. He lives in a rural setting so gets a lot of use from them.  Likes to wear them while camping. Calls them his "hunking" boots.
B000VW69IY great buy Comfortable and well made, im 9.5. But I use 10 to have some room and no feel tight. Etc etc
B000VWJIUK Outstanding Shoe! I purchased the Black colored shoe.  These shoes exceeded my expectations.  Very comfortable, water-proof, feel good all day and look good for both casual and dress.  The shoes initially feel a bit heavy but I quickly got use to that and they provide me with good stability which I can use at my age of 78.  These shoes are another great Timberland product.Seller was Grapevinehill via Amazon.  Grapevinehill shipping was free and they shipped 2nd day FedEX.  Super seller!
B000VX01V4 Love em great price These are great shoes my third pair I use them all. Wear them year round and they never fall apart just wear out from use A+
B000VX01V4 value for money Looks better in real life. Perfect for casualoccasions and day to day use. A little bite heavy for comfort. It's okay
B000VX03GC Rock solid These boots have served me well after a few months of use.  They have been put through a number of hikes and quite a few workdays, keeping my feet comfortable and very well protected.
B000VX03GC Boot I bought them for our trek in Dingle Peninsula in Ireland. I relied them for 3 weeks. They were perfect and water proof. I loved them. If you are looking for good shoes for hiking use these Timberland boots.
B000VX03GC Broke itself, now i'm stuck with it I bought this product to fulfill a need for waterproof boots that I could use while taking trips in snowy regions and comfortable enough to use everyday.  The boots arrived on time and fit as expected once broken in for a few hours.  The build quality seemed OK and appeared to be made with good materials.  However, the shoelace conductor (for lack of official term) broke itself off after the laces got caught on one of the shoelace hooks while I was walking.  Luckily, I didn't fall.  Although i'm sure the extreme stutter fumble I performed surely garnered a few giggles.Now, it's 6 days past the return window (I travel quite a bit so I just couldn't send them back), and i'm stuck with these broken boots.  Very disappointed.  I will attempt to contact Timberland to see if they can repair them and if so, I will adjust my rating accordingly.
B000VX03GC Great Hiking Boots Last pair I had lasted almost 12 months of use/abuse. I am retired and go out every day in the spring/summer/fall to either hike in the adjacent park, cut brush/wood on my property (6 acres), or otherwise do lots of work outside. These are very comfortable right off the bat and also very durable. The sizes generally run normal. They are nice looking as well and can wear out to daily errands & casual events. This time the pricing here was better than at the local box stores (i.e. Dick's SG or others). I am again totally satisfied with purchase.
B000VX03GC Great product! Boot were ready to use da y one. It was an intense five days hike in the Cordillera Central in the Dominican Republic's Pico Duarte. Very challenging distances in mountain terrain and this shoes were so confortables.
B000VX03GC Very Comfortable These boots wear great and are easy on the feet but I did not give a 5 star rating because the sole seems to seperate at the toe with only a couple months of daily use.
B000VX03GC Great all around boots! You can't go wrong with these boots. Very rugged. I use them for work,motorcycling, as well as hiking. Get them!
B000VX03GC Well Like 15130 Chocurua Trail Boot ! I go on a hick every day. The 15130 Chocurua is the Best trail boot I  have ever use! I wear size 12 EE witch is hard to get,but I got the right size, no problem !
B000VX03GC Best boots I've owned My work takes me through woods, wet grass, and swamp.  I bough a pair of these 2 years ago and they are great.  They have stayed waterproof, are light weight, and also look good for causual use.  No break-in was required... as opposed to a 1-year break-in for a heavy pair of Red Wings I still own. I've had Danner boots, which were excellent, but clunky for casual use; and some Doc-Martins which lasted 1-week. I've had good luck with Timberland jackets and can't say enough good things about my Chocura trail boots!
B000VX03GC Might have had too high of an expectation Overall very comfortable but not as durable as I had hoped. Seems the seal is already giving a little even after only a solid four days of tough use. Hiking, climbing Etc.
B000VX03GC BAD experience Soles of both boots began to come off after only two days of gentle usage. I will be returning immediately. Disappointed in Timberland after years of use in their footwear.
B000VX03GC Perfect I still have a pair of these boots that I use for yard work etc. They're pretty beat up, but I've put them through their paces and they are excellent. They're light, rugged, durable and I really like the fit. They're great for light hiking. I might get another pair just in case they stop making this model (companies seem to do that to products I like).
B000VX03GC 5 years of timberland I use them for work, almost everyday use in them. I have had 4 other variants of the same boot. All of timberland are great fit
B000VX03GC The delicate flower of hiking boots Soles fell apart after less than 600 miles. Comfy as all get out but clearly not intended for serious day to day use. Would not buy again.
B000VX03GC good for intermediate distance I purchased these boots and they arrived very quickly, the next day.  I broke them in over a week, I then used them to hike 26 miles through very harsh terrain. They provide good ankle support and I had minimal blistering, the only issue I had was the bottom of my feet started to hurt due to the rocks at about 18 miles.  They could also use better insoles as the ones provided don't hold up very well.
B000VX03WQ pretty much every day I have been wearing this series boots for more than 10 years now, pretty much every day.That said, these (new) boots are not as immediately comfortable as the previous ones.Also, the laces are much thinner this time around.As such, I have given them one week of use so far, and I have to say that I am really on the fence here.
B000VX03WQ A lot of plusses, a few minuses I've now had my pair for 2 years.  There are plenty of things to like.  Wonderful soft comfortable leather that is easy to break in and easily water proofed, grippy soles, a good tying system.  But there are several things that keep them from perfection.  1)  The tongue, while providing great comfort is so freakishly big that it sometimes gets in the way.  2) A lack of vibram in the soles causes faster wear than I would like.  3) Timberland's claim of "these hikers are ideal for multi-day backpacking as well as lightweight hiking" is an overstatement.  There is simply not enough ankle support for backpacking.  A fine hiker for gentle use on good trails and the streets of Europe.  For anything more vigorous, you'll need something else.
B000XEA5ZI quality work boots My hubby loves them. They look very nice and he saYs very comfortable.  I chose 4 stars just bc we ordered an 11.5 and he could pRobably use an 11. There are slightly big.
B000XEA5ZI Very Comfortable Boots Man I really love these boots.  The protective toe cover keeps the boot protected.  I use these for everything as I am a contractor.  Light weight.  The only thing I wish they has was D rings to make them tighter.  That would be the only think I could think of.
B000XEA5ZI Disapointed... after almost a year !!! I bought these almost a year ago i'm a landscaper (hardscaping)I live in Montreal, Qc Canada... I have a company and I install brick paver, At first I was amazed by the lightness of the boots and how comfortable they feel. I loved them !!! I was so happy about my buy and the price I paid was very cheap (they were on special) But I'm in the second year of using these Timberland Pro, and I'm telling you... I'm very much disapointed !!! The outside of the boot is still perfect and I could still use them for another 2 years... but the outersole is completely destroided !!! I use them to kick paver or to place brick in line when layed down .. so the outersole is completely destroyed... I have a hole under my boot !!! They are DONE !!! The other pair of work boots I had before (Terra) lasted me 3 years...these Timberland... are dead after a year !!! Dont forget I'm a landscaper and I live in Canada and only work from April till november (That's 8 monts of hard labor)!!! The rest of the year thet are ...on break !!!I'm going to write to Timberland to describe my disapointement and tell them how I feel.Anyway please take advise that if you use your outersole and scrape them a lot...you'll be disapointed...take my word for it!This is my story...hope it helps !PS --  Also please dont write reviews after a week or when you receive the item...this is not representative of the real value of the product... Use them...make them work... PUNISH THEM.... and after write your review !!!
B000XEAA0S Work Boots First of all, I ordered 8" when I should have ordered the 6" boots. They are taking a little while to break in and I am not use to the extra height yet. They can be a little too warm in the fall but I'm sure I will appreciate in the winter. They are holding up very well at work due to the protective coating on the lower portion of the boots.
B000XEACHO Excellent shoes Perfect boots. I use them for Work. (caterpillar)They are comforts comfortable. Roomy. My feet don't hurt after a 12 hour shift.
B000XEACHO Awesome Very comfortable and only took 1 week to break in. I work for the phone company and use them to climb poles daily. Would recommend.
B000XEAM10 Titan work boots Great shoe as this is my second pair. Minimal break end. Could use more archsupport, but this is a personal preference as I have high arches. I correct thisby purchasing extra insoles.
B000XEAMXS Comfortable but needs some improvement on quality I recently purchased these boots because we had to do OSP (Outside Plans) work running fiber in confined spaces work. Over all they served their purpose and I found they are good for short term use not for long term use. The positives were they were comfortable and were light and like I said did their job. The major drawback however is the plastic rings where the boot laces goes through were very sub-standard quality and came out of the boot after the first time i tried to lace them up, but I guess that's to be expected with them being made in China. If they can improve the quality on them then they can get 4 or 5 stars. As for price they should only be $10 being that they are made overseas to overpriced for being made overseas (unless they were made with good German quality) or make them in the US then I could see paying the price I paid for them.
B000XEAMXS Second pair. Friend told me about them Very comfortable boots. Use them for warehouse job and they are comfortable all day long. Friend told me about them
B000XEAMXS Not good for cold weather Sole gets hard and slippery when it's cold. Like walking on a hockey puck. I bought these for use indoors and out, but I can't wear them in the winter. Fit is as described and they are very comfortable. I just wish they would use something in the sole that would make then usable in cold conditions.
B000XEAPDA Mediocre quality These are probably the most comfortable boots you will ever wear right out of the box, but the soles will wear out long before you get your $130 + use out of them.
B000XEBX4K totally satisfied!!!! AFTER COMPARING PRICES ON WATERPROOF BOOTS EVERYWHERE ELSE, I FOUND JUST WHAT WE NEEDED ON AMAZON. NO MORE WASTING TIME, WILL USE AMAZON FOR ALL MY PURCHASES. BOOTS ARE SO WELL MADE, PRICE WAS UNBEATABLE TOO.
B000XEEQAI Excellent I wear these all the time.  I wear them both for DIY home remodeling, as well as for work as a telephone engineer.  I get in a lot of mud and dirt in crawl spaces, as well as construction sites, and attics for cable runs.  I have been wearing the same pair for 7 or 8 years, and they have held up great.  I use a soft brush and some saddle soap when they get dirty, and they come out looking good.  I think I will replace them soon though because the sole is starting to wear through and it is making noise when I walk.  I have seen a lot of guys on job sites wearing these same boots, lots of them seem to wear the leather through where the steel toe is.  I know lots of guys use the toe to rest materials on, like lumber, pipes, drywall, so that makes sense that the toe would wear through.One thing that I do is replace the insole with a powerstep insole.  Makes them much more comfortable for me anyways to be on my feet a long time.
B000XEEQAI Good boots but... I'm a civil engineer and use them on site daily.I stepped on nails, broken glass, metal sheets, twisted rebars, freshly welded (hot) steel pipes, you name it! I like the boots... Comfortable, lightweight (for safety toed work boots) and they aren't as big and "clumsy looking" as other brands. However, they are no as durable as expected: the rear part of my left sole came off and that is something I wouldn't expect to happen from Timberland after 2 years.Tried to repair the loose sole, but contact cement isn't quite doing the job.
B000XEEW9S my favorite workboots these are somewhat light duty workboots w/ limited toe protection, and not much tread. so they are great for everyday, general use. they suck in snow and ice, but are probably one of the most comfortable (once fully broken in) and one of the lightest boots you will find! i have literally worn these for days w/out taking them off on long road trips and didn't think twice about them. my buddy is a landscaper and likes them for that. these are good if you are going in and out of houses a lot because they don't track much dirt in the treads, or if you wear boots pretty much all day long like i do.
B000XEEW9S Very good boot This boots is very comfortable to wear.  I use to use 8" boots but broke my ankle a few years ago and now have to have the 6".  The only thing that I did not like was the thinner shoe laces then you find on most boots.  I hope they will hold up.
B000XEH2JA Two pairs have failed way before they should have. I have bought two pairs of these boots and the current pair purchased in July 2013 have failed--Not worn out but failed. The foot bed has just collapsed and I now have foot and leg pain. I Use to think Timberland made a good boot -but not anymore.
B000XEH2JA 3rd pair of these boots.. This is the 3rd pair of boots this mdel boot that I've owned.Great boot for general use. I use these boots for hiking , motorcycle riding, and yard work. Very comfortable even in the wide size EE.
B000XEH2JA Super Comfortable but soals didnt last I absolutely Loved these! Fit ,Looks, and comfort!!!! But the soals cracked and leaked water after only 6 months of use!!!!!!
B000XEIZ7S Lives up to Timberlands reputation I usually have to use 2 pair of gel or other material inserts in my boots, but these were comfortable out of the box. I wore them in wet slushy snow and they did not leak. They are light to wear and offer excellent support.
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable from the first day I switched over from Timberland work shoes that were similar and lasted for over a year with heavy daily use.  These boots are very comfortable and I expect to have the same experience with them.
B000XEIZ7S The best. They are light, so warm, and walking in them feels like walking on clouds.  They are the best boot I have worn during my 9-years as a longshoreman.  The only thing that takes some getting use to is the flexibility of the sole- while climbing ladders, the bottom flexes.  It's not a big deal- it's just different.
B000XEJ9V4 Timberland PRO 8" Boot, Yellow Delivered on time and well packaged.  They fit well and are comfortable however, the eyelets on one of the boots are not exactly aligned.  That is why I gave them only 4 stars. This pair of boots might be classified as factory seconds.  Kept them anyway because I had to use them the next day when shoveling snow out of my driveway.
B000XEJ9V4 Need some breaking in before use These boots, I tried on and they made my feet numb. I had to wear them a few times in the house, etc to get them broken in. The set I purchased at a store about 2 yrs ago were ready to go!
B000XEJ9V4 Great boots These boots are very comfortable.  Broke them in within a couple of days.  Use them for motorcycle riding mountain dirt trails.
B000XEJ9V4 good fit and function Need some break in time to get use to them but this is my 4th pair and they are a great comfortable boot.
B000XEKCRE Great boot but not repairable I am getting ready to purchase my 3rd pair of these.  They fit like a glove from day one, are very easy to adjust the lacing for comfort as well as being very sturdy.  I've used them from working in a sawmill to just casual walks up a mountain.  That's the good part.  There are only two downsides, the first being that the tread is not a real lug tread - can't use them on snow or other outdoor slippery condition. Their major fault is that the sole and heal are NOT replaceable.  Because of the cost saving Chinese construction, you need to toss them out when the bottoms wear out.  This has happened to my two previous pairs.  It seems like such a waste for a boot that sells in the one hundred and fifty dollar range. I would have given it 5 stars if that was not the case.
B000XEKHOC great boot These are rugged boots.  A little on the heavy side.  I use them for when I ride my motorcycle. Comfortable enough for all day long.
B000XEKHOC QC issue? Part of the cloth in the back of the left boot came up within 1 day of use. Nothing that some rubber cement couldn't fix.
B000XEKHOC Perfect fit Good fit, tough boots, I use a Dr. Schol's gel insert. Lacing makes the boots as snug or loose as you need.
B000XEKIUK My 2nd pair As a telephone linemen I use my boots hard. Every day winter and summer. I've owned just about every type of linemen boot there is. As far as quality and comfort these boots are better than any thing else.
B000XEKIUK Perfect for every day use... Love them with jeans or tactical wear.Great for rough & Tumble time!Light weight and soft on the feet!Rocky ViazzaniCapo Balia Films
B000XEKIUK As expected No regrets with these boots.  I got them for motorcycle riding and they work perfectly; makes me feel like a man walking around in them!  I'm size 12.5/13 and so I ordered 13 and they turned out to be a tiny bit too big; no worries for me though because it just means they're more comfortable and they still stay on very well when you lace them all the way up and tight.Work well for riding and probably for their actual construction use/purpose, but I can't testify that!  Good shoes for &#60;$100.
B000XEKK94 timberland boots very good fit, comfortable and practical for every day use.Ideal for outdoor work especially if you are on the job site whole day.The water proof feature is a also a great help.
B000XEKK94 Best boots hands down!!! I use them 7 days a week and most days I use them hard. I just replaced my old ones that I had 3 years and they went through everything from North East snow and ice to heavy rain and flooding. The only thing they couldn't survive was my 2 75lb male Pit Bulls playing tug of war with one the day I ordered the new ones lol. But, the boot they had didn't look that bad. They didn't pull it apart the way you would think at all. They just got the top soft part off. Very tough boot!!!
B000XEKK94 Solid boot for the price Well made leather, requires slight break-in but that's due to the thickness and quality of the leather.  Sole is grippy - I would prefer a more aggressive tread pattern for outdoor use but I think these are geared for indoor shop use (ie concrete flooring).  Because of the quality, they are a little heavier than other Timberlands I've worn; I think this is a good thing.There may be better boots out there, but for $83 shipped these are going to be a hard value to beat in my opinion.  They look like they will wear very well, are very comfortable and are waterproof as stated.  If there are any unusual defects I'll ammend my post, but for now I would recommend these over any other retail boot in the price range.
B000XELF3O Worth the Money! Good quality material / Durable bootEasy clean upThe boot is a little heavy but you get use to it
B000XELF3O comfortable This is my 3rd pair of these and I will never use a different type of boot to work in.
B000XELF3O steeltoe I use these boots for work every day and they last about two years' before they wear out. I have six pair and rotate the old ones home to use in the yard. Break in quick and water rolls off good.
B000XELF3O Greatest boot on the planet! This is my third pair of the Pit Boss, they're insanely comfortable, durable, and they've protected my feet numerous times. I use them for working in the body and mechanical shops I manage and for cutting down trees in my spare time. The non slip is great for the shop and the steeped toe comes in handy for cutting down trees.
B000XELF3O Could be tougher Bought these Boots just over a year ago, and they're just starting to give out now. I use them for everything from loading trucks and moving equipment to bartending, and I wear them every day. I just wish they lasted longer - for a hundred dollars, I wanted a tougher boot. The seam is starting to blow out and the leather has holes worn in a couple places where it flexes.
B000XELF3O Timberland Pitboss Steel Toe needs a little more cushion. So far this boot has been great. I use them while working in a metal fabrication and welding shop. I wear them for 13 hours a day, so they get a lot of use. I find them relatively comfortable, but I wish there were more cushioning in the ball of the foot as well as the heel. I will be purchasing some gel insoles to help remedy this. Additionally, the height of the tongue is a little short for my taste. The laces go all the way to the top of the tongue, so sometimes they get stuck behind it. These are pretty minor concerns in my opinion, for the price of this boot. Overall, it is a good boot for the money.
B000XELF3O Nice boot and fit just right. I have been use to buying only what I have thought for 30 plus years was the best brand there is.I thought I would try these and glad I did. I have used a size 8.5 D in all boots in the past and these fit the same.They seem to be made pretty strong and over all I like them and think they will hold up well enough in lawn & landscaping.I have only had these a few days now.
B000XELF3O Delighted Fits as expected, a little rough to break in on the sides of my heel, more so in my left foot, the heel dug into my foot when in certain positions. Boots are goodFor now already dirty from one day on the job. Usually hard for me to find decent boots with good sizing. I'm happy with my pick here! -Oil/Construction use
B000XELF3O an Excellent boot. These boots were comfortable right out of the box, they are light weight, waterproof, and have held-up to a lot of hard use in construction, as well as operating and maintaining heavy equipment.
B000XELF3O Solid boots for work and for cold climates These were purchased originally for use on emergency deployments.  They have turned out to be useful not only in those situations, but for travel in very cold areas.
B000XELF3O Great product Not very heavy, excellent workmanship on the exterior, very comfortable. A little spacious though, maybe i should have taken a 10. I will have to use a little padding to stabilize my feet to get best balance when operating on slopes. My one concern with the boots workmanship is to the back interior where some ankle protector seem to be coming out too much or not padded adequately and actually pinches on my ankle bone so i had to use some padding to fix that flaw.
B000XELF3O Boots that will last I've re-bought these boots after finally putting my old pair to rest after about 4yrs of Mon-Friday daily wear. I can't recommend them enough.My job involves a lot of furniture moving, and the steel toe tips have been great in protecting my foot from dropped items, and being run over by hand trucks, and other various incidents that may happen on the job.These boots are extremely comfortable with soft padding on the bottom. They will be a little stiff for the first week of use, but will break in. While my last pair held up great in terms of comfort and use I can't say the same of appearance. After about a year the leather will start to show its use. It will looked faded and torn in slight areas. For me appearance is not an issue at work.My shoe laces snapped at about the 3yr mark, but replacing those is cheap, and easy.These boots are also very water resistant. They may also be a bit warm for people working outdoors. Most of my work is indoors, and at the end of the day my socks will be slightly damped from wearing these all day. Its obviously a bigger issue during the summer than winter.Overall for the price of these boots I really can't complain. After all the ultimate question of a good product is &#34;would you buy it again?&#34; and these will be my second pair.
B000XELF3O fit great but this pair has a deffect after 6 mths of use i notices a piece of plastic piercing from the inner sole of the right boot causing a hole in the boot insert caused by the piece of plastic leaving a bump in my foot that has not gone away yet.
B000XELF3O Pretty Good This was my first time buying shoes online. I'll admit I went to a store to try them on to get the right size, but the store was about $20 higher so I did buy them online. Shipping was fast and free thanks to Amazon Prime. So far I've had the boots for a week now and have worn them every day. It took a few days to break them in and I would advise to limit the use of the boots on the first few days. But other than that I have been fairly pleased.
B000XELF3O great Transaction!! My son Loved his boots I bought Him and they arrived Ok...Dont like to use Fed Ex though, they can never find us!! But we did get it within a week!!
B000XERQTG Works great For the price you can't beat it use it a lot and have had no problems at all. All metal and not cheap plastic.
B000XETJU0 Work Boots I gave it a four out of five stars.The reasoning is not because of the seller. I had 2 day shipping and it came in a day.The boots however are showing major signs of wear on the soles after just a few months of use.I do use them alot but they should hold up better than some cheap walmart boots.Other than that they are great, they feel good, keep out water, and protect my feet from any mishaps around meUPDATE. The wearing stopped but they squeak on tile floors now..who knows?
B000XETJU0 Comfortable, but sole failed. Gave me comfort and (comparative) style before dying after 3 years of heavy but infrequent use. The rubber sole peeled apart at a glue line, leaving me to limp off a job site. Now looking for a more durable (or cheaper) replacement.
B000XETJU0 meh rly dissapointed so ordered one in December, even tho order was delayed for unknown reason and seller didn't responded i thought meh could happen to anyone u know, but when it arrived size was somewhat small even tho i ordered 1.5 size bigger then i usually use.also 1 month ago went for hiking everything was nice and comfy until i got to snowy trails that's when things got tricky bloody boots got wet and shrunk in size o_O but that's not end of that story once i got back small plastic emerged from stitches, leather lost its color even tho i tried to clean it with cream afterwards :(overall if u plan to use it for hiking don't buy it but if u want to use it in city then its good thing to purchase
B000XETJU0 Seperated at welt One of the boots seperated at the welt from constant squatting and kneeling after only 1 week of use. It looks like the leather lining may be to short and was not stichted properly. There is a chance it could be repaired but I have not checked into it. I am satisfied with the boots.
B000XETJU0 Everywhere boots I got these for hiking but they are so comfortable I wear them everywhere I go. They last years even with daily use. Well worth the money.
B000XETJU0 Boots These boots are comfortable and are exactly what i wanted. The only thing that i notice is that they scratch easy and scuff.  it bothered me at first but then i realize i just use these to work and it doesn't effect the use of them.
B000XETJU0 2nd purchase We will continue to buy these boots online for as long as they make them.  These are my husband's favorite to wear at work and they last up to a year with daily use- wet and dry!
B000XETX7O Deuce Adam These are the best safety shoes I have ever had. I ordered on Monday received on Tuesday. They feel great with no break-in time. I actually want to buy another pair just to put away for future use.
B000XETX7O Great Boots As a person that has to use safety boot for his job, I have found these to have great looks while serving thier intended purpose. They are light which was nice when you have to spend a lot of time in them. These boots where a good buy!
B000XEVJJO beware... Nylon eyelets broke after only 3 months use. Although Amazon credited my account I was very disappointed in the quality of this timberland boot.
B000XEVJJO lose fit Shoe too wide. I had to use an extra in so to make it comfy. I have callous on my feet now
B000XEVJJO poor quality Less than 2 month in use and now waste, rubber breaks away. Just very disappointing. Just simple I do not recommended
B000XEVJJO Not very durable I was very disappointed in these boots. They are not as comfortable as my previous Timberland Pro titanium toe and started falling apart at the seams connected to the sole in under 7 months of light use. By light use I mean walking to work from my car, use at work as an Engineer, and then back to the car and then home. So not a lot of climbing and hiking here. Granted they cost less, but come on, the upper is separating from the sole for crying out loud. I do not recommend these.
B000XEVLF6 I do not use Do not use shoes because I were a little tight, but I could sell them. thanks for your services,. up later,,
B000XEVLF6 They're worth the price. I picked these because they were the best looking shoe for a better price then most of the others. I use them for work and they do resist water and feel great. I've had them for a month and the part on the inside right behind the heel has started to wear out. That is the only problem I have had.
B000XEVLF6 Solid but confortable shoes..... Solid but confortable shoes for every day use @ work. Fully recommended---Ha... gonna purchase a pair more. different model of course......
B000XEVM50 Love this shoes I love this shoes, good quatity, very comfortable.  I expected to use a lot to see how it Works with the use time.
B000XEVM50 very comfortable use these shoes for work and are light weight and durable. the leather is strong and the soles are extra tough. dont recommend using them in mud or dirt because a lot of it gets stuck to the soles and you leave a trace wherever you walk.
B000XEVM50 A good shoe My husband says that these shoes are comfortable and light.  They are easy to get on and off, and clean well after getting muddy.  They seem well-made and look almost new after 4 months of heavy use now.
B000XEVM50 timberland Pro has held up well These shoes have held up to daily light use.I have had them for one year.  Good quality uppers and they have a aggressive bottom.
B000XEVM50 Comfortable and fashionable I've only had these shoes for 2 months but I'm loving it. Not only are they great for work but also good for everyday use as well as it's fashionable with any style of clothes you wear. It's light enough to feel like a shoe or sneaker, and it's rigid enough to sustain toughness like a boot.
B000XEVM50 light and comfy Happy with this purchase, ordered on a Sunday and recieved them on Tuesday. Very comfy shoes. Not exactly ideal for indoor use as other reviews have stated. The tread almost makes it look like your wearing some athletic cleats. I am sure on dirt they are perfect, but I use them on a cement shop floor and while very comfortable they seem to slip around a bit in water. The descriptions says its slip and oil resistant but apparently they are not oil-slip resistant. Nothing is stated on the sole of such slip resistance. Not suggested for automotive mechanic.
B000XEVM8W Excellent Work and Casual Shoes Since the first time use, the pair of shoes fit perfectlly without rubbing the skin. This shoes are good to use in work and casual moments, with pants and cargo pants. I used those everyday at work (aviation ramp with water, hydraulics, oil, aviation fuel).
B000XEW60K Very good shoe This is my second pair and will probably end up getting a third one.  There is no need to use an additional insole as these are plenty comfortable.  The slip on fit is very snug unlike other slip on shoes that I've had that tend to get loose.
B000XEW60K Very good Comfortable in use with excellent qualityComfortable to use for long timeThe weight of the shoe may be the most important disadvantagesThere are products in the same comfort and quality with a lighter weight
B000XEXZJQ Fairly well Easy to wear suitable for those who do not use it for work long time and needs for short timeneeds to add COMFORT INSOLE  to  be comfortable
B000XF04LM Great shoe for work Have use this shoe for years for work. I also use when doing my yard wok. They are comfortable to wear.
B000XF04LM Review After Several Months of Heavy Use I use these in a warehouse environment where I am constantly walking back and forth. I also kneel down to one knee or both knees often. I've dropped heavy boxes and objects that have dented them. The wide version fits perfectly with thick socks and I have very wide feet. There is no damage or defects to report after repeated use 5 times a week. Everything is intact and they are comfy. I would recommend monitoring the foot pads inside, I neglected them for a while and the toe areas were basically gone. Easy fix, I bought some dr scholls.
B000XF04LM I simply LOVE it It's for what I've expected, very beautiful, stylish, I'm using this for everyday use (not for work) need a bit more comfort
B000XF04LM Great Work Shoes I use these while working in my yard.  Although they're a little heavy (because of all the protective stuff inside) they are very comfortable.  I have Fred Flintstone feet (very wide) so the W size makes a world of difference.
B000XF04LM Daily use I have a pair of these that I bought a year ago and have worn 6 days a week about 10 hours a day or more. The insole wore out on the ball of my foot, but still usable.The heel has been solid despite others complaints. The low top is great for business casual if you're an engineer in a process setting. The titan toe is light and saved my foot without any damage to the toe cap.I would recommend trying them on if you can at a store first. I needed a wide shoe instead of a medium for this model.
B000XF4D1Y very comfortable right out of the box No break-in required for these shoes! Others have written about how comfortable they are, and I agree.Bought them for work, but also use them for casual wear - they're that comfortable!Highly recommended.
B000XF4D1Y very poor  quality i am wearing them 6 days a week.in 4 month of use they become garbage.good things is they very light and flexible but they not suppose to crack on the bottom for this kind of money
B000XR2GN4 Very Happy I bought these boots at Amazon after trying them in a department store and liking their comfort and quality. They were way more less expensive here than at the local stores at the moment I bought them. I use them for every day use at work, walking, crouching, bending my knees, etc. They hold a lot of stress and at the end of the day, my feet aren't that sore, compared with my other boots. Very comfortable and reliable.
B000XR2GN4 sizing all of my other shoes are 10.5,  but when I got these boots in a 10.5  they were huge.  so I sent them back and got a 9.5  which fit great. I have only wore them twice and that is why I don't know how many stars to give yet.  be sure and use the sizing chart on the website that will help
B000XR2GN4 Unbelievably comfort with High-end Desigh These boots can be of any use in any occasion and it will never disgrace you, already got much compliments on these boots!
B000XR2W1U Great Product!  Cannot be happier with my purchase! I needed these boots in order to take Automotive Classes at the college.  The school requires slip resistant, oil resistant, and safety toe boots, and for good reason!  These boots exceeded my expectations.  I love them so much that I feel naked without them -- I wear them to go grocery shopping and to run errands now.  The boots are stylish too!  Surprisingly, they aren't heavy, and I don't feel heavy footed wearing them.  I run in them to get tools occasionally when I have forgotten any tools I need.  The boots bend and flex just fine even when I have to squat down or jump down off the lifts.  The price was extremely reasonable given how much use I have already gotten out of them and given how much use they have left.  They don't even look worn.  I clean them and apply mink oil occasionally for a &#34;freshen up&#34;, and they look brand new all over again.  I'm very pleased!
B000XR30FM Comfy, water-tight boots I purchased this boot for recess duty and to wear hauling props on and off the field for the marching band. Last week they got a real test as it rained the entire six hours the marching band was loading up, setting up, practicing, competing and cleaning up--I had dry feet the entire time.The shoes fit well. I got a half size bigger than I need and use an insert in them. They have a removable insert though so I probably could have ordered my size and switched them. Their light weight makes them easy to wear all day which is also nice.
B000XXGMRO will buy one again Receive the shoes in time for my travel to Asia use it everyday one day to break in and after the first dayshoes is very comfy... good looks , looks like it will last ... will recommend to friends
B000XXGMRO COMFORTABLE QUALITY CHOOSING A 5 FOR THESE TIMBERLAND EARTHKEEPERS  IS BECAUSE I CANNOT FIND OTHER BOOTS WITH SUCH ROOMY ANKLE SPACE.I HAVING A PAST INJURY THAT BOTHERS SOMETIMES WITH THESE SHOES I CAN SLIP A ANKLE BRACE WITHOUT KNOWING THAT CRUMMY ANKLE BRACES GIVE UGLINESS TO SHOE WEAR.I OWN 9 DIFFERENT KIND IN THIS MODEL WITH DIFFERENT STYLES  AND WILL BUY ANOTHER  AS SOON AS THE SOLE GIVES OUT.THESE SHOES COULD USE A MORE SOLID SOLE FOR A LONGER DURATION.
B000XXGMRO Great boots so far Only had them for about two weeks but I'm happy with them. These run about 1 size too large, so order 1 size smaller than you would normally wear. The tread is great, which means they can be a pain to clean from mud but that's expected. Very comfortable after a week's break-in time. Love the style as well.My only reservation is that the stitching, especially on the toes, won't muster prolonged wear. I purchased these for casual use, some hiking and to use while riding a motorcycle so with lots of shifting I expect those stitches will wear out sooner than the rest of the boot.
B000XXGMRO The bomb dot com These boots are amazing. I don't use them for hiking I use them for fashion, and I have been asked multiple times where got them. Amazing!
B000XXGMRO Very confortable The boots ia very confortable e fits very very good. It is beautiful and you can use it with jeans that look Nice.
B000XXGMRO great boot this is the second time i have bought this boot, the first pair was a couple years ago, there are a few differences but seem to be of same quality. Use them for anything from everyday use to safari in africa!
B000XXGMRO Great looking shoe These have a slimming effect and look dressy for jobs or travel that requires boots, but could use a little class. If you know you have a particularly thick foot, you may not be able to get away with the fit of these. Plenty of room in the ankle.
B000XXGMRO Worth the investment Love the boots. Light, stlyish and durable. Waiting to see how they do in the wet and cold. I recommend not lacing all the way to the top or else it feels uncomfortable around the ankle. Leave one acelet empty. There's enough room in there for a heavy sock to help with keeping warm (even at my normal size). They are flexible but heavy duty enough to handle rough terrain. Plus you can't argue with the use of recycled products.
B000XXGMRO Quality look and feeling Love the look of these boots. However, for me some pain and chafing occurred on my ankles. I made sure my laces were tied tightly, which helped slightly. Also, the sole began peel a bit in the back. The boots are great for walking in the snow and repelling water. Hopefully my ankle pain will go away with more and more use.
B000XXGMRO Men's boots Purchased for my 21 year old grandson in Aarizona.  This is his 2nd pair and he LOVES the boots.They get hard use at work and he also uses them for climbing.  Let's hoot the boot!!!
B000XXGMRO these are great I just got these boots, btw  thanks to everyone that posted about sizing.  These are not field boots, I'm going to use them for work on casual friday occasionnally and maybe to run around town.  No break in period required...Good stuff...
B000XXGMRO Would not recommend These boots look nice, but don't hold up to actual use. I've had my pair for only three months of use, and both soles are coming off. These are supposed to be work boots, but they are falling apart too quickly to be useful. Stay away of you plan on using these for work. If they're just for show, then go for it!
B000YDBIJU Very comfortable I like them. I use them for driving and sometimes to go to the office.
B000YDBIJU Longer and narrower Longer and narrower than expected.From picture you don&#8217;t anticipate the real object.I can use them, but I&#8217;m not enthusiast. .
B000YDBYA8 I expected more I bought these only because they were made by Timberland, but the quality was not good enough. The shoes deform and change color as you move your feet, besides depending on the quality of your socks it becomes really slippery to use them. They are comfy and ligh.
B000YSWCL8 Comfy and Stylish I have this shoe in red and it is very comfortable. Timberland is one of my family's favorite shoe and boot brands. I can wear them with or witout socks and they are true to size. They also are very durable. I wore mine all summer and fall (at least 3 times a week) and they still look almost brand new. Dirt brushes off or you can use a wet paper towel. They are also adorable and give my even plainest outfits some pop.
B000ZJYAEI OUTSTANDING My fiancee loves her Timberland Thongs.  She has received so many complements, that one of her girlfriend's order a pair in different colors.  She Loves it and is asking for another pair, she said, it is very comfortable and she can use it with anything.  I know she would definitely, recommend this items to anyone.
B0013F43EK Simply great! Don't even think to have a serious and hard hiking trail with these boots, because that's not the use they are supposed to have.But if you're looking for a light, flexible, easy to handle and water resistant pair of boots for either an easy hiking or a winter in the city, they are excellent.So, based on my personal needs, they are actually perfect!!
B0016ZP5TO Good I have just start using this shoes and feels comfortable, I have used them just 2 days and still getting somewhat use to them. Seems to be of great quality.
B0017023J8 I *WANT* to love this shoe but can't. It looks good, nice casual, not TOO casual, comfortable enough for all day use, comfortable from the very first wearing...But like these other guys.......the tread came unglued from the sole.  yeah, I could get them reglued and may because I like the boots.C'mon Timberland.  When you go to China to see the factory that makes your boots, make sure they use the good glue.
B001760K56 Cute, but probably could have found better. It's not that I think these are bad, I just think for the price I could have found something more versatile if I would have done a little more searching. I needed a pair of functional/fashionable/durable boots for trekking around campus in the snow after moving from Cali to Iowa. These are definitely warm and durable, but look a little too "biker chick" for my normally preppy style. I wish they had a little more slouch (fairly form fitting, even with my chicken legs). I'm definitely getting my use out of them for daytime/jeans use, but wouldn't wear them with a skirt or while going out at night.
B001B7FP60 Good quality boot. Could use more loopholes though. This winter boot comes in 1/2 size larger. All my Timberland boots/shoes are 11 1/2 but I had to exchange this boot for size 11 which BTW, was a perfect fit. The boot is well made and extremely light-weight. It does, however has a very soft top part (everything around ankles) which makes it feel flimsy and reduces support while in motion. Longer lace could probably help to balance it out but this model doesn't have any. Soft, flat laces end low leaving you with only option - to use a longer shoelace wrapped around your ankles just like one would have done it with hockey skates or army boots. I've returned mine for that reason.
B001B7FP60 Shoelace ring BROKE before the first use. I got those boots yesterday and was pretty excited to test what seems to be a great sole for icy ground here in after blizzard Cambridge. The problem is that one of the lace rings came right off when I was tying the boots for only the second time. That's really a deal breaker for a pair of boots that costed me almost 90 bucks, so unfortunately I'm returning them for my money tomorrow!
B001B7FP60 Don't even consider these boots. For over $100, I expect snow boots to last more than just a week of heavy, multi-terrain use, but these sure didn't.  They got returned.
B001B7FP60 Great I have this model but in brown now i pick black this model is great to winter and snow, very confortable and keep the feets warm and dry, my previous model only begin to open in borders of sole to the lether after 2 years of daily use 6 months per year, and the sole is to soft to walk in the road
B001BFDSFC Comfortable Very soft leather, very comfortable for everyday use. Well built shoe. The soles are very soft and grippy, not stiff, more like a sneaker sole than a hiking boot. Outstanding boot for comfortable all day everyday wear.
B001C4CIP8 Great  Boots Great boots for my use.  I can use them around the house for yard work and for work at construction sites.  Meets all the OSHA and company requirements.  With my wife's advice, the size I chose worked out just fine. Comfortable from the first use until now.  Only had them for about four months, I like them and would buy them again.They are a little heavy, but with all the features they come with, not a big problem.
B001E4AHR2 Komfortable Kicks Good lookin' shoe with very comfortable soles. What else can you ask for? Just don't walk around in the mud with 'em. Shame shame...Use some Rain Protector on them to keep them clean and dry.
B001EBA784 very comfortable best boot I have found for use on concrete floors.  This is my 3rd pair. Toe cap keep boots looking new
B001EWFF30 Boots are better than expected Have been wearing this boots on and off since getting them and from the first day they felt very comfortable and fit very well.  I use them for working in the yard.  The waterproofing feature really makes them exceptional.  And they take very well to concrete, isolating your feet.  Would most definitely recommend these to friends, relatives, or anybody looking for a well crafted hiking boot.
B001EWFF30 Not quite as good as the photo depicts. These are very comfortable and fit well, but they don't look quite as good as the photo depicts. Though they seem to be well made, thin, cheap materials were used, so don't expect them to last very long or hold up well under rugged use. But for me they are just the ticket.
B001EWFF30 WALKIN WORKIN OR HIKIN I honestly love Timberland boots. I use these at work everyday and wear them with jeans to go out at night. Well worth the money. They never seam to wear down. Highly recommended.
B001EWFF30 Made it through a Boston Winter Dry and mostly warm.  Not bad.  When you tie your shoes you have to use the two level hook system.  Which as a fat guy is a pain but good boot.
B001EWFF30 Perfect pair of footwear not just for hiking or any activity of that nature but even for casual use. Very comfortable yet great looking!
B001EWFF30 Not as good quality as I expected. I returned the boots, the fabric where the tongue was sewed to the boot started ripping after only one use.
B001EWFF30 Love these TIMBOS! Would buy these over and over... i could use them for work, outdoor hiking or even dress them up in jean, boots and a dress shirt.
B001G842T0 working boots Great for hiking very light I use them for work couldnt fine them in stores best boot ever recommend for all day use
B001G842T0 Too Weak! To light weight for day to day use. Little or no arch.  Too weak of boot to really be a hiking boot.  Thumbs down!
B001JAHQNO Great Sunglasses Really durable. Nice looking, have a good sun protecction performance. I've use it under water and it didn't have any problems. Totally recomended
B001JEP4F2 Earthkeepers slip ons Good pair of shoes. I didn't need to "break them in" so that was a plus. I would have preferred to have a choice of colors. If i could have gotten a whiskey color I would have been happier. They are durable and I use them to walk the beach. they should last a couple of years.
B001JRMJEI Terrible if you actually need good shoes I usually purchase Timberland boots. This was the first and last time I will purchase anything from the Pro series. They're marketed as work boots, but unless your a high schooler who needs some sort of work boot for just a summer job, don't bother with these. Through normal use for me (walking 1 to 3 miles a day and working live stage productions) the soles didn't hold up for more than 3 and a half months before beginning to crack in half and getting my feet wet in the rain.So if you own a car or just don't walk a lot, or looking for casual use shoes or weekend work boots, these will probably do the trick... otherwise stick to Timberland's normal brand.
B001L1DBQC Heavy but comfortable These boots seem sturdy and built well.As soon as i put them on and used them, they were comfortable.I use them to work on " laundry fridays" and when i got out into the feild to check on my cable jointers in job sites.No problem shifting gears on motorbikes specially when i bring a bike to work on a friday.They are a bit heavy though.But the solidness would be the reason behind the weight.
B001L1DBQC fit just right the first day feels very good, the t]\2nd start to irritate my skin I'm waiting for my feet to get use to it
B001LFA4JA THE BEST ONE!!! Best Buy, very beautiful and perfect to use, I work in a work, in the office, and use every day its perfect, protect, not heats is delightful '
B001MYEN2O Great work shoes! You'll have to find a water proof spray if you're going to use these for outdoor wear in wet conditions! Very comfortable, I much prefer Timberlands anyway!
B001NIZFJ4 OK not for everyday use. I used these on vacation and had to buy another pair after 3 weeks. But I am had on flipper shoes. Walking everywhere. They look nice but not for everyday.
B001S5X31E Love these boots Wish these boots came in dark and light brown also. They are amazingly light, feel great to wear all day long. I use them every day for riding my motorcycle also, they provide great protection.
B001S5X31E fit is ok The boot looks good and feels good, it will be nice to have a solid non slip sole as a choice. I use them mainly to ride my bike and when it comes to shifting sometimes I miss the next gear because the groove on the sole.
B001SARJXC Comfy boots Good boots that fit great and are great for walking; I use them on campus, at least 2 miles a day. The only drawbacks are that these lack a solid toe area and the seams are not easy to reach with a conventional instant polish.
B001SARJXC Good and Bad The pros:Stylish & Comfortable, easy to put on and take off, I'm usually a size 12 and I got these size 11.5 and they fit perfect.  If I remember correctly another review said these run a hair large.The cons:There's not much ankle support (which is understandable given they are slip on), so while great for indoor use and short walks outside, I wouldn't recommend these for walking in snow/ice, shovelling snow, or for walking long distances.  They seem to hug the foot, particularly in the arch, which is how it stays stable without laces.  They are not as warm as regular lace up boots.Overall:I use these fairly frequently, they are great for going to restaurants or meetings in, or to wear at work.  I still use my lace up boots as well, or colder days, longer walks and work outside.
B001SARJXC Look great! I love these boots. I wear them in the offcice because they look very formal and I also use them when I go out because they look good with slim jeans and a leather jacket! I would say these are perfect for a classic rock charming look!
B00295RHV4 Love them! Fit right and don't even know they are a steel toed shoe.  I use them for mowing the lawn weekly so far. Nice leather too.
B00295RJIU Love these shoes I have this pair in white which I use for lab work.  They are so comfortable that I wondered if they came in brown or black.  They do!  I use these shoes for everyday.  The cushioning in the heel is amazing and the technology is just that much extra better to keep your legs from feeling fatigued and to keep you from feeling footsore.  Definitely a buy again product.
B0029XG3OS very dissapointing at first boot fitted very comfartably but after two weeks of light use heel started to chaff badly and now to can feel the lining of the heel giving away,boot is also very heavy
B0029XG3OS Great boots solid construction! I would recommend this product to those on there feet all day. Comfortable for use for just everyday walking as well as doing various work tasks.
B002ASAJPG Great boot I've had five pairs of these boots now, and half the guys on my crew have the same ones. They are the most comfortable boots I've owned and the steel in the sole has saved me on multiple occasions from nails puncturing the sole. The waterproofing seems good, though it fades over time, which is to be expected I think. Every pair I've owned have lasted about a year of 40 plus hours a week of use.
B002ASAKN2 Great boots Use these for work and they are great. Kind of heavy but feels very comfortable and warm. Leather is very good quality
B002ASANG6 Very happy with This is the second pair I bought for my husband. They lasted for 1.5 yrs with 5 time a week use in rain, winter, hot and cold. Highly recommended.
B002NEGCC6 Recommended Good quality and style.  Very comfortable and work well as a casual show.  Have held up well with daily use.  Recommend.
B002NEGCC6 not as expected, but nice These shoes look more casual online than they actually look when you're wearing them. I was expecting something versatile, that I could use both to work and during the weekend.Besides that, I've been using them for almost a month and they are pretty light and comfortable. However, they'll probably not keep your feet from feeling hurt after a day.I am expecting them to last a lot, since that's what Timberland is known for. I haven't seen any serious signs of wear and tear until now, even using them a lot.
B002NEGCC6 Love it Comfortable for tuff day ,, it looks great when you wear it , it's perfect for daily use , great choice that I made
B002NEGCC6 very confortable! very, very confortable, fit properly in my feet, look quite modern and can be use as a regular shoes. gonna buy another one (brown)
B002PMUM8Q Smart, Comfortable! These shoes are awesome for casual wear! Despite having lots of other shoes I find myself opting to wear these almost all the time! It is generally dues to the good cushioning and ease of use (putting them on and taking them off). They look good and are wearing well after 6 months of regular (but not rough) use.
B002YOMJPY Light I like the boot.I would have loved it but it gave me a sore feeling in the heal.I have seen a doctor and use an insole.Now I have no problem.
B002YOMJPY Worth the money spent While these are not of the highest of quality for the money spent ($53) they are just fine. They have held up well over the last 3 weeks of continous wear. Based on the pair I received you would not be disappointed if you bought these for light work, or everyday run around type shoes. They really shine in the casual use area. I would not recomend for heavy outdoor construction type use as these will not take the abuse for that and may only last a couple months, but for the type of use I mentioned earlier I see these going a couple years. Fit was normal and are becoming even more comfortable as they are now forming to my foot. At first they were a bit stiff but are now becoming one of my go to boots for going out especially on these cold and snowy days in Wisconsin! Use a little sno-seal on them and the are as good as any waterproof boot out there.
B002YOMJPY Very Good Boots I work outside, boots are light weight and very comfortable . Have not had and opportunity to use it in rain.
B002YOMJPY Great Footwear Outstanding for all around use - hiking, biking, etc.  I am able to utilize them for casual to dress wear - as well as serious mountain hiking, trekking through the woods . . .
B002YOMJPY Very, very comfortable. Perhaps, the boot is a bit large that I expected, but with two pairs of socks is perfect. Especially now in winter.I always had problems with boots, but with this model I feel very comfortable.I use them all days, from the morning to the night.Thank you very much.
B002YOMJPY Excellent This is my second pair of Timberland boots, I have a different style with fabric on the side but after one year use, a tear formed and that is what I decided to switch to the all leather version. The boots are comfortable and light weight.
B002YOMJPY Boots not tough enough! Because the boots fit well and are comfortable but after only 4 weeks of wear the seams are starting to open up in the front top part of both boots due to use in the snow that's fallen in the New York City area, I work as a post man and am very surprise at the lack of sturdiness of the product, knowing the reputation of timberland I'm very disappointed.
B002YOMJPY SLIGHTLY SMALL FOR THE SIZING GIVEN (13M) - BUT MAY BE OK AFTER SOME USE Note:- They look pretty good - but a bit on the tight side. We'll see how they wear over time!
B002YOMJPY Practical for Every Day Wear My husband uses these for everyday wear. They are warm and waterproof for the winter snow, comfortable enough for long walks/hikes, and well-made. They are not well-ventilated and tend to trap odors. Overall, he would recommend these boots, particularly to anybody looking for a functional shoe for everyday use and outdoor lifestyle.
B002YOMJPY Nice Boots I purchased these for use while riding my motorcycle, these fit great and are very comfortable. I Definitely recommend these for anyone looking for a good quality boot.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot are super lightweight and stylish, comfortable you can use them with nice clothes or to wear them to work perfect if you need to be either standing or walking a lot.
B002YOMJPY Excellent boot for the price! I use them for mostly walking on concrete and standing for long periods of time and with Pinnacle insoles that I also bought on Amazon these boots are very comfortable.  I noticed another reviewer said the soles were on the soft side and I would have to agree. So if you're hiking rough terrain they might not be for you, but great for what I use them for.
B002YOMJPY A solid overall boot for the price I used this boot to hike in Yosemite. I use them at home as well. They're pretty light compared to many other boots. I also like how the black ones have the ability to pass as casual/dress attire if kept clean (and with pants over them). They fit a bit larger than my shoes, but I don't know if that is because they are boots. I wear insoles anyways so it works for me.
B002YOMJPY Water proof in pools of snow I already expected a larger size boot for myself since I plan to use new soles and thick socks for my outdoor work. Fits just fine. I intend to use it within the wet slush of sunny winter trails.
B0031EJVU2 wonderful They actually fit perfect...I have wiggle room in the boots which is good for me bc I have fat feet...I love the boots I just  have to get use to them being high around my ankle. But other than that they are comfy
B0031EJVU2 Dark green Overall i like the boots. They are very comfortable but the they look more dark green then black. I will still use them but its not what i expected based on the online picture and description.
B0034G5JUS Great everyday boot I bought these for everyday wear. They are comfortable to a point. I think they could use an insert but that is only because I'm on my feel a lot during the day. They are leather and will require a breaking in period which has taken me about a month. Good quality, love how they gain character with regular wear.
B0034G5KAC Wife is happy there for I am too.. I purchased these for my wife as a present and they were an immediate hit.  I was somewhat surprised that sides weren't a stiffer material as I'm use to work boots, but I'm told they are very comfortable and fashionable (which might be the most important thing).
B0034XS0YS Good Vaule Great trendy shoe for the money.  They are a very neutral sole, if that is what you are looking for.  The sole isn't thick or as built up as the heel suggests, which would be my only complaint.  I wouldn't want to walk in these all day, but they are fine for normal everyday use.  Also wanted to point out that the laces / sole are more orange than red - which I prefer.  I think amazon recently changed the picture to be more accurate.  I would buy again.
B0034XS4OY Thought they were nice..but already coming apart Timberland Men's City Adventure -Stormbuck Plain Toe OxfordThese shoes fit the need for my use. On my feet all day and needed support as well as long life.  Great support and comfortable.  Soles seem to be handle the walking i do at work on a paved parking lot without the quick wear associated with more comfortable shoes.  However after 1 and  1/2 months of use, at work only, the edge of the "fake" leather top is deteriorating and showing the white material underneath.  This is in between the stitching and the edge of the leather close to the laces. This makes the shoes look cheap and cheesy.  As stated, originally I was good with these, now i am regretting the purchase.
B0035LD6ZC Great hikers, great looking I'm nearing the end of my 2nd pair of these and am looking forward to my 3rd. I use them mainly for strenuous hiking and snowshoeing in Park City, UT, or if I need to look good and rugged. My feet will be wet within a couple of hours if it's wet outside, but they stay warm otherwise. They're just high enough not to be not too much of a pain to put on, but they won't slip off either. The right shoe on the 2nd set is hard to get on, but ShoeMall offered to exchange them for free. I just kept them and loosen the strings to get them on. Timberland will send you a set of replacement laces for free any time. These shoes are a total pleasure to hike with and are the best looking shoes I've had. The sole grips the trail well, but they don't hold well for shoveling on our slick slanted driveway.
B0038JCZ9Y I like these boots These boots are exactly what I was looking for.  I use orthotics in my shoes, but I wanted some stylish boots for the skinny jeans season.  These fit the bill wonderfully.  They seem sturdy.  I like the detail and shape of the boot.  The orthotics I use fit in comfortably without ordering a wide shoe.  The only reason I did not give these 5 stars is that the base of the boot around the ankle area bulges out some naturally due to the design of the boot.  They still are cute and comfortable.  I'm excited to wear these as often as I can.
B003A4T4A0 Met my expectation Very Very comfortable shoe, ! ! The sizing was a little bigger but that gave room for me to use additional inner soles. PERFECT !
B003A4V78C Great Fit, Great Look These shoes are perfect for my wide feet and have enough room to use with my orthotic inserts.  They are deceivingly light as well.
B003A64AY8 Rate 00 My boots came broken inside I hat to fix theme my self because I couldn't wait an other 10 days for new ones I won't use the provider again ... Rate 00
B003A69RS2 Great shoes Very comfortable. You can use it for work in or with dress. the slip resistance works pretty well. I work in food service and the floor gets wet and greasy in certain areas and the shoes does good job in those areas
B003A6IL2U Nice boots!!!! Very good boots!! Not water proof but very easy break in, comfort and good for long time every day use
B003AZZM3C i definitly love my boots those boots are so confortable, and well looking. I use it in rainy days and are so perfect for that days
B003AZZMRS nice looking boots for looks I would give these boots a five star but for comfort three. The leather is sturdy and does soften up over time with use. The insole is comfortable but too thin and if you try to add a thicker one there is not enough room left for your feet. Over all good value for the price.
B003BLPA00 Timberland boot These boots are great. I purchased for my dougthers, and they use them all the time! the quality is excelent.
B003ELOZSU Timberland Women's 21645 Earthkeepers Mount Holly Tall Lace Duck Boot... I guess the boot is stiff and I will need to use in order to break it in.  I haven't had a chance to really wear the boots.
B003ELOZSU true winter boots received my boots very fast, they are exactly what i expected very good quality... no cold at all during wintr here in montreal waterproof. a little tight at beginning but with use and time it adjusted to my feet. would def recommand. product same as retail store at a much higher price!!
B003ELP35Y It's exactly what I expected. The model is beautiful and can be used with jeans, skirts, shorts. At first use the shoes are a little hard.
B003EV5JYO Adorable & easy to use. These boots are perfect for out little one.  They are great for almost any kind of cold weather.  She wore them on a family hike with no complaints.  Because of the side zipper, she can put them on herself, which is very important to her(& nice for us too).  They run pretty true to size.  I would advise spraying them with a suede treatment.  We'll be getting a lot more use out of these this winter.
B003EV5KB6 Adorable The boots are adorable.  The zipper is really stiff so the 3-yr old struggles to get them on.  I am hoping use will fix that.
B003EV5QDS really great boots... love this pair have been using it for last 2 weeks with an average of 12 hours per day on my vacation. including use on trek, snow etc. this pair provided great foot comfort through out. It was very comfortable right out of the box. size fit was exact match as my regular shoes.4/9/12 - have been using it 2-3 times a week since Dec 2011. it is going great. the leather seems to getting softer (good) and comfortable with use. my two other boots are hardly used now. would buy it again.
B003K31GDE Fantastic shoes! this shoes are fantastic!The quality of the leather is great, and the Goodyear sole is amazing, its looks like you are over the cloudsI use to work 10 hour per day and are very confortableI will buy another ones when I need another work shoes10/10
B003LBWOCM great for foot problems I'm a 68 year old male with a long history of foot problems:  fallen arches, peripheral neuropathy, heel problems as well as arthritis in my left foot. My feet hurt most all the time in shoes. Living close to the ocean I walk the beach daily so I use waterproof sandals.  Others I've tried haven't given me the arch support or they've smelled like hell after a few uses.  For the last four years I've been wearing these Timberland Granite Trails and have had a great experience with them.  Other than occasional chafing from a new pair they have been problem free.  They are my only footwear that are pain free. I now own three different pairs in varying stages of wear.  I've found that by cutting off the heel strap they make great slip ons. During the winter I use the slip ons around the house with socks and they serve as comfortable slippers.  Unfortunately Timberland has reportedly decided to discontinue this line so I've ordered a good number that will hopefully last until my 90s!!
B003LBWOCM These things last forever... I am only buying another because one pair was left behind at a hotel far away.. so I'm getting another, I have one more that I use for dirty jobs and such, the straps finally started to wear out but I'm a big guy and am usually rough on shoes.  These take a lickin and keep on tickin.
B003NUQWY2 Great boot I recently retired from the Military and was use to combat boots.  These boots are great and a change from what I use to wear. If I have a complaint it would only be that there is no ventilation, my foot doesn't get hot, but they don't breath either. great boots for fall days, comfortable and I have not noticed any back pain from stading on concrete like I did in my Rocky's tactical combat boots.
B003NUR4P8 Excellent pair of boots Recently got this boots, i agree with the previous review in this page, but can i add that this boots are really comfortable at the very first use, besides they look real good, they also have electrical hazard protection,i will update when i have use it more in my job
B003OBZT3A Great Boots! It's comfortable and looks great with my jeans. They can be use for the winter or a rainy day. I like the ways it looks and looks and feels like it can handle any kind of weather.
B003UFJCP6 very nice good product comfortable and cuttable to walk longmaterials look pretty good in durability sabra with the passage of Use
B003UFJCP6 Two thumbs up Timberland has and always will make some of the finest boots.  I bought them for work, as I am on my feet all day.  This is my third pair....and while I personally could use a little more padding on the bottom, the fit is great and a shoe insert fixed them right up.
B003V9A47Q Nice boot I use for work. It's not water proof but super comfy. I'm would buy another. I Wish had black pair.
B003VMVXDW Comfy and cool! These are fun and really comfortable.  Great for walking and every day use.  Easy on and off!  Perfect for playing in streams.  The real test is if you wear them a lot and I do!  Great little shoe but of course everyone's feet are different so you have to see to for yourself.  I prefer the men's shoes to the women's.  Like the design better.  Give them a whirl and I think you'll be happy with them.  I am!
B003VMVXDW Good enough to use for golf This is my 3rd pair/style of Timberland sandals which I wear every day during the summer and use as golf shoes, also.  This style is by far the most &#34;foot friendly&#34; as the other styles did rub blisters and take a considerable amount of breakin time.  It helps to get them thoroughly wet and gradually allow them to form fit/adjust.  I was probably more forgiving of the initial discomfort because I wanted and needed the aggressive sole thread pattern to use on the golf course.  I'm very satisfied and would recommend them as a sport/hiking sandal which is water friendly. I do believe the T-Back system makes a small difference in comfort/performance.I bought a 2nd pair of this same style to have as a backup and have not found another brand/style to compare at this price +/- $50.
B003YC48QS Timberland Men's Sandal The last pair of Timberland sandals was the other version of the 'fisherman' style.  That pair lasted about 5 years with constant use.  How could I not get Timberland again?  Although pricey--worth every penny, they last!  And the syle is perfect for me as I can actually use my orthodic insert with no problem.
B0049EO4PK Perfect This one of my favorite shirt, it is fresh, practic, and I can use for a lot of think at the same time
B0049N0O1Y Wonderful Boots Very comfortable and durable boots and at the same time perfect for trekking. I wish to use it more and more
B0049N3S58 Comfortable but tread wears fast I have had these for 6 months to work on a construction site (mostly dirt and gravel).  The boots are very comfortable and have stayed dry in moderate rain.  My only complaint is that the tread wears down quickly, not sure if they will last more than a year with daily use.
B0049N3S58 Comfortable fit out of the box. Comfortable fit out of the box. Worked a 12 hour shift with no problems, Will buy another pair for future use!
B004J2HSLY Nice waterproof walking shoe I use these to take the dogs for a walk in the morning. Just slip them on and go. Handles rain and most puddles quite well. Very comfortable with or without socks.
B004J2HSLY EXACTLY what I have been looking for! I bought these shoes primarily for my 3-mile daily walks with the dog in the winter.  I had worn out my previous pair of Cabela's branded Merrell's, which apparently are no longer made/available.  I was looking for a comfortable, waterproof slip-on shoe, and these fit the bill perfectly.My shoe size is 11-E and the 11-W are a perfect fit with medium-weight socks.  As stated in some reviews, they do go on a bit snug, but that's how a shoe should fit!  Just use a shoehorn (ask your parents/grandparents, if you don't know what that is :) ).  Leather shoes should be a bit snug when new because they will stretch and conform to your specific feet.These shoes required little break-in time.  During the first few wearings, I never felt pain or discomfort, or had any blisters.  After the 3rd or 4th use, they were very comfortable!  They are stable on snow-covered surfaces, and have been totally leak-proof when walking through slush and puddles.
B004J2HT6I Good boots for real winter I got these boots for a snow days, but did not have much chance to use it much so far (even though I had them since the end of 2011; I live in NYC). The boots are fully waterproof, and really warm. They will do the job, when the time comes to use them as they were intended. Overall, I am glad I have them (even though don't need to use them too frequently).
B004J2HT6I Awsome My favorite boots ever.  They're super comfy.  The zipper does ride down a little sometimes, but you can't even tel as there is a secondary web keeping things together under the zipper.  If it really bothers you-- you can wear the think velcro blowsings that cost about 3 bucks here on amazon.  I have 2 pairs of them in case I really need them, but never had to.So it's been over a year and this is a followup review.  These boots are light and very comfortable still, but it does not have any tang or mid sole for stability, which is not good for rugged use.  If you're walking around town on a side walk or flat surfaces it is ok.  They hold up great over many uses.
B004J2PCHG Great I was very happy with these boots.  We live in New England and I haven't found my feet to get cold in them once.  However, if you use them too often indoors, they can get your feet to sweat.  When that happens, I just sit them in front of the wood stove for 20-30 minutes and all the moisture trapped in side dries out quickly.
B004J8UQ9Y Good lookings 5 for design and look3 for resistance, i don't use them for heavy duty although they got broken between the black rubber and the fabric material5 for confort
B004J8YBDQ Very good boots boots with a design and perfect finish are special young man like me who likes a product useful to go to work and serve time for use in a working meeting with the management.still recommended once timberland brand that has always been my favorite
B004K22QM4 Great boots Bought these after a trip to Montreal where everyone's boot game was on point. They're very comfortable and warm. I've had them for a year of light use and they've held up well. They will need some touching up here soon, but overall they still look great.
B004K22W2S I like them I purchased these boots for use when I ride my motorcycle and they have worked out very well.  The fit is good. They give me ankle protection around the exhaust and the rubber sole is good for planting my feet when stopped.  I especially like that the toe area is fairly flat which makes it easier to shift.  I like the way they look as well.
B004K66PAE Well This boot are so nice, really look good , the problem is fit to smallI normally use size 6.5 or 7 depend on the shoes, after I read many reviewssee many peoples say run small for that reason I buy 7.5 and this fit melike a 6.5 and little very little tight in the toes if I know are like thisI buy a 8 but dont hurt my toes for that I keep this so bad because a peoplewho have wide feet for sure cant use this boots at all.
B004KISJ5Q Beautiful and stylish Very beautiful and stylish watch; i use it almost everytime i go out, since it makes a perfect choice for casual dress.
B004L32PFU It's good shoe that easy to use, and I love it very muchand also nice price.lol... strongly recommend it It's good shoe  that easy to use, and I love it very muchand also nice price.lol... strongly recommend it
B004L36UN8 Kind a Pricey These are use in extreme conditions. The leather covering is excellent in keeping out the cold, but the soles should be made a lot tougher. The soles are too thin and are already showing signs of separation.
B004L8RJP6 lovely This boots are really lovely, very comfortable and well made. The laces are gorgeous. The boots are a little bit heavy but offers a great support in order to walk in snow and ice.  I usually wear 8 o 8.5, I order 8.5 and it fits with a thermal sock perfect, but if you want to use it without a sock, I recommend order half size smaller. They are tall boots -I'm a average person- and those go until my knee, its impossible to wear it with normal jeans, you have to use skinny pant or leggins.
B004LLSV5U Great for messy winter days. These fit well and are comfortable.  I didn't get much use out of them this year, but when the need arises, they should be great for nasty winter days.
B004O0TGG6 good shirt I got this because I had extra money this year and I wanted a button up short sleeve. It was a bit too big but now I use it as a shirt I wear around the home. I like the front pocket.
B004O0TGJS good shirt I bought this and it was a bit big but I still use it around the house. Actually, my GF wears it now and it is a good shirt. Would probably check Timberland's measurements for sizes next time I buy.
B004P1A5YG cool shoes I bought these specifically for backpacking to wear around camp in the evening while my boots air out and to give my feet a break. I haven't gone on a trip yet, but they fit great, they're light and comfortable, and I like the way they zip up for easy pack storage. I can't wait to use them!
B004P1A5YG Great as a back-up shoe. Just a little over-priced, but these shoes are great as a light-weight back up shoe to pack when traveling. We fly on the low price airlines in in Europe, and they are strict as to the weight of baggage. So, just in case my usual shoes get wet and need time to dry out, I bought these. Perfect for that purpose. They don't actually lace up, in the usual sense, and are a little uncomfortable for regular day-to-day use.
B004P1YAFQ Well made Very strong and durable. These are very nice and comfortable and most importantly waterproof. You can't always find a boot you can wear for long days of fishing- other than rubber boots. I would recommend these boots especially for hard use- they stand the test!
B004PNE720 Worth every penny My 2nd pair of these. 1st pair went 1yr. 3 mos., still use them to mow and @ house. Had the Titans before these, they are also good but the sole broke  down on them. Always had good luck with Timberland Pro, but the Helix is the best.
B004RKE00A Very confortable sun glasses Well designed sport sunglasses, very practicals and light, i can use it anywhere but especially when driving on sunny days. Good UV protection. I really like it... definitively timberland
B004RQ38B6 Comfortable Shoe truck comes around to a plant where I work, sells these for 135$. Glad I found these online, exact product. Use these as dress shoes because they are  more comfortable than the ones I have
B004RQ38B6 perfect working shoes Very nice working shoes very comfortable to use, an can be use as casual shoes...very light working shoes and excellent for daily use.
B004RQ38B6 Timberland Great! Exactly what I ordered! I had been looking for comfortable shoes or boots for use at work and these are just right.
B004T0YVZ2 SPECTACULAR THE ONLY THING I CAN SAY FOR NOW IS THE FELT COMFORTABLE AND COLOR IS SPECTACULAR. I WILL USE THE IN DECEMBER FOR MY TRIP TO VANCOUVER, THEN THEM WAS MY EXPERIENCE
B004ZCE19U not scuff proof. I was disappointed with these boots. they appeared dry from the box and scuffed on the first hour of use around the house. I would not recommend these boots to a friend.
B004ZD1A4S good boot i like Timberland boots, it's very practical to use,i wear it in winter, i recommend, it's very comfortable.oci sityva dawereo waigo tvini ra :).
B0052A6Z70 Rugged, weatherproof, comfy These are superb.  They are waterproof and breathable, and the lugged sole provides great traction in snow and is so well cushioned you can walk and stand for hours on hard surfaces.  They lace up snugly, and have a side zipper for quick entry and exit, perfect for use at the fire station.
B0052DD9UI Very cute This is perfect for the between seasons weather as it's not too light or too heavy. My 2 year old loved the hood and the front pockets that he can use to carry his toys around. The fabric washes well too. Got a size 3T so he can wear a t shirt of even a thin sweater underneath.
B0054HM0Z2 2nd time! This is my second pair of these steel toed shoes. The fit well. Although they have a removable insole, I still use an insert on top of it. My feet get sore no matter what I wear. With the added insert these seem to be more comfortable and my feet don't get as sore.
B0056QVSQ8 waitress My feet are tired at the end of my 8 hr shift. I do like them and hope I get use to them. I bring my old sneakersand have been putting them on 1/2 way though my shift.
B0056QVSQ8 Excellent!!!!!! I use this shoes for work and I Love it. it is very comfortable for all day use, able to walk in areas that are slippery...
B0056QVSQ8 I need an other pair shoes I want buy others because is so small for me I can't use it but I like it so moch
B0056QW98E Broken within two months I am a professional chef who is on my feet 50+ hours a week. Initially, I thought that these were the perfect non-slip clogs. They fit perfectly, were immediately comfortable, and are non-slip, as advertized. I recommended them to many industry professionals. Less than two months into my use of these shoes (and after the return deadline, of course), the elastic that attaches the buckle to the shoe snapped in the middle of a long day. I expect a PRO clog to be able to stand up to professional use. I am extremely unhappy that these shoes are now useless, and I am unable to return them or have them replaced. Comfort and non-slip ability are irrelevant if the shoe can't withstand professional use.
B0058RHQC0 more stars, please! Never had a shoe that was even remotely similar to this one. My feet are extremely delicate and I use it all day long. In the evening, if I have to go out, just change the socks. Fantastic!
B005A7QVKQ comfortable but shoddy These are one of the most comfortable shoes ive ever owned.  Real easy to slip on and off, my foot doesnt get stuck so the heel doenst break the back part of the shoe.  Had a similar one and can also say that the elastic that holds the foot inside doenst give away even after 2 years of heavy duty use. Plus the color goes with almost everything. Awesome sneakers.Edit after 18 months use:  not 6 months after purchase, the soles started peeling off from the main body.  Shoddy manufacture... what happened timberland?
B005A8M7L2 Tmberland Men's Formentor Oxford From the feedback received, these shoes are holding up well under the constant use in New Zealand of walking in the city of Wellington. Support is still the same as the first day they were worn (as of Sept, 2012)
B005APTZ4W great! really nice boots. Just like what I expected. suits best with slim jeans. I will buy more of this design!But still wondering how to clean it. can i use leather lotion?
B005BWB2QI Good fit for my big feet The shoes are light and easy to wear. I am use to a much bigger shoe that weights a lot more and these took some time to get use to but I think they are great.
B005BWB2QI Look great and fit well NelsonThe shoes arrived quickly and fit very well.  I enjoy them quite a bit.  I look forward to years of use from them.
B005FI1VE6 Very well made. These were not cheep but they are of high quality and just adorable. With the double Velcro I'm they will get a lot of use.
B005FI1VE6 Great Bought these for my 4 1/2 year old.  They are super duper, he can easily get them on and off.  They did give him blisters on the ankle when he was first breaking them in, so might want to use socks for the first 5-10 wears.
B005FI1VE6 Great little shoes Perfect for our toddler for the summer! Fits just like his old stride rites. Great color hides all stains, recommended! Holding up well after about a month of use.
B005FI1VE6 Just what we were looking for Fit is great, my Grandson does not seem to find them uncomfortable. The bottom is bendable, the shoes are breathable. Can't wait for more warm weather so he can get some good use of them.
B005FI1VE6 seem very well made Had these on my wish list for awhile.....Glad I decided to order them. Very cushy on bottoms for little feet and great grip on the sole! I hope she gets great use out of them.
B005FM5Q3O Great Summer Show this is a durable comfy shoe for my 5 year old. Land and water use. Lasted us a year of use and we live in a warm climate. We plan on buying this shoe for all our boys this summer. Just make sure you buy a size down - they're huge.
B005GY8RYQ Comfortable, stylish without comprimising durability This sneakers look fairly good even at my size 12M, which make them very  big, and that does not happen with all sneaker. They are very comfortable and wide, that may seem trivial but some shoes of another brands of the same size do not fit me because they are too stretch.After a few months of use I can say , you can use this shoes when its cold , hot, normal life , work , walking in sand , I not even had a problem with rain despite the materials used in this one. The tie is weird , you have to pull one and the shoe close all together and fits right.Excellent product overall
B005I6Z1T6 Perfect! I saved a bundle purchasing these here!  The protective leather is tough but will wear during heavy use!  All in all I love these boots!
B005LCQYYS Decent shoes for light use Seem like decent shoes for light use; like between the boat dock and the cabin.  No extra material over toes so over time I expect they will look like they have feet in them even when they aren't being worn.  Lacing system a bit wonky. Strictly for chilling and looking cool-casual. Pricey for what you get IMO.
B005Q91MIE Insert bleeds when wet Bought these shoes for daily use on boats. First rain storm soaked the shoes and Orange colored inner liner bleed through mesh and ruined a pair of socks !Soles are supposed to be anti fatigue, but after 12 hours on my feet are sore !
B006F676IW Pretty tough Scratches a bit with regular use, but nice overall.  Hubs loves it as he used to get really awful cheap wallets for Christmas from family every year.  I like the inside storage, and would totally buy again.
B006JFYS6C As advertised / as depicted. Nice weight for year-round use.  Good for golf, tennis shoes & even sandals.  Maintains position and shape on foot through all activities.
B006OB62PQ Nice Daily Wallet Pros: lovely color, It looks kind of vintage and its very soft, has a standard size. The inside has a great "timberland orange" silk.  Perfect for daily use. The timberland brand in the outside and inside make it looks awesome.Con : it is not genuine leather , i hope it can resist a  year. I have bought two , and both of them has some visible scratches
B006OB62PQ too small smaller than looks in picture.its real leather. the one i get has some flaw on the sewing threadfor daily use is enough
B006T2YLPS Great boots Great boot I use them everyday doing landscaping and they withstand everything I put them through plus there water proof can't go wrong with these
B006T9281U fits well I expect the thermo cool quality to hold up during the warm weather.  washed before first use and socks held their quality.
B006T92A7C lovely design and good fit socks are feminine and pretty.  washed before first use and held up well. purchased for my Mom and she loves them.
B006T92A7C Beautiful and comfortable design My wife absolutely loves these and asked me to buy her more.  They are thin, so she can use them with most of her shoes, without feeling constricted.
B006ZGV9LM Wonderful, elegant, warm and comfortable I usually use an 7 but I ordered 8 and they fit perfect. These boots are thick in calves, so the bigger, the better
B006ZGV9LM Stylish yet comfortable I was in search for cold weather boots that was versatile enough that I can wear with anything. Something that is casual enough for me to wear with jeans  and girly enough to wear with skirts and at the same time give me protection from the cold weather and comfortable enough for my picky feet. Thinking about it, it's kindda hard to find something pretty and comfy. But yeah! This boots does all the job I listed.While I was browsing for boots I saw this, but I was hesitant to buy this since its pricey, so i went to look for something similar but on the lower price range.I spent months looking for a replacement, but not one boots trumped this benchmark.I went ahead and bought it. I was able to use it the whole day without any complaints. It's well engineered that after the initial shoe break in, it became more comfortable. It gets better everytime you use it.I would definitely say it is a good investment, I can tell with the quality of the leather and the craftsmanship that it will last a long time.
B006ZIGRXA Fabulous! These boots are gorgeous! Great quality. They are a bit roomy (ordered my regular size, 9 1/2 M), and it took me a while to figure out what kind of insole to use. I settled on Superfeet, and now the fit is great.It's a sturdy walking boot, that doubles as a dress boot. I get tons of compliments every time I wear the, from friends and strangers alike. Highly recommended.
B006ZJ2ZUI No quality I can not believe that a product of this brand can be such a bad quality. I bought these boots last December and I have been using them since April and they are broken already. The use I gave them is not heavy at all, I just  wear them for rainy days. Both are broken at the inner and outer sides asif they were cuted with a blade. That is the reason why I gave such a LOW RATE.
B006ZTKFW8 poor quality I can`t believe that Timberland put out this kind of boots. Well they were comfortable till it starts falling apart. After just 3 hikes  the sides in one boot start tearing - the suede leather is too thin  so any little pressure  on it sides o the boot is too much for it ( when you going up or down hill ).Maybe OK only if you gonna use it as an ordinary boots  , not  for hiking
B0070SJK60 Very stiff I bought these to be able to wear in bad weather, but not as a work boot.  They are very stiff and I didn't even like driving with them.  I will only use them as needed while working out in the yard or walking the dog in lots of snow.
B0072NQIZ4 Great looking and fitting shoe I purchased this shoe for use at my job as a nurse. I love it so much, I might just wear it for regular day use. Its super comfortable and stylish. I used the sizing guide and the fit is perfect. Pretty much my standard size. Does not run small!
B007597TP8 Scratches easily but overall not bad Bought this as a gift for someone else. They use it a lot, and pointed out that it already had a scratch on it. Handles holding his cash and cards well. When it is time for a new one I will probably buy the same one again for him.
B007784JI2 Awesome boots! There's a short break in period, but after that, these boots are VERY comfy. On some days, I walk about 7-8 miles a day in them after a week of having them, and they're better than any boots I did road marches in the military with. The low grain of insulation is deceiving, though. We've had days that were around 18 deg F, and they keep my feet very warm to the point of having to use a lot of foot powder.
B007784JI2 Tried and tested in Iceland These are some of the best outdoor boots i've owned.  I've bought them to use for my trip in Iceland in the middle of freezing December.  They worked beautifully and never let water or moisture in.  I've used them in dust, in a snowstorm, and in pouring rain, and my feet remained dry at all times.
B007G4VE30 bought for a friend he loves it.good quality, nice outlook.the zip has a little hard to use. maybe will be better after several times use.
B008FA81Y4 Love 'em! They have exceeded my expectations.  They look nice and are really easy to use.  The zippers are very well made.
B008KLEYLM poor quality and looks old I bought the brown and after a week of use it looks old, they are also very tight and after two months, without much use, the spring closes it broke.I do not recommend buying this.what happens timberland?
B008M27UHO Very comfortable These are by far the comfiest pair of shoes I ever try.I can recomend them for like everyday all day use.
B008M2OCP2 Nice Love this shoes, can use anytime, with khakis, jeans, shorts. If could rate higher I would, can not comment on durability as yet.
B008MHR6D2 Good shoe, reasonable well made, cheap laces. Based on the design of these shoes, replacing the laces is not a minor task, they should do a better job on quality control of the leather they use for the laces.
B008N6YJKA Kind of disappointed I ordered three pairs of these sandals and I'm quite disappointed. All in all they're comfortable (I suffer from metatarsus pain when I don't wear a little platform) and very cool; it's just that every time I use them, I get a splinter in my pinky toe - but may be it's my feet and not the shoe, I couldn't say for sure. Other than having to carry bandaids, they're very, very nice!
B008N7GT9I LOVE these! Got for hiking but use daily Love these boots (and Timberland in general). What can I say that hasn't already been said - quality is great, they are sturdy yet flexible, look good, last forever.Got these just for hiking, but they are so comfortable and look so good, I use them almost daily.And Amazon's pricing on these is unbeatable!!!
B008TNCG6Q boots Clever idea to make boots that zip together, but they ran small and my partner could not use them so we are giving them to my son.
B008TNCG6Q Needs thicker soles. This is a poorly insulated boot on the bottom of all places. If you want to use this in very cold temperatures (even as a camp boot) you might want a insulating insole. However, freaking awesome design otherwise but could use a thicker, more durable zipper as I'm sure it wouldn't hold up for long term use. For the price and the brand not bad, but the design I think could use improvement, especially the thinner soles (its weird having warm ankles and cold soles).
B008VPU0GK Very Comfortable I haven't been able to use them on the trail just yet but I have worn them around the house and I am pretty sure they are going to be great. They are so comfortable.
B008ZBPGFU Runs large Great soft feel but the heal is very unsupportive. Normally I use an 11 but the 10 fit perfectly.  Nice tread.
B0090X4EJQ Snug opening , you need a shoehorn Good fit , sturdy , lightweight and comfortable, only problem , I have to use a shoehorn to get it on.
B0091DKPFC Excelentes They are really comfortable, exceeded all my expectations, Timberland as always the best! Simply Spectacular. I bought them to use on a daily basis and was very pleased.
B0091QISZS confortable shoes and price was good In other brand usuali i use 11.5 but in this shoes i have to use .5 number less. But this shoes is very confortable.
B00943JQVI Looks good, durability questionable I like the look and design, but after one use the back had tears and rips.  Jury is out if it will hold up at all.
B0098X6KEU amazing My 3rd pair of this brand. Wonderful for 12-16 hour shifts. I want more colors. Wish they sold insoles for the shoe as they wear with heavy use. Shoes are sold and have not broke down.
B009R8KH18 big improvement in my 3 year old Timberlake hiking boots. I use my timberland hiking boots for work as a landscaper so they see heavy use and the originals insoles were wearing down after 3 years.  I was going to try the more exp ones but these did the job so I decided to keep them.  They might take a couple hours of wearing to form to your feet like the originals.
B009R8KH18 good choice for your $ Fits good, feels nice, time will tell. These were put in wolverine still toe wellingtons. Which I recommend or the Timberland Titan Pro HD. I work in the oil field's and I would only use either 1 of these 2 boots
B009R9EJ3E super comfortable These inserts are extremely comfortable.  I use them for work and they make a 12 hour shift feel easy on my feet.
B009R9EJ3E Good bang for your buck! I couldn't be happier that timberland finally decided to offer replacement insoles last year. This is my second pair of the anti fatigue insoles and I love them. I use them in my timberland direct attach boots, I am a size 15 wide and the XL fit just fine with minimal trimming. I work landscaping so I am on my feet for 10-12 hours at a time and these insoles make the time fly by. It feels more like I am wearing running shoes rather than steel toe work boots. If you're on the fence definently pull the trigger, the price is a little high but it is definently worth it!
B009R9EJO8 Renewed boot comfort. Insoles are giving my work boots a much longer use.
B00AJP7LUS Great Frame Second frame I have had... The first pair broke due to my own fault (amateur drywall work). They look great, fit great, and are durable enough for normal use. Shipping was fast and I just popped the old lenses in for now!
B00AL2OQ16 not recommend Good packaging but easy to broken  especially pocket area. I only use 2 month and give present to my sonmmm... this is made in india ...low quality
B00AQLQ05W love them Very sturdy boot, they'll get a lot of use and should hold up well for a young girl very stylish
B00AZPOIF8 like walking on cushions It's been about 10 years since I've owned a pair of Timberland casual wear shoes. I used to have a pair that I bought twice in the mid 90s, but Macy's stopped carrying them so I switched to something else. I found these and ordered them along with some Doc Martens. The Doc Martens were ok, but felt extremely stiff and heavy compared to these. I kept these and have not regretted it after a month's use. They look good with business casual and they are very comfortable. I don't normally give 5 stars to anything because generally there is always room for improvement and nothing is perfect, however, I gave 5 stars because I am completely satisfied with the purchase. I can't vouch for how they will hold with every day, heavy use, but for occasional business casual at work, they should last many years.
B00AZPOIF8 Reality did not meet expectaton It looks too rough to office work... I tought it was something else. Kinda disappointed, but I guess I'm gonna use it for other purposes anyway.
B00AZPPEQ0 Love it Got it on time n better then I expected  I didn't expect it to come so quickly will deff use again
B00AZPSY1M Stylish and cheap Got these for the price. So far they are holding up well. The colors are just awesome. The white soles get dirty quick, so I only use for special occasions. They are confortable and they look great. I get lots of compliments. Not bad for Timberland.
B00B7FGQDM Do not use one click with this item. I used the one click option when I ordered these boots for my husband who is a 13 2E.  When they came they were a 13 W.  I checked my order and it showed that is what I had ordered.  I tried to reorder the boots, but did not use the one click option and sure enough, when the boots were put into my cart the size changed from a 13 2E to a 13W.  Cannot tell you the quality of the boots because I never could get the system to put my actual choice in the cart.
B00B7FHH3U Timberland never disappoints This is my third pair of timberland and their extremely comfortable like my other pairs. They are well made I hope to get a lot of use out of them!
B00B9PXLAG Awesome boots Great ankle supportReally comfortable out of the box, no need to break them inColors are pretty sickWell made, I feel like I can use these through several winters
B00B9PYALU Nice looking, good construction & materials, but fits very skinny I got the black leather version..Keep in mind that I haven't worn them in yet at all, BUT I feel that process might be a bit painful.(will later update after they're broken in)I'm mainly reviewing to point out that these don't run slightly large, despite almost everything I've read about Timberlands. According to Their website, a 9 should have been a little big.. Well, these run average in length but fit very tight from about the arch of my foot, to the toe-cap. it's pretty damn uncomfortable. (Though this can actually be fixed to some extent before you use them more)  I even have really skinny feet to begin with, so beware if your feet run on the wider side.Otherwise, they're a really nice looking boot, but will have to be stretched out manually before I can ever put them to use hiking. Boot socks are currently out of the question, so I hope these are warm.
B00BCJV7H8 Fits Perfectly I definitely couldn't choose other boots better than these ones. Totally recommend it. Choose 1/2 size larger than you usually use and fits perfect. :)
B00E41TUI4 love the style and color it is fit to me and comfortable to use, all sides seems made strong and until now it looks I'll be able to use it for long time
B00E41W10I Timberland 3 Eye boatshoes Great shoes, hope they last as long as previous pairs of the same brand (10 plus years with heavy use on sailboats!).
B00E41Y0E8 As expected. Good shoe. As expected this looks and feels like great. Very happy. On the downside though it has a slightly large fit which I think might get larger with use.
B00E5TU5AM Socks The Timberland Quarter is a great sock.  It fits well with good elastic and padding and they absorb moisture really well.  I use them in my work boots so they are abused a lot of the time.  They hold up nicely, even after 50 washes.
B00E8RA1UK Four Stars Nice shoe. Bigger than striderite sizes I'm use to.
B00EHHKWMS Beautiful shoes, but after two days of use, the leather. After returning the first pair, because the size was to big, I got the ones size less. The new pair fits perfectly, but after two days of use the leather started to crack and you can see the white line all over the front of the shoe.  Very disappointed, shoes are beautiful and very confortable.
B00GNZFWA4 Well made boot, too heavy for all day use The boots are well made, wearing like iron, waterproof so far, dropped some stuff on the toe with no injury. I like getting extra laces + so far easy to clean off mud, oil + grease + look good. Comfortable I guess I have a degenerative nerve disease + cant feel my feet but no blisters or irritation. My only complaint is the weight, if I was still working on the floor of a truck shop + walking all day I couldn't use them. Nothing as light as Redwings.
B00GNZFWA4 Shoe is way to heavy These shoes are so heavy, I don't even use them very often.  I would never use them for hicking at all
B00HTWCKYG Quality is very poor and is not expected from Timberland Quality is very poor and is not expected from Timberland. Fabric of the two trolley bags I use is coming out and probably this luggage is good for just one travel.
