B000XEEQAI Great Price and Very Comfortable They look good, feel good, and easy on the wallet (in comparison to others)  Very nice brown color too, matches my belt perfectly.
B001FXZU92 !!Amazing!! Boot that my feet and my wallet have fallen in love with. Comfortable, affordable and truly durable topped off with a great look never going back to Wolverines for sure
B002CCWR0A Great ! I bought this wallet for my boyfriend, he was due for a new one. He had a timberland wallet that was really old, but i knew he liked it so much i was scared to switch it on him so i looked and found one close to the one he had already and this brown timberland one was perfect. He loved it. Thx :)
B002CD4OKK favorite wallet Had the wallet once before and it lasted me over 7 years.  Had to get another one just like it.After browsing around for a while I came across this item for a decent price. I am very satisfied with my order. The delivery was very speedy and the item was brand new just as described. Very pleased
B003ZU0MGY Nice jacket, but small inner breast pocket I fluctuate between a medium an a large depending on brand;this medium fits nicely. My only complaint is a very small inner breast pocket, where I would normally put my wallet. The pocket looks to be geared for a cell phone, and a normal wallet will not fit. I like the jacket enough to keep it, but may opt to have the inner pocket expanded.
B004C50DXS The best wallet that I've ever had. I bought this wallet four years ago at a Timberland Factory Store.  It was great when I bought it, and continues to be.  The leather just looks better and better the older it gets and the stitching is holding up perfectly.This wallet is the perfect size for 8 cards upfront and a few hidden inside.  It has two bill compartments, and seems to contract back to original size after you stretch it out.  I usually don't carry too much cash, but if for a trip or something I stretch it out with a lot of bills, it quickly returns to its original size soon after the money is out of it.  Same thing with the card holders.This is a great wallet.  I highly recommend that you buy it.
B005G5G170 Nice wallet I am very happy with my new Timberland brown wallet, this is a good product for a simple and elegant gift.
B005G5I6VO Great Ordered this after my Macy's perri ellis failed. I've only had this for a few days now but I've owned timberland belts for a while now, great quality leather there, very durable, and it looks like it translates to their wallets too. Good quality leather (for the money) and has a nice feel. Its not the softest leather but i think after it "breaks in" it'll be fine.Highly recommended for the money. Either go with this or go all out and get a Coach wallet.Edit: Its been roughly 8 months. Still looks new. No indications of wear, at least any real wear. The leather has stretched as i've filled it with more plastic but not much more. I also see that this is no longer available on amazon, thats a bummer. Great wallet for the money. If you can find it in-stores, buy it.
B00689RD3O Great Gift. Husband has had his old wallet for almost 13 years now and it was sadly time to replace it.  Much to my surprise, I was able to find nearly the exact one again for him.  He was so happy.  Timberland makes a good wallet!
B006F62ZUQ Beautiful and well crafted This is an incredible price for a product so well made.  It's leather is lovely and the stitching is spot on.  My friend loved it and it held all his 'many' cards and other things he tends to cram in.  &#60;G&#62;Thanks timberland for a great wallet.
B006F62ZUQ Great Wallet This Wallet is slim with a lot of space for my cards and cash, it has a great feel to it and the leather is really of high quality.
B006F62ZUQ Great Wallet love it, holds my cards and cash, fits in my pocket, opens up nice, good leather, replaced my old wallet of 12 years
B006F62ZUQ Well made and definitely worth the money! I got this wallet for my husband who is very picky about his wallets. His old wallet was so worn it was high time for a new one! When we started looking he would say not to all of them! He wanted a bifold that had spaces for his cards but was not overly bulky or too small. He didn't want anything flashy but he wanted something well built. This wallet is manly while still being elegant. It is very well made and my husband loves it!
B006F62ZUQ Good Quality Wallet I bought this as a gift for my son.  It is very good quality and attractive (as wallets go).  I believe he will get to use it for a long time because of how well it is made, and it has plenty of room for license, cards, etc.  Highly recommend.
B006F62ZUQ nice wallet It's a very nice wallet. I got the brown one. It's actually antique brown. Leather looks great, feels good, smells good. I filled up most of the card slots(5 cards and 2 I.Ds) and it came slim and fit. There're 2 window pockets when you flip up the left pocket. One of them is leather framed and just right so my driver license would be properly shown without unnecessary blocking. The picture holder is removable. The measurement is approximately 4.5*3.5 inches. Not too small to hold everything, also not too big to fit in the front pocket.In all, I love it. Also I'm leaving these details about this wallet since there weren't enough in the product description, which makes me hesitated a lot before buying it. Now I'm glad I did this. I sure hope this would help you decide if you're looking for a bifold/slimfold  wallet.UPDATE--2013/10/29It's been almost 2 years after purchasing the wallet. I'd like to post an update as the wallet is still working very well for me. I think it's quite durable.
B006F62ZUQ Great wallet Soft, worn leather.  Looks great, is the right size, lots of spaces for cards, pictures and cash.  Couldn't be happier.
B006F62ZUQ Excellent wallet The portfolio is of good quality, durable, resistant. fit all trajetas and identity documents without any problem. is well organized, but without bulking wallet. Color is as stated in the publication.
B006F62ZUQ simple, usefull. Simple, Useful. This wallet is a great choice, The leather is good quality and has many card slots. Color is good as well.
B006F62ZUQ Incredible wallet from great company I love Timberland products in general and this wallet was a great find. Well-made, responsibly made, just the right amount of room. There is no way you will be disappointed in this wallet.
B006F62ZUQ sturdy, cheap, happy :) Great wallet, plenty of pockets, and you can't beat the price.  It is genuine leather, and its just what I was looking for in a nice, not-too-flashy, sturdy wallet.
B006F62ZUQ I like it Timberland Men's Antique Leather Passcase Bifold Wallet,The size is a little large for me.Fortunately, other.Style and colors are okay.
B006F65NL4 Nice wallet Bought this for my husband for father's day. He really liked it. It is well made and looks nice. He just opened it yesterday, so no complaints yet!
B006F65NL4 A gift he will LOVE! This wallet looks very nice. Very good quality and came in perfect condition! Very excited to see his face when he gets it!
B006F65NL4 Kind of Flimsy Pretty lightweight for the most part.  Fortunately my husband doesn't carry his wallet on him or it would never have stood the test of time.
B006F65NL4 Solid wallet. Love the size and the color. I've been struggling as of late to find a dependable solution for my wallet. Looking for something that holds up, can fit my cards and cash, but also will not give me back problems later in life because of how thick it gets.I've been working with a card case over the last few months, but realized I needed something more for the everyday. This fit the bill. I don't usually order things on Amazon unless they ship Prime, but this one seemed to fit the bill for me.Great color, perfect amount of slots for cards, ID, and cash. Timberland is a solid brand, too. Definitely happy with this purchase.
B006F65NL4 Prefers large bills I don't know, but it just may be me.  I think this wallet prefers large bills.  I'm talking $100 or above.  I know this because whenever there are a large amount of large bills in this wallet, I can just feel the happiness radiating right there through my butt cheeks.  So be warned.... if you really want to get the best out of this wallet, stuff it with large bills.  I guarantee you will be satisfied.
B006F65NL4 Gorgeous wallet! I bought this for my boyfriends anniversary gift. He absolutely LOVES it! The leather is great quality and feels incredibly soft. The orange cloth on the interior matches perfectly the warmth of the leather. I consider this to be one of my most successful gifts purchased for him. And the best part? It survives the washing machine. If you're a man who (or buying for a man) tends to forget to empty his pockets, this wallet is it. Granted, the color faded a tiny bit, but not enough to be upset about it. (His ss# card was a different story though!) All in all, I am BEYOND satisfied with this beautiful wallet and will definitely be a returning customer.
B006F65NL4 Great Wallet Better Price Great product at a good price. The wallet was made from high quality leather and features ample storage. At a 55.00 MSRP it's well worth 25 bucks.
B006F65NL4 Nice Wallet This is the best wallet I've ever had. I finally have enough card spaces for all my store cards/id cards. It has a solid construction and classy appeal. Don't know what else to include in a f eview for a wallet... I like it.
B006F65NL4 like timerland as always like this wallet very much for this price.  Good quality and well made.  I have no experience for men's wallet but still like ot.  Amazon is always the best.
B006F65NL4 Simple and very well made My last timberland wallet lasted at least ten years. I've replaced it with this one, not because my old one was falling apart, but just because I felt like getting a different type of wallet. This new one looks just as well made. Great colour, great stitching, great design.
B006F65NL4 plastic insert The plastic insert was sewn in and I had to remove it and use my Boy Scout skills from 30 years ago and resew the the wallet. Normally I would not do this and just return it. However the wallet was of very good quality and just what I was looking for.
B006F65NL4 The best wallet I ever had The quality is great.Nice details, made of a good leather.Looks and feels very good.The size is perfect, and also has a lot of space for credit cards.
B006F65NL4 excellent wallet Timberland makes very good wallets and this one is no exception.My last timberland wallet last me for 10 years and an sure this is just as good.
B006F65NL4 Color Confusion I bought this wallet for my boyfriend for Christmas and it's (almost) perfect! The price tag was unbeatable, the shipping and delivery were on time, and the wallet is great quality. The only qualm that I have is that the wallet I received does not look like the wallet advertised. Part of the reason I ordered this specific wallet was because I liked the deep color of the leather. Instead, I received a wallet that looks more like this:[...]Overall, I'm happy with the wallet; however, I am debating whether or not I should take up this color confusion with Amazon/Timberland. It really isn't what I thought that I bought.
B006F65NL4 Wore out fast I loved this leather wallet when I bought it, but the stitching came undone and I replaced much sooner than other wallets I have owned. Overall I was disappointed.
B006F65NL4 I love it The color of this wallet is slightly lighter that it appears in the picture, but it is still a beautiful wallet.  The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the fact that it is difficult to get credit/debit cards in the slots.  I realize that this is just due to the fact that this is new leather and has not had a chance to stretch out, rather than a product defect, but it is still a bit of a pain and something others should consider when purchasing.  However, I would still highly recommend this wallet.  It looks casual but classy.
B006F65NL4 perfect this is the kind of wallet i was looking to gift my brother..holds 14 cards..happy with the purchase and the price
B006F65NL4 Very nice wallet I love this wallet! I have been using it for over a year and it is still going strong! I have two cards in each pocket and the wallet sticks out pretty thick, but it doesn't show any signs of wear. This wallet should still be going strong for some time.Some of my old wallets would leave stains on my cards from where the die wears off on the cards. This wallet hasn't given me that issue at all.I would buy this wallet again and would highly recommend it.
B006F676IW I love this wallet The leather is soft and looks high quality.  I'm very happy with this wallet I received as a gift.  It has plenty of slots for debit cards, driver's licenses, etc without being thick and bulky.
B006F676IW Not a commuter wallet and most things don't fit First, how exactly is this a commuter wallet? A commuter wallet should have an outside pocket from which you can remove a metrocard or other commuter pass without having to pull the wallet out of your pocket.Second, credit cards just barely make it into the slots with a lot of effort. I expect that this will break in, by which I mean that the seams will have to come apart, making it easier and destroying the wallet a lot faster.Third, business cards simply don't fit in any of the slots. Neither do several other things I put in my wallet that are intended to fit in wallets.Once stuffed with the stuff that really doesn't fit and after stuffing the rest in behind the slots because they just wouldn't fit with any amount of force, the wallet would not come anywhere near closing.It is now under a mattress with the hope of destroying the seams and breaking it in so that it can close at all. If I can stretch the leather and break the seams sufficiently to actually use the wallet, I am not expecting it to last.The quality would be fine if it had been designed by someone who actually uses a men's wallet and knows that things actually have to be put inside it.I wonder how much they would have had to raise the price to make all of the slots a millimeter or two wider and thus make the wallet useful.At least I didn't pay much for it. So, when I have to replace it soon, I won't feel like I lost much. Too bad I bought it at a discount store where there are no returns though. Not that I've seen any other wallets with the features I want.
B006F676IW Good Reliable Wallet I bought this wallet to replace the one that I had for about 5 years.  When I first got the wallet the material was much lighter looking then the picture on the page.  The inside of the wallet is orange which I like a lot.  Plenty of space to store about 10 cards in it and still not feel like I'm carrying a brick around in my wallet.There was one issue that I had when I first got it.  I put it in the back pocket of my jeans and after being in their for a work day there was some dye from the jeans that made it onto the wallet.  With some water I was able to remove most of it, but if any moisture is absorbed by the wallet it can stain easily.I would buy this wallet again as it has been one of most reliable wallets I have ever owned.
B006F676IW My boyfriend loves his wallet. He's been using it ... My boyfriend loves his wallet. He's been using it for about a year and it has held up to him overstuffing it and keeping it in his pocket during heavy duty work.
B006F676IW Decent quality The wallet is too small for someone who has multiple cards. Even the 8 card slot doesn't accommodate all 8 credit cards. If you try to put a card in the hidden slot given underneath the card slots, then the wallet becomes too bulky and doesn't close properly.
B006F676IW Best replacement What more can one say about a wallet? Just got item today and i can say I'm happy with purchase
B006F676IW let me tell you some some times people buy a wallet with out brand, sometimes the wallet looks stronger than anothers but my columbia wallet has the perfect weight, color and durability.thanks
B006F676IW Amazon is awesome (: the wallet is so amazing it was deff worth buying! (: i would say it was on time and it had great pictures. it was every thing i expected
B006F676IW Nice Wallet plenty of card slots A good looking wallet with plenty of room for card, photos, and cash.Very happy with the quality of the leather and the overall design of the wallet.Would recommend this product to anyone.
B006F676IW Just What I expected The wallet arrived when it was supposed to, it was all still in original packing, and even had a price sticker on the inside for around $15 more than what I bought it for. So I'm happy with those savings. The leather is soft, and has plenty of card holders. I like the license flip out thing, makes it easier for showing it to check I.D.'s.
B006F676IW Love this wallet! This is a great wallet! I ordered it to give to my husband for our third wedding anniversary (traditional "Leather" gift). It is a strong, build to last wallet. Shipping was also a breeze, as always with Amazon! Thank you!
B006F676IW It is a wallet - no more, no less. My free wallet from Reed College disintegrated shortly after graduation - a somewhat ironic totem of a modern undergraduate education in so many ways - so I was left with my ID and a pile of unused Starbucks cards that companies keep sending me.I found this item as one of the only options that combines relative cheapness with a complete lack of personality, though I would have been happier had there been no logo on it. Contrary to a previous commenter, I've used mine for substantially longer than 20 days - even with somewhat abrasive contents that include health insurance cards, photo ID, and said ministack of Starbucks cards, it has held up quite well to use.
B006F676IW Decent Quality As another poster said this wallet is decent quality.  The actual price of this is $50 and its not worth that price at all but at the price I paid $25 is around the worth it price.
B006F676IW timberland wallet It feels so smooth and the color is just perfect! Love it, it worths every single dollar. Give it a try.
B006OB62PQ Its Ok I just love the size of the wallet. Timberland is a good designer. The interior is perfect. I like the compartments
B006OB62PQ Wrong picture, the lining of my leather wallet has bright orange plasticky covering The outside of the wallet I received is exactly the same but the inside has a bright orange lining that stands out and makes me look cheap. I like the vintage look in the photos and ordered for one but was just hugely disappointed at the ridiculous inner color. Very gaudy, can't open it in front of others. I stopped using this after the first week, now I don't even know where it is.
B006OB62PQ Decent wallet, tight squeeze I bought this product because it was the closest thing I could find to my current wallet.-Trifold-6 total card slots, 3 on each end flap-2 hidden slots, 1 behind each set of 3 card slots-1 ID slot in middle w/ finger hole (orange material behind plastic shield), no hidden slot behind ID window-Bill divider for reciepts/cash-Divider material and walls of bill compartment is orange-Additional plastic picture inserts comes with wallet (holds up to 8 pictures if you go front to back)Overall I like the design and layout of the wallet, otherwise I wouldn't have bought it... The 6 card slots on the ends are VERY TIGHT getting your plastic cards into. I actually thought I was going to snap or severly bend one trying to jam it in there. Eventually I ended up getting the card into all 6 which somewhat loosened them up. Cards fit easier now... You could fit two into each slot but it's very tight removing them. Other than that it seems like a pretty good wallet I'll give it a week or two before either sticking with it permanently or going back to the old one. Hopefully this review helps.
B006OB62PQ Timberland deep cognac buff apache trifold leather wallet Its a little thick because its a trifold but it does have a lot of card inserts if you need it.  I like this wallet because I can put bills on both sides when it is opened.  I got one complement on this wallet but if don't want a wallet that is thick when it is folded then this is not for you.
B006OB62PQ Wallet The wallet exceeded my expectations. It is top quality, extremely well made. Convenient and just perfect for my needs. I was very impressed; kudos to Timberland.
B006OB62PQ Looks great but Timberland needs to go out a measure a few credit cards... I love the look of this wallet (the color is slightly better in the picture but it looks good) but the little pockets they include to hold credit cards are maddeningly small...I carry a lot of cards (ATM, insurance, business cards, etc) and I have to believe that nobody at Timberland ever actually tried to put a credit card in one of these...A few times I've come close to snapping a card in half trying to jam even a single card into one of the slotted pockets - I'll say that it has gotten slightly better as it becomes more broken in and I hope it'll loosen up even more.  I was really tempted to give this less stars but it's a great looking wallet, seems well-made, and compared to my last wallet (where my money and cards would regularly fly out all over the place if I didn't remove it carefully from my pocket) this is a big improvement.
B006OB62PQ Credit Card slots are Very Tight !! The slots for credit cards are VERY VERY Tight, you could easily bend or break a credit card trying to get them in or out of the slots.After several days using this wallet the slots remained so tight that I finally gave up and bought another wallet.Very disappointed in Timberland which usually makes quality products.
B006OB62PQ Works great My husband loves his new wallet. He likes that there are two pockets where the money goes so he can separate receipts and his cash. It has taken a little bit to get the cards in and out but that is not bad as I would hate to see it to loose and lose the cards. We would recommend this product.
B006OB62PQ Great wallet It's a great looking wallet, the only complaint I have is that a typical credit card doesn't fit into the slots right away, they're a little tight. It's still a great wallet
B006OB62PQ Good wallet Desperately needed to replace my old wallet and this Timberland filled the bill nicely.Card pockets are very snug but it does hold quite a bit.
B006OB62PQ Not Roomy I expected to at least be able to place my business cards and credit cards in this wallet.  The pocket space is so tight I swear you have to lube it up to get in...
B006OB62PQ Good Value in a High Quality Wallet This wallet has pretty much the typical tri-fold configuration. It's almost exactly the same size as my trusty old Kenneth Cole Reaction tri-fold but with softer leather and an extra currency compartment. It has the usual high quality you find in most Timberland products.
B006OB62PQ Great Wallet I bought this wallet for my husband for Valentine's Day, and he really liked it. I was very happy with this product!!!
B006ZITF7U nice shoe I buy this wallet for my wife as a gift. My wife love it so much. Perfect looking and Quality.
B00712XLLA Good wallet Nice wallet, doesn't have the opening in it like most do which is good because it's safer and keeps money inside.
B00712XLLA Great wallet In fact, I think the wallet is better that the images. 100% recommended. excellent quality and price. Well no more.
B00712XLLA Timberland Slim Wallet I love this wallet.  It was for my 17 year old who does not have a lot to put in it and it has just what he needs.  A lot of the other wallets have too many compartments for someone who does not need much space. It is slim and good quality.
B00712XLLA Truly is slim! Gave this as a gift for my partner who wanted a small/slim wallet. After doing a lot of searching and reading reviews decided on this one. The quality is decent and the leather ok. Honestly doesnl't look like it will hold up that long but will see.
B00712XLLA Timberland wallet. Great wallet. It is very rugged, durable. I believe I will have this walet for years to come. I will try other Timberland products.
B00712XLLA This is it FINALLY. A slim, leather wallet that isn't $90. It's precisely what I was looking for, with no gimmicks, no cheap quality, and feels great.
B00712XLLA Too small Barely fits three credit cards. Nicely made but for who? Hard to tell the size from pictures. Why make a wallet that's barely larger than  a dollar bill?
B00712XLLA Bought two! I purchased this wallet for my son and my husband wanted one as well. They both love the thin design and the ability to store all the cards and money they need.
B00712XLLA Good Quality Wallet Timberland's non-boot wares doesn't seem to take a lot of mindspace.  I do not have any comparison to the current top rated wallet to compare.However, I can say comapared to my old one, it feels nice.  It's slimness was satisfactory, but unlike my previous slim wallet, I think this one feels better quality.That said, its biggest weakness is that it only hold a few cards.  I have to make some compromises.  This can be viewed that I wanted to carry too many cards and in a certain way rather than the wallet have too low of a capacity (still have like 10 cards in my wallet, with some money).
B007597TP8 Great Wallet I ordered this wallet as a present for my boyfriend. But when it was first sent to my place, someone stole it.  I called Amazon, and they said they would send an email on my behalf to the company from which made my wallet. So to make a long story short, the wallet company said that I would wait longer because I would need to fill out an insurance claim. I was not happy. And I already told my boyfriend that I had a surprise for him on that week.  Thank God for Amazon!!! I told them what happened,  and they fixed my problem right away. I even got a refund. :-) Love Amazon. ..... but not this wallet company.
B007597TP8 A beautiful Wallet The wallet is high quality and beautiful, otherwise it's a great price. And Timberland is a very trust brand in my heart.
B007597TP8 Timberland worth the trust Wallet at good quality and style, simplest and concise, just right for a man's wallet. I love it as a gift for nephew's birthday
B007597TP8 Good quality but bulky Quality is great but it's a huge wallet -- very conspicuous.  My aunt said it reminded her of George's exploding wallet on Seinfeld.
B007597TP8 Great wallet For the price of 18 dollars this is great.  Leather is decent quality fits everything great, not too bulky.  Overall cant complain
B007597TP8 great wallet for any man. very well made. the price was great. it was appreciated by the person i gave it to. he is usually hard to please.
B007597TP8 Good I love this wallet. I see this is the most beautiful wallet and the metal box is for a perfect gift
B007597TP8 Such a ideal wallet to have for a man Very elegant and conservative. Easy to handle and fits well in any pants pocket. My guy definitely recommends this wallet to all his friends and male relatives.
B007597TP8 Quality wallet at a great price The wallet is high quality and was packaged well and shipped promptly.  It was a gift for my son, who was very impressed with the wallet.
B007597TP8 A good style, good quality This wallet is OK, but the only problem is, money put in a slightly smaller&#65292;So give four points&#12290;It is strongly recommended
B0075D1LHQ expected better ibettering bought this for my husband whose wallet was literally falling apart. I had high expectations from Timberland So I have to say this didn't meet them. the leather quality is nice, but even with very little items in the wallet it seems bulky and doesn't lay flat, it's constantly trying to &#34;open up.&#34; it's been a few months now and it has softened up some but not enough to make it a comfortable wallet, even after being stuffed in jeans pockets on a daily basis.
B0075D5HI0 Excellant all around wallet. Excellent all around business and casual wallet. I buy a new wallet about every ten years and look for something I think will last. The is one of the best quality pieces I bought. It'll go for many years.
B0075D5HI0 Nice, but a little small It seemed that when the contents of my husband's old wallet was transferred into this wallet, the new wallet seems kind of tight and full.  So perhaps it's a little smaller than he would've liked it to be.  But it is a nice wallet.
B0075D6388 Good Wallet This wallet holds all of the cards that I need, about 10, comfortably without the worry of them falling out.  It is a good wallet for the price.
B007G4VCFK Poor wallet The Zipper was improperly sewn into the wallet - when it is unzipped, the wallet will not fully open.  Only a matter of time before the teeth are ripped out.  Perhaps someone will read this and either provide a refund or a wallet that passed the QC inspection.
B007G4VCFK Great for not wanting to lose anything This wallet definitely serves its purpose while deployed. having the zipper only makes sure you don't lose those things you stuff into your wallet and fall out unexpectedly. very durable and love the  look and feel!
B007G4VCFK used and scratched Very rarely do I give bad reviews but this products came in a nice cardboard box but upon opening it the wallet is scratched and marked, looks used!!!!
B007G4VCFK Great Wallet Wallet is great!  This has a full-sized bill holder.Seems too small on first glance, but leather stretches.Had it a few months now... and wallet is holding up great!Zipper is really luxurious... nothing ever falls out, and its really fast to pull out and unzip.
B007G4VCFK Only lasted one week... Purchased this wallet on the 8th, arrived within two days and the zipper pull broke off the third day I used it. My last wallet lasted 8 years. For me the space is sufficient (altho a little tight in the currency slot) so the wallet was not over-filled. The leather pull just came off (fell on the floor) when I took the wallet out of my pocket! When looking at a replacement I had trouble deciding with selections on Amazon so I bought a Fossil wallet elsewhere... Amazon quickly refunded my money.
B007G4VCFK Holds more than you would think I was looking for a compact wallet with a zipper so I could carry just a few things in a jacket pocket.This wallet has two slots for credit cards and one slot for a drivers license.  I wanted to see if I could carry more credit cards, so I placed about 11 currency bills inside the money slot and then added 4 credit cards in with the money. I zipped the wallet closed and found the wallet was still very much flat.  So, you could probably carry six or eight credit cards in with your money depending on how much currency you have.  Obviously, more currency means less room for credit cards. So if you like this wallet but are reluctant to buy it because you need to carry more than just two credit cards, then you might consider the purchase as long as you're okay with carrying those extra cards in with your money.On the negative side, the wallet is rather expensive at $50.00.  There are cheaper wallets available and most of them have more slots for credit cards.The zipper teeth look like they are made of brass while the zipper puller is clearly silver.  It's not that noticeable but if you're picky, it might make a difference.  The zipper teeth have a golden tint, but the zipper puller part is silver.Also, the stitching holding the leather to the zipper is white and clearly visible so the wallet has a very casual look.
B007G4VCFK Great feeling wallet just a bit small I purchased this wallet for my father. It felt and looked great. Solid material and has lasted the months he's had it. The only problem he had was that the wallet was smaller than the average wallet and he could'nt fit all his things from his old wallet into the new one.
B007G4VCFK Tmberland men's Zip around wallet I brought last year for a christmas gift for my boy friend and he's still is using it.  It's holding up to Timberland reputatuion for durability.  Plenty room for credit cards, money.Sweet D
B007G4VCFK Great Men's Wallet. The wallet is perfect for those who are afraid of having their cards dropped out. Although my first impression was that it was a small wallet, it allowed my dad to only carry important cards and things he would need. The zipper is really sturdy and the outside feels and looks great. By far the best looking zipper wallet I have ever seen. Well worth it.
B007G4VCFK i love it very strong comfortable to keep in pocket have space to keep every little thing u want to carry around in a wallet
B007G4VCFU Not happy Wallet itself is not bad but it came with bunch of scratches and a big round mark made by some kind of piece of blue play dough that they put in a box. I don't know what that thing supposed to do...hold the wallet in a box???I ordered that wallet as a Christmas gift for my brother in law. The wallet came just a few days before Christmas so we didn't have time to return it and get a new one but I'm definitely not happy.
B007G4VCFU It really holds money And the cards, it holds them too! I put the money in there, and it's still in there when I take the wallet out. Unless I'm drinking, then it's not there anymore.
B007G4VCFU Better than the pictures Just received my wallet and can't be more pleased. Many compartments plus an removable ID section and not at all bulky. It did come with some marks on the outside of the leather but this is due to the softness of the leather and does not distract from the wallet.
B007G4VCFU A wallet that I enjoy This wallet makes me feel burly.  It's manly in a going to see a man about a horse sort of way.  It holds a bunch of stuff too.  Git after it.
B007G4VCFU You will love it if it suite you This review is done after about 6 months of usage (has been using it since Aug 2013).The leather is a scratch magnet and change color (patina or something do you call it?), and take in some patches of blue shade from my jeans at corners.  I love it though, which build the characteristic of MY wallet.Very obvious this is not for those who want their wallet to be as new and in pristine condition.Besides the leather surface nature, some other features that of this wallet you might want to take note of:- no zip/coin compartment- the small pocket stitched at the notes divider looks rather fragile, I dont use it so can't comment how durable it is, but the stich on the plastic divider looks a joke to me, seems to break during the first use (I might be wrong though)- about 7 or 8 credit cards max for the wallet to keep slim
B007G4VCFU Nice wallet. I buy this wallet for my dad. He loves classic wallets.I think this big classic wallet, but it's smaller that I imagine.In the end, my father liked it very much.
B007G4VCFU Not what it appeared Wanted a three part wallet and this looked like it but was not so I am not happy and gave it away
B007G4VE30 Keeps money safely zipped in! You won't lose money in this wallet with its heavy zipper that keeps valuables inside! Nice looking and very durable!
B007G4VE30 It's A Gift My husband absolutely love the wallet.  It's stylist, yet practical.  It is able to hold everything he needs.  He has said to me several times, &#34;I really like this wallet.&#34;  I must tell u that's rare for him.  I love that it is green.  That was key in my purchasing this gift for him.  You have a customer!
B007G4VE30 Zip Wallet I had brought my husband a zip wallet before but the zipper did not hold up , plus would not hold many things. This wallet has a very good zipper and it holds a lot more than the one he had before.The quality of the wallet is very good.
B007G4VE30 Timberland Men's Block Island Zip Around Wallet I could not use this wallet because it is too small to hold all the cards that I carry.  I sent it back.It is a nice looking wallet and appears to be good quality.  If it were large enough I would have kept it and probably been happy with it.  Just not practifcal for me.
B007G4VE30 Great quality zip around wallet ! this is a great quality product. Super soft leather, great stiching, and really nice zipper.  The only drawback, like with other zip around wallets, is not much storage slots.  but unlike some zip arounds, the money compartment is big enough so that your bills don't hang out.  The size is a little smaller than a regular wallet, so it will fit all pockets.  I have my DL, 3 credit cards ( two in one slot ) and other misc. cards and papers stashed in there, and I have no trouble closing or opening wallet, and it doesn't feel like it's overpacked.  I really like it, and think anyone who doesn't need to carry a ton of stuff will too.
B007G4VE30 Love this wallet I bought this for my son and I know that he will love it just as much as I do.
B007G4VE30 great but not perfect I'm very happy with my purchase!!Pros:1. fits perfectly in the pocket. This wallet is very compact2. The zipper is great!! It keeps the money + cards secure..and the zipper is the primary reason why i bought this wallet.3. The quality is great!Cons:No separate slot for coins. This does not bother me..but for folks who love carrying coins in their wallets..this is not the right wallet.In short, if you need a stylish, compact and secure wallet for carrying your cards and notes, this is a great choice.
B007G4VE30 Satisfactory Nice wallet. However, It became this bulky brick once the transfer of all my credit cards and other misc. from my old wallet was completed. I hate the feel of something bulging through one of my pant pockets. Hopefully, the leather stiffness will give a little and might make it a little more comfortable to stick into my pocket. The leather is real smooth and sturdy. Handsome to look at, but uncomfortable in a back pocket.
B007G4VE30 Great Wallet As long as you only need to carry 3-4 credit cards and a few other documents + license, this is a perfect wallet,  well made, looks good, soft smooth leather. Currency (bills) fit good, which is seems to be a problem with some zipper wallets. Price is a bit high, nonetheless, I recommend this wallet.  Delivery was a day early, btw.
B007G4VE30 Great zip wallet! My husband is very pleased with his new zip wallet. Heavy duty zipper. Did find room for all cards etc.
B007G4VF52 Almost...*sigh* This wallet is extremely well made. The leather is very nice and all of the finishing are great. The arrangement of the pockets is great and is the main reason I bought the wallet. It has a ID window on the left. In the center it has three vertical credit card slots as well as a horizontal secret pocket behind the three vertical slots. On the right there are three horizontal slots the last of which I consider a secret pocket because it completely covers up a credit card.The problem, it's too small. I'm not being picky, it's laterally too small. You have to squeeze every single card into their respective slots even if you only have one card in the entire wallet you still have to force it in. This is a major problem because it makes this awesome wallet useless.To give you a better idea, you can only fit two standard business cards into any slot, because anymore than two would be too thick and they would get stuck inside of the slot (if you even manage to force them in there in the first place). Imagine trying to pull out your business card to give you an attract woman or a potential business partner and not being able to get it out and even if you do it's all mangled because of how it was forced into a tiny slot to begin with, embarrassing.I am so extremely disappointed with this wallet because everything about it is perfect except for its functionality. At the end of the day, if you can't use it nothing else matters.
B007G4VF52 NIce wallet but does not hold enough credit cards The wallet looked good but because of the decorative stitching around the outside the pockets for credit cards were too narrow.  The wallet would not hold the number of credit cards, driver's license, medicare card, work ID cards, etc. that I typically carry with me. Because of this capacity issue I was forced to return it.  If it had been about an eight of an inch wider it would have worked fine.  If you only carry a Driver's license and one or two credit cards it will probably work for you.
B007G4VKI4 Very good quality Good quality, well built. I would buy it again if I needed anouther wallet. Leather is very soft. Love it
B007G4VKI4 like this wallet I'be purchased lots of wallets in the past,, and personally I think this wallet is a great buy. The material feels very soft, its a pleasure to pull this wallet during each purchase I make. Good quality, good price that I believe I made a good purchase on. 5 stars..
B007G4VKI4 superb quality timberland products are known for their quality. So glad to get this at a discounted price at amazon. A trifold wallet like this holds lots without the bulk! Definitely a great buy!
B007G4VKI4 Well Made and Pocket Friendly Wallet is softer than I expected which makes it fit my back pocket very well. It needed no 'breaking in.' Time will tell if the stitching holds up. I expect 10+ years out of a decent wallet in this price range. Here's hoping!
B007G4VKI4 Needed a new wallet This wallet is great! It is a very soft leather and can hold all the cards that I need it to. Also it looks very nice.
B007G4VKI4 Very nice wallet Pleasant surprise for the price--excellent quality, purchased as a present for my brother who didn't want anything too bulky or cumbersome.  It's perfect!
B007G4VKI4 A great trifold I needed a new wallet, old one fell apart and then I stumbled upon this one and its works great!
B007G4VKI4 Wallet My boyfriend loves it!  It is great quality and it looks amazing; I could not have been more satisfied with this product.
B007G4VKI4 Excellent wallet The material and construction are first rate. At $30, it is hard to beat the value of this wallet and I have owned some very good ones from Victorinox and Mont Blanc.
B007G4VKI4 great wallet This wallet is just what I was looking for.  I feels not so balky, but yet I can put a lot of cards and bills in it.  Thank you
B007G4VKI4 Really nice My husband has been needing a new wallet but he always hates the 'breaking in' period with new leather.  I read other reviews that the leather with this wallet was very soft so decided to give it a try.  I've had Timberland shoes in the past and they were really high quality and wanted a trusted brand that I hoped would last.  I was very happy when I received this that it's true to the hype.  The wallet is buttery soft and looks great.  I can't wait to give this to my husband for Valentine's Day.
B007G4VKI4 great wallet soft,slim,and stylishlove itit smell not so good at first,but it isn't a big deal.just carry it every day.
B007G4VKI4 Timberland Wallet I gave this to my husbank for Christmas.  He likes it very much.  It has lots of slots for all his cards.  I would recommend this wallet to anyone.
B007G4VKI4 boyfriend loved it I got this to replace his old wallet that he'd had since HIGH SCHOOL! I knew it had to be perfect in order to give up his old one that he loved so much, and it did the trick. I choose this over others I was considering because of the great reviews, and it did not disappoint. leather is soft and it fits all of his cards
B007G4VKI4 So Soft! That leather is so freakin' soft!  It makes me worried though that it might crackle and deteriorate after awhile.  It's not the same hardy, slick, grain leather that I've used before.  But that's all guesses. I plan on running this thing to the ground, so we'll see how it holds up.Plenty of spots for cards, and even has a divider in the bill area for receipts or whatever which was a nice surprise.  It's about as small as a trifold wallet can possibly be, it's not a large wallet, but I prefer this.
B007G4VKIY Fantastic! Bought this as a Valentine's Day present for my boyfriend.  He had this ratty old wallet and his stuff constantly fell out.  With this, he has room for everything he puts in there and more!  Plus, it's held up pretty well as far as wear and tear goes.
B007G4VKIY great wallet Bought this for my husband and he loves it!  I would definetly reccomend this wallet.  Looks like it was made to last.
B007G4VKIY Great wallet, wish it was just a tad more sturdy I previously used a thin clip-type wallet, but due to a my need to carry around more ID cards, I had to get one that efficiently fit all of my cards. This works well to that end. There are three ID window slots, though this is also the source of my knocking one star off it's rating. I wish the ID window insert was more sturdy and basically sewn into the wallet, rather than be removable. Other than this, it's a great wallet. It even has a nice pouch in one of the bill slots that you can put loyalty cards or receipts into.
B007G4VKIY Well made wallet Stitching looks like it will hold up for a long time. Don't expect to replace this wallet for years. More comfortable and roomy than my previous tri-fold.
B007G4VKIY Good wallet! The leather quality is good. The workmanship is also elegant! I like this brown color type. The pity is that its size is a little bit small and compact but still can be accepted.
B007G4VKIY Fantastic After removing the 'picture' insert, the wallet is slim with the perfect # of clear ID windows, card slots and money slots. Feels good, looks good. Would definitely buy again.
B007G4VKIY Supple, soft and sophisticated I have generally always been satisfied with the quality from Timberland, they did a great job on this wallet too. It is soft yet sturdy and has the right amount of room to keep what I need in it. I looks good but is not particularly eye catching, just right for a professional person that wants a good wallet for a reasonable price.
B007G4VKJS as advertised replaced similar timberland wallet.. wantd one just like old one.. found this to be better yet..with an additional area to keep your cards in ..
B007G4VKJS It's right and wrong The wallet is just about the correct size I was looking for. I use to have a Coach wallet years ago but is no longer made so thiis takes its place. The leather seems thin and its quite slippery. Also, the pocket are very tight. I had to jam my license and credit card into them with a lot of force. It will have to do.
B007G4VKJS Nice! Chose rating because for my personal use the bi-fold wallet is not too bulky in the pocket and houses everyday items nice and slim.  Separate bill pockets are perfect for someone overseas, which allows foreign currency separation.  Would recommend this product to all bi-fold wallet loves.
B007G4VLWO Perfect wallet! I got this for my boyfriend and he loves it! It is nice quality leather, and hads a removable ID card holder for taking something smaller out. Highly reconmended
B007G4VLWO Timberland wallet A nice quality wallet. The only problem with it is it has too few places for your credit and grocery cards etc and for your pictures and other IDs you need to carry now a days. Discription of the wallet should have been more clear. Had it been, I would not have purchsed it.
B007G4VLWO Good It's a good wallet. It has good quality, but I thought wallet is bigger. However if you find not big wallet the Timberland Men's Hookset Passcase Wallet is very good choice.I recommend it.
B007G4VLWO Great Wallet Got this wallet for my boyfriend and like all Timberland products, does not disapoint. Great quality. Nice that it didn't have the typical leather wrinkles, made it look sharper. Super soft with decent compartments for cards and such. Really liked it!!
B007G4VMYQ perfect i was looking for a wallet with a low profile a money clip and that still flipped but was still small enough to fit in my front pocket... this does all of that...
B007G4VMYQ Awesome Wallet Just received this product and could not be happier with it.It maybe a little big for a proper "front pocket" wallet but only time will tell. From a quality point of view I couldn't ask for more and would recommend this item to anybody looking for a top notch wallet with a built in money clip. That is as long as size is not a deal breaker.
B007G4VMZK Absolutely love it It's personally just enough wallet with out the cruft. The quality is a very high value, it has a handmade feel to it.
B007G4VPNY Not able to accomodate some cards,ID's and photos The wallet was supposed to be oversized so my medical cards and id's would fit. Not so, It also wasn't able to hold all the items from my other tri-fold wallet.
B007G4VPNY GREAT WALLET Love the soft leather. My husband is very pleased w it. Will continue to stay with Timberland. I recommend this wallet if you're looking for good quality.
B007G4VPNY Too short on space, too long on price If you have more than eight cards to put in this wallet, you're out of luck. (I have 24.) And even eight will barely fit, if they'll fit at all. This wallet is over-priced and under-sized. Not remotely worth it. Very disappointed.
B007G4VPNY Timberland is always great This wallet is so strong, I thought i needed to purchase an iron wallet for my husband but this sure is doing the job, thanks for quality Timberland.
B007G4VPNY Timberland Men's Mt. Washingtontrifold Wallet, Gold, One Size I love this wallet. It holds everything I need, It fits in my back pocket and it looks GREAT! in the light tan color!
B007G4VPNY Nice But Nice wallet, good design, good material, looks good. but in my concept it too small. I prefer wallets a little bigger.
B007G4VPNY Rugged Looking Wallet Nice wallet. I chose it because it had two bill compartments, and the back compartment has a card slot/pocket too. One thing to note is that my credit cards fit rather tight... just the exact size... and anything a bit bigger will most likely not fit the card slots. In any case, it worked for me. The leather does scratch easily from fingernails or whatever... not tear or rip, but any mark can be very visible. You'll have to buff it to make the scratches disappear. Overall, it is a handsome wallet, and is well made.
B007G4VPNY Awesome wallet. Nice leather, but leaves scratches. Thin. Well stitched.Good intermeddle in pocket. I thought it's big, but it was small. I little disappointed, but then got used, and I can not imagine any other wallet.
B007G4VPNY Well Made This leather wallet is well made out of very nice materials. It should last a long time with a minimal amount of wear.
B007G4VPNY Excellent Wallet seems well built, is relatively thin for a trifold that fits so much, and looks very nice! My old Timberland wallet lasted more than 5 years before the stitching around the ID card frayed and I hope this one lasts just as long.
B007G4VPNY Excellent Wallet I love this wallet.  It holds everything I need, It fits in my back pocket and it looks GREAT! in the light tan color!
B007G4VPNY Manly wallet Great wallet , strong and looks cool. Seems like it will last long from the looks of the craftsmanship. WORTH IT!!!!!
B007G4VR82 Good Quality Wallet I've only had this wallet for about a week, but so far so good! Nice leather makes a solid item that hasn't frayed or started to fall apart as other wallets do. Keeping it in my front pocket is already making my back feel better and I notice that I carry a lot less useless stuff around with me because of it! Great deal!
B007G4VR82 Very Pleased I have issues with my hips and sitting on a wallet just isn't pleasant for me. This was holy just enough cards and cash to get me by, clips inside of my front pocket very strong clasp. Very pleased with my purchase.
B007G4VR82 Slim and practical It's nice because it's not bulky at all like other wallets. I the money clip is solid, and and it has enough pockets for all of my stuff. I don't know about you but I like to carry the bare essentials with me; I don't think I'll be needing every credit card or every loyalty program card so I just bring my a few cards and some cash and it works out well. I'm guessing it's designed not to carry a ton of things but I definitely have room to spare in it. The leather does scratch easy but the scratches go away easily. I wanted a thin, sturdy wallet that might look worn over the years and this does the trick exceptionally well.
B007G4VR82 GREAT ITEM (NEED TO ADJUST) Okay, I got this nice looking front pocket wallet about a month ago, and it is exactly what I wanted.  Works great!!!  Fits two credit cards, a cash card, and two licenses.  Clips money on too, but I don't use that.  I grew up in NYC and every guy knows, or should know, that that back pocket wallet is vulnerable to theft in any situation with crowds of people.  That's the reason I have always kept my cash in my left front pocket and my big fat wallet in my left hip pocket.  They either get the credit card or the cash, but probably not both.  I still cringe when I see some guy whip out his wallet and extract bills from the slot.  One swipe and there goes everything!!!  Anyway, this little item obviates the need for the fat and getting fatter hip and/or billfold wallet.  I leave all the excess stuff of no intrinsic value in the big fat wallet in the car.  Everything of value is in my front pockets, a much more secure and safe position.  Just one problem.....I have been sitting on or feeling that big fat wallet on my left rear for more than fifty years.  Feels like something is amiss.  Maybe I just miss the discomfort, but old habits can be hard to break.  However, I'm not going back to the old way.And by the way, this item doesn't have a clear ID slot, and it is not needed.  If you are at the airport, your license has to come out.  If the police stop you, your license has to come out.  The middle slot works just fine for that.
B007G4VR82 Great Wallet Love the design of this wallet. It's very sleek but if you need it to hold a bunch of cards, it can do it. Love the different card slot positions. Overall, a very well thought out wallet that I hope lasts several years.
B007G4VR82 It is a good money clip This is a good money clip that doubles as a credit card carrier.  I normally only carry it and leave my wallet at home.  I have two credit cards, two ID cards in the clip in addition to and my money.  My fingers are large and I had to learn how to fish the cards out.
B007G4VR82 Front Pocket Wallet is awesome I love it.  I was having some back/hip tightness, so having my wallet in my back pants pocket all day was really causing problems.  I bought this front pocket wallet as a solution and it has helped so much!  I love it.  I will never wear a wallet in my back pocket again.
B007G4VR82 Very nice wallet Very nice and handy wallet, great design , slim and tiny in size , recommended for a casual guy who wants something fancy
B007G4VR82 I love it This wallet is awesome has four separate compartments each can hold three credit cards or ID's and plenty of room in the money clip
B007G4VR82 Fits my needs I had been looking into traditional/backpocket wallet alternatives for a while before I settled on this front pocket wallet from Timberland.  It fits my 9 cards comfortably and the money clip is pretty low profile, making it comfortable and unobtrusive while in your front pocket.  No more huge wallet in my back pocket!
B007G4VR82 Front pocket wallet This is a nice product the three pockets are great for me. The money clip is good I would recommend this to you if you are looking for a good quality wallet. I would buy this again.
B007G4VR82 Very nice wallet This was a very nice wallet. Good quality leather and nice stitching. I ended up going with something with a few more card slots, but this one was very nice.
B007G4VSB8 Balluster Wallet I am very picky about my wallets. Tri fold wallets are usually too thick and some of the passcase style are too large. I was pleased to see that this wallet was just perfect. Great looking and a nice quality leather also.
B007G4VSDG Just what he needed My husband loved his old wallet he had it for about 8 years it was to the point where the thing was falling apart.Since he is also quiet picky it took me a long time to find the perfect replacement.This wallet is beautiful, and is so well put together. It is a little more glossy than in the picture but that's ok. The inside is orange and since my husband is a big KTM fan that worked out perfectly.The packaging is true to the Timberland brand, however is still nice enough for gift giving.Also if your planning to give this as a gift there is a price tag on the inside where your cash goes (I know I like to remove all price tags myself). There's only one issue and that's the fact that only the card slots in the middle are big enough for business cards,not cool.Overall with all my husband's stuff in it is its still slim and fits nicely into the front or back pocket. Great purchase!
B007G4VSDG great quality wallet Wallet was delivered on time, and was as described by seller. This wallet is extremely well constructed and looks great. All of the slots can accomodate credit cards, but the center slots are a tad wider for this purpose. Overall a great wallet - I'm a happy camper.
B007G4VSDG Leather a bit stiff, but overall okay. Nice looking men's wallet although after a month of use, still waiting for leather to soften. Very compact and has many pockets for cards.
B007G4VTUI Good! Reviews always sell me, this product is somewhat sturdy, the whole reason I got a new wallet was from my old wallet would break any card that was in it. This one works great! Get it... Now!
B007G4VTUI Timberland Mens Wallet When it arrived it looked very cheap and paper thin, when it was fully loaded with all of stuff it looked very cheap but was skinnier than my others, afraid it will fall apart very soon, last wallet was leather everywhere, got spoiled but after 5-6 years it was getting worn.
B007G4VV4C good if you carry a few things we only use our credit cards so this works perfect for my husband but i wouldn't really trust it for carrying cash since it is just a band instead of a hard clip. fits his 2 ID's, 3 cards and a few gift cards easily
B007G4VV4C Awesome! I'm a girl and I wanted a minimalist wallet so I found this. I'm still using it and I still like it!
B007G4VV4C Great wallet. This thing is perfect.  Holds all my cards nice and snug and on the rare occasion that I have cash it's easy to access.  Plus it has a see  through pocket for license.
B007G4VV4C Not bad The wallet is not bad I do like it for every day use but I've seen and had better ones. It's a little bulky and the I.D pocked doesn't seem very secure, my license slides out a little so I get worried it might slip out completely. Overall it's ok for a couple of cards, id and a few bills.
B007G4VV4C Flimsy money band. This is a great wallet only if you don't put a lot of money in the elastic band.After having this wallet for less than a month, the band torn apart and can no longer hold my money.So if you plan to carry like about over 8 bills try another wallet because it won't be able to last.
B007G4VV4C The right one. The small wallet I want. It is elegant and comftable. This is a perfect gift for someone you care, because you will avoid the problems of the big wallets.
B007G4VV4C Great price for a small wallet Husband received this for Xmas and gave it 5 stars. Meets all his expectations.  " Perfect" for someone with little cash on hand. Fits all credits cards nicely with room to spare. Debit cards are the way to go. He will never loose cash again
B007G4VV74 very nice wallet Timberland never ceases to amaze with there awesome designs. Its big wallet, so u can def put what you need into it, def would not recommend to wear in very tight jeans.
B007G4VV74 Not to Shabby So needing a new wallet, i deiced to go with a passcase version. I wanted something durable with a bit of style. And i like it in this wallet. It has more then enough room and slots, easy to handel, not tight, and no cards doubling up. Only complain is that i wish my receipts would fit into it better.
B007G4VV74 Good Wallet Good quality. A little flimsy, but nice pockets for dollars plus an extra pocket for cards in the bills pocket.
B007G4VV74 nice deal Very good deal, for a quality wallet.  Probably the best wallet I have had since I've used wallets!  Will stick to this brand from now on.
B007G4VV74 Timberland Men's Wallet This was a birthday gift for my Husband. He really likes it. The wallet has a pocket behind the currency section for one additional credit card. That is the part that I liked about it. The item arrived on time so I could give him this on his birthday. He has had it for about two weeks and so far it has not fallen apart. I will add to this review in six months or so with a follow up. There are 8 credit card slots and 2 slots for currency and receipts.  This has a double plastic clear id spot, one with a thumb glide. To top this off the wallet is not bulky when you put cards, money, and receipts in it.  So far so good.
B007G4VV74 Timberland Men's Wallet I bought this item for my husband as a gift. Wallet is a good size flexible and plenty of storage place. I would have to say it was a great purchase. Money well spent, my husband love's it and is making good use of it also.
B007G4VV74 great every day wallet holds just enough . but not Bulky to sit on .holds alot of those card you use everyday its a keeper rugged and made right
B007G4VV74 The quality is not good. not worth the money I paid for. The quality is not good. not worth the money I paid for.Inside wallet is lousy.Not recommended to my friends
B007G4VV74 Good Quality My boyfriend loved his wallet. Its nice and strong. You wont be disappointed. I really like the wallet, good brand.
B007G4VW4G Great The wallet is great. Love its slimness. It is still very slim after putting in all my cards and money.
B007G4VW4G It is just what I was looking for as a birthday gift for my husband. My husband's present wallet needed to be replaced and this wallet fits the bill.  I'm sure he will love it.
B007G4VW4G Nice superslim wallet Superslim wallet.worth to money.Pure leather,Great design by Timberland.Nice.will recommend to others.Worth to money.worth to buy.Great!fantastic ..kann.terbaik bohh.alright goodnite
B007V61QDQ Quality wallet Great leather wallet. It doesn't hold as many cards as other wallets but they're tight and secure. Dollars fit fine with extra room so you can just throw them in there. Like all leather wallets its a little slick in the pocket though. I'll miss the security that my previous canvas wallet provided.
B007V61QDQ killer deal This is an amazing deal. I really like this wallet. Genuine leather and very slim. Perfect wallet. Picture seems true to color.
B007V61QDQ Perfect for my need I like small wallets so that I can carry them in my front pocket instead of my rear pocket. This usually meant cheap looking wallets. In contrast, this wallet was small and still very nice. High quality in looks and feel. I'm very satisfied.
B007V61QDQ Great Overall Very pleased with this wallet.  It's slim, well made, attractive, uses good quality leather, and isn't one of those too-tall wallets that make it difficult to fit in a pocket (it's just the right height to hold cash, basically).The color is a bit lighter in person than pictured here, and the card slots are definitely a bit tight to start.  With good leather though, that's a good sign that it will 'break in' to where you want it, rather than getting overly loose with time.I'd recommend using a bit of leather conditioner on this guy to help open up the card slots and bring out a deeper brown from the leather.You'll only be able to fit 1-2 cards into each slot, though the plastic holder on the inner right side does work well for holding extra business cards and IDs.Definitely a recommended buy for a quality, no-frills wallet with a classy, understated look.
B007WTCB9U fancy This is the best wallet I have ever had! I love this damn thing so much, it fits perfect in your pocket and the quality is outstanding!
B007WTCB9U Nice wallet. It's a little tight with the cards but very durable. I have no regrets buying this wallet. I can tell it's going to serve me for a long time.
B007WZSDTQ Great wallet I love it. It is small, comfortable, get everything I need. Credit cards are a bit tight but is not a big deal.The leather is very soft. Comes in recycled paper packaging. The price is very good.
B007WZSDTQ Good wallet For the price, you get a pretty good wallet. The only problem was the sewing was off and the bindings came loose.
B007WZSDXW great minimalist wallett title says it all, I love this minimalist wallet. I keep my 3 most important cards in the slots, and all of my stamp cards at various places slides right underneath in the side pocket. Perfect little wallet, and fits nice and snug in my back pocket!
B0082D7MJY High quality I just got it today, and the leather is a very good quality. It is very comfortable in the front pocket as advertised. I will be using this as my wallet's satellite office, whenever possible.  I can fit my license 2 credit cards and 200 dollars in 20 dollar bills with no problem.
B0082D7MJY Most bestest wallet ever Just buy it.  This thing is super comfortanble and fits my credt cards, identity cards and some bills.  fits your front and bac pocket and color is awesome.Why are you still reading? BUY IT ALREADY!!!
B0082D7MJY Good Quality, perfect pocket size. When i got it out of the box I was a little disappointed about the size but to my surprise when I started passing all my things from my old beat up wallet I was able to get everything inside! It is smaller and more comfortable in my front pocket than my iPhone, I still have to double check everytime I leave my house that i have it with me.It fits 7 credit/check cards, 1 Personal ID, 1 Driver's License, 1 Motorcycle's License, 1 Insurance Card, 1 Costco Card, 10 Business Cards and the money clip holds the bills perfect even if you only have 1 bill in it.  The quality of the leather it perfect!
B0082D7MJY good wallet, except it need a window for your driver license. good wallet, has many pocket for your card, it get alittle tight, But my biggest complaint is that it doesnt have a window pocket for your driver license.I hate going in and draging it out.
B0082D7MQC exact match I was looking for a long time for a wallet that may fit couple of credit cards, couple of notes without folding them, id, metrocard and couple of other tickets and papers and at the same time to be able to fit my pocket. Works great for me.
B008XBJ3E2 Not well made The wallet is not well made. It looks like plastic but it is 'real leather'. Sure it is... I have returned it. I guess I should have expected cheap for the price.
B009W9HGN4 The Timberland Wallet was described as brand new and it even has the original retail price in which is $52.00 and its nice!!!! I recommend this wallet for those looking for a high quality wallet. Cheap and only Amazon can deliver to the promise.
B009W9HGN4 very nice .good wallet i have given it to my brother and it is nice to be a gift.good walletRegardsMuslim Sohaib.
B009W9HQJI perfect front pocket wallet For at least a year I had been wanting to replace a similar wallet that was falling apart after ~10 years of use and was lucky to stumble across this.It stays nice and thin mainly because 3 of the 4 "sides" have one pocket and the 4th has 2. Many similar wallets stack up 2-3 pockets in one spot which can make them end up a bit thicker than this one once fully loaded.Seems to be sturdy as well but time will tell.
B009W9HQJI Good wallet This is good wallet with clip. I like this color and it is convince for you to put both money and cards.
B00A4EPQF6 as described Although I thought I was getting a bigger wallet, it turned out to be as described, and does have a large capacity without being bulky.
B00A4EPQF6 Nice Wallet What can I say. It's a nice wallet. Looks good and functions well. Well made and durable. No issues at all.
B00A4EPQF6 good wallet it is just what I expected to be, good color and good leather. It is not very big, that money bigger than US dollars may not put in. So people using other currency may consider other wallets.
B00A4EPQF6 Good wallet Nice wallet. Looks like it will last for awhile. Good quality. Seems to stay open a little but hopefully with time it will wear.
B00A4EPQF6 good product! The wallet came in earlier than I expected. The material is really good, however, I got slight stain on where I keep my money. But because it cannot be seen when money is being put in, I am fine with it! :)
B00A4EPQF6 Does several different things well Good for managing ID cards, with separate windows for driver's license and work ID/bus pass.Multiple slots for every-day cards (insurance, etc.) with a removable group of clear card-sleeves for the cards you need just sometimes.On the back of the fold-out ID pocket is a nice-sized additional pocket for carrying a few business cards, too (without creasing!).
B00A4EPQF6 well made, attractive wallet Quality construction and materials.  Compartments are well thought out and appropriately sized.  Hopeful this will last longer than the two Fossil wallets that preceded it.
B00A4EPTB2 Slimfold Wallet This wallet was inexpensive, and it shows. It's cheap and flimsy and doesn't hold very much. We went shopping to buy a better wallet at a Coach store. You get what you pay for.
B00A4EPTB2 Very nice leather , smell good. The wallet was a very tight at first, but after applying a thin layer of Vaseline, it loose up a bit and is now perfect. The wallet is beautifully made and smell genuine leather . I expect it last for at least 10 years.
B00A4EPTYO Nice Very good wallet for the price. Nice shade of brown and well made. Not too bulky, definitely on the slimmer side.  Meets my needs.
B00A4EPTYO loveed it got it for my husband for fathers day he loved it because he needed a new one anyways great price and great wallet
B00A4EPTYO A great looking wallet I like the color and the thickness of this wallet.  There's pretty much 2 types of Men wallets, real thin ones and thick ones.  This one is pretty thick and I like that.  Smells really nice as well.
B00AL2OQ16 Nice quality, good price. I bought this as a gift for my son to replace a similar wallet that had worn out.  He was pleased with it.  Nice for a younger guy who wants a wallet with a little character.
B00AL2OQ16 Perfect wallet for me I have been needing a new wallet for a while now so I have done a bit of research. I have bought and sent back a couple testing them. This wallet is just as advertised. I have only had it a few weeks but I absolutely love it.
B00AL2OQ16 One of e best This is one of the best wallets I've seen.  My husband loves it.  The waxed canvas is beautifully smooth.  What a nice texture.  And the smarts of lining the places of the wallet that wear and tear easily with leather makes this wallet one of the best as well as the Eco part which is not using 100% leather.  I bought another one for my father who loves it as well.
B00AL2OQ16 Really like it Slim profile and better for me than an all leather wallet. I have noticed the leather on the edges is rolling a little bit, but all told it is a great wallet.
B00AL2OQ16 Good sturdy wallet I go through wallets at an incredible rate. Most barely last a year. This one seems like it will last longer. It is solid and is showing no signs of wear to this point.
B00AL2OQ16 Perfect for school Perfect for my sons first wallet and 'cool' enough for school. It's masculine without being too old, has enough card holders for his gift cards, and is rugged enough for a teen.
B00AL2OQ16 This is my second Timberland canvas wallet... the first was a black one that I got at Journeys at the mall in college, it lasted me about 7 or 8 years and I only got rid of it becuase I wanted change. This wallet was built to last. I just bought a cheap Van Huessen leather wallet and it started ripping in about two weeks, you will not have that problem with Timberland quality and especially not canvas. This is a great buy!
B00BAZ0Y0K A steal of a deal for the price great price on this wallet, on the inside of case with wallett had the full retail price of 55 dollars I paid 14. Suckers, I would never pay 55 dollars for any wallett. Leather is nice smells good and all the slots are nice and snug for your credit cards
B00BAZ0Y0K good soft This wallet is cheap&#65292;but it feel so good&#65292;so soft&#65292;It&#8216;s OK&#65281;I am very recommended it&#65292;It is a good enough wallet&#65281;U should buy it.
B00BAZ0Y0K Wallet Timberland I opted for a very long time from a lot of purses. Since this thing is needed not only functional it is also an accessory that complements my style. And then I saw the purse Wallet Timberland ... I loved it! Continents, truly masculine style, excellent quality. Looks very compact, with roomy compartments for cards and business cards make wallets even more meaningful. Purse came quickly in the original is even better than the picture. This purse emphasizes my personality. I am very pleased with the choice.
B00BAZ0Y0K BRIGHT ORANGE INSIDE!! The wallet is so nice, but very ugly bright orange inside and this is not shown in the pictures above.
B00BAZ0Y0K not satisfied Received the wallet was wrinkled, indentation, and the edge wrapping the leather is broken, but the wallet is very small, not RMB, is not satisfied.
B00BAZ0Y0K Great Wallett Great wallet - not too fat and very durable. My only wish was that it had a second bill compartment - I like separating my receipts from my cash.I like the pop-up ID holder but this is not removable as with some other wallets. Would not buy again for myself due to my pickiness but I am yet to find the perfect wallet for my needs.
B00BAZ0Y0K Flip up sleeve not removable My fault. I should have paid closer attention to the product description. This wallet has a &#34;flip-up&#34; ID sleeve, but the sleeve is sewn into the wallet. Returned for that reason. Otherwise the wallet looked perfectly nice.But my husband likes to have the bi-fold ID case type pull out &#34;wallet within a wallet&#34; to carry on more formal occasions when I'm carrying a tiny clutch purse!
B00BAZ0Y0K solid and simple I bought this wallet for my husband for a valentine's gift. It has been holding up really well and I like how the leather wears.
B00BAZ0Y0K material is soft This wallet is great and I love it,GOOD QUALITY!!If you are attracted by the picture,just buy it, you won't regret!
B00BLXAU2I Total waste of money This wallet is a lot smaller than it looks. I can't fit all my credit cards in it. I can't even put one normal business card. Total waste of money. Sorry. I'm not happy at all.
B00BLXAU2I Nice wallet I ordered this wallet after I had purchased one in a dept. store that I ended up returning because of poor quality. This wallet is a much better quality than any of the wallets I found in any of my local stores.  I think it will probably last a long time for my husband.  He's pretty hard on things...so that's really saying a lot.
B00BLXJFJM Good Quality, Practical It looks like these are old stock from Timberland, there are even store price tags (MSRP $55!) and a Timberland box inside.  I wasn't sure how good the quality would be before I ordered but was pleased with what I got.  The wallet is soft and seems quite durable so far.  Compared to my old wallet, it is significantly thinner with the same amount of cards and money inside, so I would say it's also practical and well-designed.
B00BLXJFJM Perfect Wallet for a man! This timberland wallet is very nice the leather is great, smells authentic, and the wallet it self looks like it is durable!
B00BLXJFJM GOOD QUALITY AT A FAIR PRICE (BUT THERE IS A CATCH) This is a very nicely made wallet, with mid-90's quality of both stitching and materials, at a very fair price. Hence the four stars. I am not going to use it but it is my fault for not inquiring what &#34;commuter&#34; was standing for: it stands for an extra clear-plastic flap to slip your commuter pass in. I usually use money-clips but whenever I carry wallets I like to keep them thin enough to slip in my back pocket. Just a few paper bills and a couple of credit/ATM cards. Unfortunately, the extra flap makes the wallet too thick for my taste.It is a very good wallet that arrived in a very nice cardboard box. It is a perfect gift for a teenager.I just wish the seller had more photos of it open.
B00BLXJFJM Looks nice Bought it for my boyfriend, and he really likes it! Has a matte-like finish and isn't too fat. Plenty of room for cards/ money. Unfortunately, the flap is attached to the wallet, but I'm pretty sure that he doesn't mind. I think it looks nice either way:]
B00BSK1EX8 GREAT AND FUNCTIONAL WALLET NICE  MATERIALSNICE  DESIGN  (YOU CAN SHOW YOUR ID  SAFE WITHOUT TAKE IT OUT )VERY CONFORTABLE SIZEYOU CAN USE IT FOR  EVERY  PLACE YOU GO
B00BSK1EX8 Happy camper I brought this wallet for my husband a couple of years ago and he fell in love!! I just recently purchased another one cuz his first one was finally falling apart. If your looking for a strong reliable wallet for everyday use you definitely found a winner!!
B00CS5D6WO great wallet good material, quality best, size not bad, color best. all my friends likes  this wallet they also want bought this wallet
B00CS5DC82 THIS IS IT. MANY YEARS AGO MY WIFE GAVE ME A BEAUTIFUL DESIGN NAME BRAND WALLET AND TIME GOES BY IT BECOMES OLD AND NEEDS REPLACEMENT SO WHAT I DID IS STARTING LOOKING FOR REPLACEMENT. I FOUND TIMBERLAND MENS GENUINE LEATHER COMMUTER BI-FOLD WALLET AND ALSO FOUND OTHERS BUT I'VE SO MUCH CONFIDENCE IN TIMBERLAND PRODUCTS I DECIDED TO GO WITH THIS ITEM AND FALL IN LOVE WITH IT, THE SOFTNESS AND THE STYLISH OF IT AT FIRST. IT'S VERYTHING THAT I WANTED IN A WALLET. IT'S AMAZING AND THE PRICE IS TERRIFIC. THANK YOU AMAZON.
B00E3LLQD2 the old There are many scratches the wallet, the skin wrinkles are a little more, compared with the photo far, this is not what I want
B00E3LLQD2 Sad quality. The wallet is falling apart in less than 3 months.The wallet i replace was half the price and was in better condition for over 2 years.Weak.  DO NOT BUY.
B00E3LLQD2 Well Made Basic Wallet This is a high quality thin wallet with plenty of space. There is no coin compartment, if you prefer that feature. It feels strong.
B00E3LLQHI good wallet this is a well built wallet, the leather is tight and will take several days to loosen up so cards can slide in and out of pockets easier.  good quality and looks better in person than the photo.
B00ETPO8BO Excellent for my needs. I was looking for something between a std money clip and a wallet.  After having the product for several months, I can say that it is perfect for my needs.  I carry a drivers lic, a debit card and my Costco membership card as well as cash.  No more bulky wallet and I don't need separate products to carry or worry about forgetting.  I also did not like sitting on a wallet.  This clip fits comfortably in a front pocket.  A very successful purchase.
B00ETPO8BO Great Wallet! Absolutely love this front pocket/slim wallet! It gets rid of all the annoying bulk a traditional wallet adds while giving you style. I currently hold 10 cards (from credit/debit to membership cards and insurance) and random amounts of cash. This wallet holds up to the test and it has met all of my needs. Highly recommended! Especially if you wear business attire
B00ETPO8BO Great design - almost the perfect wallet for me. Great design.  Would be 6 stars (for me) if middle pocket was on the long side, though.  This is just a personal preference and I knew what I was getting when ordered.
B00FJ1TT66 Good purchase This is a nice sturdy wallet which has plenty of room. I don't usually carry cash, but it has good slots for holding cards and makes flashing identification easy.
B00FJ1TT66 Nice well made wallet Layout is nice with easy access to ID and cards. Lots of room for cards and large opening for bills.
B00FJ1TT66 Fantastic wallet This is the second one I have owned (first one lasted me 5 years) made of good quality and holds a lot of cards. As a blue collar worker I have to have a lot of certifications on me at all times like. All of them fit in my wallet along with all my credit cards and things of that nature I highly recommend this wallet
B00FJ1TT66 Nice wallet Well I got this as a lightning deal.  Here's the news:  The leather is really soft.  Also, I wanted something that was not so honking thick in my pocket.  This wallet is a lot thinner than the one I had.  Still, it has room for all my cards I have at least 10 in it plus my ID and some cash.  Also nice - it has a roomy ID pocket so I can actually get the thing out if I need to.  Finally, when first folded open it also has one easy slot on the left that is readily accessed.  I keep my gym card there since that has to come out every time I go.Oh and it came in a nice metal box.  Since I got it for myself that didn't help me much but as a gift I am sure it would be great.In total this is a really nice wallet, soft and thin yet plenty of room for several cards.
B00FJ1TT66 Men's Wallet Purchased as a gift and the recipient seemed to like it&#8230; Looked good in the box and the packaging was secure.
B00FKL809M Very nice and functional My boyfriend loves this Wallet.It is great quality and very functional and that for a very reasonable price.It lasts a long time, this is the second one we purchased.
B00FKL8CBI Original, high quality material and genuine leather Very good wallet and good price , soft material, take a lot of cards and good looking ,I advice it .
B00FKL8CBI Leather too thick The wallet is too thick when folded to fit in men's pants pockets.  The craftsmanship is acceptable.  The color and finish are good.
B00FKL8DB2 Absolute Steal! Got this for my Boyfriend for Christmas. He was talking about getting a new wallet that has two bill compartments to keep receipts and cash separated (which is a very handy feature for someone like him!) All the wallets I looked at before were pompous designer brands that would prove to be a waste of money and definitely not hold up to his rough and rowdy work/life style. In search of something more durable I came across this wallet by accident. It had a promising description, and despite having no reviews, seemed like a much more reliable option than the $10 alternative with a bunch of mediocre reviews. When it came in the mail this morning I opened it to inspect it and WOWZA! Thick quality leather with strong stitching, not too thick or bulky, perfect tri-fold with two bill pockets! It's perfect as is but once it stretches and breaks in I know it will be perfect for him! I can't wait to see his face when he opens the tin next week!
B00FW6OW38 The best wallet that I've ever had I bought this wallet four years ago at a Timberland Factory Store. It was great when I bought it, and continues to be. The leather just looks better and better the older it gets and the stitching is holding up perfectly.This wallet is the perfect size for 8 cards upfront and a few hidden inside. It has two bill compartments, and seems to contract back to original size after you stretch it out. I usually don't carry too much cash, but if for a trip or something I stretch it out with a lot of bills, it quickly returns to its original size soon after the money is out of it. Same thing with the card holders.This is a great wallet. I highly recommend that you buy it.
B00GKGGS0Y Excellent Wallet This is a replacement for my old wallet which lasted for 8 years of daily use. The wallte was just what I expected.The leather is very nice and is very well assembled. I would recommend this trifold wallet.
B00GKGGS0Y No complaints. I have had this wallet for about 6 months. I picked it up on the cheap at a discount store on a whim and am very happy with it. It is very sturdy and broke in very nicely.
B00GKGGVQK highly recommended Great product. Looks great and has tons of slots  for cards. Great value for the money. I highly recommend for those needing a great wallet.
B00GKGGVTW This wallet is very good I bought a black wallet, this wallet is fine, there is a little tight, but I still like it.Go out or travel can be used.
B00GKGGXJA Great This one is much easier to carry, and I actually do not need a wallet to carry that many cards. So this one fits me great.
B00GKGGZQ6 great wallet This wallet is just the right size.  It's thin but still has plenty of slots for credit cards.  It also.has a nice see through pouch for you licence.  I would recommend this to anyone looking to slim down their wallet.
B00GKGGZQ6 Failure design This wallet has a fatal failure design issue that the pouch (the one supposed to hold some cash) has a opening direction down to the feet. This means whatever you put in the pouch can easily drop off when you wear the wallet. I don't understand what was in the mind of the designer and don't have any idea how I can make any use of the pouch.
B00H57Y77S Great wallet minus the sudden color fade Great wallet, heavy duty and it hasn't fallen apart on me yet (2 months). Just don't over pack your wallet.Only con: leather finish will wear down on some edges. Easy fix: brown shoe polish and some elbow grease.
B00H57Y9TE Small but great Let me start out by saying that this wallet is pretty great. At first the pockets seemed a little small and while there are three pockets on each side you can only use two or else you wont be able to get something out. That being said, the wallet is still amazing.In mine I can hold my debit card, student ID, drivers license, starbucks gift card, gamestop card, two eagle scout cards, my pharmacy card, and my medical insurance card.Even with money in it it doesnt end up obnoxiously big like other trifolds due. Like all Timberland products the stitching is strong and I'm sure this wallet will last a long time
B00H57YFW0 Love it Got this wallet for my fiancee and he loves it. He says it is made of quality material and has all the space he needs.
B00H57YFW0 great product when I got it I thought that it would be too small because my other one was bigger so when I put everything in it worked well and fills better in my back pocket unlike my old wallet and cant hardly knows that I have it in my pocket I like the wallet and when it wares out I will buy another one cause it fells great and functions great
B00H57YFW0 Satisfied The wallet is really nice and has a lot of room but it scuffs really easily. But it has nice soft leather to make up for it.
B00I4QTI6E Cool color, slightly bulky Good wallet. Good construction. Wish the flip up clear secondary id holder was detachable. Makes the wallet more bulky, but it's not too bad. Happy with it. Like the color a lot.
B00I4QTI6E Too small I love the texture and color of this wallet...but its way too small!  The only thing that comfortably fit in this wallet was my money.  My credit cards did not fit, nor did my pics, nor my business cards.  Did not work for me at all!  Gave the wallet to my son.
B00I4QTJ04 Not bad for a good for value wallet Looks slightly dirty inside but overall condition is acceptable. It also looks decently authentic. Recommend to purchase if you are a Timberland fan.
B00IKTXYE2 Smaller than expected but very well made By the time I transferred my cards, etc from my old wallet, I couldn't get it to close.  The card slots are very tight but I would guess things will limber up with some use.  Very nice and durable leather with good attention to detail.  Very good value.
B00IKTXYE2 nice leather wallet my grandson received this for his birthday and he loves it. it smelled good, looks good. replaced his old raggedy wallet.
B00IKTXYE2 Finally! This wallet is exactly what I was looking for.  The extra capacity was important because the last few attempts at satisfying my husband's requirements fell short.  He has finally replaced his embarrassingly shabby wallet with this one.
B00IKTXYE2 Great! Very strong and durable! Exactly as the picture shows. Minor scratches on the front. Otherwise, I am happy with this wallet!
B00IWAL8MO It's fine wallet It's fine and good quality , hope to be durable , may be little small cause one space only for money
B00IWAL8MO Nice purchase I bought this wallet for my husband and he loved a lot. Simple and just what he need. Very good quality for a nice price. The delivery was very fast. I'm very satisfied.
B00IWAL8MO Timberland Wallet is all it is supposed to be. I got this for my Dad for Father's Day.  He was very pleased with the look and quality of of the wallet.  It has good quality leather and fine stitching.  I have always been impressed by Timberland products, from shoes to wallets so I felt confident in ordering this wallet and having it shipped directly to my Dad.  We were not disappointed.
B00J2HAA2U Nice for the Price Nice inexpensive gift for someone who needs a wallet. It's a bit big, but I guess that's to hold more stuff
B00J2HABXS Heavy Wallet The wallet seems well made. Some comments:  the wallet is thicker than ones I've had in the past, so makes a bigger lump to sit on; also I found the card slots are too tight to fit business cards into - maybe they stretch out some after I load them up with plastic for a while. Over-all I like the quality and would recommend it to others.
