B00009WMIH Lightweight while warm boots This pair of boots is very light in weight and comfortable to wear. Very good for the cold weather. Nice boots. 5 starts
B0000AT8CK Get and stay cold after a while These are well made, sturdy-looking boots. I've only had them for a month, and only time will tell how long they last, hence the sturdy-looking.I wore these boots and went trampling through some snow. Things were great for a while, and my feet stayed warm. However, after half an hour or so, the boots got really cold on the inside. What's worse is that they stayed cold even after I got back to my car and turned on the heat at full blast. It took another half an hour to get them warm again, and my feet were freezing throughout this time.Other than that I have no complaints. They are becoming more comfortable as they get broken in, the leather is becoming nice and supple.
B0000DFAXV My daughter loves these boots! We live in Minneapolis and they have stood up to the brutal winter thus far... they are good for outdoor/indoor wear, not as heavy and hot as winter boots and not as thin and weather permeable as indoor shoes
B000AKVBFI Best shoe ever! The size is what I wear normally.I wear them riding my harley. They're water proof and very comfortable, warm when it is cold and not overly hot when it is warm.
B000B2HQ5O Fabulous boots Every fall/ winter I buy my son a pair of Timberland boots.  The are not only great looking, but comfortable and warm on those cold winter days in the midwest.
B000BB15ZC He likes them a lot These arrived yesterday and he tried them on and said that they are very comfortable although he has not worn them outdoors yet for walking. He has had this brand before and really liked them, also because they are waterproof and warm in colder weather. We walk outdoors in the wintertime a lot and he wanted a warm waterproof boot for winter wear. He also plans to wear them to work because he can wear casual wear at work and these are more comfortable than dress shoes.
B000BB15ZC warm and keep water outside maybe not so warm as a boot, better wear a wool socks if you are walking in snow. very good in outdoor activity.
B000BB15ZC Great fit and warm As my subject says.  These fit great, are very comfortable, and very warm in the snowy months.  Will continue to buy and recommend.
B000BB15ZC Perfect fit, warm and dry I've bought 5-6 pairs of these. They fit me perfectly. Keeps me warm in winter and cool in summer, not drowning in foot sweat. Comfortable, break in in one day. I add some gel insoles but that's just my back. Only complaint is the LACES SUCK. If I get them to last a month that's good. They are the cheapest crappy laces I've seen and for as nice and not-cheap of a boot as these, I expect better. I wind up replacing them with Paracord cut to length. It's not a deal breaker, especially since I can get these boots on Amazon on closeout instead of paying full price. I like my Red Wings for serious work boots, but these are great for daily wear around town.I *will* buy them again, if I can keep finding my size (13M) on closeout price.
B000BB15ZC doesnt keep my feet warm the boot seems to be seperating a bit at the sole and i still have to wear three pairs of socks to keep my feet warm but they are very comfortable boots and fit really well going a half size bigger was the way to go
B000BB15ZC Timberland Men's 18193 Chocorua Gore-Tex Hiker Very comfortable boot. Good footbed and excelent support. A little warm for hot weather hiking, but great for high mountain or cooler temperatures. I'm also using it as my new motorcycle riding boots.
B000BFIHVS Loved these boots Great comfort and feet were warm during the cold weather. Not as heavy as other brands. Water proofing quality is also great. Loving these boots so far.
B000BFIHVS good buy. nice shoes, as expected. I wear it in cold days and it fits me so well and keep my feet warm--though a bit larger but still OK.
B000BFIHVS Rugged and warm I'm the kind of person who wears sneakers all year. This winter was unreasonably cold and snowy and I got sick of having wet feet. I purchased these boots and I am completely satisfied with them. They fit nice, they look good, and they are warm. They shipped within the estimated range and were reasonably priced. I would recommend these boots to anyone looking to upgrade from wet sneakers.
B000BFIHVS Great shoes! My husband is really happy with this buy. They are waterproof and keep feet warm even in coldest weather. Great quility.
B000BFIHVS Fit as expected I got them a week ago. I like them. Warm, fit and comfortable as expected. Totally met my expectations. Thank you.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots for Winter Weather I didn't buy mine for Hiking or Climbing but to withstand the brutal winter months in the Midwest. If you want a stylish boot that protects water and severe weather then look no further.  What can you say their Timberlands too!
B000BFIHVS awesome very comfortable and warm. Had on when It was 20 below. Feet never got cold. May buy more just to have them for spares
B000BFIHVS Awesome boot I have resisted hiking boots for a long time because I don't like how they pinch at the ankles when driving.  This year with all the cold and bad weather I decided to get a pair.  These bind a bit - it's unavoidable - but not too badly.  Comfortable enough to wear in the car.  Too warm to wear indoors though, if I wear them to the office I have to change shoes.Fit perfectly, true to size 13, and lightweight.  Appear to be well made, though time will tell.  However I am not using them to hike the Tetons (not now anyway) so the duty cycle is expected to be pretty light.  With that in mind I expect them to last a long time.As for the insole, I have no complaints.  My feet aren't the most sensitive, but I've had plantar fasciitis so I need to be careful.  I would say these are very comfortable, at least in my experience.The sheen to the leather is rich and the color almost chocolate.  The tongue is gusseted about half way up.  The lace rings & hooks seem firm.  I even like the logo.  These are supposed to be very dry, but I sprayed them down once anyway.  Can't hurt.Warm and dry with a pair of athletic socks.  Wore them several times snowblowing in subzero temps for 60-90 minutes at a crack, no chill at all.
B000BFIHVS Very good product I really like these boots. Thay are waterproof.They are ideal for winter because they are warm and very comfortable at the same time. I recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Awesome shoes for the winter These saved my feet this 2013-14 winter. I bought these along with some merino blend socks and my feet were toasty warm. Did not feel the cold or snow or moisture of any kind.
B000BFIHVS It is comfortable! it is not that fancy looking, but it is comfortable and warm!I wear it in cold weather 20 days, it is comfortable. easy to clean
B000BFIHVS love these timberland ledge boots gre at shoes for hiking,and any outdoor activity.when you get your put mink oil on them to keep them waterproof.there very comfortable and WARM.wool socks would go best when wearing these in the winter time !!
B000BFIHVS Warm enough The size is right,though it looks like very big. I love the color, most importantly, it keeps me very warm
B000BFIHVS Amazing shoe Perfect for winter, durable, warm, and nice looking. Glad I found these. Although this winter hasn't been that harsh, I wore them whenever I had the chance, just for the sake of it.
B000BFIHVS Great winter boots Ordered these from Elite Hero and received few days later, in time for 10 inch snowstorm. Kept feet warm in freezingcold and kept water and slush out. Very light weight and flexible. Used them for several weeks straight. Runs just tad slighly large (very comfortable) without heavy socks.Planning to order another pair! Definitely recommend for anyone wanting Wide shoes.
B000BFIHVS its a 10 I  wear this boot 12 months of the year 10 hours a day, 5 days a week. its warm in the winter, cool in the summer its light weight and very comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Great Buy Very comfortable and warm for these cold winter days in NJ,  they are holding up well . Now looking to get them in black.
B000BFIHVS Good Warm Boot for general trekking in Winter A good boot for the price, however try them on in a retail store if you can to check the size before ordering online.Most reviews are stating that the boots fit well, yes, however I found they fit a tad on the narrow side.If you're using double layer socks, or thick socks for winter, you may need the Wider sizing.Good selection on Amazon. I was glad that Amazon carries the Wide sizing, few retails stores do.They're warm and comfortable right out of the box, virtually no break-in period at all.The sale price on Amazon was less than half the best sale price in Vancouver BC area.Crazy.
B000BFIHVS Great boots They arent real warm but then again they arent marketed as insulated. Sturdy and comfortable, fit perfectly. I would buy again.
B000BFIHVS Great boot for out doors It was so warm that I must take off the boots when homing. Water proof is great, any way, I haven't prove it yet.
B000BFIHVS cozy boots for winter! they fit as expected and I could not even complain for getting these at the affordable rate. I am ready for this winter!
B000BFIHVS Warm shoes, warm heart. It is suitable and comfortable as expected, and the shoes can keep warm in snowy weather, that will be the most important points, I think. Because winter is coming!
B000BSHUY0 Want warm feet? ............ Purchase these boots, super comfortable and exceptionally warm! If you cannot stand warm feet, don't buy this.Otherwise, if you want warm feet, do purchase these!Solid Timberland product!
B000FX9A5S Boyfriend very pleased!!! I bought these boots for my boyfriend when he complained of his feet being cold while working outside in NC. I had read a review written by a man from New England about keeping his feet warm plus other reviews that were positive. My boyfriend loves the boots keep his feet warm, no breaking in time/comfortable and was not sliding around on the ice. Thank you Timberland!!!
B000FX9A5S Comfortable Very comfortable. I wear them at least 12hrs a day.  I work in an industrial environment and i am constantly moving. These boots are great.  Its winter now and my feet do stay warm, i will have to wait and see how i feel in a Texas Summer.
B000G21BSC Best Boots I've Ever Had I think I ought to buy another pair of these as a backup for when these wear out (but will they?  They're SO WELL MADE).  I bought these based on others' reviews, and have to say I was not disappointed.  These wear beautifully, and are oh so warm and so comfortable.  They don't chafe my ankle like previous hiking boots have done.  Really delighted with how they keep my toes warm. I'm so prone to frostbite, and thanks to these boots, that's a thing of the past.
B000G23DQK Great Boots My friend was very happy with the boots and very pleased with the texture of the boot. Keeps his feet very warm.
B000G23DQK Greats boots These boots are just great. Let the winter come i am ready for the cold weather. Looks really good too!
B000G23DQK The warm boot The boot is nice and warm but like all shoes or boots you have to break them in. You can do that by lacing up except the top two and tie not to tight and not to loose. It took me about 8 wares before I broke them in.
B000G23DQK Very recommended Very comfortable shoe. Very recommended. Keeps my feet warm and from getting wet can't go wrong with these boots.:-).worth the money
B000G23DQK Great for winter usage The sizing was a little difficult to get right but it over all was a great choice to buy these, totally waterproof, comfortable, and warm
B000G2419S Waterproof, rugged, comfortable and warm. Bought these for my wife.  They look sexy and she loves them.She washes them frequently, wearing them immediately after, and her feet stay dry.  They are rugged and true to Timberland's reputation, but they are still elegant enough to wear out on a date and around the city.  She, like most women, freeze amidst 90 degree weather; however she finds these to be plenty warm on winter days as long as you're moving around.  If you are buying them for stationary use, then you will need something a bit warmer.
B000KVA7YI tough  boots These  boots  are  the  best ! their  tough  as  nails , waterproof and  very  warm . ive had  mine  3 yrs  of  hard  wearing and  their  still  in  great  shape !  worth every  penny you  simply can't go  any  better .
B000LA2RVO Nice and comfortable boots The boots is true to size. Very comfortable. I hope that it will be warm for Russian winter. It is without fur inside the boot
B000PD4SC8 Great kids Lounger We had the pink version. Great Timberland construction. Easy to slip on. Her feet stayed warm. Treat suede for stains before wearing. Would buy again.
B000VQ9QKS Only Okay The good thing is that it keeps your feet warm. But it is not so comfortable as I expected, but is more comfortable than most of the winter boots. The high could be a little higher. It is difficult to put our skinny jeans inside this boot also and that's how they look better in your feet.If you are planing to walk a lot with your boots go to a actually store and try it out before buy it, you might like another more!!
B000VQ9QKS Love the boots Perfect fit. I wear them to work and when I walk afterwards. My feet do not get too warm when inside. They stayed warm outside with just one pair of socks Comfortable all day long.
B000VQ9QKS very comfortable i love them. they are very light but warm. the can keep my feet and ankles comfortable. very comfortable for hike.
B000VQ9QKS Ahhhh! This shoe fits like a glove. It is lightweight and the meshing lets my foot breathe. My old boots were full leathers and were too hot during warm weather.
B000VQ9QKS I love it very much! Just as my first timberland boots, this pair fits me quite well, and it keeps my feet warm. I may purchase it again.
B000VQBPOS Tough, comfortable, and warm I have worn out one pair of these boots and am now on a new pair.  I love that they are tough, warm, and comfy.  They continue to look good for a long time.  I wear them to work in the winter months with dress pants.  I get compliments about them a lot.  If you want warmth and duribility - here's your boots.
B000VQBPOS Happy feet! Comfortable, warm, rugged, grippy -- everything I need for very happy feet in any kind of nonsummer weather. Wet? Who cares? Slick? Not for me!Cold? Not my feet. I especially love leaving them unlaced and slipping them on a off like loafers.
B000VX03GC high quality footwear Boot fit my size 9 foot.  Put them on and walked up and down the country road we live on for about fifteen minutes to make sure they would be comfortable enough.  No problem.  Felt warm as soon as I put them on.  Have not worn them since, as the weather turned warm.  I expect to be needing them soon!  Appear to be very well made when examined closely.  So far, I believe this was a good choice.
B000VX03GC WINTER Boots I bought these shoes a year ago. And I love them.This is the most comfortable shoes I've ever had.So far, I can not believe I did not freeze with them in the winter, at a temperature of -30 F (minus, no errors).They are much warmer than my previous WINTER boots. 20-minute walk in the very cold weather and my feet are still warm. This is the best proof of the quality of their construction - they are excellent at keeping you warm inside without insulation. At the same time, in the offseason feet always stay dry.I live in Tomsk, Siberia, and my review will not be equally useful for all, but does allow you to evaluate the quality of these shoes, shown in extreme conditions.
B000VX03GC Comfy and warm I've only had these about a month so far but I'm very happy with them. They are super comfortable and I'm on my feet for the majority of the day. They are also very warm and appear to be quite durable. I've had Timberlands in the past and I've always found the quality to very high, these are no exception.
B000VX03GC Timberland Nice boots comfortable and warm. They are great for the fall and winter season. Try a  pair for your next boot.
B000VX03GC very nice hiking boots would be 5 if they were 60$ or less but they are made well and waterproof also warm and insulated
B000VX03GC Warm shoes fit My father was a particularly cold winter feet, so I bought these shoes, soft insole, lined with very warm, now is the summer, he was prepared to winter wear. He loved it. And this pair of shoes waterproof and breathable. Prices are cheap, and I like it.
B000VX04DO nice boots i really like these boots. they are very comfortable. not very warm in freezing weather but still great.buy them and you won't regret it.
B000XEAA0S Not bad at all I have owned and worn these boots for five months now and not once have they ever bothered my feet; pain wise. I will say this though...They do lack in the winter warmth department...I work out side in cold weather for the majority of my 12 hour shift days and nights in a rail yard for an oil refinery; It is a must that I wear foot warmers with these boots even with wearing thick thermal socks. The boots are insulated but not enough in my opinion and the steel toes don't help much with keeping your feet warm in harsh weather conditions. Water Proof so far so good...I've been out in the pouring down rain with these boots and the results were dry feet everytime. The durability of the boot is fantastic; this boot is built for rugged hard use work. Just not for Cold weather.
B000XEACHO Good boot The boot took awhile to break them in but once you do they are great. The only problem I have with them is that since they are waterproof they tend to keep your feet warm which sounds good but not if you work In An warm climate
B000XEAPDA Good boots I love these boots a little noisy when u walk sounds like a Sergeant Major  I'm getting a little more respect when I walk around town now lol  Never the less there really comfortable boots  and very warm. I bought a half size bigger than normal there just a great fit. As I say they do make a little noise when u walk wouldn't be good to sneak up on someone. They would have u at the half mile away , as I say I'm not in combat and don't intent to be.these boots are  nice snug warm on your foot good price very quick delivery 2 days very impressive. just point and click easy stress freeeeee
B000XEIZ7S Excellent I've buy this model/style every couple of years.  It has been a great boot for the cold and extreme cold outdoors.  I have to switch them out on warm days for my non-waterproof---they will get too warm---but they are a great boot.
B000XEIZ7S Good work boots This is a Good pair of work boots.Pros: Very warm, fits well, comfortable, and the ankles are not overly restrictiveCons: the leather used in the toe portion of the boot is too soft and wears out fast. The material used in the sole of the boot is great in warm weather but when it gets cold it gets very hard and does not grip well.
B000XEKHOC Great workboots Very comfortable and your feet never get tired. They are also warm and as waterproof as a leather boot could be.
B000XEKHOC Great work boot I've been wearing these boots for about four months now. I'm the lone warehouse worker for the school district, so I spend as much time in the warehouse as I do out driving around. I live in Northwestern Alaska, above the Arctic Circle, so it gets pretty chilly. The boots provide just enough warmth to keep my toes warm between loads and driving in the van. They are also just cool enough to keep my feet from getting to hot when I'm indoors. I've worn them down to -40, and they jus give me enough warmth for an 8 minute walk. When the temperatures were around above zero, in the teens and twenties, these boots were great.Only con is they do not have much traction on the ice, and slick plowed roads. I've slipped more than a few times, but that's fine by me. I've got YakTraks, they're just a hassle to deal with when you're running in and out all of the time.Conclusion: These boots are perfect for what they were made for and I recommend them for your feet. Especially for warehouse type environments and moderate cold weather outdoor work.
B000XEKHOC Comfortable and warm My husband found the boots comfortable and warm and would recommend to anyonewho works outside and on their feet all day.
B000XEKHOC Great price I payed about twenty dollars less than I would have going to a shoe outlet.My toes are happy and warm.
B000XEKIUK Nice boots The fit was as expected, they are warm and rugged and for now staying very waterproof. Very happy with them.
B000XEKIUK Awesome boots! Bought for my son he loved them - they are warm and waterproof! A great purchase. Recommend them to anyone wanting a good winter boot.
B000XEKK94 Super gerat fit!!!!! These boots fit great. They are comfortable, warm, water proof and stylish. I wore them out in the rain and mud last night and when I came in they looked as if they had just come out of the box. They are warm, can be worn with heavy or light socks and are still just as cozy. No breaking in needed. Plenty of room in toe box area and well cushioned. All in all a really super work and casual boot for every day use.
B000XEKK94 Larger than expected, not 100% waterproof, not as warm as expected. I Ordered a Medium (D) size, this feels more like a Wide (E).  Very large toe box.Not as waterproof as I had hoped for.  Supplemental waterproofing needed.Not as warm as I had expected. My feet are always cold, next time I will go with 400g Thinsulate.The sole is very heavy, makes wearing the boot more than 4 hours uncomfortable.
B000XEKK94 Nice quality Just as I ordered.  Perfect fit.  Have had for a year now and still using.  With my job, I was going thru a pair of boots every six months until I bought these.  Light and warm in the winter!!!!
B000XEKK94 I like so far! Used for two weeks on the job site and so far I love these boots! Warm, durable, and nice look.
B000XEKK94 Very nice boot Excellent winter boot. Warm, ice resistant, and waterproof. 80+ bucks might be a little bit overpriced. I bought a pair with 64 bucks, which is a reasonable price.
B000XEKK94 work boots These boots are incredibly ,comfortable and warm. They also keep out water. They do get a bit heavy by the end of the day,but offer great support.
B000XEKK94 Great boots... But 'very well' insulted I just picked these up and they are one of the nicest pair of boots that I own. Very Comfortable. The only thing i would stress is that they are not for warm weather. Im took them out hiking in about 80 degree weather and by the time i was done my feet were very sweaty.
B000XEKK94 it works all good for me so far My size is 13/14. I bought a 14 wide pro Timberland. It is not a long time I am wearing this cute boot but so far I like it. It is just a little bit large for me but it is ok (that has been my decision nothing to do with the boot). So, I like the look, my feet are very comfortable in it, it keeps my feet warm and isolated from water (Though I have not been in a severe snowy rainy weather yet). It looks very sturdy and well-made.
B000XEKK94 The Perfect Boot Perfect for any condition.  Warm enough for cold days yet not too insulated for warm days or indoors.I waterproofed them with mink oil and they darkened slightly but not enough to realize a major difference in fact they look better.  Can wear them all day with comfort.  Very nice.
B000XEKK94 I like these boots! Fits well and keeps my feet warm.  Tread picks up stones, leaves them all on the floor of my truck.
B000XEKK94 title for my review At first, these boots are really warm, I used it in -5oC and it worked 100%. Second - they are really comfortable, and not heavy at all (heavier than sneakers, but light for the boot). the only problem I've got, is that it's hard to maintain it clean, or undamaged, but for me it doesn't matter, I bought these boots for hard working purposes. So I recommend you to try and buy these ones, they'll provide warmth and protection in any weather (in my opinion)
B000XEKK94 my favor shoe I but this item in Oct. 2011 and I love it very much. It looks very cool and the it is very comfortable and very warm in winter. Timberland is a good one for boot selection.
B000XELF3O Great Boot Very comfortable and durable so far! The product is described as is. Great comfort for my feet and keeps them warm working in the cold
B000XELF3O They're Timberlands of course I bought these for my dad as work boots and he really enjoys them. They haven't faded and keeps his feet warm and protected. Timberland is a reputable brand, what else would you expect?
B000XELF3O Nice boots for the great price Strongly recommended for logn -time wearing. Wery comfotable and softly inside, warm enough for winter wearing, but they  are still being comfortable indoors, too.
B000XELF3O basically good The boots protect the feet well, keep warm.You have to wear them tightly, otherwise the steel buckles in the top sometimes hurt the ankles. The surfaces seem to be easily scratched.
B000XETJU0 Great Boot for the price I love these boots they are super comfortable and affordable. The only problem I have with these boots is the constant creaking noise they make as you walk, then again the ones I have are broken in very well and  have lots of miles walked in these. They are very durable and very warm.
B000XETJU0 Great Boots! I bought this for myself for Xmas, very nice working boots.I work as a nite security guard in Ohio, they keep my feet warm all the time.
B000XEVM50 Warm, comfort and brutal shoes Warm, comfort and brutal shoes. I am two days going on 10 cm snow on winter. very good. waterproof excellent.
B000XR2GN4 Overall great boots Very comfortable boots. The bottoms get veery hard in the deep cold tempuratures and can get a little slippery on ice. But my  feet stay warm aand comfortable all day long. Maybe better for indoor work/construction type jobs. I will buy another pair when needed.
B000XR30FM mean gene my wife wanted a pair for winter, so i got her the Timberland Pro 6" soft toe.  she loves them. I usually never buy any clothing items for my wife because she is a bit picky.( All of the husbands know what i'm talking about).her feet stayed dry and warm all winter (2010-2011). one of the coldest on record.
B000XXGMRO form & function These sharp looking boots are very comfortable and warm. They've been perfect for this Polar Vortex winter. Work great dressy or casual.
B000XXGMRO Great Casual Boot These boots are extremely comfortable, and warm. Some people complain they rip, tear, etc, but these aren't meant to be work boots.
B000XXGMRO Most comfortable boots I've ever owned After doing a ton of research online looking for the perfect boot for me, I decided to go with the Timberland Earthkeepers, and man am I glad I did.  Being a construction worker in the Air Force, I'm used to wearing a boot with the dreaded break in period that leaves me with a blister on each side of my ankle which makes walking around pretty painful.  Even after adding insoles they're still not the most comfortable thing in the world to work in, much less walk around in all day.  Not these bad boys.  They are lightweight, warm, attractive, and VERY comfortable.  I've only had the boots for a little over a week, but I did a pretty good inspection of the boot, and they APPEAR to be a well built.  I'm living in England where the climate is rainy and rather cold, and they keep my feet warm and dry.  I'm always very weary about making online purchases for clothing and footwear, but I'm very happy with these boots.  I read many reviews stating that they run large.  I wear a 9.5R in my Belleview workboots, so I bought a 9.5, and they fit perfect.  At just over $100 I really don't think you can go wrong.  BUY THEM!!!!
B001701ZA6 Winter in New York? No Problem. This stylin' boot kept my feet warm and comfortable in this New York City winter.The Memory Foam insoles are great! Good price, great comfort, good-looking style.UPDATE: Hey, I'm back, and I've been wearing this boot in all sorts of cruddy weather.It is still my favorite outdoor boot with style, and it barely shows its age... No regrets.UPDATE DEC, 2010: Still wearing these, and they are still warm and comfy. Still no regrets.
B001708FZE comfortable, sturdy and stylish These are wonderful winter boots. Extremely well-made, but still stylish. I got them in tan, a half size up from my normal 7.5, I bought them in 8, and they fit perfectly. The inside is shearling, which is warm and comfortable. I usually favor fashion over comfort -- but these are the first time I've found a compromise.
B001708FZE Comfy, but not warm! I have a question to those who say these boots are warm - "Where are you wearing them?" I went out when it was 30F outside, in 10 minutes my feet were frozen! I did not expect this from Timberland at all. The boots are extremely comfortable, but absolutely unsuitable for cold weather. For my feet (I normally wear 9.5-10,) they run too long, but the width is perfect (ordered them in 10). Don't know what to do now. I do like them but can not wear. Maybe I'll try changing the insoles. Doubt it will help, though
B001708FZE A+++++ I found these boots to run true to size.  I'm a size 8 and I purchased an 8 and they fit perfectly.  I wear them with my winter socks and they are super comfortable and warm.  I'm always cold but find that as long as my feet are warm I'm ok.  And these definitely do the job.  The fact they are super stylish is a bonus.  Love them!!!
B00170AGPQ Warm & toatsy A very beautiful boot, very warm. Normally I ware a size 6 shoe, but buying a boot for winter I'll get the next size larger to allow a heavy sock for additional warm if needed. In this instance I bought a 7, I should have gotten a 7. The calf of this boot is ample, it's the foot of this boot it's snug, it's smaller to size. I kept my size 7 for suede will stretch but I may never get a heavy sock under it, outside of this I`m very happy with this warm and what I believe well made boot, also to preserve the suede I`ve sprayed it w/a suede and leather water proofing and conditioning product.
B00170AGPQ Great purchase Sytlish comfortable and warm.  Fits true to size.  Feels sturdy yet comfortable.Pros:  comfort--can wear all day with no problems, stylish, sizing is trueCons: perhaps a little too warm, depending on where you live...
B00170AKW0 Timberland Women's Boot I got the Timberland Women's Authentic Premium Boot for my wife to wear during the winter months when the weather is not good.  She loves the boots and says that they're very warm and comfortable.  The boots are waterproof.  Timberland makes outstanding boots.
B001760OQQ High quality, cool looking boots. I ordered these in black, size 8.5 (B), which is my normal size, and they fit perfectly even with medium-weight socks.  My feet are a little narrow.  If you have a wider foot, I would absolutely advise you to order the wider width because they do seem a little snug across the top of my foot, near the ankle.  I was able to loosen the laces and take care of that.  They are good sturdy boots for winter.  I have not tested the waterproofing yet, but I did notice that they don't keep my feet as warm as I would like.  You need to wear some good, warm socks with them.  Also, they are easily scuffed up but that can be fixed by simply rubbing them with a damp cloth.  Those two issues aside, I like the boots and they are made very, very, well (typical of the brand).
B001764P20 Good, but not as warm as advertised What I really like about these boots is that fact that they are waterproof and the lining is shearling, which makes them feel a lot more snuggly than they look.Like another reviewer, I also take a size 10 and found them a little too roomy at first - I got used to that and they also feel fine with thick socks, but at first I hesitated about keeping them. After I broke them in I decided they were comfortable, and didn't think about whether they were too big anymore.My disapointment with these boots is that they are advertised for very cold weather, and they failed to keep my toes warm in below zero temperatures. I had these out in South Dakota in January and while they were fine for walking around in the snow, when the heat wasn't on full blast in the car my toes were cold. Ankles were always warm and cozy, but not the toes - I was reminded of ski trips in the family car when I was young and didn't have good enough boots.I'm giving these boots 3 stars because they are advertised on the Timberland site as -25 below and they are not nearly that warm. If it hadn't been for that advertising, I'd give them 4 stars.So, if you're getting these boots for $60 or less and just using them for shoveling or playing outside with the kids, or you usually are not out in below zero temps, you will be happy. But me, I wanted a truly warm boot, one that would keep my toes warm when it was -3 and colder. Instead, my toes were COLD!
B001764P20 boot! it is a very nice boot for winter.  she loves it and wears it during winter.  it is warm, comfortable and it stays on the ground.
B001AQU1DO Nice I bought these boots for the cold weather that I was expecting for the Presidential Inauguration in DC.  They did the job and kept my feet warm :)
B001B7FP60 Better than Expected ! Ordered these boots with Winter coming on and my last pair of winter boots bit the dust last year.  Ordered them on Amazon and they showed promptly about 3 days later.. (thanks Amazon!).  First impression, very comfortable boot, I have a hard to fit foot (wide) and they didnt come in wide but I took a shot anyway based upon the reviews..  The boots fit very nicely and are not too narrow and true to size.  They are lightweight, very warm, very comfortable and so far im pleased with the purchase.  Ive had them on during the day with no fatigue, and I've had them on in the snow shoveling...  they are good either way keeping your feet warm (and dry) but not to the point of sweating.  you dont need bulky socks as the lining is plush and does the work..  I would buy these again, for the price they are hitting the mark for me..  Timberland does a great job with their footwear, I'm a big fan at this point.
B001B7FP60 DID THE JOB Kept my feet warm just as I expected.  Spent a week up in Nebraska this winter and boots held up great.  I also found the price very reasonable and the boots to be very comfortable.  For those out east with all this bad winter weather, wish I could send you all a pair to at least keep you feet warm.
B001B7FP60 Winter Boots These boots are super warm and are waterproof. They fit me perfectly and they seem to be made pretty well. No complaints here.
B001B7FP60 new boots These are the warmest and most comfortable boots I've ever bought. When it's in the single digits around here I could were the boots with no socks(I don't, that's disgusting) and your feet stay perfectly warm with the heavy insulation of the boot.Sincerely, Philip Guay
B001B7FP60 If you don't buy these your crazy Looked at standard Timbos and still did not like my socks changing color and looking for more stylish boots to keep me warm and comfort my feet while I stand in them for hours.
B001B7FP60 Great boots Arrived just on time.Comfortale, warm, light, good looking, great grip (even on wet tiles).Outside is snowing heavily, temperature is -8'C to -14'C and the boots are just perfect for the weather.I will update my review in a month if there are any problems.
B001B7FP8I Good shoes. Boots are not very warm. I read a review of human from Canada's , but reacted to the recall of skepticism. I should never have done it. Now my feet are freezing fingers. A guy from Canada are not alone, we will freeze together.But overall, good shoes, very comfortable and easy. For not a cold winter will be fine.
B001B7FP8I Timberland Mens Woodbury Faux Shearling Boots I have gone through two winters with them and they are still in good shape. Great for snowy weather keeps your feet very warm while being comfortable.
B001B7FP8I Warm and cosy These are nice boots! They are warm, has a good grip and very comfortable. Time will tell how long they will last.
B001B7FP8I Warm Quick lace. Warm.  Cozy winter boots.  Not bad for hiking.  A little bulky.  They worked well for my winter Yosemite hike
B001B7FP8I Finally warm feet Perfekt isolation from ground, finally I found warm shoes... without making my feet sweat. Comfortable to walk. Very light to wear, size fit true.
B001B7FP8I Super warm! Created for Siberia I love these boots!! They keep my feet very warm even in -30 degrees of Celsius. You can imagine how worse winters are in Siberia. Great quality and value for paid price!!!
B001EBJU82 perfect shoe My hubby works a lot out side in the winter so he  said its every warm and comfortable love it
B001EWFF30 Bang for the buck A little warm for california weather but that's what you get with a flume (water proof boot). Other than that, it's really comfortable and well made for its price
B001EWFF30 My feet are soo Happy I'm not big into wearing boots other than work.  I'm usually a running shoe type of guy.  These boots are so comfortable and fit so well.  They don't need any breaking in and are so warm for the winter.  I can't wait to see how well they hold up.
B001EWFF30 Great Boots! Very warm and comfortable boot.  It took a couple of days to break-in but very comfortable now! Waterproof and warm!
B001FXZU92 Comfortable and warm They're a bit heavy but other than that they're pretty good. Warm, Comfortable and at a reasonable price. (compared to red wing).I'm not sure how durable they are I've only had them for 2 weeks. I'll update in a few months.
B001KVYDW4 Nice Jacket It's warming up where I live in the Southeast so I can't say I've spent alot of time with this jacket but I'll get to it next winter.  So far it's warmer than my North Face Denali fleece and it looks just as good for less than 1/3 the cost.  I'd recommend this to anyone looking for an attractive warm fleece without getting fleeced.
B001KVYEV4 Keeps me warm when its -7 F When i first got the package, the jacket was a bit lighter than i thought it would be to make me warm.I tried it in a -7F degree temperature and -20F with wind chills... It kept me warm with only a short sleeve shirt under it..!Also good looking, unlike the usual big bubble jackets..What else would i ask for.
B001LI7HJC Warm Warm War I bought these boots for this winter and I absolutely love them. I regularly wear an 8.5, and bought that size. The fit was good. I had some wiggle room but not enough for the boots to feel like my feet were swimming in them. There is fur throughout the inside of the boot and they do defintely keep your feet warm. Because my legs are skinny, they boot had a weird "sticking out" thing they were doing at the very beginning. But after they have been broken in, it doesn't look so funny anymore.
B001LI7HJC I WANT THESE BOOTS TOO! I bought these boots for my mom for Christmas.  I did a lot of research, looking for boots with great treads so she won't slip, but also warm and attractive.  This is what I chose.  When they arrived I wanted a pair for me.  My mom loves these boots. She feels safe from slipping, they're warm and the boot height is perfect for our sometimes deep midwest snow.
B001LI7HJC A Great Pair of Comfortable Boots!! I learned really fast that you do not wear socks with these boots. They are warm and comfortable. I'm glad that I bought them.
B001LI7HJC The BEST Boots ever! I have owned a brown pair of Timberland boots for over 3 years and they have been through every possible weather circumstance. They still look like new and have great non-slip treads on the bottom that make them wonderful in snow. The inside is soft fuzzy faux fur and they snuggle your foot. They are weather proof, water proof and really cute. (much better looking than UGGS.) They keep your feet really warm but are comfortable in warm weather too. The sizing runs very true and even with thick socks were not tight. They have been my favorites for a long time. When I saw the black ones on Amazon I knew I had to have them.
B001LI7HJC 2nd time purchasing This was my 2nd time purchasing these boots.  This time I got them in black but 2 years ago I bought them in wheat.  They are so comfortable and keep your feet warm in cold weather.  I love them so much that I'm about to order them in brown and again in the wheat.  Next time, however, I will do expedited shipping because they started out with UPS and eventually the mail man delivered them and he took his time.  But overall, no complaints at all.
B001LI7HJC Love these boots Can't bring myself to look like everyone else in the Uggs. Hate them, so clumsy looking but I wanted to be warm and comfortable. I searched high and low until I found these boots.  Much more attractive, very warm and very comfortable.Solved my problem big time!
B001LI7HJC warm comfy boots My daughter loved her boots very comfy. She absolutely loved them. My daughter would love a second pair different color.
B001LI7HJC Happy Wife.... .....happy life! She loves them and has told me so many times. Very nice looking boots. Keeps her feet warm working on a cold floor in northern Minnesota.
B001PBK87I Good ! Very warm, but weigh 1 kg each. The quality is excellent. For winter in central Russia is good! 8.5 on the Russian 41 with a warm sock.
B001PBK87I Fantastic boots! These are the first pair of boots I've ever bought, and I love them. They look fantastic, and they keep my feet incredibly warm (this is the coldest winter in all my Michigan years).Since I lace them tightly all the way to the top, they're a bit difficult to take off and put on. However, this is a minor personal grievance, and not a flaw in the boot design. I would recommend these boots to anyone!
B001PBK87I Great Quality The boots are really nice and sturdy.  My husband works outside and the insulation and waterproofing are keeping his feet toasty warm.  A great boot for the price!!!
B001PBK87I Good Shoe I got shoes Thursday.  My husband wore them yesterday for work in the middle of a snowstorm.  He said his feet were very warm.  They are a little stiff but I thinks because the boot is brand new.  He also wore them hunting today.  They are very warm and sturdy.  Good Shoe.
B001PBK87I Timberland boots These boots are amazing. I wear a 10.5 and have a wide foot. I ordered the 10.5 W and it fits perfectly. The boots do keep my feet warm. However, I don't live in an extremely cold climate. With the temperature around 40 degrees my feet are very warm. The only reason I didn't give the boots a 5 rating is that they don't have hooks at the top of the boot instead of eyelets for the laces. I would recommend these boots and I would buy another pair.
B001PBK87I Warm, Light Comfortable! Very Warm. Great traction. Great support and comfort. Very light weight! Wish they had open eyelets at top 3 holes for faster lacing. Love them!
B001PBK87I boots Keeps the feet warm on very cold New England winter days, working outside in 20 degree weather for 9 hours and feet did not get cold. Great boot.
B001SARJXC Keep your feet warm This is one of the rare perfect fit Timberland boots.  I bought several other pairs from Timberland but none of them was perfect fit and they required extra padding here and there...This is very comfortable, warm, nice looking shoes.I've walked over 50 miles with this pair so far.No problem.
B001U0OTCY Light and comfortable I was looking for a replacement to my old Nike boots that I can't find anymore.  These are very light weight.  I ordered the light brown, and they are everything I'd hoped for.  Soft lining and warm too.
B001U0OTCY Very Pleased! I purchased these boots hoping for the best. I have been disappointed with boots so often. When they are waterproof, they have not been very warm. When they have been warm, they haven't been very waterproof. But these boots, WOW! They are waterproof, comfortable, semi-stylish, and yes WARM! Great buy, you won't be disappointed.
B001U0OTCY great shoes!!! I bought one primarily for the winter time here in New York, It's comfortable, warm, stylish and very light, very ideal on snowy weather. My only complain is that they're a little bit bigger than other brands. I suggest to whoever plans to buy one is get a half size smaller.
B001U0OTCY They are really warm ! The design and feel are great. They are truely waterproof. They made it through a rough winter. Would buy again.
B001U89OGM Beautiful, warm boot. Very pleased with this boot; nice style, the color is rich and the leather is truly waterproof.  The fleece lining is warm too.  They fit true to size with winter weight socks.
B001U89OGM Waterproof, warm and wonderful Great fit and I was ludicrously lucky getting these boots for about 45$ and in my size and black.  I've been searching for years for stylish, black, water proof boots because there's nothing I hate more than ruining beautiful boots in the rain, snow and salt that comes from the winter months.  Even tougher is finding those qualities in a size 5.  Now, my feet can be warm under 20F with stockings or socks and the boots work well with my various coats from my short tan trenchcoat to my full length shearling.  Comfortable, can fit skinny jeans, jeggings, leggings and very thick socks.
B001U89OGM Love 'em! This boot is amazing. Stylish and functional. It is super comfy, true to size and warm. Can't wait to rock 'em this winter.
B001U89OGM Rugged, stylish, waterproof, and warm! These boots are wonderful! It took me a long time to look for boots to buy and I finally decided on these. So being in one of the colder climates in Alaska, I found them to be amazingly warm(with thinker socks). Keeps feet warm even in tempartures of -35! I bought them a half size larger so that I could layer up on the socks. They have great traction over lots of different surfaces, even ice. An added plus to the boots is the compliments I get about them! Overall, a fabulous buy for a boot!
B001U89OQW Love these boots These boots have a fleece lining in them that make them extremly warm and comfortable. They are great in all types of weather and look great with anything.  They are definetly worth the money and will last you for a long time.  They run true to size and the insole is removable.  They are very light and don't feel clunky or like your walking with cinder blocks on your feet.  If you want something that is not over the top but does the job of a winter boot these are for you.  All around a great buy!!
B001VNCKJ4 Cool boots I really like the product I recently purchased from Amazon. Looks very cool and keeps me warm during cold winter season.
B0028N7DL6 comfortable not make your feet warm too hot this shoes is good comfortable but not good in the summer because it will make your feet very warm or hot but it is good for winter it is light comfortable waterproof
B00295RHNM Fantastic Find! Try are fantastic!  Fits like a glove, warm and sturdy in the toughest weather!  So glad I chose them! Perfect!
B0029XG3OS Perfect! Fantastic boot! Everything you could possible want. Extremely comfortable and durable. Very warm. The only down side is that they are a little heavy.
B0029XG3OS Very Comfortable ! These boots rock - They fit great and they are very warm when they need to be.  My only complaint is the small orange strip of rubber near the sole in the front of one of my boots has come dislodged and is now extended past the front of the boot !
B002ASAJPG Timberland boots Very comfortable and warm. Fit is roomy but not too big comfortable to wear all day standing and walking longer distance.
B002ASAJPG Very comfortable I love these boots. Very warm and comfortable. They are a little heavy but that was expected. The color is great.
B002ASAMCG Comfortable, light and warm. I love Timberland.  I work in North Dakota as a pipefitter.  It's -25 degrees with a windchill of -45 and my feet are just fine.  They were comfortable right out of the box.  My $200 Carhartt boots have nothing on these.
B002MAS1O8 A little bit larger ,better  chose 0.5 smaller Nice boot bit of larger . It keeps water away and very warm , very good but expensive for me .
B002NEGP96 Comfortable, but soles don't last long. I have the same boot, but the low top. Everything about the boot is comfortable. The structure of the boot is thin, therefore not very warm (I live in the mountains) but very comfortable. I tend to rely on good socks to keep my feet warm anyway in order to have cooler boots for warmer seasons, so this is not a big minus for me.The soles are my main concern. Don't buy these boots if you walk a lot (which is not most Americans, so most of you won't have to worry), especially on unnatural terrain like sidewalks/concrete that eat the soles up. I do walk a lot and the soles are only lasting me about a year.Otherwise, I think Timberland might be on a good path; they just need to work on their soles.
B002WJHD2U Finally,warm feet without the bulk These socks are proving to be warm and durable. And without the bulk of pure wool they work well with dress shoes. Colors are great also.
B002WJHD2U Warm & comfortable Very warm & comfortable. My husband got some for Christmas and I kept stealing them, so I just bought my own
B002YOMJPY warm,comfortable .I walked around all day downtown and these boots felt fine.The boots are still comfortable even when i have my thermal socks on.
B002YOMJPY Comfort and durability Comfortable, warm and amazingly waterproof. I love it and I have recommended it to my cousin who intends to buy one soon.
B002YOMJPY Strong and warm winter boot, definitely waterproof Excellent fit, durable, warm, waterproof boot... New Jersey through the Vortex cold @ 5 Degrees* f...working outside often back and forth inside...
B002YOMJPY Not very warm i know it is my fault for not comparing with other boots or reading more about these boots, but these boots are not warm.  something to consider..
B002YOMJPY Only for winter season Yes this product is only for the winter season when the weather is about 25 degrees Fahrenheit or below. It is very warm! The fit is slightly small so make sure you get a size bigger. I like it very much. The price is reasonable
B002YOMJPY Warm & Comfortable I highly recommend this boot and the seller.  The delivery service (UPS, FED EX or Post office) messed up on the delivery of this item but the seller was awesome at keeping in touch with me and resolving the issue.  Once the boot arrived they fit my son perfect.  He lives in Colorado and the boots keep his feet very warm.  I highly recommend this boot and the seller.
B002YOMJPY Great buy I love this boots, excellent quality, very comfortable and keep my feet warm in winter. I am thinking to buy an extra pair on different colors
B002YOMJPY Timberland at its finest! These Timberland boots are outstanding. They are comfortable and light and keep my feet warm in this cold winter weather. And, the traction is top notch. They are sharp and sleek looking and are probably the best boots I have ever had.
B002YOMJPY Okay boots The only negative comment I have about these is they are not as warm as I was expecting.  Other than that they are decent boots.  They can pass as 'work shoes' when your pant legs cover the mid ankle area of the boot.
B002YOMJPY Best Boots I love these shoes. If it's kind of warm out my feet roast. I am sure with the winter weather around the corner they will be great!
B0034G54BM boot review This Timberland boot is perfect for walking around during the cold winter days in the Northeast.  Comfortable and warm is great.
B0034G54BM wonderful my boots are really comfortable and warm for the winter. It was a very good purchase! They can be used with different types of trausers or skirts. I really like them!
B0034G54BM Took Three Times Love these boots! However, my intention was to purchase them for the cold and snow of northern N.Y.. They have the great lugg sole, and quality leather I was looking for, but make no mistake, these boots are crafted to fit snuglyaround the foot with a thin sock. A true riding boot fit. It took three orders to finally get the fit I wanted, one that could be worn with a thick warm sock. If you live in a warmer climate, or are truly using this boot to ride, I would order my regular size, but if like me, you want a fashionable cold weather boot, you should order your true size in a 'wide', or you'll never get your thick warm socksin these boots! Now I've found the secret, I LOVE them!
B0034G54BM great boots! I searched the web over and finally found true love.  These Timberlands draw compliments everywhere I go.  They are warm and comfortable too, and true to size.  I am delighted with the purchase, even after owning them over a year.
B0034G54BM The long winter.. these boots were great for the long snowy, cold winter..held through all types of weather, plan to order another pair next winter!
B0034G558E Perfect boots for winter I ordered these for my daughter, who lives in a wet and slushy area with lots of hills.  She loves them.  They have the traction she needs to navigate ice but they are cute enough to wear anywhere with her jeans.  Kept her feet warm all winter.Her friends love them, too.  But I thought they might run small through the toe box, so I ordered a full size too big.  Also, allowed room for the bulky socks she likes to wear.  The fit was perfect.The hidden side zipper made getting in and out of the boots a breeze.  I would buy these again.
B0034G5IPY Great For the Winter I purchased this boot in the black, and I absolutely love it.  I was hesitant to order a 7.5 because of the reviews that the boots ran way too small.  Usually I wear a 7 in pumps, and a 7.5 or 8 in boots.  However, the boot fit great for the width and length.  Also, I couldn't pass up the price for Timberlands.  I look forward to wearing these comfy, warm boots this winter:)
B0034G5KAC Comfy and look great. They are very comfortable andthe price was perfect. But not very warm for cold days. :)I recommended those boots to a freind.
B0035LD0WQ Excellent shoes for warm time hiking. That's second pair of this model (with minor differences for 5 years) I bought.+ Very comfortable, good ventilated-  Laces are too weak  - untying too easy.I definitely recommend these shoes for hiking at warm weather.
B0038JCZ9Y Comfortable & Stylish Really comfortable and stylish boots, keeps you warm and feels like a sock, I made a really good decision to choose these, I am really glad!
B0038JD2LE Great Traction for Hiking, Warm, Waterproof and Comfortable These fit the bill for anyone who hikes in the winter months. I`m impressed with the value and the quality.
B003A67X5G Very Comfortable and easy to slip on and off These look good on your feet, too.  The only shortcoming is that they're not lined, so you may want to wear some warm socks on cold winder days if you spend long periods of time outdoors - the bottoms of your feet stay warm, but the sides of them and your ankles may get a little cold.
B003AZZIOU Great comfort Too bad you don't have them available now or I would buy  2 more pair just to have for replacements. Nice comfortable and warm in winter.
B003AZZJLW Excellent Clog I bought this clog as a Christmas gift and the young man has told me that it is an excellent product. It is warm, comfortable, and easy to walk in. He doesn't wear them when he has to wade through snow, but on shoveled walks, they are a fine winter clog. His feet stay warm even in an upstate New York winter. I would definitely buy another pair.
B003BLP2NA Timberland Big Kid This is a good warm boot.  Not too heavy to walk to school and back. Easy to get on and off.
B003BLPA00 Great boots for wet, cold winters We bought these for my then-four-year-old last winter and they've been great. Very warm, very supportive and comfortable too. They also look good with jeans, cords, etc. Just bought the next size up even though the price has gone up $25 since last year, which is a bit tough to swallow.
B003BLPA00 Cute and comfortable I currently work overseas and needed a function cold weather boot. I got therein a 5 1/2 and they are true to size. They are very comfortable, warm, and light. I may buy these for my children. Well worth the money spent and meets the Timberland standard of quality.
B003BLPA00 Very good! The quality is excellent. Suitable for high-rise. Do not get wet. Warmed - artificial sheepskin. Insulated insole. These shoes are good to wear in the autumn cold - warm winter.
B003ELOYEA Great Product Ordering was nice and easy, shipping was prompt, with no issues. I am more than satisfied with this product. The material is of great quality, the fit is nice, the utility of the boot being waterproof and warm, with great sole traction, makes it for the ideal women's sexy winter boot. I live in Alaska, where the terrain is rugged, and the winters can be harsh, but these boots definitely keep my feet warm and dry, while adding a sexy flare to my winter look! Highly recommend the boots!
B003ELOYEA Best.Winter.Boot.Ever These boots are perfect for winter.  They are warm, comfortable, waterproof, and stylish. Today in 17 degree weather I stomped around in the snow and ice with no problem (and no socks on).  The fleece lining is as warm as a dream.  Everywhere I go people tell me how cute these boots are and ask where I got them.  Added bonus:  secret compartment pocket for a tiny things.  The lace up is super handy too so you can easily fit these boots over jeans, leggings, jeggings, pants, cords, trousers, whatever you want!  They are also light weight and not nearly as clunky or hard to walk in as the Sorel's and have more support.  Love love love these boots, do yourself a favor and by them now!
B003ELOYEA Aright but not awesome Water gets in where the zipper starts. If you don't wear wool socks you can expect your feet to get cold in 10 degree weather! This is my second year owning them and the suede is showing definite wear where my ankle is, which is to be expected. Not as indestructible and warm as I would have liked.
B003ELOYEA The Perfect Winter Boots This is the best investment I made in a long time. This is monies well spent I will have these nice warm boots for a long time.
B003ELOYEA The most comfortable and warm boots I've owned. These boots are bottom line: amazing. Super comfy and warm. Zipper all the way down the inside of each boot. Good traction, but no flex in the sole. Super comfy, super warm. I chose these because I have large calves and the laces help if i need to loosen them. I wish I could wear them to bed! I would pay twice as much for these boots. I have owned many pairs of boots and none compare to these. GET THEM.
B003ELOYEA Timberland Women's Tall Boot These boots were comfortable.  I expected them to be warmer than what they were, but OK for not so colddays.  I wore these boots during nicer winter weather.I expected them to last longer than one winter season.  The zipper broke and the fleece inside didn't staysoft.
B003ELOYEA Favorite boot I love wearing these boots.  I feel so stylish and have received many compliments on them.  Plus, they are very warm and cozy.  When I first tried them on, however, they felt a little stiff and short in the toe area.  After I wore them around the house for 10 minutes to test them out, they loosened up and I quickly realized they are really comfortable.  It's best to wear them with long socks, or the fleece can be a little itchy.  Also, you need a narrow or straight leg style of pant because it's too hard to tuck in a flared bottom pant.  These are my favorite winter boots ever!
B003ELOYEA The Best Boots I Have Ever Owned I am beyond thrilled with my Timberland boots, there are sexy, tall, extremely warm, very well made, comfortable, waterproof, and most importantly they were in my size. I do not have a small foot and most shoe manufacturers don't bother to make a variety of sizes, but Timberland amazed me with all sizes, including wide.  I have never found all these wonderful features in a winter boot in my life.  The fleece lining completely fills the inside of the boot, so my feet stay so warm that if I wear socks my feet are too hot, this has never happened to me before! Timberland is known for excellent shoe construction and quality; I expect that these boots will last for a few years, however, I will keep you posted on their durability.  So far, I am in love with these boots.  I hope that Timberland continues to design more attractive, even taller, warm boots for women in many sizes.
B003ELOYEA Endless warmth! I have been searching for a pair of WARM boots for years, and everything I find online ends up being "fuzzy and warm" only above the ankle.  With these, the lining goes ALL the way down and keeps every part of your feet cozy and toasty (and my feet are ALWAYS freezing, even in the house).  These are perfect for winter, and look great with jeans tucked in or over the top.  The pocket on the side is functional, and the perfect size for an ID or credit card in case you don't want to carry a purse/wallet.They fit true to size, I'm right in between a normal 10 and a 10 wide, and ordered the wide - PERFECT!  They look fantastic, and don't even make my feet look like boats, as most flat boots/shoes do.  They aren't SUPER flat, after all, it is a boot with a thick sole, but they won't turn you into a giant.Over all great quality, very very well made.  I never would have spent the money, but received them as a Christmas present, and will definitely turn to Timberland for any further boot purchases ^_^
B003ELOYEA Too Cold, Broke Zipper wouldn't buy it again It doesn't really keep your feet as warm as I had hoped. Actually my toes kind of feel frozen compared to my Northface boots. But it does have much better traction and I don't slip as much. Though within a month of receiving them, the boots' side zipper broke...
B003ELOYEA Well worth the price I bought these boots after reading many reviews on how good they were. I must say they hold up to what's been said. I went sledding in them this past weekend and my feet have never been warmer. They are cute, warm and just great winter boots!
B003ELOYEA Great Boots! Exactly as advertised, warm and waterproof. Arrived early from seller. Worth every penny and I've received tons of compliments! I cannot say enough how much I  love these boots.
B003ELOYEA warm winter boot This boot is very warm and cozy. Comfortable soles. With the fleece inside it, I might go up a half a size from what you would normally wear. Also, the taupe color is more of a true taupe then the color my computer screen interpreted it to be, not as tan as I thought. I wouldn't recommend wearing them without socks, there is a bit of zipper lining that rubs on my ankles.
B003ELOYEA Nice Boots! These boots are great. I got them in black and they match everything. They are warm, comfortable and adjustable. I wear these over leggings or jeans and they always look amazing. I look forward to wearing them for the rest of this Chicago winter and many more to come.
B003ELOYEA Best. Boots. Ever. I live in western New York state, where annual snow fall is easily over 100 inches. When I finally realized that I needed to wear winter boots more often to not ruin all my shoes, I thought I might have to settle for something ugly to actually stay warm. I was blissfully wrong.These boots are the warmest boots I have ever had on. We have had an unseasonably warm and snowless early winter here, but they are so cute I keep wearing them anyway. This results in (a) lots of compliments on my boots and (b) occasional overheating, as the foot warmth they generate travels upward.I am looking forward to testing out their waterproof properties once we get a good old fashioned blizzard, but so far, these boots are just about perfect!
B003ELOYEA Fantastic winter boots! I got these last fall and wanted to test them out in the Canadian winter first before writing a review. This past week we had our first day of -25 and I cannot say enough good things about these boots! They kept my feet and calves so warm and cozy! I was out walking for quite a while and not once did my feet feel cold. I've jumped into snow banks with them and haven't felt a thing. Fit-wise I'm a size 8 but I ordered half a size up after reading the reviews here and I'm glad I did as the 8.5's are perfectly snug and very comfortable with socks on. I particularly like the laces on it as it allows me to have a nice tight fit when I wear it with skirts as well as a looser fit to wear with jeans. I've found myself using the side pocket more than I imagined as it's a perfect place to keep my metropass. Overall these are easily the BEST winter boots I've had so far. I got the dark chocolate pair and I love how smart they look. These babies get a lot of compliments and they're not just a pretty face, they do what they say they'll do. I'd looked around quite a bit for winter boots that didn't compromise on style to provide warmth and I can totally say I found what I was looking for in these babies. Highly recommended!
B003ELOYEA love them!! I've been looking for a good pair of waterproof, warm, and sexy winter boots for 3 years now. I've never bought shoes online before and went on a limb with these because they looked so comfortable, and I'm glad I did! They're comfortable, well-made, and will definitely make it through a few winters. I am usually between an 8.5 and a 9 and have narrow feet. I bought a 9 and they fit perfectly with a little extra room for bigger socks or inserts if I wanted to add them. I definitely recommend them to everyone!
B003ELOYEA So Glad I found these: perfect! i LOVE these boots!  i live in snowy mountains where i need these... at least 5 months out of the year and i couldn't be happier with any other pair: and believe me i've looked & tried!  I've been looking for at least 2 years for warm, comfortable, stylish boots WITH traction on the bottom and THESE ARE IT!my feet stay very warm w/out socks since there's fleece inside (sometimes too warm if its not that cold).they actually fit tight around my lean legs and come up high b/c my legs are long.they have great traction:  dimensional bottom & stick-sole.they are made from recycled materials!Great Great Great!  buy them!(they are on sale at the outlet stores: look there: i got mine for $50 and they have a 20% off military discount for another $10 off! so you could get them for $40!!!!)they're awesome!!!
B003ELOYEA Warm boots Purchased for daughter going to Mich. State, and walks a lot between classes.  Cold, snow, rain, she loves them. She claims they saved her life, ie warm dry, comfortable boots.
B003ELOYEA Couldn't have got any pair better than this one! I wanted a warm pair of boots that I knew it would fit me (having the lace-up is usually a good choice) and that was waterproof. I got it half a number up, from what I had read on reviews, and it fits perfectly. Enough space for when I want to use a thicker pair of socks. It's warm, and for the bit of rain I've been through since I got them, they work fine!! Not slippery and very comfortable! And they're beautiful!! Definitely the best choice I made on winter boots.The delivery was even sooner than expected.
B003ELOYEA Great buy Exactly what I wanted. Stylish, warm & functional. Fit is perfect. I'm usually a 7.5-8 & I ordered 8.5 which fits perfectly w warm thick socks.
B003ELOYEA Best Boots bought for the winter!!! I bought this boot in the Taupe color and its awesome! It's super warm and it's very stylish for the season. I was skepticale at first about the sizing but I went according to the reviews and bought a half size bigger.I would recommend this to any women thats looking for a warm, skid proof, stylish pair of boots.
B003ELOYEA Timberland Women's 21633 Earthkeepers Grandby Tall Fleece Lined... Love these boots! They are so warm and comfortable right out of the box. I wished Amazon still carried these because my daughters both wanted a pair but they were not available anymore:(
B003ELOYEA recycled fleece? I wanted to try a STYLISH pair of fleece-lined boots that would keep my freezing feet warm. My decision was to purchase the Timberland Fleece-Lined boots after reading the description and the many positive reviews. I thought I had found the toasty, warm boots I needed. They are easy to put on with the side zipper, very comfortable to wear, and best of all they look great, but my feet are NOT warm in them. The man-made fleece lining (I really hoped they were talking cloned sheep!) is a real disappointment since it didn't keep my feet warm. The boots do run a little on the small side and I could only wear one pair of thinner wool socks instead of the heavy wool I usually wear. I guess when I need my feet to stay warm, I'll wear my real fleece lined boots that aren't very stylish looking.
B003ELOYEA love them These boots are just as advertised, very warm, waterproof, stylish and true to size. Would highly reccomend them for anyone looking for a knee high boot.
B003ELOYEA SO WARM  :) Love these boots. Super warm & cute. They are a little difficult to get on- I recommend sitting down, pointing your toes, and tugging your heart out. Not much arch support but still more comfortable than most boots. Highly recommend them.
B003ELOYEA great boots!!! We have gotten record snows in OK this year so I have been living in these boots for weeks.  They are indeed waterproof and very warm, and comfortable enough to wear for long periods of time.  Like others have suggested buy a half-size larger than you usually wear to make room for the fleece.
B003ELOZSU Excellent Boots These boots are fantastic.  Extremely warm and waterproof.  Super comfortable.  I ordered the boots in my normal size and they fit perfectly.  Love them!
B003ELOZSU Perfect!!! I've been searching for the perfect winter snow boots for years and I've finally found them! I love these, they are the perfect mix of good looks and practicality.  The taller boot is flattering to my larger legs, and they are so cozy.  The fact that they are completely waterproof and super warm is so great for the moderate to nasty winters we get here in Buffalo, New York.  I'm now looking forward to shoveling the driveway because I know my feet will stay warm and dry.
B003ELOZSU Great product at wonderful price Used it a couple of times already and I am completely satisfied with this boot. It's comfortable to wear, warm and waterproof. I ordered half size bigger as some suggested in previous reviews and I should not have.
B003ELOZSU Warm, durable, but be careful breaking them in! Last winter, I bought these boots, and by the end of the winter, I was happy with them.  They're super warm, very durable, and protected my feet from the weather very well.  However, breaking them in was painful - even with heel pads, I developed blisters and had to be very careful getting in and out of the boots.  Once the boots became more flexible, and my feet more used to wearing these boots, they were fine.
B003ELOZSU Superb I would size up, normally wear size 9us and size 10 was a good fit for me. The Lining was warm and and my feet stayed warm ( I did have wigwam merino wool socks). My feet never got sore after walking for long distances and the boots were not heavy either.
B003ELOZSU Great boot! Bought these for my college daughter for treking around the city in winter. Did not love the way they came packaged as it looked like they had been opened, taken out and repacked. Box was missing most of the packing materials, but my they were new and unworn. Did get a great price on these. Best price I could find on line. Daughter LOVES the boots. Says they are warm and very comfy. I did purchase a half size larger as suggested by Timberland, so she has room for a thicker boot sock. So far she has worn them on a trip to the mountains, got them muddy and they cleaned up great.
B003ELOZSU Best WARM Boots! They run small! I got these boots a month ago, the taupe/light brown color, and they are the BEST boots I have ever owned!  The are super warm, keep my feet dry, and are comfortable enough to wear all day long.  Plus they look super cute.  No longer will I worry about snow, cold weather or winter because these boots are super functional.  I thought they were a little pricey at first, and I almost didn't get them, but since buying them and trying them out I have never had a regret.  I live in Boston, MA and it is only November, but we have had many days around 30F (or colder with windchill) and my feet have always been the warmest part of my body when I have these boots on.  I wear a size 7.5 but ordered an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.  Order at least one size up!  They are worth every cent-I may get the black or off white ones cuz they are fabulous looking too!
B003ELOZSU Heavy. They are warm and nice looking but they are too heavy.Also too tight on my feet even though I ordered one bigger size.
B003ELOZSU I love these boots These boots fits perfectly.  I ordered my regular size, and it is just right.  It is very warm and comfortable.
B003ELOZSU WARM , Heavy and GREAT!!! So comfortable!!! So warm, very comfortable and slight heavy - if you have to walk alot- true to size!!!LOVE IT!!!
B003ELOZSU Great boots! I bought these for a trip to Iceland.  They were a previous years model, so I was thrilled to see Amazon had my size in stock (local store didn't) and for a price that was half of the local stores.  Great fit, keeps your feet nice and warm, and very fashionable :)
B003ELOZSU Warm, comfortable and good looking The boots were one of the best investments in a while. We live in NY and they were perfect for the winter weather. My feet stayed dry and warm, which is not easy to do. After reading the reviews, I ordered them half a size larger and am glad. If you like to wear heavy socks, you should order them half a size larger than your usual tennis shoe size. Also, don't get them if you wide feet as they are fairly narrow.
B003ELOZSU I love my timberland's Yes they are snug at the toe, but that allows me to walk with ease. The boot feels more like a glove ..snug, warm, and light weight. They are perfect for me!
B003ELOZSU Ready for winter These boots fit snug but are not uncomfortable. I can tell they will extra warm when winter finally shows its face around here. Looks good with my skinny jeans and leggings. Just sad that I missed the sale when these were like $40 cheaper. : (
B003ELOZSU Greatest boots ever! I LOVEEEEE these boots, I am purchasing them again after two years of buying my other pair. I live in New England and the winters here are pretty brutal. These boots lasted through two winters! They would have lasted longer, if I didn't have sweaty feet and insist on not wearing socks with them sometimes which caused them to smell. The lining is nice and warm,warm enough to not wear socks...if thats your thing!I never had a problem with my feet being wet or cold. The soles are super comfortable, you can wear them all day and your feet wont hurt. So looking forward to my new pair arriving!
B003ELOZSU Little snug but very warm and waterproof I usually wear a 10.5 so I got the 11s assuming that I would be able to easily wear warm socks with them.  Well good and bad-they were more snug than I expected but I can wear thin socks and still be toasty warm.  They are waterproof-been through several slush puddles without any leaks.  I also like that the laces allow you to adjust the fit as needed.
B003ELOZSU Great Winter Boots..... Very Cute too... I love these boots. I am a size 10 sometimes I can go down to a 9 1/2 or up to an 11 depending on the maker of the shoe. I was looking for a great boot but because I don't like to guess sizes and always trust in reviews often time I will go check it out then go home and look for the best savings online and thats what I did here. I went to Timberland Shoe Store at the mall to try these boots on. Yes people are right they are tight/snug but the sales girl had told me when you wear them around for they will loosen up (she had been working for Timberland for 8 years I think she would know not to mention she had these same boots on). So when I got home I ordered the 10 and I'm glad I did. Yes they are snug but in one day of wearing them the did loosen up. Another thing she had told me was that if you go to big sometimes you can't tie them as tight as they need to be and that is how peoples feet get wet and snow gets in. Just something to consider when thinking about buying these. She said all to often  people say they are snug b ut winter boots sould be some what snug so they keep your feet warm dry. Anyways if you want real answers I suggest that you try them on at the store but I am just telling you what she women at Timberland had told me. I hope this helps.  These boots go for $200 at Timberland and NYC Shoes was selling the same things for $112.00 great deal. Super Cute, warm and comfy too!!! ;-) Happy Holidays
B003ELOZSU Satisfied!! Very nice, warm, comfy boots! Worth every penny! This is the second winter I have had them and living in Ohio they have gotten use and they are durable and I should expect to have them for a many more years!
B003ELOZSU Great Boots! The boots arrived sooner than I had expected and I just loved them! The fit is a little snug but I think they could even be worn without socks. They are so very WARM!
B003ELOZSU definitely worth the buy I've had these for a few months now and I live in Boston, MA. These boots are very warm, durable, and look great!! Like other reviewers said, you should buy a half size larger than what you usually buy because of the faux fur inside. Definitely worth the price.
B003ELOZSU worth it i get compliments on these boots all the time. best part is my feet stay warm and they are very comfortable.
B003ELOZSU No more cold toes Very warm, well fitting boots (I ordered size 10, usually wear 9.5; wore them w/ socks & felt fine).  I like that the boot has a higher shaft and that I can easily loosen the laces - without undoing them - to get the boot on and off.  We had another particularly hard winter and gave up on my ancient boots.  So glad I upgraded to the Timberline.
B003ELOZSU Great boots Wear these riding ATV's they are waterproof, they are light, feel like a sneaker.If you want to wear thick socks you'll need to order a half size larger.They don't keep my feet warm all day, but they are not frozen. We ride in 20 and 30 degree weather,Hard to stay toastie in those temps.Love them.
B003ELOZSU Best Winter Boot Buy Ever! My boots arrived two days ago and I couldn't be more pleased! Today was the coldest day so far in Nashville, TN and I was prepared.  These boots are extremely comfortable and warm. They feel like I'm wearing sneakers! My sister-in-law saw me wearing them today and insisted that I let her try them on. She was so surprised to see a stylish yet comfortable winter boot. I am now ordering her a pair so I can get mine back from her! I normally were an 8 but I ordered a 9 which was suggested  by numerous reviews and it was perfect.  I purchased the cream pair and I couldn't be more satisfied.  Timberland has really out done themselves.  Who knew you could get style and comfort in a snow/winter boot! Thanks Timberland! I'm now trying to figure out what color I will order next.....I want them all! If you are waivering, DON'T.....It will be one of the most satisfying purchases you ever make.
B003ELOZSU Great Boots! A Must Buy! I'm so glad i read the reviews before buying cause they do run a bit small but if you order a half size up you should be fine, i ordered a 8' 1/2 and i normally wear a 8 and they fit perfect! there is nothing more you could ever want in a winter boot that keeps you WARM,DRY, & COMFORTABLE altogether! thats why i give a five star! :)
B003ELOZSU Perfect winter boots I'm a southerner-turned-midwesterner, experiencing my first winter in the brutal midwest. Though it's been unseasonably warm winter, the temperatures have gotten pretty cold. I think the lowest temperature lately has been 0...and I wore these boots that day. I've basically worn them every day since November (it's February as I'm writing this), and these boots still look pretty good (minus the scratching and a bit of wear from the rock salt).These are warm on the inside. I wear pretty thin socks, and my toes are just fine. They're really comfortable, too. I was having some foot pain earlier in the year, but that's gone now -- these are so much more supportive than the flats I usually wear in warmer months.They're definitely not the cutest things ever, but they're not an eye-sore either. They're not super heavy.They fit me pretty true to size...a bit roomy in the toes, but there's room for some really thick socks. Overall, these are great for a harsh winter.
B003ELOZSU Warm and comfy I use it in Russia, Khabarovsk - minus 25-28C and it is warm enough. Boots are not so cute but it does not need to be so stilish. I looked for warm and comfortable boots and it is here. They are true for size. I ordered half size more and boots are a bit bigger.
B003ELOZSU Best purchase! I'm extremely satisfied with the purchase! The boots fit perfectly and are very comfortable. They are very light in weight so that you barely feel them on your feet, which doesn't make your feet get tired. And they ARE warm! I'm the kind of person who is freezing all the time and i really could't find shoes that would keep my feet warm during cold winter time. My last hope was these boots. And i'm very pleased i wasn't mistaken by making this choice! I was surprised by the quick delivery - I live in Sweden and made an order on a Thursday night and got the boots already on Monday morning. So i would definitely recommend these shoes. You won't regret if you buy them! ;)
B003ELOZSU Love them! They are great, warm and comfortable as well as water resistant, perfect for walking my dogs in bad weather and in the winter.
B003ELOZSU Perfect winter boots! Toasty warm tootsies! I bought these in a size 5.5 and that were a bit snug, which never happen to me. They do mold to your feet with time. However if you are sensitive to tight shoes order a half size up, especially if you want to wear thick socks (not that you'll need them!)
B003ELOZSU Great boots really great boots, fit a little big, but it's ok for winter. They're very comfort and warm. My feet stayed warm for an hour in -15C. It's the first winter pair for me, that I'm so happy with.
B003EV5JYO nice boots, but not for my toddler I bought these on a nice pre-season sale.  They match the product description quite well- attractive, flexible sole, seem to be warm (and they came with an extra set of laces in a pinkish-purple+brown, cute for girls!).  My 2 year old was very excited to try them on when they came in the mail.  Unfortunately, they are not going to work.  My main complaint is how HEAVY they are.  This may not be a problem for some kids, but for those who don't like wearing shoes in the first place the weight and clunkiness will probably be a dealbreaker.  My daughter (who is normally quite sure-footed) seemed very awkward and tripped more than once in the short time she wore them in the house-- I would hate to see what would happen outside in snow and ice.  Also, I ordered a full size up thinking they could last through the winter.  While they look clownishly large on her feet, she has less than 1/4" of room in the toe box to grow.  These boots are cute and look functional, but for the money I would rather find something that she feels comfortable in.  Last winter, she practically lived in a pair of sheepskin boots from soft star shoes. They were expensive but perfect (warm, extremely flexible sole, very lightweight, water resistant). I had hoped to find somethething less costly this year, but that might not be possible.  These will unfortunately have to be returned (never returned something from Amazon before; hopefully it goes well!)3 stars for quality construction, warmth, and good sale price... These would probably be great for older kids who don't mind the weight/bulk of snowboots.
B003EV5LR4 OMG - he's in love! Bought these for my 10y/o grandson for Christmas and he just loves them. He says they are cozy and warm and perfect fitting. I bought him a cheap snowboard, not knowing if he would enjoy boarding, but I did want a good pair of sturdy, warm boots. He says they are perfect for boarding. The price was definitely right too!
B003EV5LR4 great boots - buying the next size up!! great boots for children, good fit, lightweight, waterproof, comfortable and warm! what else can you expect? I am buying the next pair for winter 2012-13.
B003EV5NPY My Daughter Loves These Boots!!! Hi my name is kayla and i LOOOOOOOOOOVE my boots they make my feet  feel warm, i'm 7 and  my mom bot me these in pink  for christmas I LOVE them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003EV5NPY Amazing Bought these for my daughter for Winter in Germany.  She chose these over her other boots every time.  They kept her feet, and more importantly her toes, warm all winter.  They're still in great shape, and pending foot growth, she may even wear them again next winter.  If not, they are in the best condition, and can be handed-down to another child. Only issue was the shoe lace coming through the holes.  Simple fix by tying the ends in knots.
B003JJB7RO Pretty and warm Bought these to keep my feet warm in the house (in Fla) when we get a a blast of cold weather.  These are great as they're warm, not bulky plus they're pretty.
B003OBZSZO wow!!! So i got these boots and was disspointed at firsts. because the fur doesn't go along the w\ay to the sole. just the ankle part and i was thinking that they wont keep me warm. then i travel to -40 F and I was wearing them. Jesus!!! with 2 warm socks you almost won't feel the cold!!!! yes it was that cold!!! and they are not as slippery as Uggs!! Which is very important!! So I'm very happy! Now will have to clean them because of the color they get really dirty easily
B003OBZSZO I bought these about a year ago and still wear them After spraying them to protect the material, I have worn them for two winters now and they still look brand new on the outside. They fit great and keep my feet warm.
B003OBZSZO Great boots I love these boots! I already own two other pairs of unlined timberland boots that are super comfy. I like to wear them on cool days or in the fall, but they were not quite warm enough for me in these Chicagoland winters; I tend to get cold easily. I actually found these first on Zappos, but they did not have my size. I was delighted to see them on Amazon. They are comfortable and warm. I wasn't expecting it, but I actually have gotten complements on their cuteness.All in all this is a good sturdy boot, I would purchase them again.
B003OBZT3A Light Weight What i think is the selling point is they are light when walking, they are warm, skid proof and nice looking. I love my purchase.
B003OBZT3A Warm boots Nice, stylish boots, keep my feet nice and warm and they're water-proof. They look better with boot-cut pants rather than skinny pants in my opinion.
B003TFEA5O Love These boots are fantastic. They're heavy duty but still fashionable. They fit perfect (VERY hard to find for my narrow calves) and they keep me warm in winter (even for a snowy visit to NY!). People ask me where I got them all the time.
B004EWG3IS Comfortable and Warm Perfect socks.  So comfortable and warm.  They are perfect for hiking boots.  They also do not make your feet sweat.
B004FESCK2 Montana sexy!!!!haha i bought the timberland boots at the begining of winter and i am sooooo happy:)i call them montana sexy kinda funny but true they are well made "tuff"keep my feet toasty warm & they are good look'n . i wear the boots over my jeans and i know they look good LOL:)out here in montana you cant wear "sissy" boots or you will be cold and wet.i can say threw all the water, snow, mud, and miles travled, they have kept my feet warm, dry and confortable:)love the rings for shoe string instead of hooks because they will not catch and trip you.so i am supper supper happy with my boots!! and they are also green boots and good on environment extra pluss:):):)yea go timberland you made one happy girl, thanks
B004J2HSIC Good It's really good pair of boots. Soft, confortable and it's kept my feet warm!Great product for cold and wet weather.
B004J2HSIC Warm, comfortable and rugged So far these have been the perfect boot.  They're warm, comfortable to wear and walk in, have good traction and seem rugged.  I used to like the Corcoran brand which I originally bought on base years ago and have replaced through online purchases a couple times but it's getting harder to find the ones I liked online.  Frankly with the Gore-Tex liner I suspect these boots will ultimately be better anyway.Takes a little breaking in but they're my daily-wear boot now and so far so good.
B004J2HT6I Comfy boots Very warm and comfortable.  The top needs a bit of breaking in before the fit to your ankle is good.  The zippers do tend to work their way partly open.  Wish there was a fix for that.
B004J2LF5Y Comfortable and warm These fit me well (I'm more like a 14.5), are warm, comfortable to year around for longer periods of time, and so far have remained waterproof. I've not used them too many times yet, but they seem to be great boots.
B004J2PCHG Warm and Cozy Mens Boot Great fit.  Fantastic boot for winter activities.  Warm fur on the inside provides insulation for your foot.  My husband researched this boot before he purchased, he said it was a great purchase.
B004J2PCHG Awesome Winter Boots!! I Love these Boots!  They are rugged, waterproof and extremely warm!!!!  Not to mention they look great!!  I have a wide foot and these boot fit me comfortably.
B004J2PCHG Comfortable and warm boot This boot is well-constructed and very comfortable to wear.  Stated sizing runs true.  I have not yet tried them in very wet, cold conditions, but based on their appearance, materials and construction, I believe they will do very well.  The fleece in the boot top  is very soft and warm.
B004J2PCHG Great Fit and WARM! I ordered these boots for the east coast snows and the upcoming spring rains. They fit well even with my narrow feet. They're also comfortable enough to wear all day.Great boot!
B004J2PCHG Everything I was looking for. What can I say, these boots are the perfect winter boot. I got these boots because I'm going hiking in Korea and it's fairly mountainous and snows quite a bit there. There waterproofing on these boots could not be better and the cotton fluff lining that starts at the top of the shoe continues throughout the entire inside of the boot. They are very warm. Great traction on the bottom. 10/10
B004K22QM4 Comfortable, Warm Boot Bought these for my boyfriend and he loves how comfortable, light and warm they are.  It's been through one Boston winter and there's been no problems with them. Not only do they protect the feet, but they are stylish to boot! Pun intended.
B004K22QM4 great boot so far I've had these a couple weeks. These are my everday boots - i wear them to work, and out. I live in the city so I'm walking most of the time as well. They only took about a day to break in, and they are super comfortable. I didnt get all the blisters that usually accompany a set of new boots. The only thing I will say is that these things are really warm. Even in the fall here in chicago my feet are sweating. This will be awesome in the winter, but just beware of that if you're in a warm climate.I'll surely put 1000 miles on these things, and if they last me a year, then they get 5 stars for sure.
B004K22QM4 Terrific I love these. Handsome looks, well-sourced materials, sturdy construction, waterproof, warm, and flexible. The price is fair, too. Very happy with them!
B004K66PAE Comfortable, warm, waterproof and good looking I bought these boots because I liked the look and the dark olive color but never realized they would be so comfortable and warm. They run a bit narrow and short so I sized up 1/2 size. Love to wear them and receive lots of compliments.
B004L8TCPG warm but tight These Timberland boots are warm and comfy - BUT the zipper is inset and does not zip open all the way to the top of the boot. So to actually wear these 'Eskimos' I have to plan ahead with just the right socks and jeans, sit on a low bench, and stuff my feet in while pulling hard.  Once they are on they're fine, but prepare for a struggle - or order a half size larger.
B004LKVGNU Really loved these I really loved these boots, they are warm and are very well made. They are perfect winter boots. I had to send them back because the calf was a little too small
B004LKVGNU comfy It took about a day to break these in, but they are so warm and comfy.  I know I live in Dallas, but I have been wearing them this winter in the 20's and 30's (the few cold weeks we have had) and I was completely warm.  Cons: Made in China, the intereior is warm, but it's not shearling.  Hoever, I get a ton of compliments and they are less bulky than Uggs
B004LKX9HQ Wear it all the time. Wear it all the time. I wish I got the darker color though, brown or black. They are really warm and compy. I got size 7 but I wear 6.5, I wear just the nylon because thicker socks will be too tight but with my nylon it is still warm.
B004LKX9HQ Comfortable boot Moved to the NE from the south & needed a warm comfortable boot. Should be perfect for the cold days ahead!!
B004LL1ELS Wonderful and Warm These boots are very warm and very comfortable.The nylon shank adds support and helps absorb shock. The rubber heel of the shoe provides traction. I wore them for the first time in the snow and they are so comfortable.The outside is suede (I have the chestnut colored) and has a plush fake fur lining and collar to keep out cold winds.I am very pleased with these boots and happy with the construction, appearance and comfort.
B004LLSV5U Great Snowboots I gave these boots 5 stars because they are warm, waterproof and well made.  If you don't want to have a problem putting them on, order a 1/2 size larger.  I have received many compliments on how lovely and well made they are.  Love them!
B004LLSV5U pretty in pink ... VERY WARM and Comfortable ..the look and style is cool, the price was great . enjoy wearing them cool boots
B004LLSV5U Stylish & Comfy This boots are SUPER warm and very comfortable. I also love the color coordination.I'm very pleased with the purchase.
B004LLSV5U Very warm My wife loves these - she is always complaining about cold feet, but no more! They are huge though, so are hard to travel with (unless you wear them on the plane ;-)...
B004LLSV5U my feet are so warm! when I first tried them on the interior felt a little odd, I think because of where the seams are, but I quickly got used to it, and now I love them!
B004LLSV5U Great boot These are certainly the best pair of winter boots I have owned. They keep me very warm and are comfortable enough to take a long hike in. No regrets in purchasing these. Plus, they are cute! :)
B004LLSV5U Fabulous Winter Boots! These boots are fabulous!  I live in Alaska and wear a dress to work almost everyday and i just couldn't ask for anything better.  They come up to my knees, they are warm and they have good tread.
B004LLSV5U Great boots Good fit size 8 is right On. Comfy warm and funky pretty in these colors. Compliments right away. Bargain pricing was icing on the cake.
B004LLSV5U Perfect for the Winter Bought these for a ski trip to Colorado. Lifesaver! Very comfortable, durable and stylish. Kept my lower legs and feet warm without even wearing wool socks. It also kept me from slipping on the icy pavement. Received many compliments from friends.
B004LLSV5U Very warm boots Bought these on one of the lighting deals during the holiday season.  I liked that these boots came in color outside of black and brown.  Very warm boots according to my mom who walks between 5-10 miles a day during the winter season.  She said her feet never got cold and told me that the boots never got &#34;heavy&#34; throughout her entire walk.
B004NRUZQ0 Greatest boots These boots are top quality. I have gotten so many complements on them. They are both warm and extremely comfortable. I wear them with pants or skirts, turned down or pulled up. This was a purchase that exceeded my expectations!
B004NRUZQ0 Comfy boot Now that I have had these thru a winter, they are warm and comfy.  I think I am damaging the back of the heel boot, slipping in and out of them.  It's okay, as I bought them on sale.  I wear them with the fold up.  I think they look better and the stuff keeps my legs all the warmer!
B004NRYKZC Great for walking I bought these boots for a trip I will be taking this year to a cold and icy place. I plan to do a lot of hiking, and I thought these would be a great choice, since they are waterproof, suited for hiking and cold weather conditions. Ever since these boots arrived, I have been wearing them at every opportunity. They are very comfortable and warm. I wear them to walk to and from work. Even though I live in a pretty warm climate (we haven't had any snow this year), I seldom feel that these are too warm (although I can tell that I won't be wearing them into the springtime). These boots are perfect because they're understated-which I appreciate in a winter boot.
B004P81K9I Great boot! My daughter loves them. Easy to put on, stylish, and bonus - they are warm and waterproof! I'd highly reco for this or for next winter.
B004REL8TW WOW very warm I bought this boots for my son because of the cold weather close approaching so he can be nice and warm, as soon as the boots came my son did not waist any time in trying them onI had to tell him to slow down it's just a pair of boots he said "mommy can't you see what I see warm Timberland boots and did I forget to say they are Timberland boots"that is why I give them a 5 star rating because my son loves them.My intention of buying this boots was because they are warm winter boots and the price $49.05 with shipping $58.66 how can you go wrong.
B004REL8TW Timberland Boots Very good product.  My daughter wears her boots daily and loves them. They are keeping her feet warm in these horrible weather months.
B004REL8TW Very good and warm boots I buy a third pair. One time for my wife. 2 times at gift. Everyone loved these shoes. Now my daughter will be comfortable and warm in the winter and in the slush.They are very beautiful, warm and do not get wet!
B004RF13C8 Winter Protection This is a sturdy and well constructed boot ideal for cold winter days. The seller delivered as promised and it is indeed a smart purchase for my grandchild.
B004T0YVZ2 Very nice boots of high quality! My daughter and me were just admired with these boots! They fit great and seem to be warm (-25F/-32C). Not bulky, not stiff - just exactly we've been looking for the winter!
B004T19U7U winter boots My daughter picked these out & is on her second winter, very warm comfortable bootsWould definently buy Timberlands again.
B004T19U7U BUT FOR GIRLS I loved the boots but the sole and backside  had pink on it. I tried to convinced myself that my little  boy can wear it bec. it is warm and waterproof but my older son said it was really for girls.  I must confess that I did not take particular attention to the reviews. I was looking for little boys winter boots and this boot popped out with 5 star rating so I got it.
B004T19U7U Excellent choice for winter They very much were pleasant to my daughter. She dresses them now at a temperature - 30C and to it is warm in them. The material suede soft, a sole doesn't slide even at a hard frost. And also they look beautifully. Good purchase.
B004TDWITU excelent whats the main its really very warm,i am not afraid my daughter legs would be frozen in winter,inside it is  fur lined
B004TDWITU Snuggly These boots are great quality and warm. However they were very hard to get on at first even though they seem to be the right size. Overall, a good value for Timberland quality.
B004WO3BIS Warm I am a Timberland fan! I love these boots, they are very warm as the fur is on the entire inside of the boot. It is a nice casual  boot to wear during the winter months.
B004WO3BIS Cool These boots are wonderful. They are the perfect mix of dressy and casual. They are warm and fit true to size on my son's feet. I hope they will be available next winter because I will be looking for them again in my sons size
B004XYPKR2 Warm, well-made, and wool-free Eaxctly what I needed: warm boot socks that wouldn't give me a dry skin wool-allergy issue. They seem durable too.
B0052A6Z70 Warm and comfortable I bout this boot to use it in sky trips and snow. It is really comfortable and warm. One particular feature I like is the zipper on the side which makes it really easy to get the boot off and on.
B0052D2W6A winter coat The coat was  for  my nephew...it fit him well but most importantly it kept him warm for the winter and its waterproof.
B0052D2XQY lightweight yet warm. Bought this for my 9 year old.  The coat seems to be warm because of the lining but not too bulky like goose down coats.  My son seems to like it.  Its a good coat for in between fall and winter or winter and spring.  I might go with something heavier for those bone chilling days but overall its a good coat.
B0059QQEXW Great Boot. My daughter and I love these boots. They come up to her knee and it also keeps her feet warm.
B005A5YQ2S Comfortable, warm, colorful I purchased these as a gift for my beau. He's a man of few words, but the words he used to describe these boots, speak volumes. I shall now translate those words... Comfortable=I hiked to the peak of Pico Duarte in these boots, for 10 consecutive hours and my feet were neither in pain, nor did they have blisters. Warm=Once the sun set, the temperature on the mountain dipped to the low 30s (fahrenheit) and my feet/toes did not suffer from the cold temperature. Colorful=They are not your grandfather's boring old hiking boots. These are stylish enough to wear on the street and colorful enough for someone to find you... If you lose your way in the mountain. But you won't, because you're awesome and have a good sense of direction!
B005A5YQ2S Great boots I love these boots.  They're warm, comfortable and perfect for hikes.  I wear them hiking in nature and around cities with cobbles or uneven surfaces.  They look good with jeans.
B005APTZ4W Very sophisticated Style The boots came in mint condition. It takes a litlle bit time for your foot to adjust with it. They are pretty warm and can fight tough New York weather. I reccomend this product
B005BWB2QI Keep on buying them Every two or so years I buy a pair of these shoes. They are great for summer and winter. Not too hot in the summer and warm in winter. I use them every day. They are comfortable and well built. Very durable. Great.
B005GYECXQ comfortable & good-looking Timberland size is biger than others. I ordered 7.5 and it feels like 8, but it fits comfortable and feels warm.
B005I6Z4JI comfy boots These are comfy boots only down fall is they are warm with the waterproof liner for working indoors at times
B005I6Z4JI NOT FOR COLD WEATHER!!! Boots are warm & comfortable but the soles turn to hard plastic in colder temperatures and make it almost impossible to stand up
B005LCQYYS very comfy! still breaking them in but are really cozy..be my outdoor shoes come the warm weather..they should be perfect...Hi Mom..duck...this is more than 1 word...and now, for something completely different
B005Y7PQNU Very waterproof My wife got these for me as a Christmas present.  I was very impressed with the quality and how warm they are for non-insulated boots.
B005Y7PQNU Awesome Very comfy boot,great if you are on your feet all day! Very warm in cold weather as well! Quality boots!
B006OVNH5E wonderful, thick and warm i was pleasantly surprised to discover how thick these socks are.  my 4 y/o loves the stripes, the colors are bright and fun, and it's a relief to know he will have warm feet when he has these on.
B006T2YLPS Great boots My boots feel good comfortable and are easy to wear all day.They are waterproof and since I work nights they keep feet very warm
B006T307QE very durable boots! These boots are really durable, very firm and warm in cold weather.the 9.5 fit we'll, but I went With the 2E which turned out to be a bit wide.no big deal just put on some thick socks and they got perfect!
B006T307QE Super comfortable, waterproof and warm 2 days after I bought the boots I used them to go hiking in the mountains during a snow storm. Super comfortable, waterproof and warm. well worth the money
B006T307QE Comfortable and happy Very comfortable and fit like a glove. They are warm also and don't slide to much just wish the tounge would stay put.
B006T32HGC Great boot for the price!!!!! This boots are awsome!! They are comportable and suprisingly lighter than my other timberland work boots. I work outside during extreme weather out in the Sierra Mountain and during the winter time, I always have a problem with finding a boot that has a lot of mobility in the snow while working and at the same time keeping my toes warm. This morning was one of those extreme winter condition days and so far the boots are keeping me mobile while keeping my toes warm. I like it so far!!!The only cons I have with the boot is that when its hot outside my feet sweat, but I guess that is the tread off for the waterproof part of it. The second thing is that is a little to big for the size that I ordered. It feels like I'm wearing a size bigger than my other boots.Now the big question is how long will they last? Hope they last me during the whole winter season. Highly recommended and will buy again. Five star all the way for me. It meets what I need it for, plus more.......
B006T32HSK They fit perfect and are very warm. I bought them for my husband who is a logger and we have extreme weather condiions this year his feet have stayed very warm. His foot is wide at the toes and they fit is perfect not to tight.
B006T32HSK Awesome boot One of the best purchases yet and can't beat the price. Both warm and waterproof in Chicago's winter...did I mention comfortable? 3 for 3!
B006T32TKG This are great boots for the dead of winter When it's really nasty out these are key.  Warm and waterproof, they are winter beaters.  I love um, but they get packed away in spring definitely solely a cold weather boot.
B006T32TKG Warm Feet Fit well, comfortable right out of box. After working outside with cold feet this winter, I figured I would give these boots a try. Very comfortable boots in 10 degree weather.
B006T32TKG Good boots Aggressive tread, and comfy too. 2 hours to walk them in and they're ready to go. I recommend them them anybody that needs a warm work boot.
B006ZGV9LM Best boots ever I bought these because they were tall with a nice heel, waterproof, but had lots of style.  I am very pleased with the fit and comfort.  I live in Chicago and the weather has been very cold and snowy this winter.  I am able to wear them with just nylons and my feet have felt warm even in the below zero weather.  Even walking through the snow my feet have remained dry and warm.  I would recommend this boot to anyone looking for protection and style.
B006ZGV9LM Embrace winter with comfort and style! They are the Perfect winter boots, guarantee waterproof . Still has style, choice of colors are great!Love the heel and the hight of the boot.
B006ZGZ9RM Perfect Winter Wedge This boot is exactly what I wanted. The leather is wonderful, and the lining is thin- but super warm and kinda fuzzy. It was a nice surprise. The boots have excellent grip and are good to walk in. The only thing I don't love is the first day wearing them was a little unpleasant. The bridge of the toe box is really tight on the Right boot. I have normal to maybe a little wide feet. But it is disproportionately tight on the right. Nothing a little stretch and saddle soap can't fix. Overall, a total keeper.
B006ZGZ9RM Love these boots! These are worth the price!  They are warm and great looking with a good wedge.Also, nice sole with tread for winter.
B006ZIGT4C Timberland short boots These boots are warm, comfortable, and take NO time to break in. They're a tiny bit big, but that's what socks are for.
B006ZIJ0PW Great Boot. Warm, comfy, stylish.  I could go on forever.  These boots are the quality you would expect from Timberlands.  Love these boots.
B006ZIJ0PW Really like these boots **UPDATE**  I've had these for about a year and I still love them!  So warm and comfy.  With the temps around 40 below, my feet NEVER got cold.  Can't say enough good things about these bootsI really like these boots because they keep my feet warm.  They were really tight when I first put them on, but that have loosened up after a couple of wears (I had to wear thin socks).  They run small are a narrow.  I usually wear a 8 or 8 1/2 but ordered a 9 after reading other reviews.  I would recommend these boots for cold weather.  We have been having record cold temps and my feet haven't been cold yet.  Order a size or two larger than you normally would and know they do run narrow.
B006ZIT6QA Warm and good looking boots I love the way these look under either pants or a skirt. They are warm for my New England surroundings. I like that they have a zipper so you can get them on and off quickly. The "olive" is much more brown than it is green, which I was hoping for, so I'm very pleased with the color. The quality seems to be very good as well and looking forward to wearing these for several years.
B006ZIUWOA Love them! These came quickly and are very comfortable. I've worn them every day for a couple of weeks. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could. One caveat: The first time I put them on, the left boot was a bit tight. It quickly loosened to comfortable (within 15 min). The right boot was also a bit tight, both around the toes and a bit lower at the widest part of the foot. The right boot has remained slightly tight. Found that I could not wear that extra pair of warm socks I wanted to wear in Minnesota winters! However, the lining is quite warm and when I wore the extra warm socks, I found my feet were actually too hot when worn indoors - a first for me! So I've been wearing these with just a pair of regular socks and my feet have been quite warm and comfortable, even in our below-zero temps! (I'm only outside for 10-15 minutes at a time, though.) I would recommend these. They look great, too, if you like the look online! They look just the same in person.I updated this review (6/26/13) after most of the winter wearing them. Changed to 5 stars. The boots looked and felt fabulous all of our long winter. I'd recommend weather treating them before wearing so the color and feel of the leather stays attractive.
B006ZIV6PY Great outdoor boot! I love this boot, bought in both the medium brown and dark brown colors! Size 11 is a tad small (I have slightly wide feet) but is now very comfy after a few wearings. Keeps you toasty and warm in cold weather and the in snow! I can't wear them in weather warmer than 55 degrees Fahrenheit as they keep you too warm! I keep them waterproofed with mink oil, it has not darkened the lighter boots up too drastically. I really hope Timberland brings these back again! The only change I would make would be for the tongue of the boot to be attached the whole way up so the entire length of the boot could be waterproof! Super cute for my parks and recreation job, stylish enough to wear out and about in town, and durable enough for taking hikes in! Way to go Timberland!
B006ZIV6PY earthkeepers are warm and comfortable i was looking for a cold weather, water resistant , tall boot, with a little heel.these fit the bill.  they look cute with jeans or leggings tucked in. i tried some of the Duckboot warm weather boots out there, but when i actually tried them on , i did not like that look.the leather is from a Eco friendly tannery, which is nice. the pile is thin, which makes it easy to get in and out of the boot.the laces are not to bad to tighten. probably will be a little easier once the leather breaks in .
B006ZJ2ZUI I like them but... I like these boots. They look good and are of good quality but the only issue I had with them was there isn't any lining inside the boot so during the winter months when it rained and/or snowed, if I didn't have on enough socks my feet would get cold. In my opinion, these boots are good for presentation and if it's raining in warm/cool weather climates but if it's winter time and/or it's a cold, wet day then either double up on your socks or find some other shoes with better installation to wear.
B006ZTKFW8 Very comfortable and warm boots Order true size, it really fits as expected! Very comfortable & warm, light boots. Highly recommended for fall/winter season hiking.
B006ZTTV1O Great casual Boot Very comfortable, they are not lined so warm socks if wearing in the winter. Easy on and off. Make sure you waterproof them before going outside. I bought the same style except without the laces 2 months before, love them, but just had to have these too!
B006ZVM90M So far, so good. These boots are super comfortable and easy to get on. The size is just right. They seem really warm but I haven't had a chance to wear them in extreme weather yet so I'll have to update this review at a later date.
B006ZVM90M Love them! Woke up to a foot of snow today, and the boots were at my doorstep!  These are absolutely adorable and so warm.  They fit great - I would say true to size.  Depending on the shoe, I  wear a 7-7.5, so I ordered a 7.5.  When I first put them on, I had thick socks on, and they felt a hair tight - as soon as I had them laced up and walked around in them, they felt great.  They're extremely comfortable, and very warm.  They have a  gusseted tongue going about two thirds of the way up, and rest is open. These boots appear to be well made, feel sturdy, and the eyelets felt secure - but I would expect nothing less from Timberland.  Lots of compliments already and I absolutely love them!  Wishing the winter would last a little longer!
B006ZVOLHQ Warm and Stylish These boots are stylish, warm and very comfortable and keeps your feet warm even during winter walks in the snow, very good quality.
B006ZVOLHQ So warm and fuzzy Wore these camping in -20 below weather and my feet stayed warm and toasty.Very nice and great quality. Strongly recommend
B006ZVOLHQ Cute, warm, and just what I ordered! I love my boots! I have enough room in them to wear heavy winter socks and they are wide enough to wear them with my jeans. I haven't had a chance to wear them in the cold and snow due to unseasonably warm weather, but will update my review when I am able to do just that.
B006ZVRS1C Grrreat shoes Well, this shoes are pretty close to perfect - warm enough for the autumn, not to warm as 6-inch, and look be-a-utiful
B006ZVT856 Great Boots High quality material. Very comfortable boots. Not too tight, not too loose. Very light and keeps your feet warm. And i can stretch my toes!
B0070ZBUES Just what we needed for the VERY snowy winter we are having!! Ordered these for my 5 year old grand daugher, and she is very pleased.  They keep her feet warm, look cute, very well made.
B00710TZM6 Happy warm 12-year-old Nice solid boots, fit my son well. He is happy with styling, warm but not too heavy. Seem well constructed.
B00711TQNS Perfect for winter My daughter loves these boots. They are warm and rugged but the quilted upper allows some breathing so her little feet are comfortable during the day.
B00711TQNS Wonderful!! Purchased these for our granddaughter for a cold winter.  She loves them and they fit so nice.  Slip off and on easily and they are waterproof.  Great Buy!!
B00711TQNS Luxurious look & feel ! Lovely boot which were kind and soft on the eye and feet. Very comfy and warm . My daughter's favorite !
B00711TQNS Winter Protection I rate this boot four stars because it is a well constructed boot and my grand daughter says it keep her feet warm on extra cold days. It arrived on time and within the promised delivery date.
B00711UNWG warm We don't have any snow yet but it's awfully cold.  This boot is exactly what I was looking for.  The fleece shown at top of cuff continues all the way through the boot!!! .  They're tall enough to keep her ankles warm but not so tall that she has to change to shoes at school to avoid being too hot.
B00711UNWG these are great for the price and they are warm. nice boot. fur all the way throught the inside. my daughter loves them.,get you some waterproof and you are good to go.
B00712KA3C Best horse riding boots! My daughter wears these to ride horses. She says they're extremely comfortable and they keep her for warm. We will continue to purchase these boots in the future.
B00712L3X8 Rugged yet fashionable These boots I bought for my teenage daughter are very comfy, warm and rugged yet still look fashionable for everyday wear. She also wore them for at the Grand Canyon in the winter on a hike and mule ride where they held up pretty well. The tread is OK but not for heavy duty hiking as she did slip on a patch of ice on a steep trail.
B0071BXIBE Warmth throught the winter for a six year old... Now both my grandsons will have a warm and cozy nights sleep with their new P.J.s  even if their blankets get kicked off... only complaint was I couldn't find more of a selection to buy.
B0072AE45S Fit somewhat large Fitted somewhat large but there Timberland, warm and and comfortable nice, nice comfortable and warm the only thiing is they were not waterproof
B0077635G6 warm so much It was so warm to were, eventhough the weather is so cold, it keep warm all day. my husband love it very much.
B0077635G6 Perfect winter boot! Not one complaint and would definitely buy again! Fit true to size and warm, warm, warm!!! Even in temps out on the ice at 10 degrees!
B0077635G6 Warm, soft and comfy These are really comfortable boots. I read a review that said to down-size a full size, but I don't find that to be the case at all and I am glad I didn't do that. Fast to slip on and lace up. My first day was 4 degrees and wind (Wyoming, early winter) and they were great.
B0077635G6 Would buy again These boots are warm, comfortable and light weight. They fit right and I would recommend these to anyone. love them!
B00777OUQY Great boots Real comfortable fit. Insulated boots keep feet warm in subzero Midwestern weather. Have been wearing them 8 hours a day outdoors without a problem.
B00777OUQY Comfy & Warm but Vulnerable Leather These boots look as good as they feel (good in my opinion).  My biggest concern is the soft leather they're constructed of.  I own the Whiteledge 6&#34; hiking boots as well, made from same leather, that easily gouge and scratch.  They are comfortable and warm though so if exterior durability isn't a concern, then I recommend testing their full life-span for yourself.
B007782V1O Perfect! This is a perfect sturdy fall/winter boot. It's super versatile and cute AND keeps your feet warm during the winter months. I go to school in Minnesota and can walk to classes in these in the winter. I love them!!
B007782V1O Great winter boot! Better then expected kept  my feet warm and dry all winter!They are super warm and look great after months of useIm very happy with this boot
B007782V1O I LOVE THESE BOOTS! I bought these after interminable online browsing.  They are a cross between a hiking boot and my beloved black leather Chuck Taylor hi-top sneakers.  The Chucks have been fine for the past few winters but this year my feet got cold with the weather (in South Carolina!) and I have been unable to warm them up again.  Timberland came to my rescue.  There's a fake sheepskin lining around the interior angle, though, unfortunately, not in the footbed.  There are certainly days when I have to wear thick socks to keep the feet warm enough. I love the fact that there's no faux fur poking out of the top.  I don't like to tuck my pants, jeans or leggings inside of boots so these actually look a bit dressier than your standard boot.  They are true to size even with thicker socks...a bit heavy but, hey, they're not snow boots or UGGs.  I do plan to waterproof them since the exterior is suede and brushed leather.  Best of all, I got a complement on them the very first day I wore them! My husband and I laughed and agreed that it was a good omen! They have a good tread, nice and low heels (for those of us who have given up heels for life) and, as I discovered last night, they have good traction on sleet!  They will definitely get me through the winter in style until it's warm enough for my Chuck's again! Highly recommended.
B007782V1O Just okay and failed to keep the feet warm for 14 and below Bought these boots for my trip but they failed to keep my feet warm in once the temp hit 14F and below Could be the fact that the fleece is only lined along the sides of the boots and none at the sole. As for the sizing, I usually wear size 7W or 7.5, so I ordered a 8.5M to cater space for thicker socks. But the boots still run tight when I tried to wear the thicker socks. So for those with wide feet, would recommend that you stick to the Wide sizes.
B007782V1O Perfect! i love the boots. they're nice and comfortable  they keep me warm! i recommend these boots! :) thank you! Hehe
B007782V1O These are the best since original chucka boots. These boots I have warn since it got cold here in New York.They are warm and and comfortable. Can still wear a medium medium weight weight winter winter sock. A great fit. Want to get another color.
B007782V1O Great boots These boots are waterproof-ish (see below), reasonably warm, and more attractive than standard Timberland boots, though certainly less heavy duty. They are pretty snug initially but stretch out as you wear them. I am normally a 7.5-8, and I got an 8W (I originally got the 8M, and honestly didn't find much difference between the two). I can easily wear them with thick wool socks.The one problem I have with these boots is that the toes aren't quite warm enough in the winter, particularly if I accidentally step in a slush puddle (the wonders of east coast city winters...). The fleece lining doesn't extend to the toes. Also, I've noticed that the boots don't dry very quickly when they get wet (which is definitely a contributor to the cold). I'm considering spraying them with waterproofer.So, I think they're worth it for the appearance (and they're a bit cheaper), but they aren't insulated or quite as waterproof as the standard Timberland boots. I do like that these keep my ankles warm and they don't let snow/rain in!
B007782V1O Great boot for the winter I think this shoe is very comfortable. It's a bit bigger then expected, but I like it because it's possible to wear warm socks in the winter!
B007782V1O Comfortable & warm Got these boots for my daughter for Xmas & she loves them. Wearing them in 20 degree weather & she said her feet were toasty.
B007782V1O My Daughter bought these boots and can say no bad thing about them. We live in a (very) cold climate - it has not been cold yet - lower 20s - but she claims that with a good pair of socks her feet stay warm but not overheated and that they are comfortable. I give it four stars because I am only repeating what I hear and paraphrasing at that.
B007784JI2 great boots I really like these boots and being from Colorado they have come in handy to keep my feet warm. On top of that I have gotten some complements on how stylish they appear and go with pretty much with what I wear. I am still breaking them in, but so far I love them.
B007784JI2 Great for cold weather I brought this for a trip to Ukraine in the winter where the temp was 0 C or 32 F and it did not let me down. They are very comfortable and have thick soles.
B007784JI2 Great Buy These boots are just what I was looking for. Light and very comfortable. Can wear all day.Really keep my feet warm in this Michigan winter.Saw the same boot at Macy's for $125.00
B007784JI2 Warm boots! I didn't know exactly what to expect with this boots but the very first time I put them on my feet felt warmer right away. They are very comfortable too.
B007784JI2 Boots All good! Fit as advertised and very stylish. They give you a little lift as well. Comfortable and warm boot!
B007784WSO Finally - a boot that didn't break! I've had a bad string of boot experiences this past winter (2014).  After having 3 pairs break the first time I wore them, I went with these.  So far, so good - glad to know that Timberland still knows how to make durable, comfortable and warm boots!
B007784WSO good fit.. I have been looking for this particular shoe for a long time winter is coming and I'm ready.they keep my feet nice and warm.
B007784WSO Great winter boots but a bit bulky. Great quality boots. Warm and waterproof but a bit on the heavy side. Fit was good especially if you wear thick socks though I don't think you need to in most cases with these shoes. Would have gave it a five but delivery took way too long!! Paid for 2 day shipping and got it a week and a half later. Amazon did give me credit on my account but was still disappointed with how long it took!
B007784WSO Fashionably warm Very nice looking boot with comfort to accompany it. Fits just right with a cushion feel to them & very warm.
B007JTV5G8 Nice Boot Fit- Like all Timberland footwear I have purchased, the boot was a bit narrow, but perfect for my daughters foot.Style - My daughter likes them, so that's a bonus!They're well made, not flimsy, lined with a special fabric for warmth.Winter in Canada has just begun and so far they are warm enough.  Not for playing in the snow.
B007V4YLR6 must have fleece ordered this jacket. came in today and it is better than i expected. very soft and very warm. love it!
B0080CACCG Comfortable and warm Socks fit snug, are thick and warm, and held up well over the long winter. I would recommend them to anyone.
B0080CACCG Great fit and warm. These are about half as thick as thermal socks and just as warm.  Great for casual dress shoes.  They seem very high quality, I'm ordering another pack.
B008AH77XS Winter jkt Bought the timberland winter jacket for my 9 1/2yr old grandson and he loves it. Especially loves the warm hood
B008AH77XS Very warm Very large and warm jacket. I wanted something lighter so I retuned it because the weather isn't that cold here.
B008P34Q4A I believe this is the 4th pair. I have problem feet.  These are wonderful.For my particular walking issues.I live in a warm climate and these are all I wear.
B008TNCG6Q Warm, Smaller then expected.had to return for larger size.  Well constructed, warm.  Would buy againThe sole is very durable and will go outside or in
B008UTADGY good fit and price With winter approaching I am always looking for comfy alternatives to sneakers to keep my kids feet warm. These are great. Not super preppy but nice enough to wear with pants besides jeans.
B008VPU0GK Amazing boots I bought these boots for a trip around the US. They are really comfortable and have kept me warm in the NYC winter weather.I'd buy them again given the chance :)
B008VPU0GK Timberland Boots I received them for Christmas. I wore them the  day after. There very comfortable. Warm, and look good. Appear to be well made. I'll know more when I have worn them for a while.
B008VPU0GK it wore out to quick i have only been using the boots during work for about a month it is now wrinkly and some of the rubber is wearing off i have used it in snowy and wet conditions defenitley waterproof and keeps feet warm but for how long? i dnt know i doubt it will last me till next winter paid to much just to use it for one winter.
B008ZBPGFU Not-Too-Warm-Shoe-Slipper-Hybrid I work from home and my desk is write by a sliding glass patio door and it gets a bit chilly in the winter so I usually like to buy a pair of slippers for when I am not quite awake enough yet for a pair of shoes.  These slippers fit the bill for me as they are kind of shoe-like (if you have pants cuffs that drop down enough, you could pass these as shoes at a glance if you have to run into the corner market) and have a cushy sole.  Also, they are not super-warm like some of the ones that have sheeps wool lining, my feet don't swelter in these.My only hesitation is not a product flaw, but these fit like slip-on shoes meaning that it takes a concerted effort to get them on- maybe a bit of elastic at the top where laces might go on a shoe (I had some Georgia slip-ons that had this and it was nice).Overall, I would buy again and the only reason I didn't give 5 stars is, well, these are slippers.  I'm not going to marry them or anything, they keep my feet warm.
B00910UVGS Fine These are excellent foot wear.  They are warm, grip well and go off and on easily.  Been searching for winter boots for awhile and these are the ones!
B0098X5DAM Comfortable. Very difficult to get on Comfortable. Very difficult to get on, somewhat heavy. They are warm. I don't wear them very often because they are large and clunky. They look nice for what they are, clogs.
B00AQLQ05W perfect Love them.they go with eveything and comfortable. they r very warm as well.just loveeeeee them. what more can be said
B00AQMAYCG My Daughter Won't Take these off! These boots are great. They fit perfectly. My daughter loves them. She even wears them w/o socks and they keep her warm.
B00AQMDTAK Great winter school boot Bought these for my 1st grader.  They are made well, fit well and warm .  Would recommend these to a freind.
B00AQMDTAK Great boots! Beautifully made.  High quality and worth the price. They are a nice breathable boot even thou they are water proof.  My Grand daughter has feet that run on the warm side and she said they were wonderful. True to size and durable without being too heavy for a five year old to run in the school yard.
B00AR1VI30 Great Winter Boot Got these boots for my daughter they fit great, have good traction, and they keep her feet warm during the cold of upstate NY
B00AR1VI30 Warm Cozy & Comfortable These boots are cushioned, warm & cozy. Very comfortable for walking. True to size. Love them. Lots of compliments when I wore them for the 1st time.
B00AR1VI30 Timberland Boots The boots are exactly as we expected them to be and they fit true to size. Nice and warm too.
B00AR1VI30 Winter boots Very good quality, feet stays warm, I bought half size bigger so it would fit on warm socks. No fur inside
B00AR3GB9O great winter boots Great winter boots: warm, waterproof, not too bulky. My 3.5 year old daughter loves them. We live in northeast with a lot of snow and cold and these boots are perfect for such weather.
B00AR4HHNW pretty + warm My daughter loves these boots.  They are pretty and warm.  Not sure if they are totally waterproof yet for playing out in the snow.
B00AR4HHNW delighted Super boot for cold weather ! My daughter is delighted! It is lightweight, warm and comfortable shoe.I hope Will wear two seasons)))
B00AR4HHNW Excellent winter boot! These are great boots!  My four year old wore them in Vermont last weekend.  They kept her feet warm and she did not have any complaints.  The boots are more expensive than the pull-on Timberland boots she had last winter, but I think the extra $20 is worth it.  Very stylish, easy to pull-on and a quality product!  Will continue to buy her Timberland winter boots!
B00AR4HHNW cute but not warm it was water proof but not warm, they didnt hold to form started creasing in the back and leaning, didnt last the winter,
B00AW7M97S My new favorite boot! These boots were comfortable right out of the box.  They fit perfectly.  I have a bit of a flat foot and they are vert supportive and keep your feet warm but not hot.  I love the lace up style, very current.  You can't go wrong with these Timberland boots.  Amazon has a great price, they are much more expensive on the Timberland website.
B00AW7M97S Stylish and Functional Boots! I purchased these boots in the black color. They are warm, stylish, and extremely comfortable for walking. The wider size was not in stock, so I tried out the regular width. The boot fit very well, even with thicker socks on. A great investment, especially given the price on Amazon compared to other retailers.
B00AW7RBGC Very comfortable boot and warm Bought these for a trip to England/Scotland and have not truly tried them on the trip yet butso far are very comfortable and look nice.
B00AW8HF9Y Boots are useful These fit a little like rain boots- loose in the ankles and toes-  but they are useful because they are warm and waterproof.
B00AW8JG9G These were the ones These were the ones I picked. I love them...They fit great! I can move and keep up with my almost 3 yr old...they are exactly what I was looking for..Plus they are warm during the cold weather..
B00AW8JG9G My Favorite BOOTS ever!! I actually saw these on a friend and HAD to have them.  I LOVE that they have a slant and they are SUPER comfortable and even warm.  They are made of a very soft leather and I have received NUMEROUS compliments on them already.
B00AW8JG9G Expectations of boots I love them! I ordered 1/2size larger so they wouldn't be so tight! They are comfortable and warm! I will always order Timberland from now on.
B00AW8JL0A lovely boots Love the boots.  Been looking for a good snow boot that is warm and waterproof.  Think this might be it.  First time wearing it.  The material is very nice and the boots are warm.  Haven't found out yet if is waterproof as they say.
B00AW8K0WI Women's Timberland Boot. The boots were well made. In the snow they stayed dry but are not very warm.Best bet is to get them a whole size larger and wear warm socks. They looknice but are a little stiff. I'm hoping after wearing them awhile they will conformto my foot step. Oh yes, there is no arch support.
B00B7FJV8O overall good boot first of all i got one defective boot where there was a bump in the insole, but i got a replacement which was fine.ive had them for a few months now and theyve held up very well.- very water resistant, ive stood in puddles and not had any water leak in- very warm ive only been in about 20F but they were plenty comfortable at that temp- good grip on ice and on cold/frosty steel- very comfortable ive been on jobsites for 12+ hours and my feet havent bothered me at allonly thing id consider is that these are a cold weather insulated boot, and my feet can get kind of sweaty if its warm out or im indoors for too long.
B00B9PADZM Amazing boots These boots fit perfect and are very warm. My only regret is not getting these earlier this winter. Love the style, fit, look, color and the red laces make them fun.
B00B9PADZM Great Boots I've never owned a pair of boots like this, but one night in an effort to take as long as possible to finish my homework I decided I would like to try these.  I nervously unpacked them when they arrived, and was surprised that I still did like them in person.  I tried them on and immediately fell in love - they are so comfortable, lightweight and fit well, I'm already looking for a second pair just because I have nothing better to do, apparently.  On top of being comfortable, they are also very warm.  I wore them on a trip to Prague a week before Christmas and I can say that while the rest of me was freezing, my feet remained warm (they were also easy to walk around the city in, I used them exclusively for the week's trip).  That said, they are also not 'too warm', as I wear them to work in a heated office and my feet don't become too warm or uncomfortable.  I highly recommend these boots!
B00B9PIUS4 Truly all purpose I bought these shoes to prepare for a winter internship in Switzerland, so i needed a shoe that would be weather proof, something I could wear in the office, and suitable to get me around terrain ranging from mountains to city streets. These really are the shoe for that! They kept me warm, dry, and stylish and I highly recommend them.
B00B9PJBDC Fits nice after they are broken in A little snug at first but after a week they fit a lot better.I use them for work (construction) and they keep my feet pretty warm as long as I have a warm pair of socks on as well. Pretty comfortable so far.
B00B9PM53U love them With the cold winter up north east this year, this Boot was just what I needed.So far it&#8217;s as advertised
B00B9PM53U This is a great quality boots for rainy or winter weather. This is a great quality boots for rainy or winter weather. Item came fast from seller.The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because it.feels a little bit larger than expected AND one of the cord came broken :(
B00B9PM53U Great boots Really comfortable boots. But seems a but large. So you can put on warm socks and go for a walk in more cold weather.
B00B9PM53U it works great keep me warm during my ski trip!
B00B9PM56C Really great lightweight winter boot Nice boot. They are a little high so make sure you realize that before you buy. I live in NYC and these do just fine for the winter. They are, as far as boots go, on the sleeker side, so they dont stick out as much as some other products. They keep my feet warm and dry through really tough conditions and they clean off really well too. Plus they are very lightweight, I'm obsessed with lightweight footwear and these are perfect if you are sensitive to that.
B00B9PM56C Awesome Boots. Got them for Roofing. We are doing a slate job, so They shouldn't get cut up or tar-ry or glue-y. They keep my feet warm and are very comfortable. Great for these freezing winter months.
B00B9PM56C I needed new Water proof boots so... I spent a LOT of time googling, reading reviews and just driving myself nuts.My previous pair of Timberland winter boots have seen better days so it was time.I needed the 8&#34; vs 6&#34; boot height due to snow and wetness. I also spend hours and hourssnow blowing our home as well as a lot of other neighbor's homes. They were a little stiff at firstbut I broke them in quickly. They are waterproof for the most and REALLY kept my feet warm. Givenhow light they are, I REALLY was truly amazed that. They are not cheap but good things NEVER are.They are warm, they fit and kept my feet dry, they'll do the same for you!
B00B9PMQE8 Love them! I needed a pair of warm boots for the Pats-Broncos game I recently attended. I have always liked Timberland boots and these had really good reviews so I ordered them. They are the best cold weather boots I have ever owned. After 4 hours tailgating,  around 3.5 hrs of football (Pats won in overtime!) my feet were never got cold or uncomfortable once. The temperature, with windchill, spent most of the night around 5 degrees.  This morning I wore them to my local high school Thanksiving day football game. The temp was around 30 degrees and my feet were plenty warm the whole time.Highly recommended. I love these boots.
B00B9PNY3A Happy customer. Tried these on in a store to check my size, purchased them on amazon before I even left that same store.  They came quick, they're warm, they're waterproof, they fit well, and they look great.
B00B9PNY3A Comfort boots, which fit as should Amazon thanks for fast shiping!I usually wear winter boots with size EU 41 - and I wanted to buy US 7.5 as descibed at official Timberland site - but when i tried these boots at local store - the comfort size for me was US 8 cause I plan to wear thick warm socks - yeeep winter in Russia isn't eurostyle =)So if you choose thin socks then I think better US 7.5 for EU 41.Haven't tried them in a severe cold but I think they are warm enough!
B00B9PNY3A Yes, they really are WATERPROOF! Fits a little big, but absolutely waterproof, the harsh New York winter of 2013-2014 has proven that, feet stay dry and warm. I am completely satisfied.
B00B9PNY3A Great for the winter. Easy to put on.  They are really soft, comfortable, warm and waterproof.  These are good for the winter/chilly rain weather.  And they look good in black.
B00B9U2C7E Very happy For the money... the best winter boots i could expect...i really love them...protective warm and stylish too... an as comfy as you wouldn't expect
B00BCJV7H8 Warm and comfortable I tested in the NY snow storm a they are warm and super comfortable, the only advice that I will give you is to buy a half size big if you want to use thick socks. The boots are pretty tight, fit perfect.
B00BCJV7H8 Winter boot heaven! This are by far the BEST winter boots I have ever purchased. We have been having an unusually cold winter and the heat is not working in my school building. These are saving my feet!! They are comfortable for all day wear.
B00BCJV7H8 Very nice, comfortable, very warm My daughter loves them. They are very good quality and they keep her feet warm in the cold weather. Received in excellent new condition. She loves them!
B00BCJV7H8 So comfy and so warm! Bit nervous ordering footwear off the internet but have to say, these fit like a glove.Perfect for the polar vortex weather we've been having of late!
B00BCJV7H8 My Favorite These are the best boots I have bought in a really long time. They are so comfy and warm. I love them!!!
B00BCJV7H8 Warm pretty boots They are comfy and warm there is rough something ion the tongue feels like bent plastic , but they feel warm on my toes and I love the color
B00BCJV7H8 Very warm and cozy These boots are warm and cozy and have plenty of room in them. I bought the wide size so there would be plenty of room for heavy socks. They fit great and were very comfortable the first time I wore them.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice! Size runs a bit tight, but the leather will stretch. Warm and snuggly - perfect for this weather.  Great color and nicely made.
B00BCJV7H8 Better than expected These boots are sturdy, yet flexible enough to walk comfortably. The footbed feels great and they're quite warm. I expected an ordeal getting them on and off (due to their height and lace ups), but I was pleasantly surprised to find the lacing system allows you to slip them on easily  without unlacing. Happily I found them to be true to size, but there's enough room for thicker socks if you need them. I live in Chicago, so a decent pair of winter boots is essential. It doesn't hurt that they look nice, not chunky and bulky!
B00BCJV7H8 Love them!!! Very comfortable, warm, and look great!  Many compliments on them and I wore them for a full day the first time I put them on and they were very comfortable.
B00BCJV7H8 meets expectations This is a very nice fitting winter boot. The sole has good tread, yet comfortable. I have a medium to wide fit and a 10.5 foot size, and an 11 was just right. The boot is very warm, lined with fur, and the black looks nice with casual wear or skirts. The laces are quality material and it is easy to get on and off. Most timberlands I find have hard soles and hurt after a few hours of wear. Not with this pair it is very comfortable. It isn't huge and bulky for an 11 , it looks attractive on the foot yet comfortable. My feet do get hot in them inside, its definately a winter weather boot. Bought it on sale here on amazon. Great shipping and product was in great shape, new. I tried Merrell and another brand which was very bulky and too wide. The waterproof leather is nice.definately recommendboot comes about 1/3rd up my leg. Not for deep snow, but cozy.
B00BCJV7H8 Best winter boots Love the boots. Stylish, warm, practical. Construction so well made, boot should last for years.Fit was perfect. Warm enough for our Minnesota winters.
B00BCJV7H8 Warm Comfortable Boot! Great boot! Glad I read the reviews and ordered 1/2 size bigger. Fit perfect. Nice and warm for these sub-zero temps. Timberlands boots for women are awesome. I have several styles and love them all!
B00BCJV7H8 So comfy and so warm! My favorite boot this season! On cold winter days my feet is nice and toasty but not sweaty. It feels like walking on warm plushy pillows. Plus it's not easily dirtied.
B00BCJV7H8 Pretty and warm I bought them too big for me but they are very warm. I recommend people to do get them at least one inch bigger because in the middle of the foot they are tight
B00BCJV7H8 Love my boots, but... Beautiful, warm boot. True to fit so if you want to wear more than one pair of socks, get a larger size.  Also, be careful when adjusting the shoe strings because the thin piece of leather covering the strings will break.
B00BCJV7H8 Not as warm as I had hoped Cute boots, fit great, not too stiff so they're easy to walk in.Only one downfall, except this one is the most important: it's not that warm. The first time I wore the boots they were REALLY warm, and then afterwards they didn't meet up to my expectations. I live in Vermont, but even in 20 degree farenheit weather (VT gets much colder than that) they didn't hold up for more than 5-10 minutes.They're great boots if you don't live in the coldest areas, otherwise, I think this timberland line of boots is not worth your money.
B00BCJV7H8 GREAT BOOTS THEY ARE A LITTLE BULKY, BUT GETTING USED TO THEM. FIRST HAD HARD TIME DRIVING IN THEM, OTHERWISE I DO LIKE THEM, MORE THAN WARM.
B00BCJV7H8 Boots I listened to the reviews and ordered a 1/2 size larger and they fit perfect.  They keep my feet very warm and are so comfortable.  I really like these boots, they are very stylish.
B00BCJV7H8 comfy, warm n oh sooo cute Love the boots, got them on time and they are all I expected them to be. I love the cream color, and very soft and warm inside. I reccomend others to purchase these.
B00BCJV7H8 My favorite boots this season! I bought these in tobacco and the color is gorgeous! These are great fall/winter boots and very warm on cold says. They are cute and rugged and you can even fold down the top a little bit and show off the faux fur on the inside if you want. I like them because theyre already waterproof so I didnt have to scotchguard them.  The sole is rubber and you can wear them all day long with comfort. I highly recommend!
B00BCJV7H8 Timberland Women's MT Hope Mid L/F boot A little on the tight side at the bottom even for my 7.5 usual shoe, but the laces make it easy to make more space.  I am glad that someone recommended getting a larger size to accommodate socks.  Very warm and comfortable, even at 12 degrees in ME over Christmas.
B00BCJV7H8 fit the boots were tight across the toe knuckle area, which is an issue if you want to have warm toes for the winter.  trying to decide if they will stretch....
B00BCJV7H8 Comfy Boots Keep My Feet Warm and Dry! These boots are so warm and comfy (they remind me of UGGs) and are 100% waterproof (laces included). They are amazing for the winter, and not at all bulky which is fantastic. They are also lightweight and just the right height to keep your legs and feet warm without making it difficult to walk. After reading some reviews, I ordered the brown boots in 8 C/D (the wide option) even though I'm usually a 7.5 W. I would definitely recommend going up half a size and ordering the C/D option if you have wide feet. My boots fit perfectly and I have already worn them through heavy snowfall without a hitch. Can't wait to see how they'll hold up for the rest of the winter; I'm sure they will not disappoint. :)
B00BCJV7H8 Loved them! Purchased these prior to a trip to Chicago in January. They were perfect! Kept my toes nice and warm. Received a lot of compliments on them. Size was good. They did stretch a little.
B00BCJV7H8 Timberland boots These are fantastic. They fit great and are warm. Very comfortable. Just the right height. Fit is true to its size.
B00BCJV7H8 The most comfortable and warm winter boots I've ever had Every time i put these boots on i'm thankful that I got them.I wear between size 8 and 8.5, and my foot is relatively narrow  (but my ankle is wide). I got size 8.5 after reading the other reviews and it fits perfectly and there is enough room to wear it with thicker socks. One of the boots was hurting me a little bit on top of the foot, about an inch or two above the toes, but this was only the first 2 times i wore it and now it's perfectly comfortable. I've never had better winter boots, i love them.
B00BCJV7H8 Good fit, warm, cute I really like this boot. They are stylish, well made, soft and warm. I like the lace up too, better than a zipper. I normally wear a 7 1/2 and got an 8 which is snug but comfortable with thick socks. No complaints!
B00BCJV7H8 Very warm Very warm boots. Great looking too. The only thing is when you wear them all day and your feet get somehow tired because your legs can not move very easy in them. Somehow heavy.
B00BCJV7H8 Super warm and surprisingly lighteweight I bought these for cold Ohio winters. They fit my wide feet very well, are warm as long as you're wearing normal Haines socks (thin dressy ones don't work for obvious reasons). I have gotten a ton of compliments on these too. When I first started wearing them, they did a weird wrinkle near the ankle that rubbed and irritated it. I remedied this by putting them on with thick socks and using a hairdryer blowing hot air on the wrinkle making it not as stiff. This worked perfectly and I haven't had anymore issues with it. For being as warm and tough as they are, they are extremely lightweight!
B00BCJV7H8 Perfect Pair! I just absolutely love these boots. They arrived as expected and was true to color and size.They keep feet warm and very comfortable to walk in.
B00BCJV7H8 Great! BUT... The front creases pretty fast and the little flap near the showlaces arrived bent and now stick up which is annoying. Other than that, these boots are fairly warm and definitely waterproof.
B00BCJV7H8 Great fit, stylish, and most importantly...WARM! I am glad I purchased this boot to prepare for the Illinois winter. They so far have kept my feet dry through snowy winter weather, and the lining helps to keep my feet warm. I do not like to wear thick socks, but I imagine if I did, I'd order a half size up to accommodate for that.
B00BCJV7H8 Love these boots!! Boots arrived on time, as expected.  They are very warm and comfortable.  Wore them single-digit tempertures and didn't feel the chill at all.
B00BCJV7H8 Highly Recommend Love them,  my toes are warm and that make me happy!  Going to waterproof them for the upcoming melt we have coming.
B00BCJV7H8 timberland is the best. I bought them for my daughter as I am using Timberland for last 3 years and find them to be keeping my toes dry and warm inBuffalo Winter. Initially my daughter being a teenager and having a very fashionable taste was reluctant to try these but she loves them now. The real test of their performance will be in January and I am confident they'll do great.
B00BCJV7H8 Could be warmer With temperatures so frigid, the boots did not keep my feet as warm as I expected.  Maybe they work for cold weather, but not extremely cold weather.
B00BCJV7H8 very cozy and warm really fits well and quite warm-even too warm for November). I adore cozy and comfortable shoes and it is so for this item.
B00BCJV7H8 Fits perfectly, beautiful product Great boots! I've had them a week now and they have lived up to expectations. Completely waterproof and very warm.
B00BCJV7H8 Not as warm as expected These boots do run a size too small and a little narrow. Removing the insoles is an okay temporary fix, but leave them in for maximum warmth and comfort, and just buy the boots large. They seem have a little stretch after they've been worn a few times.They are very comfortable and easy to get in and out of, but if you're looking primarily for warm boots, these may not be for you. My feet get cold very easily, and unfortunately, these boots are not quite enough to keep them warm in just 20-25F weather. These are still excellent boots, and quite warm, just not quite as warm as I expected - but then, I get cold feet whenever the temperature dips below 70F.I think they're pretty excellent boots, all things considered.EDIT: After wearing in the snow and ice, I can say that these boots have less than great traction. They're not exactly dangerous, you just have to step carefully.
B00BCJV7H8 Really great and warm boot! Very comfy and nice support. It will be great for my first time in London this Christmas. Glad I found a boot that is not only warm and water proof but also stylish and not bulky. The color is really nice too. Its a bit of a green tinted grey.
B00BCJV7J6 Great Winter Boot It has been snowing like gangbusters this winter, and these boots were a godsend. Enough grip to feel sturdy walking on iced-over streets, warm without turning my feet into a hot, sweaty mess, light enough to wear all day, and, like all Timberlands, the boots are sturdy and well made. A definite win.
B00BCJV7J6 Cozy and very warm boots... These boots fit well and are warm as can be!  Outstanding, large laces, also.  Hope these last!!! Thank you, Timberland...
B00BCJV7J6 get these boots! excellent boots !waterproof, warm, comfortable.exactly what I expected from Timberland!the laces are a little slippery but so what?the height is great also, above the ankle .
B00BCJV7J6 Timberland Boots These boots were better than expected, and at a great price. They are quite comfortable and quite warm and toasty!
B00BCJV7J6 Comfortable, Stylish and REALLY Warm. But... My only issue is the fact that I bought them to use as rain/snow boots, and right on the box it says that they were water resistant as opposed to water proof. That isn't the fault of the boots because I likely just didn't read thoroughly enough.Anyway, I live in Boston. For those of you who live under a rock, Boston weather is awful. One day you're in shorts and the next you wish you hadn't put your winter clothes away. Prime example: my mother went to the hospital in shorts and flip flops on a fine day in April to give birth to my sister, and when she left four or so days later, there had been a blizzard. Anyway, with weather that frequently goes to below 0 temperatures, it is nice to have a pair of boots that are nice enough to keep my feet really warm.The inside of these shoes are like slipper material, and they came with removable comfy insoles.Long story short, I adore these boots, I just wish they were water proof.
B00BCJV7J6 Nice boot I think they are a really nice boot. I  put them on and stepped on front porch to talk to a neighbor. It was 30 degrees out and my feet were freezing.  I had read the reviews and many said they were very warm even at 10 degrees.  I will be returning these as they are not what I was looking for.  I need something that is very warm as my toes turn white in the cold.
B00BCJVBCY Amazing. While it has not yet gotten cold enough outside for me to wear them, I tried them on, and they do keep my feet very warm. I opened the box in the lobby of my dorm, and my friends immediately commented on how cute they were. The laces are easily adjustable, so you won't have to live with boots that feel clunky or too big.The color should not be called Stone. They are definitely closer to army green.
B00BCJXLHW They are very warm that's for sure. They are ... They are very warm that's for sure. They are bulky and heavy though but that is not surprising given that they are Timberland shoes.
B00BCJXLHW My new favorite shoes! I Havent taken them off since buying them, other than to go to bed!Great little buy and for a good price too! They keep my toes a nice toasty warm!
B00BCJXLHW Great for work during winter! I bought these shoes for work. I work in retail, but my floor is cement and tends to get very cold in the winter. This in turn makes my feet cold. But no longer! They fit awesomely and I can honestly say my feet are toasty warm. They are comfy and easy to walk in all day. I highly recommend these boots!
B00BCJXLHW &lt;3 AWESOMENESS &lt;3 Great boot! I haven't really got a chance to wear these boots much since I purchased them. From what I can tell they're very comfortable. Roomy....probably could have went down a size. Very warm. I will be testing the waterproofness in about a week when I visit Alaska.
B00BCJXLHW good looking Warm and very comfortable in winter conditions. Size at first seemed small, but after 10 minutes in use fited perfectly.
B00BCJXLHW Amazing I love these boots. The inner lining keeps my feet very warm. Best Timbs I've had in a long time.
B00BCJXLHW Great outdoor boots Love these boots! They were one of the best investments I've made in my wardrobe in a while. Very warm, very sturdy, and also trendy. I've worn them camping, to work, out to dinner, and out in the show.
B00BCJXLHW A lifesaver this winter!!!! These boots are perfect - completely waterproof, warm, and comfortable. I think they're well worth the investment, as they feel like they'll last a few years. They've been an absolute lifesaver this winter.The only thing I wish were different about them: I wish there was a zipper on the inside of each boot to make it easier to put them on. The laces are really sturdy, but it is a pain, when you're wearing a heavy coat, carrying bags, etc. to have to take the time to lace them up (they're too narrow to just slip on.)
B00BCJXLHW Lightweight & Warm I really like these boots. They are very warm (I live in Maine & it's winter out!) and keep my feet dry. They fit perfectly and are quite light compared to most winter boots. They are good quality and I would definitely buy them again.
B00BCJXLHW toasty! nothing I didn't like about these boots. Very comfortable, waterproof, and kept my feet toasty warm! Would definitely purchase in anothe color
B00BCJXLHW Great pair of women's work boots. These are great boots, comfortable, fit is perfect. They are warm and now it is winter in NC. They are very waterproof. I had to shore up a very muddy creek and they kept my feet comfy.
B00BCJXLHW Favorite Boot This became a winter favorite, perfect for this past winter; it was warm and leak resistant. It also did not have the major slip issues that other boots seemed to have.
B00BCJXLHW amazingg! I loveee my timberlands! Nice fit, and super warm! (: I wasn't so sure at first but once they arrived I fell in love with them
B00BCJXLHW Great Boot I live in NYC and with this winter especially pretty up and down with the weather I think these boots are great. I usually wear thicker socks to keep my feet extra warm but with these I didn't even need them because the fleece inside is so cozy. The only reason I don't give these boots 5 stars is because at first its a little hard to get your foot in because the tongue isn't able to pull out for a little extra room for sliding your foot in, mainly because its sown together in a way you can fold em down. So maybe a little extra stretch would've been nice but other than that, not a single problem with these boots. I get compliments all the time on em. Love em. Timberland has always been a go to brand for me. I recommend to everyone.
B00BCJXLHW Nice and warm Buy these for winter of course. I never owned a pair of lined tims. I am Ugg person when it comes to winter boots. But these have changed my mind. From now on Ugg is getting serious competition. Especially that these have much better sole for winter conditions. These are good looking, comfortable boots, you can wear them up or down, and they are warm.
B00BCJXLHW Great ones Warm and very comfortable in winter conditions. Size at first seemed small, but after 10 minutes in use fited perfectly.
B00BCJXLHW Love the boots!! Once they are on... I found it difficult to put these boots on, I am thinking it could possibly be the fleece lining causing this problem and not allowing the feet to slide in comfortably, since I never had that issue with other Timberland boots that DIDN'T have the fleece lining.Once they are on, they fit as expected...comfortable and quite warm! I think if only I could have loosened the laces a bit more (which wasn't possible), to allow some extra room to slide my feet in then it wouldn't be a problem.I DO recommend these boots, they are indeed comfortable and warm...and true to size (with the exception of it being hard to slide them on with the fleece lining.)
B00E3L9XRS great warm sock. Fit a 10 foot peefectly. Great sock for cold winter days, not to warm that they make your feet sweat great sock.
B00ED8P6UY get these boots! Very nice boots, very warm yet breathable. Comfortable and easy to walk in. Plus they make you taller due to the heal on the boot. Would buy again for sure but I doubt ill need to for a long while.
B00EHHLC3Q Very comfortable I bought these in a 8.5 wide, I probably could have gotten the reg width. They are a bit loose. So I put some moleskin foam padding in the heel area and its a perfect fit. I bought these for work (butcher) and i need to wear warm clothes, so with warm wool socks they fit perfectly!  Before these shoes I wore crocs bistro, although comfortable they killed my knees. These timberlands are so much better! I would recommend these to anyone that works long hours on their feet!
B00GNZFWA4 is it wrong to love  a pair of shoes Great shoes. Wonderful fit, sturdy and very well made. Strong durible and very warm, maybe too warm even. No squeaks and no sole marking on the court
