B00009WM7J timberland 6inch premium waterproof boot timberland 6inch premium waterproof boot is gooooooood.i'd like that.look so cute.size 4 us mfit as expected
B00009WMIH Shortness of boot makes it uncomfortable The boots are truly waterproof, but because they are so short in height, they cut my husband in the back of the fit.  Due to the lateness of the season and the lack of available waterproof boots, he has to keep them since nothing else was available.
B00009WMIH My Favorite Chukka These boots are excellent IMO. Very lightweight and comfortable, yet wear like iron!I have two pair of these and use them for most everything from motorcycle riding to walking my dog 2-3 miles a days.I can't speak to their absolute waterproofness but I know that my feet have never gotten wet washing the car or watering the garden though they've gotten quite wet on the outside.I have tried chukkas from many different makers over two decades and for wear and comfort these are the best.
B0000AFSX4 Toddler loves these boots UPDATE 1 16 2014:  These are waterproof to falling rain.  If you stand in puddles or are in driving rain for long period of time, expect your feet to get a little wet possibly.  Also, they're not as warm in lower temperatures.  I suggest going up a size or so and adding a double-thick insole to help keep feet warmer in colder weather, as described in my original reveiw below.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I like them because they're waterproof and help keep my baby's feet warm.I don't know why my baby likes them, but doesn't like to take them off, wears them as long as possible and whenever possible.i did change out the laces because they kept coming undone, even with a double knot according to the daycare center but I find this to be the case with most boot laces.  I took a pair of long, flat pink laces out of an old pair of boots until I can find lavender laces to match online.  They actually look very nice in contrast with the dusty lavender boot.The boots are study and of the quality I've come to expect from Timberland.  My thanks to Amazon, I got these pre-season for $19.33.  EXCELLENT PURCHASE.I won't have to worry during rain or cold, snowy days.  I bought these 1&1/2 sizes too big and put in extra-thick insoles and they are worn with extra-thick, wool blend, padded socks.  As my child grows, I can remove the insoles or buy the regular thick size.  I just get the dr, scholls or store brand and cut them down to size for my baby, who has these in a 9.5 medium for toddlers.  Actual foot size is about an 8 1/4.  They don't fall off and baby appears to be comfortable; can run, jump and play in these with no issues.  I see no foot blisters so I am happy.
B0000AT8CK Comfortable, strong boot This boot is comfortable and strong and gives good ankle support. It's waterproof, but I haven't had any problems with breathability, as long as you've got good socks. I'd recommend it highly, especially since it's pretty warm. It may take a couple of weeks to break-in fully and become totally comfortable.
B0000DFAXV Love these Tims These Timberland boots are great!  Fit perfectly, low ankle is easy to move around in and lace up.  Already tested (and proven!) their waterproof-ness too.
B0007T4IGG 3rd pair I have owned 3 other pairs of these boots. I have worked outside and as a bartender. The lace up boot gives my ankles extra support in the late and long hours. and the Waterproof is a bonus. I can be standing in 2 inches of water, and my feet are nice and dry.I wear them with my work clothes or with blue jeans, and they look great. and they feel even better. Wouldn't travel or work without them.
B0007T4IGG Reliable I have a pair of these boots for over 6 years now. It's amazing how durable and comfortable they are. I use them mainly in winter and they've seen it all.Note that although these boots are supposed to be waterproof, they are not totally waterproof. If you accidentally step into some mud or water, you won't immediately get your socks wet, but if you are in contact with water (snow, mud etc.) for some time, eventually water will get in through the boot. If you want total waterproof, I guess a winter/snow boot will do a better choice.
B0007T4IGG Good With 3 Catches Timberland Basic Boots have &#34;some&#34; of the quality you expect from Timberland.  I have the black, smooth full grain leather version.The leather is reasonably thick but not so stiff as to be unbearable, yet you're definitely going to want to wear these a while to break them in before you go out in the field with them all day.The first catch is the length is fairly true to size but the D width I ordered and received is not, rather it is clearly wider than a D should be, at least an E width but that's not all bad since being uninsulated, you may want heavy socks on in winter.The second catch is the tongue on these is stitched in so high up (to offer deeper water resistance) that it's a strain to get it open wide enough to slide my feet in, even without laces in them!  I took a knife and slit it down an extra inch so they slip on with about the same force as other boots I've owned.Third catch is poor strings.  They're round, look fine at first but the outer jacket separates and creates a little hernia looking bulge where the white inner stuffing pokes out.  Once it got bad enough I took some black sewing thread and stitched around as each new area opened up.  Next time I get new boots that do this I'll just buy new strings instead.I love the tread on these.  It has some bite but not all those tiny cracks and crevices that some boots have which makes them MUCH MUCH easier to clear soil and snow out of.  It's more of a field tread than an urban tread but you don't feel like you're wearing cleats on a hard floor either.  If you're old school you will appreciate the long wearing high density rubber sole, although it is not as high density as what I remember from years ago, it does have some give to it, perhaps more silicone in the compound (I don't know, am not a rubber chemist).Overall I'm left feeling like these are not worth their cost.  Besides the strings I do expect to get good wear out of them but $100 boots should have correct width sizing, you should be able to slide your feet in without altering them,  and they should have premium laces not junky ones.They still get 3 stars for the decent leather and durable, easy to clean tread but once they wear out I'll be replacing them with something else instead.  Then again, I may change my mind by then as they're nowhere near worn out yet.
B0007T4IGG great boots it's a comfort boots,guaranteed waterproof,abrasion resistance may not as good as 10061,but in consideration of the price,it's worth for the money.
B0007T64VI I've had a pair for 15 years and the new ones have changed very little. The only difference in the boot is the way the tongue is attached.  My old pair has thin leather attaching the tongue to the boot.  This was a plus for waterproofing.  Only time will tell if the tongue will stay put without the attachment to the boot.  Because these are now sold as not waterproof I'm not upset about the change but I do feel they were better the old way.  They are great boots for hiking as well as wearing to work on snowy days or if heavy lifting is involved.
B000AKVBCQ Great These fit well, and are comfortable.I'm a tower climber so my boots have to have a good grip, and have to be flexible. These boots were exactly that. I did buy water repellent spray for them for rainy days, and so far I haven't had any problems.
B000AKVBFI Wrong choice for me I have been buying Timberland products for as long as I can remember. These I would not buy again and I will still buy from Timberland.They are not waterproof, my fault. I figured I would try non-waterproof boots. Not a wise choice. It poured one day while working, pants got soaked the water ran off the pants into the boots, feet soaked.These boots do seem a little bigger when compared to the other pair of Timberland's that I just wore out.My one real issue it that the steel toe cap cuts into my foot when squatting down. This is really an issue when squatting for extended periods of time (10 minutes or so). This could be because the seem big. They are the same size as the last pair of a different model. The model (http://www.amazon.com/Timberland-Mens-Endurance-Waterproof-Work/dp/B002ASAKIW/ref=pd_sbs_shoe_13) that I will go back to.
B000AKVBFI Timberland Pro Mudslinger The fit was how I expected them to be.  I read another review that said the boot rubs your Achilles tendon.  That is true.  I have worn them for just over two weeks.  The rubbing has subsided.  I walk well over 4 miles a day carrying 70+ pounds of gear.  The boots are comfortable and stable while walking up, down and along hills.  I thought I would have problems with rocks collecting in the tread, I was wrong.  They do collect mud easily, but a quick kick dislodges most if not all of the mud.  These boots are not water proof, so keep that in mind when purchasing.  I live in Arizona, so water and rain are not much of an issue here.  Heat is an issue here and these boots keep my feet cool.  I am really pleased with my purchase.  One last note.  When I was looking for boots I went to Sears and they didn't have what I was looking for, I left went out to my truck and purchased these in the parking lot at 16:45 Friday on my phone.  They arrived at 08:00 Saturday.  I paid the extra money for shipping and was really happy I made that choice too.
B000AKVBFI Comfortable, but . . . . . . . These boots are extremely comfortable.  I were them for 8-12 hours a day and have no discomfort at all.Unfortunately, comfort does not dictate a great work boot.  While these boots claim to be waterproof and durable, they have proven to be anything but.  These boots have not been waterproof from day one.  Not much worse than wet feet on a cold day.  Additionally, the sole has started to separate from the leather body of the boot.A boot with this price should be a better quality than it is
B000AKVBFI THE BEST workboot! These boots are by far the best pair of work boots I have ever owned.  I am an "Entertainment Electrician" - I work with the lighting & rigging for exhibits, trade shows, conventions, concerts, etc...  So I naturally find myself working outdoors as well as indoors.  I also have to be able to work on a ladder, in a lift, or out on ceiling beams / catwalks and the like.  Depending on the project, the hours we work can be grueling - 16+ hr days, several days straight.  So finding the right pair of work boots that are comfortable, lightweight, waterproof, and protect from electrical shock hazard are difficult.  As mentioned in a previous review, there are 3 styles/colors.  Of those three only the "Brown" color is waterproof.  You can see (zooming into the photo images) on the boot exterior midway up the ankle there is a "waterproof membrane" label embedded in the skin.  I have flat feet so for every pair of shoes/boots I have an arch support insert I use.  Even still, these boots are very comfortable.  They offer excellent traction.  I have worn them while trudging thru snow & ice...my feet stay warm and dry.  I have walked thru puddles as deep as my foot.  So long as the water does not go over your ankle and into the neoprene boot insert, your feet will stay dry.  They provide excellent traction.  They do offer a tight fit.  Even over several months they stay tight. Personally, I like that.  I feel it is because they are waterproof.  The only wish I have is that I could get them in all black...stealth military style.  That would work well for when I am working backstage.
B000AL1EPE Excellent boots I bought a pair of these about a month ago, but already put on more than 70 miles of mountain backpacking with them. I also took frequent opportunity to kick things as hard as I could, including 'fixing' a hole in sheet metal by kicking it flat; the steel caps felt very solid.The break-in period was very short; I barely noticed it.The boots are heavy, but you know that already. They certainly didn't seem bad while I was wearing them, and although of course my feet get hot when I'm walking hard all day, it's easily bearable.The only downside I can think of is that the front of my foot is very wide and even with the generous toe box there can be some slight chafing, so socks with good padding are recommended.I have not yet had much chance to test their waterproof qualities, but I have no doubt they'll do just fine through the winter. All in all, they feel solid but comfortable, and I have no qualms about wearing them 24/7 in whatever conditions I encounter. If in a year and a half I need new boots, and I still want steel-toed, I'll probably buy another pair.
B000B2HQ5O Awesome Boots My 3 year old has probably hiked at least 15 miles in these so far over the last few months. No complaints from him. These are waterproof, and it works well. He splashed in a lot of puddles and his socks were still dry. (We mainly hike river banks and forest trails.) These are keepers, and I'm going to order another pair in a larger size for when he grows out of his current ones.
B000B2HQ5O Great for little hikers! We bought these little hiking boots for our son who was getting cold and wet feet while we were walking a trail that has many wet spots where you must cross a creek. I would say these boots did a great job keeping his feet clean and dry. The material is waterproof which is great for a brave toddler who likes going through all forms of water. The only time his feet got wet while wearing these was when his foot was submerged, so naturally the water came in through the top.These boots are attractive and my son absolutely loves them and loves to show them off. They fit perfectly. Not too big nor too small. I was very relieved to see that they come in half sizes as my son is just a little too big for the 7, but not quite ready for the 8.They are easy to clean off once walked through several trails of mud. DO NOT PUT THEM IN THE DRYER. This will ruin the nice exterior material and these great boots will no longer be waterproof.Overall, I would recommend these for any adventurous little one who has a hard time avoiding puddles and other feet-drenching material!
B000BB15ZC great boots, except for one major flaw....... Ive owned two pairs of these boots, and by all accounts I wore them down to the nub. The bootstrings where first to go (they got shredded up, but it is to be expected), and wore one pair to the point of removing most of its sole.These boots are VERY comfortable, soft, and decently breathable for waterproof boots. My feet never got wet wearing these. In terms of all things I could use to rate a boot, I liked them...except for the stiching.the stitching on BOTH pairs of my boots gave out, right along the gore-tex outer layer (the area that was not made out of leather), and came undone on both sides of each boot. It was almost unbelievable...... who ever heard of a something like that?that's something you expect from Walmart boots.I fixed the problem with shoe gloop, but still, for the price of these boots you shouldn't have to make a sacrifice like that. This was all under city-conditions, and should never had fallen apart like they did. I would never, ever trust these things on a trail or serious conditions. It would see that as being a unnecessary risk.So in short, its actually a pretty decent city boot and lasted me a while, but I suggest picking up some extra boot-strings. shoe glue, and buying them on heavy discount....because you need to know what your getting out of these things.
B000BB15ZC Best Boots I Ever Owned Edited on 6/2011 to add: These boots just climbed its namesake, Mt Chocorua in the White Mountain Forest of New Hampshire, an strenuous 8 mile, 7 hour, 2,000 foot climb and my feet were fine. Also, a month before I wore them on a more strenuous hike, Mt Lafayette along the Franconia Ridge Walk in the White Mountain Forest - a 9 mile, 11 hour (for me), 3,900 foot climb to an elevation of 5,300 feet - the best hike with the best views ever, boot hikes strongly recommended if in the area. Anyway, these boots, along with hiking socks, kept my feet comfortable with zero complaints.The Timberline Chicorua boots are sturdy, comfortable and waterproof. I had owned a pair of the slightly less expense Timberland White Ledge boots for over 4 years which have identical bottom and I loved them. For my replacement boots I decided to move up to the next model in the line, the Chicorua, because of the slightly taller support around the ankle and the Gore-Tex membrane which makes them more breathable. My first test was a 4 mile mountain hike over rocky terrain and they felt great without any previous break-in period. I have now used them for backcountry hiking up rough terrain in the White Mountains and Acadia National Park on a 10 day trip and my feet never felt better during or after the hike - no complaints at all, these are the best boots I ever owned!!!Tip 1: As soon as you get these boots rub the leather with some mink oil and repeat a few times year. This will keep them waterproof and insure the leather doesn't dry or crack and will extend their useful life. I did this with my last pair of Timberlines and the leather still looks great after over 4 years.Tip 2: For serious hikes do not use cheap cotton socks. Instead either use wool socks in winter or Hiking Socks. Hiking socks, like Thorlo are expensive but well worth it because they not only wick away moisture, which cotton does not, but also provides much better cushioning that reduce shear and impact forces so your feet feel great and minimizes the potential for blisters. The weak link of a good boot is the socks - it took me years to realize this.
B000BB15ZC Not really waterproof, cruel boots Ouch! These boots are kind of waterproof but in the most difficult conditions are not.  They will keep you feet dry going across a stream, but a half mile through long wet grass will leave you with wet feet.I don't know if this is just me, but they hurt my feet.  Given the nature of the construction with a molded  EVA last and sole this is a function of the shape as they will never break in.  I find that after 3 or 4 miles I just want them OFF!  I have tried the factory insole and 2 kinds of orthotics based upon casts of my feet.  They hurt no matter what.I read the reviews and everyone said ordering the normal US size was okay.  I wear a US 13 and am thinking I should have ordered a 14.If you get these wear them indoors and standing for a few days before deciding to keep them
B000BB15ZC Comfortable, Light Weight, and Waterproof This boot has been an excellent purchase.  I have had the opportunity to use it in 5 degree weather with packed and fresh snow and never had a problem.  The traction, warmth, and overall comfort were great.  Not once did any water get through and the gore-tex lining allows sufficient breathing.  Used these boots right out of the box and walked a total of ~25 miles with no blisters or discomfort.  I would definitely purchase this product again.
B000BB15ZC Fits well, comfortable Fits very well, no surprises.  Very comfortable right out of the box.  Seems completely waterproof as well.  Only minor thing is there is a small gap between the tongue and the top of the shoe when laced.  As they break in more, that may close.
B000BB15ZC Held Up To The Challenge I picked these up here for a thru-hiking trip (Northville-Placid Trail in the Adirondacks) and these boots really held up to the job. I consider these to be my first true pair of hikers. Not only were the boots comfortable but they truly were very waterproof (the only exception to this was the occasional "sinker"). When these get worn out I'm definitely picking up another pair of TImberlands.
B000BB15ZC outdoor hiking boot Excellent hiking shoe...comfortable, waterproof, and very well made!!We keep reordering these shoes because they are the best we've found for treking around in the woods.
B000BB15ZC Great boot, for the most part. My wife and I have been doing some light hiking every weekend and these boots have performed as well as I'd hoped after about four hikes, so far.  I've always found that buying hiking boots was a risky proposition.  You never know how you're going to like them until after you've put some miles on a pair.  These boots have met all my hopes and expectations.  The only thing that I'm not thrilled about is the last two sets of eyelets at the top of the boot.  They are open hooks as opposed to closed loops or eyelets.  I find that the lace keeps popping out of the hook when I'm trying to tie it.  It's probably just my personal quirk and I suspect most hiking boots have these open hooks.  There must be some perceived advantage to these, but I would have preferred something closed.
B000BB15ZC Excellent boot for the hiker/ walker I received these boots about six weeks ago and really like them. I always replace the insoles with a more supportive insole. I replaced the hard foam insole with one from Walmart (in the shoe department) - about $9.00. Makes a big difference in comfort. I walk 10-15 miles a day and have had no problems with these boots. Very supportive to the ankles and good fit. I also walk in snow quite often and they have maintained their water proofness so far. My last pair of Timberlands were White Ledge which I have pretty much worn out in the past year. As the heels wear down, I build them back up with Shoe Goo, which gives me many more miles. The only bad thing I can say about the Chocoruas is that I can see that the laces (which are substantial) will soon be frayed due to the metal eyelets (which have a fairly sharp edge). These are well built boots and very comfortable - glad I upgraded from the White Ledge.
B000BB15ZC Mailman approved Great boots especially on long hikes. As a mailman its something that I do rely on. Waterproof, quality and comfort.
B000BB15ZC Good Boots for Hiking and Wet conditions They are comfortable, easy to put on, and have decent traction in wet, slippery and/or rocky conditions.  They are also good in snow, my feet haven't gotten wet yet and they keep my feet warm.  The only downsides are that they mark up easily and the laces that came with it broke about 6 months after buying.  There are replacement laces but you can't get the same color that came when you bought it.  The guy at the shop says that the metal rings grind down on the laces.
B000BB15ZC Very pleased!! I got these a few weeks ago and have hiked 20 or so miles in them and they feel great! I also bought the smartwool socks. I have stood in water up to the laces, I hiked along a lake michigan beach and had the waves crashing into them most of the way and my feet were dry, 1 rogue wave went over the top and alittle water went in but it wasn't bad. I took the advise of one reviewer and bought the mink oil and rubbed it on and plan to do it a few times a year.
B000BB15ZC Leaking water after a single winter These boots seemed excellent when I just got them, very comfortable, breathable but after a single winter one of them started leaking water somewhere... Can't locate the exact spot, but the leak is definitely present. These boots are not durable enough, there has to be something better out there.
B000BB15ZC As good as it gets! I am on my fifth or sixth pair of chocoruas and I still love them dearly.  Started wearing them on an appalachian trail hike in 2002 and have never bought another boot since.  I wear a 10 1/2 wide and no boot feels better with less break-in time.  The gore-tex is solid - 500 miles in winter snow (with gators) attests to that.  Obviously a short boot can't keep your feet dry in high water or anything but I prefer to sacrifice height to lighter weight.I now use them exclusively on construction sites as I'm a full time contractor these days.  They are not construction boots, but still hold up better than anything else that's comfortable.  My only Issue with them is the little metal tabs at the top like to catch either your laces or on ladders and trip you up.  Also, they will let a nail through the sole quicker than kiss my hand, but they're really not made for that kind of work.  My solution for years has been to crimp those tabs closed as soon as they come out of the box since I've never used them to lace the boots anyway...and to avoid nails.Conclusion: If you're looking for a light hiker: this is it.  Also check out Bone Dry Red Heads from Bass Pro as I got 1300 (literally) miles out of a pair of those (they're not as comfortable, though).  If you're looking for a construction boot, this is an incredibly comfortable, less protective option.Notes:  I've been through so many because construction that includes contact with concrete, gypsum, mud and other things that harden will wear out any leather boot faster than just walking and water.  They last easily as long as anything else I've had on the jobsite.Random note: I've run into maybe five or six people now randomly who will be wearing these.  One of us will throw out a "nice boots" and that will start us both talking about how great they are and how this their second or third pair.  Odd.
B000BB15ZC good shoe , but not insulated i thought the shoe i ordered was waterproof and insulated , it is waterproof, but not insulated. i work outdoors and in the winter i need insulation.
B000BB15ZC Poor guality The seam on the sides of this boot come undone.  After 30 miles of hiking the seam where the leather meets the nylon mesh is completely frayed and ripped on all sides.  2 boots with 4 seams that are split wide open.  Very comfortable but does you little good when your feet are wet and the boot is actively self destructing.  Shame on Timberland for putting this garbage out there.
B000BB15ZC So-so boot First, if you plan to wear these boots for significant distances, do not buy them online; they may not fit as you expect. I normally wear size 13, but ended up getting 12; 13 felt way too large, while 12 felt about right (and this was in the summer; unfortunately, boots usually do not come in size 12.5).I bought these over 2 years ago and took them on a 100-mile backpacking trip after wearing them in town for just a couple of miles. My toes felt a tiny bit of pressure from the boot, but overall the boots felt very comfortable, and it was a delight to walk through puddles without my feet getting even dump.By now, these shoes have gone through about 200 miles of backpacking with 40-60 lb pack (mostly on hilly terrain, but with good footing), 100 miles of 15-25 mile day hikes (mostly on flattish terrain, but with rocky footing), and perhaps another 50-100 miles of walking in town, 1-2 miles at a time. So, while I have had them for a while, they have not gone through that many miles (for comparison, AT is 2200 miles, and I do not think most through hikers go through more than 2 pairs of boots).Unfortunately, the outsoles are starting to detach from the top of the boot where they are joined at the front. I am afraid this may end their waterproofness in the near future. The top parts of boots also seem to have started soaking a little bit of water (though it still does not get through, unless I actually stand in a paddle for quite a while). The pressure on my toes has also increased significantly; recently, I have been feeling it even after wearing the boots briefly (1-2 miles) in town and then taking them (somehow, 20 miles on a trail do not feel any worse). My guess is that these boots have shrunk over time. I also ended up with blisters at the back and at the bottom of my feet after each of two 25-mile day hikes.In summary, this boot is waterproof to begin with and can be pretty comfortable (if it fits properly), but it is not overly sturdy. It also appears that the quality of Timberland Chocorua may have declined over time; see my review of the women's version which my wife bought this past summer. They are all made in China, btw.
B000BB15ZC Did not meet expectations Bought the boots in September. On the plus side this is a comfortable boot, sized right and very waterproof. Negatives include, had to replaced the laces because the eyes have sharp edges that destroy laces. The boot is also very warm with no ventilation or air flow that you would expected from Gore Tex. This is not a summer hiker.
B000BB15ZC A second after your foot is in, you know why these boots cost more Several points:- The boots are amazingly comfortable and contour perfectly to your foot. When you first start walking in them you notice that bending your toe at the end of your step is quite stiff. A worrying crease forms at this point in the leather. However this crease will not wear out even after 3 years and does stay waterproof. After a short wear-in period the bending becomes less stiff and even more comfortable.- They are "summer" boots - they have a ventilation "area" on both sides that is not leather. (You can see this dolphin-shaped darker area in the photo.) So they are cool enough for summer hiking. However I took them in snow and I'd say they are warm enough for medium-intensity snow hiking also. This makes them an all-round boot for me.- The "noir" is really dark. I can't see a reason for buying a black pair even if they had my size.- If you spray on "hydrophobic" boot waterproofer you can put your whole foot under water up to just below your ankle and raise it out of the water without a single drop clinging to the boot. (This is quite surreal to watch.) Thus in the snow and in puddles the boot stayed perfectly dry for me.- The lace hooks will rip out if you catch them really really hard on something, and there is no way to replace them. They will also bend if you catch them hard. That said, they are good solid hooks. Manufacturers might think of creating replaceable ones instead, and then including a few spares in the box.- You can tie the laces slightly loose and use the lace hooks alone to undo the boot. (Well, I suppose you can do this with any boot with lace hooks.) Makes for convenient unbooting at airport security.- The Gortex lining can come loose from inners after about 3 years. But the gortex itself won't wear at all.- Rubber toe will start to separate after about three years.- I like these boots because I can hike with them and also wear them to the office. The front of the boot is mostly seemless; so except for the thick sole they could pass off as a shoe. You can even where them to night clubs etc. This is especially true of the noir version.- Basically I wear these all day every day no matter what I'm doing, rain, shine, or snow. I'm posting this review after buying my second pair.
B000BB15ZC Boots don't get much better I have a brown pair I bought last year and loved them so much I decided to order a black pair to wear when I ride my motorcycle.  They come in wide sizes so a great fit is easy.  They are high enough to give you super ankle support and yet not so high that they are uncomfortable or restrict ankle movement.  They are waterproof as proven in my recent all day ride in the rain. I plan to replace  the laces with heavier duty ones as the original  wear out easily due to the quick lace grommets have somewhat  abrasive edges.  These are probably the most comfortable footwear I have and I own  Merrell, New Balance, Borns and other high comfort shoes.  I do recommend adding heavy duty laces and a pair of Sof Sole Men's Airr Lightweight Insole Shoe insoles to make the fit even PERFECT!
B000BB15ZC Best Boots I've ever owned I work for a lumber company and have worn work boots for the past 30 years.I use to buy the cheaper boots found in most chain type stores. I decided I wanted to find a true WATERPROOF work boot. I went to a speciality store that carried a large varity of waterproof boots. I need a wide width and they could be hard to find.The Timberland Chocurua Trail boots fit great & were extremly comfortable right out of the box. No need to break them in. I wore them 10 hours the 1st day with no discomfort what so ever.The 1st week I had walked thru a large mudhole so when I got home I pulled out the garden hose and sprayed the entire boot down. No water seepage. I thought for sure my feet would get a little wet but that wasn't the case.I wore these for about a year and I'm now on my second pair. As they say you get what you pay for.If your looking for a true waterproof boot with great comfort kick out the few extra bucks and give these a try. You won't be disappointed.
B000BB15ZC Quick break-in period and great over long distances I bought the Timberland Chocorua boots for a planned two-week hike in the Appalachians. I was a little worried, as I only had about a week and a half to fully break them in before I was off on my excursion. I bought the boots in black, knowing I could then wear them to work. The extent of my break-in still had me concerned until about day 2 or 3 of my hike. Not only was I not developing blisters, my feet were far less tired then with any other pair of hiking boots I've had in the past (usually costing substantially more than these). Overall, we trekked approxamitely 100 miles on foot, and once I got home, I cleaned them up,and apart from the inevitable scratches and nicks, they still look fantastic and feel great.The only thing worth noting is that while they are lined with Gore-Tex, if you get water about two inches above where the laces start, a small amount of moisture was able to trickle in to my feet. It was not enough to swamp my socks, and with a combination of the lining material, and a good pair of hiking socks, it was more or less a non-issue.
B000BB15ZC an excellent Bug-out Boot, at a great price So I've been building a bug-out bag recently, and listening to quite a few people who have posted vid's on utube about what to have.  A lightweight, waterproof boot seems to be the overwhelming choice for footwear.  After all, you definitely dont want to have wet feet, and you just might need to run, so weight is also very important.  All that said, I chose these boots from Timberland, a very reputable company making top quality footwear for some time now.  THESE BOOTS DID NOT DISAPPOINT ME AT ALL.  They are very well built, VERY lightweight, extremely comfortable, and look great too.  I do agree with one reviewer on here that said that they are kinda spacious in the toe area, so I will be buying a thick sock.  I usually wear a 11.5 or 12 in a boot, and I ordered a 12 just so i'm not sending them back for being too small.  Well they fit great but are just a tad big in the toe area, which for me isn't a big deal.  I'd rather have them a bit big then a bit small.  I think a good pair of DR Scholls shock absorbers and I'm gelling as i'm kicking some Zombie A&$.  Love the boots so much i'm considering buying a second pair.  Great boot at a great price, couldn't be happier.  Throw some mink oil on the beautiful leather and i'm sure one could almost walk on water and not get wet.  Definitely definitely get a pair, you wont be disappointed.
B000BB15ZC Excellent in every detail I bought this shoe in late May to replace my old and worn Merrill hiker and was impressed from the first 7 mile hike in Harpers Ferry, in May, 2011 to current (Sept 2011).This shoe IS waterproof! It IS comfortable, and it holds up in wet and slippery terrain. After almost 1000 miles of traversing Scotlands wonderful summits where it rained 8 out of 11 days, these shoes were amazing. No leaks, the interior stayed dry no matter if I was slogging through mud or swollen streams and they did not slip on wet and damp rock surfaces.Its also an excellent day to day yard shoe and we use them when we travel on hike/bike travels on our motorcycles. We had No lace issues, absolutely no complaints.
B000BB15ZC Best shoes ever These boots come ready to wear right out of the box. No break in needed. Waterproof? You better believe it. Easy to get on and off. My foot is exactly a 12 so I did what other reviewers suggested and ordered a size larger (a 13 in my case) and the fit is perfect. I do building maintenance for a oceanfront condo so I'm on my feet all day including ladders and roofs. The roofs are where all the standing water is. My feet stay dry in 3 to 4 inches of water.They are very lightweight and have a removable insert. In short I love these boots and will be buying another pair to wear when I'm not at work.
B000BB15ZC Great daily hiker! I have been wearing these boots at least five days a week for nearly a month and they are great!  I hike three miles a day over various terrain such as: loose gravel, packed dirt, grass, mud and large rocks) and they do really well on all of the surfaces.  So far I have not experienced a wet foot and I have gone through small streams and puddles a few inches deep.  They are super light, nearly as light as my running shoes, which makes the many miles in them very easy.  They are also very comfortable, I wore them for a five mile hike right out of the box and did not even get a blister!  Definitely a five star boot.
B000BFIHVS Best for Trails, Not Talus Pros:- Thick, one piece leather uppers- Solid bonding of sole to upper- Comfortable, No Break-in needed- Color = Dirt- Good traction in snow, rock and gravel- Laces that stay tight- True to size- Nice padded collar- Price, about the same as a resole- Metal, not plastic, lace hooksCons:- No steel foot-bed, too flexible- One tongue not centered- Soft rubber sole collects cactus- Not waterproofSince I received these in late July I've put over 200-miles on them in 4-12 mile day hikes. Most hikes have been on trails, but a few off trail on steep side slopes and talus. Both off trail uses highlight the weakness of these boots. The lack of a steel foot-bed makes the sole too flexible for comfortable off trail hiking on steep terrain.The cactus con was a surprise. For miles around my house small prickly pear are common and with leather uppers and Vibram soles I just ignored the cactus. My first hike with these and the soles were filled with a combination of needles and crushed cactus pedals. Basically the sole rubber is too soft to reject the needles, unlike a hard rubber Vibram sole.The Timberland website claims waterproof, not what I experienced. Took a 4-mile,4-hour hike in 2" of snow where the boot toes were frequently dusted with snow, when I got home my socks were damp. Never experienced that with my Gore-Tex boots.I'm only mildly disappointed with these boots, they have limitations and I'll need to use them where they are best suited.
B000BFIHVS Surprising boot. Although, I feel the sizing is adjusted one half size up, for me a 10.5 in most shoes is a 10 in the White Ledge.  The foot bed is overstated.  I am using a high end replacement foot bed and recommend the change to all.  This decent water proof boot becomes a top rated Hiking/Working/Supported Walker.  Light and rugged.  The tongue material and lace rivets appear cheap. Yet, they have held up just fine.  The white Ledge is functionality over ascetics .  I strongly suggest these boots .  I have had high end boots and resoled them with less satisfaction for the price spent.
B000BFIHVS I love these timberlands They are everything as listed. I do HVAC work in NC. the boots are rugged and definately waterproof. They are not as heavy weight as they look. They look great with everything from Uniform Dickies to everyday blue jeans. I also wear them with shorts on Mountain hikes. Frim this point on I am probably going to keep rotating in a new pair every year.
B000BFIHVS Great boots, great price. These boots are great. They run true to size and are much more comfortable than expecting. At work I am on my feet for hours on end, and I actually prefer wearing these boots compared to running or walking sneakers. My feet do not hurt from wearing them all day long like most of my other shoes. The price is great and the fact that they are waterproof improves their value and usability. I wear them everyday taking my dog on hikes through the woods where I encounter a serious terrain. Rocks, tree stumps, sand, mud, rain, snow, ice, hills, and pavement. The boots protect my feet and are truly waterproof and comfortable. The only complaint is that as a precious reviewer mentioned, the tongue of the right boot is just the slightest bit off center and the way the material folds inside the boot, I can feel it pressed tight against the top of my foot. The left boot does not have this problem, which I find odd. It may be fixable by cutting or maybe padding the folded material, but it is such a minor problem that it doesn't bother me enough to try. Highly recommended.
B000BFIHVS UPSers This is the boot for us. It can be shined to a nice finish although it is an oiled leather.  More water resistant than water proof.  Great feel on the foot and great long lasting sole.  Good price.  Be sure to save your receipt for the tax writeoff.
B000BFIHVS very disappointed These are suppose to be completely waterproof and they are not. Timberland is very well known for their boots being the best.  So i felt safe in throwing the box away, figuring the name would stand on it's own.  Well, first snowfall , and the boots are not waterproof!
B000BFIHVS Solid & Comfortable after 4.5 years! I've had these boots for almost 5 years. They have been great! The leather is still supple (mink oil helps) after countless soakings, even in salt water - and to this day the boot remains completely waterproof, though not quite as breathable (my feet sweat a bit even with wool socks). They have molded to my feet wonderfully, I love wearing them around town or out exploring - they do both jobs great! Love the classic, all leather look. I've used them as a casual around-town boot, hiking, and at work offshore - they do it all.I just purchased the Chocorua Trail boot (basically a slightly taller White Ledge with gore-tex) as my White Ledge's were starting to smell a bit too much to wear them for anything but work. But I haven't retired them officially yet; they still have miles left in them!
B000BFIHVS Work & Play Having just purchased my second pair, these have been my main choice of footwear for the past 2 years. They are durable and comfortable for hiking or working outdoors. Being waterproof is extremely important to me as they are excellent for fording shallow streams, walking through snow, or wet grassy fields. There's nothing worse than wet feet, and these have never let me down in that respect.After about a year and a half of hard use, the sole did break loose from the leather, but I felt that I got my money's worth.
B000BFIHVS 18yrs of good service Not much I can say about these boots, my last pair lasted 18yrs before the upper finally separated. These are identical and I'll be happy with half that time!!!!!They are comfortable with a good grip, they are waterproof just as advertised as in colder weather are nice and cozy.I live in Hawaii now, but even here they are not too hot to wear on long hikes.I had these a week before taking them on a serious hike into the wilderness, no blisters, no spots that rubbed, a great boot for a reasonable price.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boots These boots are awesome,  the very first day I received them my basement flooded with about 3 inches of water, I worked it for about an hr or so and my feet never got wet or even damp, A+ rating from me.  Very good boot.
B000BFIHVS Great Timberlands ...first of all, I got these boots for 40 bucks!! Yeah baby!!  Thank you, Amazon! They're very stylish.. great as a work boot or an everyday boot. I just used them in that snowstorm we had Sunday in Philadelphia. ( December 8th, 2013)We had 8&#34; of snow! I was out there for four hours shoveling my house and my four neighbors, ..not to mention walking dog in the woods for an hour before that. They were comfortable, warm...and most of all waterproof! My feet never became wet nor were they uncomfortable to wear. I highly recommend these boots.. for their comfort and ruggedness. I am very pleased with my purchase!  :)
B000BFIHVS Comfortable and Durable... I've always gotten great results from Timberland hikers. The main features I look for is light weight, comfort and durability. These boots have a combination of all three. Ohter shoes have the comfort and durability but they tend to be heavier. I've worn these on mountain trails, city streets and, with a little polish, in corporate meetings. They're not WP/Goretex but with some mink oil, they can be made to be very water resistant. And they look good too. I also wear Timberland steel toe boots at work with the same results. I usually get about two years from a pair. I ordered the wrong size at first and Amazon exchanged them quickly and conviently.
B000BFIHVS two weeks and they have failed Two weeks in and the front is separating from top leather. My feet get extremely wet so they are not waterproof. I wish I could get an exchange and receive a better pair.
B000BFIHVS LOVE THEM Best fit for my boyfriend. No more cold/wet feet! Great price and fast shipping! Highly recommend to everyone who is tired of wet and cold feet
B000BFIHVS Very comfortable but the waterproofing is an issue I have worn these hiking in the Andes,  the Grand Canyon, all over Northern Arizona and the southern desert. the are very comfortable, but are not waterproof. I  will buy another pair.
B000BFIHVS Great hiking boots Comfortable, waterproof, true to size, what more do you need in a hiking boot. These are great! I keep mine treated with mink oil and they have never leaked.
B000BFIHVS Great boot at a great price This is my third pair of the Timberland White Ledge Boot. I think that pretty well sums out how I feel about them. I wear them nearly every day so they get a lot of wear in a lot of different environments. The previous two pair  each lasted well over a year. I like the fit, the support and the comfort. I work outside most days so the fact that they are waterproof is very important to me. They keep my feet dry in the worst of conditions, I will continue to buy them as long as Timberland produces them.
B000BFIHVS I love these boots... I haven't gotten a chance to take them out hiking yet,but just wearing them around town (to break them in) they're extremely comfortable, and I wear them everytime I can make an excuse to do so. Also, I work at a standing desk for several hours a day, and these boots are probably not ideal for that, but they're still more comfortable to stand in than my running shoes (probably also not ideal for just standing in).  I haven't tested out the water-proof-ness of them yet. If they fail my expectations, I'll edit my review.
B000BFIHVS Great boot&#8230;. but. It's probably my own issue:  These boots are great in workmanship, comfort, and fit; but, they are hardly waterproof.  Maybe up to 6&#34;, but that's not good enough if you're fording a waist high creek&#8230; hahaha  Anyway, once the water is in, you're sloshing around in it until you take the time to remove and drain&#8230; and drain&#8230; and drain.  So, I'm thinking these may be a straight dry hike boot.  For that, I'd give them 4.5 to 5 stars.  Great boot overall.
B000BFIHVS Timberland Hiker - great buy for the price I was looking for a pair of lightweight hikers to replace an old pair, so that I have something that is waterproof for this year's upcoming Boy Scout Jamboree. I am an adult volunteer and will be wearing these boots for about seventeen days, and I can tell you once a boot gets wet, you don't want to be walking around in them. I ordered these boots, at a very reasonable price, (about $65, which is fantastic for this type of shoe/boot), and was very pleased when they arrived. I ordered a size 11, double width and feel very comfortable when I wear them. I am really looking forward to my time in West Virginia this summer, partaking in high adventure activities with my new Timberlands.
B000BFIHVS Solid leather - love them I've used on 3 hikes now.  They're well broken in and I'm really pleased.  With mink oil, these are completely waterproof.  Almost everyone on my last hike got wet feet but I stayed warm and dry.  Solid grip, comfortable and easy on and off.
B000BFIHVS These boots are pretty good. They look great, and comfy to walk around in.  The insole does have some contour/support int there.  They fit well.  Not as roomy as I am used to with other brands of shoes.  They fit right.  I can't tell if they are pure leather or some kind of synthetic rubber/leather combo.  They seem to be really designed to be waterproof.  1 negative ---The rubbery tongue is short.  It doesn't come up as high as in the picture shows.  The top row of laces rests on the top of the tongue. I like having the tongue ride higher than the laces.
B000BFIHVS Going on 5 months. I bought these as an alternative to regular work boots. These boots move around on pavement for 8-10 hours a day constantly going from wet to dry as well as getting exposed to chemicals. The leather has darkened quite a bit, but they have held up well and are still comfortable. They don't have as good of a grip on slick pavement as regular work boots do, but I knew that going in. As for their intended use, I don't do any serious hiking, but these get pretty good traction out in the woods. My only problem with them is how slippery the laces are. Maybe they are more water resistant than normal laces? Anyway, I switched them out because they liked to come undone.All in all, a good fitting pair of general purpose boots.
B000BFIHVS Great All Around Boots! These along with my other Timberland boots are great for outdoor activities, walking on trails and everyday hiking. Additionally, you can walk all day with these on without any pain on your feet since they are so light and comfortable. Furthermore, these boots are water repellent due to Gore-tex technology so no worries on getting your feet wet.
B000BFIHVS fitting , brand , look everything ok. but their promise goesoff with - it keeps your feet wet and no waterproof fitting , brand , look everything ok. but their promise goesoff with - it keeps your feet wet and no waterproof
B000BFIHVS Good Boot Got these boots and they fit! I ordered 1/2 size larger. I'm getting ready to put mink oil on them to water proof. Very satisfied so far.
B000BFIHVS Timberlands: comfortable and indestructible These boots are incredibly comfortable, particularly if you work on your feet most of the day on varying surfaces.  This is  my second pair and are a true fit.  The waterproof claim is also true.  I have yet to feel any moisture on inside, no matter how wet the boots get on the outside.  When i put them on the next morning, they are good to go and show no ill effects from the previous days weather.
B000BFIHVS good but *Super lightweight*Warm when worn with high quality socks*Very waterproof*ComfortableMy only gripe is that the rounded portion on the backs of the boots, just above the straps you use to help slip them on, dug into my lower calf causing severe pain all day. I ultimately had to cut that part of the boots off with scissors to eliminate the discomfort I was experiencing. Other than that, these boots are good.Tip: I have used beeswax to ensure that the boots remain waterproof even in high water. Soften the beeswax using a hair dryer, apply liberally to the surface of the boots, and then melt the wax using the high heat setting on the dryer. Be sure and spread the wax around on the boots with your hands as you melt it.
B000BFIHVS Great boots for a decent price They fit as expected, are very much waterproof. If they aren't, as some reviews claim, just buy some mink oil. I mean if you stand in water for a day, yeah your feet are going to be wet. In realistic conditions, however, these boots are great. They take some breaking in, but once they are broken in they are very comfortable. I've only worn them in an urban setting so I can't speak for their capacity as hiking boots but they are comfortable enough for all day wear.
B000BFIHVS Better than reviews... I bought these being somewhat skeptical on all the great reviews, but at the price, I thought I would give them a try. My gosh! These things are wonderful! I refuse to wear any other shoes, thus I am on here ordering a second pair.  I did have the stiffness on initial break in, tight right before my toes just below the instep of foot, once I applied mink oil liberally, that disappeared within hours. I highly recommend wearing some merino wool socks and if you have feet discomfort as I had in the past, you will not be able to wait to slip this on your feet. I wish I would have used the combo of these and merino wool a long time ago. These are light, but durable, waterproof, and fit like a glove...what more could you want? Just buy them.
B000BFIHVS Great boots I purchased these in January 2014 and am still wearing them daily. The boots are comfortable.  I applied a coat of mint oil to keep them waterproof after a few months and I re-apply monthly. Great value and long lasting and will buy again.
B000BFIHVS Great general-purpose, fair hiking... I've bought several pairs of these boots and find they are wonderful all around boots. Waterproof and amazingly comfortable. About the only drawback concerns hiking; in NE PA, hiking means rocky trails and the soles just don't hold up, 6 months are about all I manage. Still I keep buying them for their quality and comfort otherwise.
B000BFIHVS great value While I'd prefer to go thru life wearing flip flops, as far as work shoes go these are comfy, sized right for heavy socks, and are indeed waterproof up to about the ankles.  After that water gets in around the tongue.  Having said that, Amazon really dropped the ball on this one.  It took a full 8 days just to get my order out the door.  After that everything went well, but this isn't the service I've come to expect.
B000BFIHVS Comfy I have been looking for a pair of waterproof boots and these seem to fit the bill.  The are breaking in well.
B000BFIHVS Comfortable, sturdy, & waterproof These are truly waterproof! I hiked through mud, snow, and water and my feet stayed completely dry! When I first put them on, I thought they were comfortable but needed breaking in. But I went on a five mile hike and I had no blisters so they weren't too stiff! They offer great traction, even on muddy, wet, and leaf-covered hills!my feet stayed warm in mid-30s day but never got hot. I believe I will be able to wear these on the summer too-I don't think they will be too hot. I have a weak ankle and these offer terrific support through all kinds of terrain. They are extremely well made and I believe that I will be hiking for years and miles to come!!
B000BFIHVS I like it I'd recomend it for that money! Fit really good, not heavy, waterproof is working. I had it before and need a second time.
B000BFIHVS Not waterproof...not even water resistant I liked the design and they are reasonably comfortable. I generally wear a size 10 W, had to get a 9.5 W of this boot. My problem is that I cannot even walk in dew covered grass for 15 minutes without having wet feet...not damp, but wet. I have applied mink oil twice and it does not seem to have helped. I would return them if discovering this defect would have occurred within the 30-day return window, but I missed that by a couple of weeks. They did work OK for when there was still snow on the ground...just can't handle dew.
B000BFIHVS Nice Hiking boots for the money. These were the closest replacement for my 2001 'Trail Dust' Hikers that I had (no longer available) and they say are Waterproof but they are talking about the boot itself up to about 3" of water (No splash), the leather itself needs to be protected by Mink Oil or something similar for water repelent to keep from staining the leather with spots. Nice construction and lightweight boots for the money, Thanks.
B000BFIHVS Bring it on! I just took this pair of boots, straight out of the box, for an 11 mile hike across muddy and rocky terrain, as well as several stream crossings. Only one word to describe them: amazing! They were incredibly comfortable and my feet only started to hurt around in the last three miles (although that could very well have been just the tiredness). They were completely waterproof when I accidentally submerged them about halfway into the stream. I felt that my ankles were well supported, and generally felt pretty like I could take on whatever the terrain could throw at me. Infinite improvement over the sneakers I normally wear.Some other notes:- I noticed that one of the boots seemed a bit scratched up. There were two deeper lines and a few shallow scratches on the leather. However, I figured that I would be taking them through rough areas anyway, so I decided to keep them.- I also followed the advice from &#34;A Kid's Review&#34; and rubbed mink oil on the boots before taking them out. I also got a pair of merino wool socks (Terramer) to wear with them.- I was hiking in 80F weather and while I did find them warm, I didn't find them too hot or stuffy.
B000BFIHVS Awesome work boot! I have been using and abusing my current pair for 10 months. I am a lawn and landscaper in SW Florida these boots were comfortable as can be right from the start. During our monsoon summer rains, my feet were dry. All I did was mink oil them. The boots not my feet. Strong wear life on the soles and never any slipping on wet surfaces. I am going to get another pair without a doubt, but my boots are still going and going. I don't get the bad reviews that I read because these boots are as solid as you can find.
B000BFIHVS Boot I bought these to replace an 8 year old pair of another brand. My initial impression is good, comfortable, easy on my feet. Managed to get out for a quick 2 mile hike in some hilly areas, no blisters, no break in rub marks. Only time will tell if my rating holds true. The autumn is coming and that is my main backpacking/hiking season. I am not a hardcore backpacker but a recreational type that gets out on the weekends for 6-10 miles, 10-15 miles a weekend if I'm lucky.23 February 2014Lowered to two stars. Not waterproof or water resistant out of box. Great for dry environment, mine do not hold up to any type of water. Very comfortable but not a bit dry. Will not buy or recommend again.
B000BFIHVS Good shoes They are truly waterproof after 6 months of puddles, hikes, and monsoons.  But they are a full size too large.  I ordered a ten and should have gotten a 9.
B000BFIHVS Good hiking boot I tried it the first time last Friday in a 5 mile hike and it was very comfortable, it did not create any tension in my leg or foot. I like this pair of boots and I recommend it.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge Waterproof Boot, Brown, Timberland White Ledge Waterproof Boot,Brown,8 W
B000BFIHVS Great waterproof hiking boots Super light. Super comfy. Sturdy. Waterproof. I am very happy with these boots. They are exactly what I need for many miles of hiking.
B000BFIHVS Great boots, light and comfortable... My job requires a lot of work on a ladder and also walking around, the first day I felt like it was a little bit hard, but a couple days after it feels really comfortable and is also weather proof...no water inside after walking under a storm in Brazil !! good for the money I spent....
B000BFIHVS Timberland Men's White Ledge Boot Man I loved them I've always worn Rock ports and or Clark's Red wings Bass + more then I can recall in the past 65 yrs I did have a pair of Timberlines way back and when younger and avid hunter and outdoors person and yr round construction worker I was always in the woods hunting or running the dogs or outside working in slop and mud, My old Clark's gave out last winter they started to split and leak . I got these and man they feel great put them one and 1st day had to go out and cranked up the old snowblower and removed over 18" of snow in about 25000 sq ft area and when I was done an Hr later feet were dry and as a old bone and warm..But with these I did as I do with all my new boots, I set them in the oven on 100 Deg F for 1/2 hr. too warm up to open the leathers pores then rubbed them down well with SOFSOLE mink oil paste that I also get here 5.00 .. and put them back in for 1/2 hr. then let then removed them and let set and cool .Then I set them in a foot tub with water up too the toe tops and they set a good 24 Hrs they never leaked a drop dry as a bone inside.. Put them on went out and they felt like I've worn them for a yr fit was perfect and the boot felt soft and easy on the feet like an old broken in pair does . Best boot I've ever used and I've used them all in my 65 yrs of outdoors and hunting and such  and for just 70.00 or so they as good as 200.00 ones I used..These are far better quality then I was expecting.. Easy on and easy off also  and I sent my Son's ea. a pair as they hunt and work outside yr round also and they said the same thing as I did best feeling boots they ever had new out the box
B000BFIHVS Suitable for my needs I do walking, climbing and excavation in arid places.  These boots have been suitable where others have not.  I bought a second pair at Amazon after multi-year success with the first.Boot selection is very personal.  These work for me for the following reasons.  My feet are relatively wide at the balls and toes, and these Timberlands (but not all Timberland models and certainly not many brands) are wide at the front, so my toes are not pinched.  Cactus thorns cannot penetrate the leather, which is important here.  The boots have a height that is sufficient to keep dirt and sharp vegetation from entering near the ankles.  The boots are light.  The tread is moderate, so traction is reasonable, but the tread does not clog with mud in wet places.  The boots clean up well with saddle soap and similar products.  The leather, composite soles and laces have been durable.
B000BFIHVS These boots are still kicking strong! Love them!!! These boots have been fantastic! The last boots I had finally gave out after cracking where the shoe bends at the toe knuckles. I walk outside a lot in a 5 building, 110-unit apartment complex in the Seattle area and the grassy areas are always covered in dew or rain, so waterproof was a must. These guys have been great!Last week, we had a winter freeze here in the Seattle area and someone left their apartment heat off before going on vacation for a few weeks. The sprinkler system pipes in the attic above were not properly insulated and one of his heads burst while he was gone, causing a massive flood in his unit and the two below. I had to go in and make sure no one was inside, so wading through a good 3-4 inches of water (over my toe but not quite ankle deep), these boots kept my feet dry while I cleared the area making sure no one was in there and hurt, and the two-three hours I spent pushing water out of the unit, putting de-icer on the sidewalks outside because the water coming out instantly froze to the steps and walkways, and wrapping everything up and going home in 20 degree weather.I never used any kind of spray on these and they don't seem warped after that experience at all. I am extremely happy with these for the price and am considering buying another pair for backup.The size was perfect, though I prefer a 4E tennis shoe and these would have been PERFECT for me if they offered a slightly wider model. Nevertheless, my feet adjusted and they feel fine through 8 hours of hiking the hills around my apartment complex 5 days a week.
B000BFIHVS Great fit, great comfort, great reliability. I purchased these to replace a pair of (cheap) hiking boots that I'd owned for years. I'm always wary of buying footwear online but after hiking 50+ miles in these I think I'm in love. I've repeatedly worn these for hours upon hours but I always find that the rest of my body is wearing before my feet do, regardless of terrain/weather. I've tramped through high grass, over rocks, into trees, onto rattlesnakes (close call!), but luckily no mud so I can't make any claims to how waterproof they are, but otherwise they've shown themselves to be extremely comfortable and reliable.
B000BFIHVS Sole of the boots not waterproof? I have had these for more than a week now. I like the fit but I noticed that my feet got cold when I was in the snow, particularly the sole of my feet.Since this is my first waterproof boots, would any of you know if the bottom of the boots are waterproof (I figure it should be but the product description says Breathable Footbed, so I was not sure)?Initially I thought I felt it cold without the woolen socks but even with woolen socks on the feet were not as warm as I expected and the sole of my feet were definitely cold.
B000BFIHVS Nice comfortable boots I've had the boots about a month and they seem to be holding up well.  I had read a review about them not being particularly waterproof so I sprayed them with Scotchguard as soon as they arrived.  So far so good.
B000BFIHVS Attractive, good fit, waterproof, not for serious hiking These boots look good, are definitely waterproof, keep my feet warm when it is very cold outside and they were at a good price.  I wear them around the city and for light hiking.  Don't think they would hold up to really serious hiking.  They aren't that kind of boot.
B000BFIHVS All-day waterproof comfort I absolutely love this boot. I am now on my third pair.  I wear it 9-10 hours a day, 6 days a week, for 9-10 months of the year. I am on my feet at least 7 of those hours. It holds up really well.  I live in Seattle, where you never know when it is going to rain, or when you are going to step in a puddle, or when you are going to be playing soccer in the wet grass with your 10-year old.  With this boot my feet NEVER ever get wet.  The shank is not as stiff as many hiking boots, so it is comfortable for all day wear.  It breathes very well, so my feet never get sweaty.The only thing I do to look after it is to apply waterproofing beeswax when I buy it, and then maybe once a year after that.  I also take out the original insole, and replace it with a pair of gel insoles.Cons: The top of the boot above the heel rubs on my socks in a way that it wears a hole in them at the achilles tendon.  I have not found a solution for this, except to buy new socks.  The tread is not great for scrambling in the wet. I don't use it for serious hiking. Because the shank is flexible, and the leather is pretty thick, it begins to crease and then crack above the toes after a few years.  (I suppose that if I cared for the boots more and prevented the leather from drying out, it would last longer.)  It also scuffs very easily.  Between the creasing and the scuffing my boots look pretty worn after 3 years, which is when I get a new one.  They remain comfortable, dry, with intact sole and stitching to the very end.The ONLY thing I'd ask Timberland to change on this boot is to fix the hole in the sock-heel problem. And maybe leave more grain on the leather or do something else to minimize the scuffing.
B000BFIHVS Great casual boots I picked these up and slipped them on my feet and they felt like they were meant for my feet.  These were the most comfortable boots I've had with initial wearing.  Wearing them for the last couple of months, they have remained comfortable.  The only issue I've had is laces have to be double knotted or they come undone after a couple hours of wear.  Also, they are not as waterproof as described.  I did treat them with mink oil when they first arrived and continue to do so as needed, but water does seem to sneak in somewhere low in the sole if you step in a puddle or muck through some snow/slush.  Not soaked, but you can feel a little cold wetness in the arch and ball of the foot.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots I have had these boots for about three years and I am still wearing them comfortably. They are very light and have remained waterproof with an occasional application of Sno-Seal. I wear them year round here in northern Wisconsin when I'm not wearing running shoes. I will buy these again.
B000BFIHVS The size is good for me. But not tested for waterproof I bought the boot to prepare for the raining season to come. Eager to see if the boot is truly waterproof or not.
B000BFIHVS Simple hiking boot It's not a modern, light hiking boot, but it is a good classic boot.  I wanted it to fit a little big to fit warm socks easily, but It's a little too big.  The leather also makes it water resistant, I can't say if it's completely waterproof, but it does go through snow, slush, and puddles without water getting in.
B000FX9A5S Great boots These are great boots, but they get dirty quickly if you don't put a protective coat on them.  Also the seam along the inside of the boot is already starting to seperate and I've only had them for 2-3 months.  There still waterproof but it did make me concerned and it may just be the way they're broken in.  This is my first pair of Timbs, so I couldn't be sure.They are very comfortable and my feet have almost never gotten cold while wearing them.
B000G21BSC Waterproof? NOT! Although I really like these boots they are far from waterproof. Even with repeated leather treatment using Timberland's own leather protector they still do not keep my socks from getting wet here and there.Other than the waterproof problem, I like them. They are light and comfortable and have great traction. They are a good all around hiking boot. However, I would recommend anyone looking for a real waterproof boot to go elsewhere. I would call them water resistant, for short ventures in the rain anyhow.
B000G21BSC Timberland Women's White Ledge Boot I put them on and the fit was perfect. I wore them on a short hike with no problems. Other reviewers said they needed a break in time, but mine felt very comfortable right out of the box. I have worn them on short hikes every day since I bought them; however I have not been in any water puddles, so don't know about the water resistance. I hike in the desert and they are great for that.
B000G21BSC Great Quality and Waterproof! I've had these boots for 6 years and the sole of the shoe has just recently started to separate from the rest of the boat. The soles are worn but could still last another season or two. I wore them constantly outdoors in all types of terrain as my job requires me to do daily field work. I've worn them so that they were submerged to within an inch of the top and no water leaked in. I've also accidentally submerged them so that water came over the top and even though my feet got wet (of course!) they dried out fine and did not smell. They are not for long periods in cold weather although thick socks could help with that. However, I work in the summer heat in them and my feet do not get too overheated (and if they do, they don't stay too damp in the shoe...the moisture seems to wick away a bit). They were a bit stiff at first but did not take long to break in and are now very fitted and comfortable on my feet. They also give great ankle support. It is amazing that they have lasted 6 years considering I have never taken proper care of the leather. It has started to split and crease in normal areas and is in good condition despite never being oiled. I have narrow feet and even though there is a little space around my feet they do not slide around and feel very comfortable. They are not a super lightweight boot but I haven't found that it causes any problems with my legs and feet being tired. I really love these boots and am planning on replacing my old with new ones!
B000G21BSC Fits great I'm always hesitant to buy shoes online because I have wide feet and need to try them on. I have an old pair of Tims and thought I'd take a chance. They fit true to size and have room for heavy socks. My feet stayed warm but the coldest I've worn  them in is about 27 degrees. They were a little stiff at first but are breaking in nicely. I haven't had a chance to check to see if they're waterproof yet. It seems others are having trouble with that.
B000G21BSC Sturdy comfortable boots Wore these for a weekend hiking in the Blue Ridge where it was wet and muddy.  Great fit and waterproof.
B000G21BSC They're ok. I really like the boots...but they are NOT waterproof.  I think the reason they're not waterproof is because the tongue of the shoe isn't large enough to go under the laces. There is a gap where the laces and tongue of the shoe don't meet.
B000G21BSC These boots are made for walkin... I am writing this review because I always have found the reviews of others to be extremely helpful in my purchases and I hope someone finds this helpful, too.  I have been wearing these boots a few weeks now. I have always worn Columbia brand in the past and was reluctant to change, but when I saw these Timberlands, I had to re-think.  I am really glad I did!  First, I am a fan of the metal eye/hook lacers as opposed to regular grommets.  In my opinion the metal eye/hooks make for a better fit and my laces seem to last longer.  Secondly, these boots are truly waterproof - I slipped into a shallow creek on a recent hike - both feet.  About 3 hours later, I slipped off my hikers and found my socks and feet to be totally dry - I was impressed! I ordered these hikers in a size 8 (my usual size).  When they first arrived, I was concerned because they seemed too big and rather stiff, but after 2 or 3 short hikes they broke in nicely!  Since the weather has turned warm, I wear lighter socks with these boots and Dr.Scholls gel insoles...its like walking on air!
B000G21BSC I love these boots I liked these boots because are so confortable and really waterproof, I also like that they are not as heavy as other.
B000G21BSC Comfortable boots in a rare wide size. I have been wearing these hiking boots almost daily for eight months, using them as my regular shoes because of the great ankle support. For years I had been wearing Hi-Tech light-weight, mid-ankle hiking boots but I was no longer able to find a pair in 7-wide. So I reluctantly settled on these heavier Timberland boots --  but I have been pleasantly surprised how comfortable they are. Through the colder months (mostly 40 degrees) I wore them with two pairs of socks (one mid-weight over a pair of light-weight), not so much for warmth, but for a better fit. And now in the warmer weather (80s, 90s) I use one pair of mid-weight socks and my feet are quite comfortable. These boots have had a serious waterproof test when I had to cross through three inches of a torrent of rushing water, in a heavy downpour in a parking lot roadway that was set at a steep incline (approximately 20 degrees or so). I was amazed that my feet stayed perfectly dry. These boots are very well made and I think they will last for years. But since I am feeling anxious about not being able to find a wide size in the future, I will soon purchase another pair. BTW, I added a thin, foam innersole to soften a somewhat hard innersole surface.
B000G21BSC Take a hike!! I've always liked timberland boots an these do not disappoint! Easy to lace up and on long hikes STAY laced up.  Warm and waterproof they are perfect for those long hikes or hours standing around in the cold tailgating.  Great buy!
B000G21BSC Great boots! Used a pair on a recent weeks-long trek in the Himalayas.  Very good boots.  No cracks at all in the bottom despite lots of "unforgiving" and rough stones of different sizes I've walked on.  Tough and durable.  I guess one doesn't need 100 USD boots after all.  Lol.  Bought mine a half size larger and was a good decision.  Felt like it fit already even without socks so once you add on wearing thick socks with (merino wool in my case), it's just right. And yes it's waterproof.  Stepped through little streams and as long as water didn't get in from the top opening, feet stayed dry.  Only during extreme situations like when the soil/ground is very thickly muddy with torrential monsoon rains did my feet start to feel some sort of 'sogginess' inside.  But not necessarily wet.  Overall, a great buy! Thanks Timberland! =)
B000G21BSC Not the least bit waterproof. I've had three pairs of these and, even when brand new, not one has been waterproof enough to walk on a dewy lawn, much less withstand an actual puddle.  I continue to buy them at half price specials via another website only because they're so very comfortable and because Propet's truly waterproof leather boot was discontinued (see my last paragraph).I use them on my daily three mile walk around the perimeter of our hayfield which I keep mowed like a lawn.  My trek is in the morning when the short grass is still quite dewy.  Within 20 minutes, my socks are damp at the toes and balls of the foot, and by the time I'm done, they're downright wet.  If I remember to spray each boot with silicone every other day, I can minimize the seepage, but eventually, once the leather has creased and cracked at the ball of the foot, only packing it with mink oil will help.I figured my first pair might've been a fluke, but that was a couple years ago and nothing has improved.  Also, unbelievably, Timberland's "waterproof" Chocorua, which boasts a Gore-Tex membrane, is no more waterproof than the White Ledge.For a truly waterproof leather boot, I loved Propet's Cliff Walker, but it was discontinued in the ladies' version.  However, when I called the company a few months ago, I was told they were reintroducing it this Fall due to customer demand.  I can't wait to stock up on the Cliff Walker and relegate my somewhat more comfortable White Ledge to dry weather only.
B000G23DQK nice These are exactly as expected.  Fit well.  Good quality.  Pretty waterproof, but I never find these kinds of boots 100% waterproof.  Love the color, get lots of compliments.
B000G23DQK Good boots. Real waterproof boots! Heavy a little, but it's OK for me. When the sole is wet it's very slippery, be careful.
B000G23DQK Classic and in high quality! They are classic ones of Timberland waterproof boots and fit my feet as expected. Really in high quality and protect my ankles well.
B000G23DQK great buy bought as a work boot. very comfortable all day, waterproof, good grip in the snowyou could probably get something similar for half the price from a store like payless, but there's no guarantee on comfort or quality.
B000G23DQK Incredibly Comfortable but Run Large After the 37th snowstorm this year, my old boots were no longer cutting it in the Boston slime in every street.  I had been interested in getting the traditional LL Bean boot, but it had been out of stock all winter.  So when I saw these on sale, I decided to give it a shot.These boots are very comfortable and surprisingly warm.  They don't appear to have a lot of insulation but somehow maintain the warmth inside better than other boots with gore-tex and heavy padding.  The material on the outside is very slick looking, and the roughed up texture is pleasant to look at.  They are adequately waterproof, being able to stand up to a hike through the snow, but I don't advise spending too long hanging out in water. Unlike some other boots, the tongue is not attached the entire way up the boot, so liquid can leak in after about 4 inches.Keep in mind though, they run VERY large.  Order a full size below your normal shoe, and even then, thick socks may come in handy.  But with that one quibble, a hearty recommendation!
B000G23DQK boots the quality is perfect! Easy to wash, easy to take care of. waterproof. real boots for outdoor, especially here in cold Russia
B000G23DQK Great boots So Im pretty much a loyal Timberland guy.  It wasnt on purpose it took many years of trial and error.  It comes down to the fact that Timberland boots fit my feet perfectly.  Whether its my beloved 6 inch earthkeepers which i have had resoled 3 times and walked countless miles in or these premium classics.  I bought the black version specifically for work.  I worked a year in these boots helping out my friend doing electrical work after super storm sandy.  These boots were put through 14 hr days rain muck everything you can think of.  Most importantly they kept me on my feet with no comfort issues.  Comfort is number one for me, it took a backpacking trip around europe to really appreciate a proper pair of boots.  Second is durability, they are completely intact after all of that.  The fact that they are waterproof is icing on the cake.  Looking at my old friends now they are broken in but perfectly intact.  Im skeptical about any boot without a goodyear welt but there is absolutely no sign of sole separation on these.  Like I said they were put through the ultimate test for a year.  I love Timberland and I hope they stay true to what their name stands for quality, durability, comfort.  They are now designated as my weather boots but I could easily walk until my legs give out before i have an issue with my feet.  Keep up the good work Timberland.
B000G23DQK GOOD BOOTS COMFORTABLE, WATERPROOF. BUT SOLE IS NOT AS STRONG AS EXPECTED.I LIKE IT VERY MUCH. HOPE IT CAN WORK FOR YEARS.
B000G23DQK Great Boots, Order a size down I took a leap of faith in ordering a 12 when I wear a 13 in sneakers, I was kinda worried that they wouldnt fit though they came and I have plenty of room.*UPDATE* These boots are extremely waterproof,instead of dodging puddles I cut right through them. Water could be up to your ankles and these boots keep your feet dry. Only con about the boots are they crease up badly at the toe...
B000G23DQK Timberlands 6 inch Good boots. Fits perfect comfortable now i just need water resistant spray for my boots. Timberlands are thse stale classic boot in philadelphia
B000G23DQK Not just for the g's As someone who does not follow the latest trend etc, etc&#8230;. I was looking for a waterproof boot that looked cool, fit well and had the flexibility that winter boots do not offer. As it happens I ended up with Timberlands in wheat which I know it IN right now but I can't say I have ever tried on a better boot. I had a pair of sorels and ended up selling them, if the weather gets mild or your inside your feet boil. With Tims you can wear them even when its a little warmer out on a rainy day and still be comfortable in them and have your feet not sweating buckets.
B000G23DQK Not perfect, but great! So I bought these boots for everyday use ie. work, school, hiking, shoveling etc.  So far, Great!  A couple things I did not like however is the laces are a little short.  I cannot get them all the way up to the top holes.  No big deal though.  They are water proof but depending on what kind of sock you wear, they can get a little cold by the end of the day.  Another thing I noticed is that when the inside gets wet, it takes about 24 hours to dry unless you have a legitimate boot dryer.
B000G23DQK Darn good for the price point I bought the black 20570 style. I really like these boots. Bought them from factory outlet store. Really comfy, laces are beast rawhides, very water-proof, ( I spray em and brush em after working outside). The shoe leather itself seems to scuff a bit easy, but I really like these boots and would possibly even buy this exact pair again after these have worn through.
B000G23DQK GOOD These are some serious boots. Waterproof, sturdy leather, great traction, etc. The tongue is stitched to the rest of the boot so water can't seep in. The padded ankle is definitely a nice touch. I'm very pleased with the quality overall and would definitely buy another pair when these eventually wear out.
B000KVA7YI Work boots Best workbooks money can buy warm. Safe and water proof without pre treating And they are very comfortable Had my last pair for 4 yrs stayed waterproof fo three of them
B000KVA7YI good boots my son ordered steel toe boots size 12M and they fit and work well. he does outside work such as landscaping, etc., and likes the high boot as it gives better support to his ankle, and does not seem too hot. was working in water one day and boots seemed waterproof. seem to be durable construction.
B000KVA7YI well built! great boot very comfortable and durable.I would recomend to anybody working in outdoor environments where weather conditions are rigerous and wet.
B000MX4UGU Timberland Mens Premium Waterproof Chukka To date if I had to have 1 boot only it would be these in Brown, Black and Newbuck. Oh wait I do LOL. They have a fiberglass shank so they are VERY Light. They are great for farm, hiking and work. Very long lasting and waterproof design. They are very comfortable and are a great value if you can get them for your price. I've had a pair for the farm for 5 seasons and they are going strong. They do run true to size if anything they are 1/2 size over. I'm a 12 and have both 11.5 and 12's. I prefer the 11.5 though not much of a difference. The Nubuck are great but get dirty rally fast so I only use the nubuck for farm work. The Brown and Black are nice for keeping polished.Try to find laces at your local dollar store. My laces went on the 3rd year. I wish they came in a steel toe. These are the Original timberland old school no nonsense no fluff and very light. One thing they are not anti slip. I would say they are a great casual going out boot for every day, for hiking, or outdoor work. For slippery places try the Carolina brand they are USA Made. These Timberlan unfortunately are made in Taiwan. I'm paying a bit more now for boots buying only USA made like Carolina, Bates and Danner. These are probably the 3 best top of the line boots out there. There are a few other great ones but these are the 3 brands I'm using now. Timberland is a top of the line Commerical boot. Again, Buy USA, and our Japanese Friends as well as Mexico and Canada folks also Germany. I love these boots but after stocking up I'm only buying USA now. Farwell my fine foot friend. Timberland come back home to the USA!!!!!
B000QW02F0 Good Boots I bought a pair of these boots about a year ago and here I am buying another pair to replace them. I work in a mine and getting a year out of a pair of boots that I wear almost all day every day is good. They are comfortable and mostly waterproof, like all boots that claim to be waterproof when the tongue area gets hit with water they all seem to leak reguardless of the brand and cost of the boot.
B000QW02F0 They are ok. Not as waterproof as I would have liked.  I chose to buy an "expensive" pair of work boots that would resist lime and water.  These do that fine, in part.  From the get-go, I was surprised to find that if water hit the top of my boot at the leather/tongue/upper interface just below the lower-most eyelet my feet would get instantly wet.  I've kept them for just under a year and the bottom sole is beginning to crack.  The upper is also creased and cracking badly.  These are essentially worthless for keeping my feet dry now.  I'm in the process of deciding what boot to replace these with, as I don't intend to buy these again.  However, I am keeping my old pair as a backup; the heel looks like it did when it was brand new!  I just will hate ever using them during washdown and housekeeping responsibilities.
B000QW02F0 Very comfortable When i first got these they hurt both of my ankles.  But i wore them for a couple days and toughed it out and the pain went away and now they are fine, i guess you just have to break them in.  My feet are never sore and provide great protection.  I've used the steel toes to set heavy objects on, kick heavy rocks and a multitude of things and they hold up fine. The only con is that my right boot doesn't seem to be waterproof, my toes will get wet just walking through grass with dew or a few drops of water fall on the toe.  Its not a big deal for me because i'm not around water that often.
B000QW02F0 Good outdoor work boot Second pair of these boots i've purchased. They last about one full season (10 months) before they start to wearout. I wear them everyday and am completely satisfied with the fit and comfort. Steal toe, electric hazard cert. Get hot in the summer, waterproof leather doesn't breath very well I guess. If you want a water proof boot these are a very nice pair.
B000UCCQEQ BOOTS So far for  the short time I have had them they are a good boot. Would not want them for hot climate hiking, becuase they are a heavy.
B000UCCQEQ My current favorite light hiking boot . . . Timberland Conway Mountain Trail MidFor everyday walking and light hiking, I normally wear Brooks trail runners.  Since it's winter time, I needed something with more rain / snow / mud resistance.  Since I was suffering from a lingering ankle strain, I wanted an ankle high boot that was lightweight and made of mostly leather (easier to clean up).  I had a specific Timberland boot that interested me, but my local store did not carry it.  Instead, it had the Timberland Conway Mountain Trail Mid on sale.  I think this model is at the end of its production cycle since I had seen it for sale at a deep discount at other stores.The Timberland Conway looks like a heavy duty hiking boot, but upon closer inspection, it's a lightweight boot.  Out of the shoebox, it was very comfortable to wear.  On wet sidewalk / road, it hug the surface without any slippage.  It gives a snug and secure feeling to my ankle.The one thing that I really like about the Timberland Conway is the quick lace system (top two lace eyelets are hooks).  This boot is now my preferred footwear when traveling by air since it's so easy to take off and put back on when going through airport security.If you buy a Timberland boot, it's my recommendation that you try on your size and one size smaller.  The Timberland website and shoe store clerks will tell you that the Timberland boots are "true to size fit."  I disagree.  I've always found most Timberland footwear to run one size too big.  If you wear a size 11, you should also try one at size 10.5.  When I went down a size, I found it a perfect fit.Overall, I have no complaints about the Timberland Conway and I would buy it again without hesitation.P.S.  I wear these boots daily during the winter months.  This is my second winter.  The only thing that has failed are the laces.  I live in a wet environment.  The laces that came with the boots aren't very beefy or waterproof so they snapped.  Most "brick and mortar" (e.g., Big 5 and Sports Authority) stores don't carry heavy duty boot laces. I had to go to an REI store to find waterproof boot laces.  My recommendation is to replace the laces now before they break and they will break.
B000VIAOJ8 Great boots...so far These boots seem to be well made.  I bought two for my two boys and they love them.  The laces are easy for them to lace and tie (they are in 1st and 2nd grades).  They like the tread on the bottom of the shoe that looks like a stream with rocks in it.  They are hard on shoes and these seem to be standing up to the abuse they give them.  We've only had them a few weeks but they like how comfortable they are and that they keep out the wet when they run through a puddle.  Walmart shoes would be half-way through their lifespan for my kids at this point.  I did put another coat of waterproof sealant on them a few days ago.  It seems like the waterproofing that was on them would have been fine but I used shoe cleaner on them to get some dirt off and wanted to make sure they had a good coat.  So far, so good.
B000VIAOJ8 Not waterproof! My grandson was so excited when he received these boots just before we went on a trip to the mountains. He says that they are very comfortable and grip the rocks. I also like the light weight of the shoe. Only problem, when he walked across the rocks of the river and stepped in the water his shoes were soaked through. He was with my brother in-law so I don't know how deep the water was but the whole shoe was saturated. The up side was that the insert of the shoe slips right out and I was able to open them up to dry in the sun for a couple of days and they are still wearable. Im giving 4 stars since both my grandson and my brother in-law acted guilty and would not tell exactly what happened.
B000VIAOJ8 Not waterproof! These are advertised as waterproof, but my daughter stepped in a very small stream - not enough water to cover the toe of the boot and her feet got wet.
B000VIAOJ8 Shoes rock for a 7 yr old in Lake Tahoe SO far these hiking boots for kids are living up to their name. My son lives the outdoors and is not gentle at all with his gear and these Timberland Pawtuckaways are awesome. Waterproof, mudproof, and tuff enough so far to say 7 yr old boy proof.
B000VIAOJ8 Not waterproof at the top My son loves these boots! However, I bought them for us to go hiking through creeks and streams and they aren't waterproof past the first set of laces. This is due to the lack of an internal liner.
B000VIAOMU Totally Satisfied, The leather is so soft, and they are already treated with water proofing. Love these boots and would definitely recommend.
B000VIAOMU Not Truly Waterproof If you are buying these because they are listed as waterproof, beware!!!! These are not truly waterproof. The tongue is not attached on its sides, so water will leak in through the tougue. Most waterproof boots have the tongue sides sewn to the boot Gortex material to prevent leakage, but not these.
B000VIAOMU Good hiker. NOT WATERPROOF My 2yr old loves this boot, so it must be comfortable. It's well crafted and great for hikes. But it is NOT waterproof.  Every puddle he steps in soaks his toes and socks.
B000VIAOMU NOT waterproof. Don't waste your money. I was so excited to get these. Too cute. And waterproof? How wonderful! Except that they are NOT waterproof. These are waterproof only up to where the laces start at the very bottom - just like every other shoe in the world. Truly, only the bottom 1/2 inch of these are waterproof. The first time my son wore these splashing in a puddle, he got his boots wet only up about an inch, inch and a half from the bottom. I thought we were safe. When we finally got inside, his tiny feet were soaked and frozen. I felt terrible. Please don't waste your money if you think you are buying a waterproof boot. You'd be better off buying snow boots or rain boots. Timberland should be ashamed.
B000VIDXE6 Excellent hikers! I wore these boots to climb Mt. Fuji; they were great with the cold, rainy, and windy conditions. My feet stayed dry and warm throughout the climb. I am a woman with small feet; thus, I am fortunate to be able to buy boys size shoes when needed. I could not find waterproof women's boots. These boots were comfortable climbing up and gave good support going down the mountain. Also, they did not take long to break in before the climb. I would recommend these boots for anyone climbing a mountain or traveling in cold, wet conditions needing boots.
B000VQ9QKS Great boots for intense hiking! Bought these boots, hiked the 25 mile escarpment trail in the Catskills and could not have done it without them! Great ankle support, decently waterproof, warm, light, everything you'd want.  Got some blisters, but was probably due to the sheer distance or not breaking them in first.  Would definitely recommend them to any serious hikers/backpackers.
B000VQ9QKS Great boots! This is my second pair of this Timberland boot - I wanted a back up pair for a summer of hiking.  They required very little to break them in - one day of walking around the house plus a 3-mile hike and I was good to go.  The Gore-tex is a must for wet conditions.  A little mink oil and the leather stays supple.  My husband has two pairs in the men's version of this boot.  They really work for us!  BTW, they were shipped promptly and in great condition.
B000VQ9QKS Out of the box ... Onto the trail Got these boots just before our UK trip. Had another pair that I really liked the looks of so wore one of those and one of these boots around the house. After 10 minutes that other one started rubbing my ankle so stayed with these. Really glad I did! They went into my suitcase and came out in the UK, ready to walk. And boy, did we walk! They did great in rain, hiking up a mountain, long walks around London, and even sitting in a pub :) They had great traction, even on wet grass. Also really appreciate the support in the boot. Recommend them highly!
B000VQ9QKS Great moderately priced hiking boot I bought these because after 10 years of us my last Timerblands finally wore out (the sole peeled away from the boot).  I dreaded buying new boots - they're expensive.  I wanted to be sure they were waterproof, that they would fit right and that they wouldn't slip on the trails.  Based on other recommendations I chose these.  I wore them right out of the box on a 3 day hiking trip to the White Mountains in NH.  We did three days of 6-10 mile hikes and I never got a blister.  The boots were comfortable and even after stepping in both water and mud up to my calves my feet stayed dry.  The traction was great as well - even on the wet leaves and wet rocks on the trail.  I should mention I wear a size 6.5 shoe with average width and these fix perfectly.  I strongly recommend these boots to moderate hikers.
B000VQ9QKS Solid comfortable hiking boot The sizing was on target as the boots fit perfectly with no need to break them in. I bought them for use on a challenging long mountain hike and had no chance to wear them beforehand. They are very comfortable, waterproof, and offer solid ankle support. They are an excellent investment.
B000VQ9QKS I love them and want to marry them My (ex) boyfriend was into hiking and backpacking. I have always liked the idea of it, so I enthusiastically agreed to some expeditions. However, my shoe collection left much to be desired in hiking practicality. I have very specific taste, though, and don't want to look like a dork.This is how I ended up with the Chocorua Trail Boot. I absolutely adore Timberland, as they are my favorite boot brand. They have some great styles that are incredibly durable. I wanted a boot of high quality, and I wanted it to be predominately leather. None of that mesh business.I've worn these on a few shorts hikes and on one long hike in the Mt. Hood National Forest. I backpacked in a dry 8 miles with a 35-pound load, stayed the night, and backpacked in a downpour out the next day. I had no problems! No wet feet, no blisters, no sore ankles. They were a success, and I hardly broke them in before that.I heartily recommend these boots for a casual hiker/backpacker who enjoys the classic style of Timberland.
B000VQ9QKS Extra long-lasting boots! I bought this boots in 2005 and since then I've used it non-stop in hikings in all weathers (raing, mud, river-crossing, snow, ice) and it's been excellent and comfortable for all conditions. Well, ofcourse in river it gets wet:) Now I live in mountains and still have this beloved boots and use it very often. Even after 8 years of very "unfriendly" treating, it only changed the color and the leather became lighter because of often being wet and then  dried near the fire. Other then that it is totally whole, especially the sole has no problems after all. I'm planning to have it till it's possible and probably will update this review after some other 8 years:)
B000VQ9QKS So-so boot First, if you plan to wear these boots for significant distances, do not buy them online; they may not fit as you expect. My wife tried 3 different pairs in the same size in a store; the backs of the right shoes protruded differently in them. She ended up getting the only pair where the back felt fine.She wore them in town for a few miles, a mile or so at a time; this was fine. On the first backpacking trip (with a moderate pack), the right boot started to create a blister on the back of her foot in the first couple of miles. It ripped off standard Band-Aids within a mile; fortunately, a pair of Sport Band-Aids would hold up for a day (12 miles or so) at a time. The terrain was hilly, but not terrible. The blister part went better on four long-day hikes (15-25 miles), in fairly fairly terrain with rocky footing, but a couple of her toes went black after the last of them (losing the toenails several days later) because of the pressure from the boots.The boots are waterproof, at least to begin with, and are ok to wear in town, for brief periods of time. I have a similar pair of men's; see my review there. They are of course made in China, btw.
B000VQ9QKS Nice Hiking Boot I am a Boy Scout leader and needed hiking boots for camp to keep my feet dry.  Although I haven't worn them to camp yet, I have worn them.  They are very comfortable.  I will probably use an insole with an arch though, but I do this with all my shoes.  I went on an all day shopping trip and have not complaints about their comfort.  However, I typically do not wear boots and had on short socks.  I got a rather nasty irritation around both of my ankles that lasted quite some time.  Not really a fault of this boot..user error.  Just a heads up.  As far as how waterproof they are, I choose these because they are Gore Tex.  Typically you can trust the waterproofness of Gore Tex.  I had a really bad water leak.  The pipe burst due to freezing and it was like a geyser.  Water was coming down on me and I was standing in a large puddle.  My feet were still dry.
B000VQ9QKS Great boot Have had these for a couple months now.  They are perfectly rounded at the toe and ball of the foot so nothing gets squished, and overall quite comfortable.  Great in rainy weather, muddy areas, etc.  Waterproof on the foot, though I haven't gotten them wet near the laces so I don't know how that works.Could use more padding around the top of the boot where it hits the ankle/lower leg.  I ended up wrapping an extra sock around my ankle before putting it in the boot for extra padding (this works fine, but pull your normal sock over the extra sock or it falls out).Probably going to buy a second pair.Just one thing to note: if one pair doesn't work, it might be worth trying another one.  I held up a couple next to each other in the store and all were just slightly different around the sole/heel.  Maybe it's handmade?
B000VQ9QKS Comfortable but NOT waterproof. I've had one pair of the Chocorua and three pairs of the White Ledge, and not one boot has been able to withstand a dewy lawn, much less an actual puddle.I've often wondered if somehow the pair I got missed getting its Gore-Tex membrane because the White Ledge, which only boasts a waterproof leather upper (no membrane) is actually a bit more water resistant.In any event, this boot is extremely comfortable and great for dry weather hiking, but for my daily three mile walk around the perimeter of our hayfield which I keep mowed like a lawn, it can't even make it a mile before my socks are wet from the dew.UPDATE, MARCH 2012: To be fair, I must report that my second pair of the Chocorua boot is performing beautifully, keeping my feet dry in muddy puddles as well as the aforementioned dewy lawn.  My first pair, which was the total failure, was brown, but this pair is the gray version, for whatever difference that may make.  And, by the way, the low boot with no laces that Amazon is now picturing as the Chocorua Trail is the wrong boot.
B000VQBPOS Excellent as always! My favorite boots of all time. I've been buying the same one for over 7 years. It lasts long, sturdy, waterproof, and easy to clean. I like heavier boots or shoes. Because it's leather and waterproof, I can easily clean off any dirt or mud that gets on it. I also have wide feet so it's always a plus when they offer wide selections :)
B000VQDHW6 Good to Go GREAT pair of boots...Not heavy to walk around in all day.  I walk to and from work in them and they're very comfortable, true to size and I've gotten lots of complements from the guys and gals.I was attracted to these boots because there are no front seams...I hate front seams because as a boot ages, that's the first place water gets in.  Worth every penny.
B000VWJHVU Timberland Torrance waterproof leather ankle boot for men i bought Original shoes  of Timberland Torrance waterproof leather ankle boot for men (black, 9.5)and i am very surprised at the shoes I bought after a short time  thay are  ripped  Also the tag product fell .
B000VX03GC Well built shoe I wear this outside and put it through some trying conditions and it still holds up well. Being water-proof is a big plus.
B000VX03GC Nice Boot Very light weight and seem to be well made.  It took a day or two of wear to break them in, but they are fairly comfortable.  I have worn the boots for work outside for the last couple of weeks and they have kept my feet dry in some very wet conditions.  They have good traction in a variety of terrains.  I have owned several pair of Timberland boots in the past and they have held up pretty well with daily wear in some pretty rough conditions.  Time will tell as to the long term performance and quality, but so far, I am very happy with the purchase.
B000VX03GC Pretty good, but maybe look for a slightly wider size Firstly, these seem to fit slightly narrower across the foot but pretty generously roomy lengthwise.  I've worn them twice so far on day long hikes and the performance has been pretty decent except for a couple of things that I will get into in a second.  Don't let these put you off however as your mileage may very. This is a GREAT hiking shoe. I have other footwear with goretex liners and I imagine these would do a great job keeping my feet dry in the rain or crossing streams.  The construction is solid, the sole is grippy in mud but doesn't get clogged and cleans up nicely.  Keep in mind that the leather also usually takes a little bit to break in - I found them significantly more comfortable on my second day-long hike.  Having said that these are my first impressions (and I will try to update this review over time):1) The fit is kind of narrow across the foot - may pay to get the wider option, I found my right pinky toe to get a little scrunched up and blistered - but not too bad.  On the second outing it felt a lot better so they may loosen up after the leather is broken in (to be expected with leather footwear I suppose).2) The insoles are tiny and don't seem to absorb much shock, after a pretty strenuous day long hike over rocky terrain it seems I got a bit of a bone bruise on my heel. I will try playing around with extra thick sock or 2 sock combinations and might look at getting some gel insoles. I'm a pretty big guy and I like to clamber around a bit, so it may also be a walking style thing - but something to keep in mind.Bottom line these shoes are rock solid and are excellent value for money.  In New Zealand they retail at $NZD 299 ($USD 232!).  We get pretty ripped off here downunder, so to pick them up on Amazon at this price, even with the international delivery fee, is great! I will confidently say that I wouldn't mind paying full price for these shoes.Depending how they hold up and how the stitching goes I will probably look at getting another pair, however maybe in an 11 E this time.
B000VX03GC Overall a solid pair of boots for motorcycle riding I'm on my 2nd year of riding with these boots. I chose them because they are light, offer ankle support, have better protection over sneakers and are comfortable to walk in. Hey! They're hiking boots right? lolMy one issue was, when riding in a raining downpour I did get my feet soaked once. So they're not as waterproof as they claim. For the few times i'm caught in heavy rain, I now have boot rain covers.For everyday riding these boots do their jobs well. 4 stars because they aren't totally waterproof.
B000VX03GC Lawn Care Boots I've been buying Columbia hiking boots for my work doing lawn care, I used to buy Timberland but went to Columbia to save @ $20.  I forgot how much better these are built.  I gave 4 stars cause I don't know how long they'll last.  These aren't steel toe but I don't run any mowers.  Just been a week but my feet were not hurting by the end of the 5th day(from boot wear in period, normal) so I'm happy.  These have Gore-Tex but hasn't really got cold here yet so I'm not sure how well they insulate yet.
B000VX03GC Timberland Men's 15130 Chocurua Trail GTX Boot,Brown The shoes are light weight and very comfortable. They are water proof and I like that because I am out in the weather, water and snow conditions and my feet still  stay dry. Good product.
B000VX03GC Work boots. I work in a job where my feet get wet on a daily basis. So these boots were worth the investment. I purchased them back in December and they have held up very well so far. Rarely they get fully soaked and some water will seep through and ill have a damp sock but that only happens on occasions where I have to submerge my feet almost fully. They are extremely comfortable once you get past the break in and they don't run big or small. Just give it a week or two to break in and you are good to go! Definitely worth the investment.
B000VX03GC Comfortable and waterproof This is my third pair of Timberland waterproof boots.  I try to spend the least amount as possible, so these boots are a great value that actually work.  They are light on my feet and comfortable.  I have wide feet and have a hard time finding comfortable boots.  These are WIDE as advertised.  I wear them for hours several times a week when I play disc golf.  I play all year round.  The grass is often wet and I play in the rain and mud.  Usually, they remain waterproof for about 11 months before they start leaking.  One pair a year is not a bad deal.
B000VX03GC Not A Happy Hiker I'm not happy with these boots.  The left boot seems fine; fits well and seems to be water tight.  The right boot is the complete opposite; causes blistering and seems to leak.  The boots are supposed to be water proof.  I hadn't tested them until this past weekend (March 2014); I purchased them in August 2013.  I guess I never dreamed leaking would be a problem since I had a pair of Timberlands that I've been wearing for the past 20+ years and they never leaked.  I've only worn these 3 times since August and never in the water or in mud until this past weekend.  I just assumed they were water tight as advertised and since I had such good luck with my older Timberlands never considered they would leak.  I'm really disappointed in the boots and would not buy them again and will probably not buy Timberlands again as now it seems I'm stuck with these.  My return window passed with Amazon as I should have tested these for water tightness before waiting so long; shame on me for trusting Timberland. I'll shop for something else.
B000VX03GC Light & waterproof Purchased these timberland boots for my wife and she absolutely loves them. She claims they are very light, comfortable & waterproof
B000VX03GC Nice boot and good price This is my first pair of hiking boots, as I am just getting into hiking.  I did not want to spend 200 dollars if I was not going to continue, but I wanted a known brand.  After trying these on, and walking around for a bit (with hiking sock on - important!) I bought them.I like them because they are pretty flexible and also waterproof.  I feel rather indestructible with them on.  I ONLY wear them for hiking so I don't care if they get muddy etc - that's what they're for.  I did make a mistake one time of cinching up the lace on one of them too tight - I ended up with a bruise on the outside of my big toe - but that was my fault.  I'll have to be a little more careful in not lacing up too tight in the future.  If this is your first time buying hiking boots - get em.  You'll like them.
B000VX03GC comfortable and weather proof My 3rd pair of these.  Buying at Amazon saved me $20 over waiting for them to go on sale @ Bob's.  They last me about a year until sole wears out.  I wear these almost every day at work as a carpenter - and I also wear them when hiking.  Short hikes - but also day hikes ( Mt. Washington in NH ).  For the price these are waterproof and comfortable.  They don't last as long as other pricier brands - but they make up for it with their light weight and solid construction. Like wearing a sneaker. You can wear them out of the box and there will be no break-in period.  Keep the leather parts lubed so it doesn't dry and crack and happy hiking.
B000VX03GC TRAIL BOOTS I purchased these boots for backpacking. First,they were very comfortable and true to size right out of the box.Really didnt need broken in for their first hike. The Gortex waterproofing kept my feet dry through mud and water 2-4 ". I would not recommend these for heavy packs and rocky terrain They lack a thick shank. With a 35+ Llb. pack and several hours on rocks my feet and knees felt it at the end of the day,not a problem with my "other brand boots". I think they would have done ok without the pack weight.I have about 30 miles on these boots now,and they have no issues.I would call these a light trail boot or day hiker boot. Overall, I'm happy with them.
B000VX03GC I am on my third pair of these These are by far the best boots I have ever owned. I just bought my third pair. They are warm and rugged enough for New England winters, yard work and outdoor sporting games. The GoreTex lining keeps your feet dry. Once you break them in, they will fit you like socks. I use them for beekeeping, gardening, hiking, winter/ fall/ spring hiking, etc. My feet are always warm and dry.They are not steel toed, but Timberland makes other models that are. The toes are substantial even without steel, and even on my old pairs, I have dropped heavy things on my feet and the boots have protected my toes. The reason my last two pairs wore out (after years of frequent use): the treads wore down. I practically live in these boots for half of each year, so that isn't surprising. They are not waterproof, but the water would need to be over an inch deep to get inside your boot, and the GoreTex will wick it out. I wear these in the rain all the time and am comfortable.They are exceptionally sturdy, provide great ankle support, and are not too heavy to feel comfortable. Like any other technical hiking boots, I would not hike for 10+ miles in them until you break them in (blisters), but afterward, they are great for that, as well. All around, these are excellent boots.
B000VX03GC My Limited Experience Though I purchased these boots in early July/2012, I have only wore them two times. I found the boots to be comfortable to walk in, easy to get on & off, and decent looking. I only wish the shoe laces were a little longer because I double knot them when I tie them up and they are a little short. I have not tested them for being waterproof.
B000VX03GC EXCELLENT HIKING BOOTS The Timberland Men's 15130 Chocura Trail GTX Boot is the most comfortable hiking boot I have owned. I wore them for the first time last week hiking to Abrams Falls in the Great Smokey Mountain National Park, the trail was rocky and some parts muddy and I could hardly feel the rocks, the cushioning is perfect, and I did slip and got one boot completely under water and not a drop of water inside the boot, 100% waterproof. I did take other readers suggestions and ordered a 1/2 size larger than my day to day shoes and the fit was perfect. If you want a very comfortable, waterproof hiking book that provides great support then I highly recommend this hiking boot.
B000VX03GC Happy Feet This is the fifth pair of these boots I've purchased over the past ten years or so. They can't be beat for comfort, warmth, and durability. They are pretty much weather and water proof, as well as lightweight and flexible enough for hiking and climbing.And for the price, wow!
B000VX03GC 5 stars based on first hiking adventure I had no intentions of ever buying a hiking BOOT (mid or high). All the footwear that I have purchased for hiking have been standard hiking SHOES (low) from Merrell or Vasque, both of which have always been very comfortable. I had always assumed that a high top hiking boot would be too hot and too cumbersome. Besides, I have never had a need for any more ankle support than what my ligaments, tendons, and muscles provide. But unbeknownst to me, this mindset was about to change..In need of a pair of simple light-to-medium duty work boots for yard work, but not wanting to spend a bunch of money, I was unable to find anything under $100 that was comfortable. So I thought maybe I could just use some hiking boots for my need.While browsing a local sporting goods I saw these on sale. I had never owned a pair of Timberlands but had heard positive remarks about the brand from those who did. They seemed like they would serve my purpose, so I tried them on, and I was immediately impressed by their comfort. As comfortable as all the Merrells and Vasque shoes are to me, this boot surpassed them all, to my surprise. But what about in real life working conditions? How would they fare?After wearing them a bit, and being further impressed with their comfort and seemingly good quality, I decided to try them on the trail. So I took them on a 3 day adventure into the Canadian wilderness, thinking they would not be as good as my primary Vasque hiking shoe. I was wrong. These boots not only surpassed the comfort of my Vasque shoes (which are great) but they provided a wonderful water-proof experience which I had never thought I would need.After hiking approx. 15 miles through some fairly rugged terrain in Lake Superior Provincial Park, I was THOROUGHLY impressed with this boot, and it became my favorite hiking footwear to date. Not only did my feet stay dry after going through some wet areas of the trails, but they never got too hot. And I never had to break them in. Perfect fit and comfort right out of the box. No rubbing, no blisters, nothing.Additionally I discovered that although I may not need the additional ankle support of a boot, they most certainly protect those ankle bones when rubbing up against logs or boulders, allowing the hiker to navigate the more rugged terrain with greater ease.I wear a size 10-1/2 regular width and these boots fit perfectly to size.Assuming they last a few years of regular use, they will remain a 5-star boot. VERY impressed!
B000VX03GC Comfortable and light. Wore these for a day while shopping to break it in.  Used it later during the week to do a 6 mile hike in a pretty muddy area.  My feet only got wet from the bushes and tall grass flowing down my legs.  Other than that, my feet were dry while walking through the mud.  This pair of shoes was bought to replace an old pair of Columbias that were not waterproof.  It is so old that the soles were starting to separate from the shoe.  Plan on using these shoes later this week to do another hike.  The soles has good grip on damp soil where my old pair would be slipping around.  Very thankful that it came in wide sizes for my wide feet.  These shoes are better than I expected it to be.
B000VX03GC Timberland Boots These are the lightest boots I own. I read reviews before making purchases and I was skeptical about them being light weighted and waterproof before my camping and hiking trip.  At any rate, Ive bought tons from Amazon with little to no problems and products have been very accurate and even performed better than expected.The boot is lined with waterproof material, as I didn't have time to wipe them down with mink oil before the trip I did spray them with waterproofing the night before to achieve the same leather treatment as the oil.Upon hiking I never once noticed the boots being too heavy, as we hiked and jumped over small creeks I decided to walk through them to see its effectiveness on the waterproofing.  As we reached our peak of waterfalls my feet were still dry.  We made it back to camp and I wore the boots the rest of the day and the remainder of the trip for a full 5 days. Feet were not sore, no brusing or breaking in & Tons of hikes and use and they are still holding up a few weeks later. Was very pleased with this purchase. Would recommend to anyone that is going camping and or hiking.I haven't noticed anything about the laces becoming frayed upon lacing b/c of the tongue area and the bent metal eyelets however if anything changes in the future I will update my post. make sure you get a few good pairs of hiking socks to pair with your new boots.
B000VX03GC so far so good I'm very please with Trail GTX Trail boot. Just recently purchased these boots they fit very well and very comfortable, waterproof and durable....
B000VX03GC So far so good! It's been close to 15 years since I bought a new pair of hiking boots. My previous pair were lightly used (I converted to trail shoes), however, on a recent hike, my boots came apart and (thanks to duct tape) barely made it the rest of the way out. Trail shoes are great for warm weather day hikes where you know you won't be crossing streams or tramping through water. But, I needed a pair of hiking boots for the tougher terrain and cold/wet conditions.I spoke to a few friends who had purchased expensive boots ($150+), from North Face and Salomon, respectively. Upon getting their feedback, my friend with the North Face boots had one fall apart, and my friend with the Salomon loved them. I decided to look into Salomon, and loved the feel of the boot. I was concerned with the outer material, which wasn't waterproof. Although, the boots were waterproof, only the inner layer (the Gortex liner) is actually waterproof.Since I was planning on hiking in wet conditions through streams, creeks, and the like, I wasn't sold on the Salomon's, and decided to explore other options. After many hours of browsing, I came across the Men's Chocorua Trail Mid Waterproof Hiking Boot. I read most of the reviews on the Timberland website, and analyzed the features of the boot. One thing that is incorrect on the Amazon description (as noted by another reviewer) is the &#34;400 grams of Primaloft insulation for superior warmth and comfort&#34;. These boots do not have Primaloft (there is no mention of Primaloft on the Timberland website).These boots do have waterproof leather (on the outside of the boot), so if you are crossing waterways, the water rolls off keeping the boot light and dry. They doubled up and also built them with Gortex, which keeps the seams and breathable mesh areas waterproof. I like this concept, as my last boots simply had Gortex, and when they got wet, my feet would stay dry, but the outside of the shoes would stay wet making my feet cold and heavy. It also took a long time for the outside of the boots to completely dry out.I put the Chocorua's to the test on a recent 14 mile hike, with over 50 creek crossings. Most of the crossings were 3-6 inches of water. These boots performed well. There wasn't a drop of water that made it in through the boot outer layer or Gortex. However, it was a warm day (65-70 degrees), so my feet were sweating, and upon taking the boots off, I noticed my socks were damp. Breath-ability may be an issue (due to the leather), but they dried out quickly at night, and were ready to go the next day.As one reviewer put it, the toe-box of the shoe is large, which originally concerned me. My previous boots were tight around the toes, however, I've come to like the extra space, especially when going down hill. There's more room for my toes to move around, and hopefully this will help with airflow.I initially ordered a 10.5 Wide, however, they were to big, so I downsized to a 10 Wide. The fit was better-I'm happy they made this boot with a width options because I like my shoes/boots to be a little looser.  I usually wear a 10.5 Wide (in New Balance) or a 10.5 in regular shoes. My actual shoe size is probably closer to a 10, but since I like to have extra room (and my foot is wide) I size up if wide isn't an option.On my first trip wearing them, the first 4-5 miles felt good, the next few miles I felt blisters forming and experienced minor discomfort. I think this was due to the boots forming to my foot . On my second trip, I hiked a total of 5 miles, and didn't have any discomfort, so they may be worn in.Due to the boot being thick and rugged (with the leather exterior), I don't feel the ground as well, which makes steep climbs/descents a little slower. Also, the boots aren't very flexible, which makes traversing uneven terrain (rocks, boulders, etc...) challenging. I think this is the trade off for a boot with leather versus a composite mesh-like material.For the price (I paid $87), I am very happy with my purchase. I'll see how long these hold up!Each boot weighs in at 20.40 ounces, roughly 1.3 lbs.
B000VX03GC Comfy! Durable! Waterproof (somewhat) Shoes are good for short distance.  But during below 25 degree weather your toes start feeling it especially with the wrong socks.  These are good for hiking I bet but its rigid.  My toes started to get a hot spot on the pinkie toes.  I used this recently during a Green Beret training course for 10hrs and thank God I had my Injiji socks these shoes hurt for a bit.  It did survive the event especially during heavy carrying and walking through deep snow.  However, I noticed that my toes started to get wet when walking over puddles.  I thought snow got from the top and melted but it feels like the water is leaking through the toe box.  I am sending mine back and hope it was just a defect on these.  The laces get loose easily I wish they were made out of paracord material.  All in all I am happy especially purchasing them under $85.00.  Hopefully my new pairs do not leak.  Like I said great shoes but your toes will freeze if you are not moving during cold temperature hikes.
B000VX03GC Great boot, very comfortable, light weight, waterproof These fit perfect, very comfortable boot. I walked for hours at work and not foot pain. Very warm, waterproof boots
B000VX03GC So far, so good. I picked up a pair of these boots in July of this year with the intention of making them my main hiking/backpacking boots.  As of this writing,I have used them ONLY during hiking/backpacking, and I'd estimate that I have about 75 miles on them, many of those miles being quite rugged and tough on a boot.First, it's a good looking boot. It looks well crafted, no glue in the corners, no crooked pieces at the laces.  I almost hated to get them dirty.  As with any good boot, it requires a break in period.  I put in about 20 miles of break in time, short walks of a mile or less, then up to 2 etc...  By the 20th mile they felt very comfortable, and have ever since.The first serious test these boots got was a hike to Grizzly Lake in California's Trinity Alps Wilderness Area.  The hike is a very rugged one, and onto we added a climb to Thompson Peak which upped the wear and tear on the boots by an enormous amount.  The boots performed well throughout the entire trip though I did experience some of the toe box pain mentioned in the most popular "bad" review.  It was mild, and I think will be remedied with more wear.  I did not have need to test the water tightness of the boot fully, but when I did step into water, I never once felt any inside the shoe.  I have not had the opportunity to test the boot in snow.The soles held up admirably to the rocky and rugged hiking, as a new boot should.  At this point, I am very pleased with the purchase and would recommend this boot to anyone who enjoys backpacking.  I will update the review as I add mileage.
B000VX03GC Good quality truly water proof boots These boots with their gore tex lining are actually water proof. I have used them in the rain and muddy conditions of a backpacking trip at philmont scout base and these have stayed intact. I am sure their not meant for submerging like any hiking boot, but  these do keep the water out walking through rain or puddles. For the price the boots are excellent and very comfortable. I have not gotten any blisters on the 80 mile trek through mountainous conditions.The only problem I have seen is that the boot bulges with your foot on the side of your inside foot. I'm not sure if this is really a problem but most boots I have seen did not have a bulge when you put them on on the inner part of your foot.
B000VX03GC Great boots I bought these boots and hiked several miles the first time I wore them. I didn't get a single blister! The boots fit great straight out of the box. They appear to be quite waterproof, I hiked through some streams/mud and didn't get wet feet. I was concerned that they would be too insulated to wear in the summer, but they are just fine! Highly recommend!!
B000VX03GC good for hiking I have purched these previously and been well satisfied. I walk an average of 5 miles per day and these boots are very comfortable and durable. My only complaint is the sole will wear thin long before the tops wear out.
B000VX03GC Boots... but not that flexible... These boots are waterproof for sure.  The only issue I found with them is that the fold in the shoe when walking is right above my big toe and it presses down on my toe.  So each step is a little painful. Will have to try and resolve this issue with thicker socks or some other method.
B000VX03GC Go-to boot/shoe Can't beat waterproof and breathable! I've had waterproof footwear without GoreTex; however, my feet would get quite sweaty and uncomfortable. These are great. I get replacements of this exact model when the old ones wear out. The fit is snug but very comfortable, and I love the traction in the snow.
B000VX03GC GREAT BOOTS... THESE ARE THE BEST HIKING BOOTS, NO NEED TO BREAK THEM IN, COMFORTABLE ON LONG HIKES, KEEP MY FEET WARM BUT NOT HOT, NO BLISTERS. USED THEM FOR HIKING HIGH MOUNTAIN PEAKS, CROSSING RIVERS, AND HIKING THE GRAND CANYON. COMPARABLE TO BOOTS IN THE $200-$300 RANGE
B000VX03GC waterproof and very lightweight Surprisingly lightweight for a mostly leather boot. I've used them 3 times in extremely wet conditions: melting slush and standing water 2 to 4 inches deep. The inside of the boots stayed completely dry. I have only had these boots for a few days so I cannot testify as to their durability. Size runs true. Roomy toe box. Good ankle support.
B000VX03GC Ready to hike right out of the box. I have had my share of wearing in hiking boots. I took these out of the box and into my suitcase. Probably not a wise decision based on past experience, but my other boots were just wrecked having to walk in a flood in some pretty polluted water. I jumped on Amazon and ordered me some Timmy's. My son, an Eagle Scout with a few hiking miles under his belt recommended these. I took them to Sedona, the Grand Canyon, and Flagstaff. I put them through many good days on the trail and was extremely satisfied. The arches are just right and the support was amazing on the rocky trails. I wear them at work daily, and walk a 200,000 square foot manufacturing plant 10 hours a day on concrete floors. I am planning to order another pair to keep nice for church on Sunday. They do go with pinstripes right?
B000VX03GC Nice Boots, Great Value I tried these on at a sporting goods store before I bought them.  I wear a 9-1/2 and they felt a little tight.  I purchased a size 10 and they fit perfectly!  I've hiked in them but have not hit any wet terrain as of yet, kind of looking forward to doing that and not have wet socks for the rest of the hike.
B000VX03GC Couldn't be better for a waterproof good looking boot for guys! These boots were for my son for a Christmas present.  They were exactly what he wanted and he is wearing them happily at Lake Tahoe at the ski resort where he works.  He called me this morning telling me he has worn them every day.  Great buy!
B000VX03GC Good choice or Large/Wide Feet Got these the hit the trails in Philmont Scout Ranch. Needed large, 15+, size and wanted room for hiking sox, liners, etc. Plenty of room and they worked well. Sole plate could be a bit stiffer for scrambling over jagged broken granite trails (Desolation Wilderness, Tahoe) but these were comfy and lightwieght for what they are. Waterproofing worked well -- only time feet got wet was when we bushwacked through meadows and water wicked down our sox into the boots.Durability - saw several &#34;used&#34; pair at our trail stops. One guy's boots looked dead but I found out they were over 5 years old (?) and had been well worn on trips from Philmont to Kenya and everything in between. Others confirmed they lasted.
B000VX03GC These are the boots for me Sure, I've only had them a couple weeks, but I'd been tracking the price on Amazon for several months, so when it dropped below my pricepoint, I jumped. I'll never regret this decision, they're warm and waterproof and well built. The Gore-tex membrane is not glued or stitched to the exterior of the boot to avoid leaking or wicking, so if you're likely to be irritated by some loose fabric over your toes, find another boot (one that isn't really waterproof, or a full-grain leather boot that has some chemical applied). For me, these are going to get the job done in a very rainy world of bike riding and hiking.
B000VX03GC Good hiker for the money At a couple local retailers, I tried every hiking boot on the shelf. I started at the $39 boot and went all the way to the $200+ boot. Every boot costing less than the Timberland hurt my feet and ankles just walking the store. From past experiences in buying hiking boots, I expected this but I decided it worth my time to at least try the cheapo boots.I settled on the Timberland Chocura because it felt as good on as the higher priced boots.Now, time will tell how much this boot will take. I've worn them now on 3 different day hikes for a total of about 15 miles. The first 2 hikes were on smooth asphault and the 3rd hike was on a moderate rated trail. So far, I've not got the first blister or had any pains from the boots during the hikes.I'm impressed with how much little break-in was required. I decided to give 4 stars for now. If I'm still happy with the boots after a couple weekend backpacking trips then I may return to give the 5th star.
B000VX03GC If God Wore Boots, He'd Wear These I'm a geology student and an avid outdoor enthusiast and these are HANDS DOWN the best boots I've ever worn. I didn't even have to break them in! They were comfortable from the get-go. Lace up nice and tight so you don't have to worry about re-tying in the course of a day-long hike.Handle mud, water, snow, sand... Anything like an absolute pro! You can kick your way cross-country without working a bit about things getting into your boots and causing annoyance or pain. And for under $100? Come on!
B000VX03GC These boots are great. Would recommend for hiking or light outdoor work. I work outdoors mixing and spraying herbicides and pesticides so I needed a lightweight work boot that was waterproof. These boots were awesome when I first used them. My boots get constantly soaked when I wash equipment and in freezing cold weather it sucks to have soaked boots; the boots saved my feet from getting wet and exposed to chemicals i sprayed. I have tried many boots searching for the perfect one for my work environment and I think these are the one and only I will use. I would definitely buy a second pair as a backup. These boots are so lightweight sometimes I don't realize I have them on. One downside about them is that the toes get scuffed pretty easy. If you use them in an area where your boots will scrape against things it might wear them pretty quickly.Pros:-Very lightweight-Gore tex waterproof-BreathableCons:-Scratches and scuffs easy.
B000VX03GC Excellent boot As noted in many reviews, these boots were immediately comfortable. Before wearing, I sunk them in three inches of water for ten minutes. The insides remained completely dry. I broke them in on a three hour hike over mixed terrain that included a lot of mud and shallow water. They performed perfectly. The boots are lightweight but with a stiff enough bottom that rocks and roots cause no discomfort. They are comfortably padded and did not slip or chafe. A remarkable performance for brand-new shoes under difficult conditions. If they prove to be durable, the Timberland Chocurua boots will be a value shoe that I shall gladly buy again.
B000VX03GC Great boot Initially, I bought the boot for warm weather motorcycling.  It fits so well and is so comfortable that I wear it for almost all casual occasions.  In cold weather, I just wear a warmer pair of socks and am good to go for hours in these boots.  It is my footwear of choice for outdoor work and still cleans up as good as new after two years.  Surprising, yes, because they see a lot of mud due to being waterproof.My beloved 24 year old Timberland Iditarod II's can finally go into semi-retirement because of these nice boots
B000VX03WQ I agree with other reviews about the needless design change... The change in the tongue design is disappointing but overall I still like these boots. While it seems Timberland decided to change the tongue design to make these boots more like a sneaker I can live with the slightly reduced functionality. I use these boots primarily for walking outdoors and have appreciated the extra water resistance offered by the old tongue design in my last two pairs of these same boots but I rarely need to walk through deep standing water. It sure was nice to have the added protection when I did though!
B000VX03WQ Good boot ruined with new design - Not the old Euro Hiker Timberland boots fit my feet.  I've had 3-4 different models in the past.  I have had a pair of the original Euro Hikers for 7-8 years now and I love them.  They are comfortable, they have a gusseted tongue to keep the dirt and water out, and they have held up well through a lot of miles.  However, I've worn them so much the inside liner is starting to deteriorate and the lugs on the soles are worn down.  I liked them so much I ordered a replacement pair.  The Euro Hiker boot has been redesigned and the new model does not compare to the original boot.  The tongue on the new design is not gusseted which can allow water, sand and rocks to creep into the shoe.  The tongue of the new design is overstuffed to the point it's really puffy/bulky and get's in the way.  The new design has a thick construction seam on the inside part of the boot, below the ankle which rubs against my ankle making them a bit painful to wear unless they are tied loose, which of course makes them useless for actual hiking and terrain use.  I've tried to wear them for a couple of months now but keep going back to my old boots.  Maybe I'll eventually get past the seam thing but still, I think the new boot design is a mistake on Timberland's part.  Sadly, I will not be ordering this model in the future.
B000VX03WQ timber 95100 euro hiker boot These are good boots, long lasting.Easy to put on and take off. Durable shoestrings. The insoles could have a little more cushion. Water-resident, but not water-proof.
B000VX03WQ Very Pleased Boots were comfortable right from the box, Lacing toggles seem strong and well made.I have worn these for 2 weeks now and would recommend these highly. My only Improvemet would be to gusset the tongue to make the boot waterproof to the ankles.
B000VX04DO Good value These boots are great. I bought two pairs of them. They are waterproof and non-slip, and even serve as my winter boots. Highly recommended.
B000VX04PC Soles Soft, Easily Damaged My wife purchased these for me in new, unworn condition for a mere $10 in a Goodwill recycled clothing store. The color was a discontinued one; a hideous shade of robin's egg blue w/ blueberry accents (!), so I set them a side for two years until I wore out my last pair of work sneaker/hiking boots. (I'm a finish carpenter, and go through two pairs of lightweight work boots per year.)They are extremely comfortable. There was little 'break-in' required, and the size runs true. (My usual 13D fit perfectly.) They're indeed supportive, waterproof, and breathe well.My only nitpick with these boots is the soles. Although they are comfortably silent and resilient, they will leave marks on flooring, and they have sustained a surprising amount of damage from relatively light construction site wear. Chunks of 'Vibram' tread lugs have been torn from the bottom, and one of my boots has split its sole nearly all the way through its mid section, from left to right. Perhaps these would have been a better choice for light hiking, but backcountry trails are often in rougher terrain than a muddy construction site...
B000X46MOQ Ok, not for restoration field work I needed these boots for a summer internship. I wanted something affordable and I was told I need a waterproof boot. I am happy that the toe is roomier and they fit relatively well, however the quality isn't the best. You get what you pay for. I walk around in wet and muddy areas and also areas of tall brush. I've had these boots almost two weeks and they already have scrapes on them from the brush and thorny plants I walk through, also the laces aren't holding up well. They will probably last ok for the summer but I've concluded they aren't a great long term boot for an environmental career after seeing the wear only two weeks has done on them. If you aren't working in the outdoors I'm sure these boots would work well.
B000XEAA0S Comfortable but not waterproof These boots look good, and are really comfortable to work in but they are definitely NOT water proof. I have had them for about a week and the water gets in them by just walking in wet grass. I must have received a defective pair. Water gets into both of the boots.
B000XEAA0S Great So far so good. Very light very stable on the ankles and of course waterproof. I hope they last. If the last I will buy them again.
B000XEACHO First timer I've been wearing these boots for about two weeks now & they are very comfortable & sturdy. I usually buy the Timberland pit boss but I liked the extra leather covering the steel toes & that these are more waterproof.I work construction & give my boots a beating. We'll see how they last.
B000XEACHO My husband has been wearinTg this style boot for 2-3 years now and LOVES IT!!!! During the day my husband is a welder so having a steel toe is a plus. At night and on the weekends he works for our local sewer district and his boots need to be waterproof. He has never had an issue wear water got in. Just the other day when he received his new pair of boots, he turned his old pair around to look at the bottom and there was a staple and nail stuck in the boot and he never felt it. This is a excellent boot even if you don't need it to be waterproof.
B000XEACHO Not "Waterproof" I bought these boots for my fianc&eacute;, he needed a pair of steeltoe waterproof boots. I liked the looks of them, and $106 for timberland boots was reasonable. Yesterday it rained, and they were not waterproof and provided him with poor protection against the water. He does say they are very comfortable, but the amount of cover against the elements is not satisfactory at all.
B000XEACHO Exceptional boot for the working stiff I'm now on my third pair of these boots. I've put them through a heavy workout throughout the year and they handle everything they are handed without compromise. The waterproofing is of significance for me and this treatment technique that Timberland uses surpasses anything that my colleagues use in their day to day! In fact, the frequent complaint from those relying upon Gore-tex products is that when the material breaks down, there is no protection. Only very soggy feet! Never happens with a pair of these rugged boots!! If you're looking for a no frills style, great comfort and beautifully waterproof footwear... I can't recommend this Timberland product more highly! So order up soon. I'd hate to see these boots go out of production due to a lack of consistent demand!
B000XEACHO Reliable go-to shoe This is my fourth purchase of the same shoe . I wear these shoes about 10 hours a day in trying conditions for any footwear. The southwest desert high country landfill that I work at has destroyed many pairs of various well known name brand work boots in short order. These, however have held up two to three times longer AND retained water tightness! Temps ranging from 5 to 115 degrees, wet snow to relentless scorching sun, sharp gravel, mud, dust, and filth of every description have taken their toll cosmetically but have failed to kill them. I do not clean, oil, or otherwise maintain them. I must emphasize these are the only shoes that keep my feet dry in winter . Being available in my wide size (toe is wider too) is a plus.
B000XEACHO very good boots for outdoor work I ordered these boots because I work outside everyday-rain or shine and I was tired of having wet feet. These boots did not disappoint. I have only worn these for a couple of weeks but it has been wet out almost everyday. They keep water out and my feet comfortable all day. The rubber soles have good grip on slick or wet surfaces and the boots are very comfortable with little or no break in time. These are safety toe boots so I ordered them in wide and have plenty of room in the toe box with no discomfort. I would have given five stars but had to exchange the first pair due to water leakage. This pair (the second) are waterproof as advertised and appear to have very sturdy construction without being too heavy. With proper care they should give good service. They are not insulated and there is some retention of perspiration so they might not be well suited for very cold weather. When informed of the issue of the first pair leaking Amazon had a new pair at my door two days later - no charge- no questions. Excellent customer service.
B000XEACHO wet feet Not the most comfortably boot, It is waterproof, but at a cost.  There is no breathablity to this.  My feet are wet from the sweat when I take them off.  They do hurt my feet, but I think that is do to my messed up feet and not the boot
B000XEACHO Comfy right out of the box So far so good.  Waterproof so far.  No break in required.  They are comfortable right out of the box. Easy to clean too.
B000XEACHO just okay Not Water-proof, But Water-Resistant. Wore Them While  Cleaning Equipment At Work, Damp Socks For A Week.  Also Not Comfortable On All of My ankle Bones.
B000XEACHO excellent boots these boots are my second pair of timberlands and i really like them. they are ugly in my opinion but they take alot of abuse in the west texas oil business. they just dont wearout! they are hot and a little heavy but most other boots gave up after 6 months or less. the soles look really good after a year and the rest of the boot hasnt blown out anywhere. they are great around the ankle and support it well because im in and out of a truck all day. nothing seeps thru the boots which is really important with oil and water puddles. will keep buying until they stop making them.
B000XEACHO 3rd Pair! This is the first boot that held up under the pressures of working on an asphalt paving crew. Before this boot I was unable to find a boot that would last more than 3 months. I still own the first pair of boots that I bought. I use them when I know that I'm going to be in a messy situation instead of my newer boots. I wore the first pair one year while still on the asphalt crew. Then I got promoted to a project manager position which doesn't put me in the hot asphalt anymore. However, I believe the boots would have lasted another year under those conditions. I still buy these boots even though I'm in the office more than the field now. On top of being waterproof and comfortable, they are dressy enough to wear into meetings. A great boot for the winter time, if you're outside for short periods of time. They are waterproof so the snow doesn't wet your feet, but they don't have enough insulation to keep your feet warm for long periods. There are two reasons why I won't give them 5 stars. One, the waterproofing only seems to last about one year. And two, they are a hard boot to break in. I only wear them maybe two days a week while breaking them in.
B000XEACHO 3rd pair of these Buy them half a size smaller in US sizes. They loosen up a bit on the sides too. If you have narrow feet, you might be well served by wearing them at home for a day, to see how they feel. No break in required really though.Waterproof up to first eyelet, second if you are careful. They are lace ups, so they are not waterproof all the way up. The leather is, so splashes are fine, but they are not snow boots.Slip resistant, oil resistant, steel toe, waterproof membrane, electrical shock resistant.The leather is tough and does not tear, even on the toes. The steel toe is strong.I haven't worn other types of Timberlands. This is my 3rd pair of these though. Gotten my feet ran over and rammed in to pallet jacks in a warehouse. Walked across a fuel lane in a truck stop that had fuel spilled everywhere and did not slip.
B000XEACHO Timberland PRO Boots My 1st pair lasted almost 2 years and probably could have gotten another year out of them but although they were still functional, they looked pretty rough. Comfortable, well made and I think they are pretty good looking as well. The store I purchased my first pair from stopped carrying them for some reason so I was glad to have found them online. Great sole lug pattern for a sure grip in slippery conditions. Although these boots have a 100% waterproof membrane, they are not too hot and allow your feet to breathe. Comfortable steel toe and stain and scuff resistant outer shell. All in all a great boot and well worth the money.
B000XEACHO +/- I've clocked about 80 hours on these boots so far.  They seem very tough and waterproof, which is good.  The only downside like someone else mentioned is that they tend to get a little hot.  I guess you can't have it all though.  I'd reccommend these boots to someone who works in wet and dirty conditions.
B000XEACHO Boots for a Hard Working Man The Timberland Pro Men's Power Welt Waterproof 6" steel Toe Boot is comfortable, rugged, and definitely waterproof.  They look good too!  My Son's feet don't get as tired by the end of the day since I bought him these boots.
B000XEAJOK Now I know how my wife feels in high heels Pros: Sole seems pretty good; "ladder lock" is niceCons: Toe box is too tapered on instep side; leather scratches VERY easily.Not observed: Waterproof?I normally wear a 9 EE, and measure that exactly on a Brannock device (that foot-measuring thing at a shoe store). Based on other reviews, I ordered a half-size smaller because I work in a hot climate and did not want to wear thicker socks. When I first put my feet in the boots, they felt perfect, actually pretty roomy - my feet can slide forward and back 1/4-1/2" and I can wiggle all my toes and move my foot side-to-side about 1/8-1/4". For the first day or so, the boots felt fine, but then I started noticing some pain in my big toes on the instep side, as well as the ball of my foot.My advice: Buy your true size, and just wear them with thicker socks or buy some insoles at a drugstore to keep your feet from sliding around. I've beaten these up too much to return/exchange (the leather shows marks if you just breathe on it), but I can live with them for what I do.Update 1: I wear very thin socks (working in the tropics) and now I've gotten them (and my feet) a bit more broken in - I was able to stack two sets of insoles to keep my feet stable:this one on the bottomand very thinPedag leather insoleson top of those. I removed the factory-provided insoles because they provided no arch support.I also treated them with a beeswax-based sealer, and they seem to resist scratches/scuffs much more easily. My concern about the scratches is not cosmetic--these are work boots, after all--I am concerned about the leather absorbing water through the scratches, drying out, and cracking. The sealer seems to help prevent that. Time will tell.All that said, my use for these really is a special case: I still recommend ordering your proper size and adding insoles/thick socks as necessary.Update 2: After about a year of light use and regular maintenance, the leather is still eggshell fragile; I have large gashes all over my boots through the outer layer of leather - looks like someone has been slashing them with a knife, but aside from snagging my toe on the occasional rock, I really can't imagine where these gashes are coming from. Aside from the steel toe and industrial look, I wouldn't call these "work" boots at all: I'm really worried about whether they'll hold up for another year. I'll definitely be looking elsewhere for my next pair of boots.
B000XEAJOK I GO DANCIN IN THEM THERE BOOTS Scored these puppies for $50 on ebay and I have worn these boots nearly every day for two years now.  I've been very happy with them. however, I neglected them this summer and didn't oil them and they formed cracks and are no longer waterproof... I'm an electrician in Utah where the weather is all over the place, I wore these boots in the 100+ to the 0- degrees in steel/concrete buildings, in the sand, mud and rocks and they held their own. Although a bit nippy wearing wool socks in the dead of winter I didn't mind too much because I knew they aren't supposed to be a warm boot. Great looks, true to size, these boots are as comfortable as any skate/running shoe I have ever owned after maybe a week of break in time.  I'm looking for some new insulated/waterproof wellington style boots for this winter, If this boot had an insulated version I would buy in a heartbeat, alas there is not... My money might go to the Justin wyoming wellington for my winter boot and break these bad boys out again in the spring.
B000XEAJOK Hard Working Boot I work in the Bakken oil field in North Dakota.  These boots have handled everything I've thrown at it.  Sub zero temperatures, ankle high oil sludge, shin high mud, water, and snow, sharp rocks, ice, chemicals, and cuts and abrasions; and they still have plenty of life in them!  They are more comfortable the Red Wings and have better traction on icy and slick surfaces.  My feet stay warm even in sub zero temperatures (once it gets colder than -30 and I'm outside for a while, my feet start to get cold with regular socks on).  If they can handle working on an oil rig in North Dakota for two years and still going strong, they can handle anything you dish out.
B000XEAJOK Most Comfortable Boots Ever I work in the oilfield on a drilling rig and this is the second pair of these boots I've owned.I have size 15 feet and its hard to find comfortable shoes let alone boots. I can say that for working 12-16 hour shifts these are great even without a insert and put little to any stress on my feet.The last pair I had lasted me for 6 months working in inverted drilling fluid and I never got my feet wet once, even though I was working floors and doing a lot of muck jobs in water and other fluids.The only problem I had was the toe of the boot wearing out but this time i'm going the put on some toe protectant and that shouldn't be a problem.  Even with the toe worn through, the way they designed these boots, they still stayed waterproof and comfortable.
B000XEAJOK Good Cold Weather Boot Pros: Waterproof, total insulation in deep water. Good construction winter safety boot.Cons: Free delivery from USPS, Irregular pair chosen (had an ominous scar in front), a challenge to put on or take off for larger sizes.
B000XEAKWG Very comfortable boot. The HD Wellingtons are my third pair of Timberland boots. I love the fit and the comfort. My poor abused and battered feet get the support they need when I buy Timberlands. I also have a pair of hikers and a pair of Tims duty boots.The Wellies are a nice fitting boot and have been smooth to get on and off. They are very comfortable on the foot. I haven't used them out in the wet yet so I cannot comment on the waterproofness. I'll have many months of wet to come here in the soggy Pacific NW so I will update my review as appropriate.I've had these boots a week and have worn them a couple of hours each day doing the chores:feeding horses, cleaning stalls, mowing the lawn, etc. I have not a single complaint or concern so far. I like them.  I like them a lot.Edited to add:Three months in and I still love these boots. I have used them for 14 hour days in the high heat moving hay. I have used them in wet and slippery mud. I cleaned sticky clay from the boots with an extended blast from the hose. My feet stayed dry and comfortable in all conditions.  I highly recommend the Timberland waterproof wellingtons.
B000XEAKWG Extremely Heavy Duty Boots If you work in a job that has you in weather of all types, around chemicals or around heavy equipment you need these boots.  These guys are designed to take a licking and keep on kicking!I was highly impressed at the construction of the boots.  You won't find a weak seam anywhere on these boots.  And as far as the sole goes -- amazing grip.  Absolutely great for people who drive trucks and such around construction sites where you need a sure grip both outside the vehicle and inside the vehicle.My first day with these boots I was helping a friend do some logging out in the middle of the woods.  It was rainy, miserable and cold.  My feet stayed dry, warm and protected.  Even with us climbing some serious hills and rocks these guys held up to the task without a second thought.  I was very impressed at their ability to keep moisture OUT without suffocating my feet as so many "waterproof" boots tend to do.Order your true size.  Only order a wide size if you have a wide foot.  If you wear a half size you should go to the next size and just wear a thicker sock if necessary to make sure your feet have the proper support and aren't constricted by going to a smaller size.When it comes to a work boot these guys deliver.  I have no doubt that they will be "working" for me for many years to come.
B000XEAM10 junk I have had these boots for under a year. They get everyday use and not short hours.  The insoles started wearing through after a couple months of having them.  The soles have also cracked completely through in on spot on one shoe and 2 spots on the other role, because of this my feet are soaking wet all day long because the floor in the garage I work in is always wet.  I understand they are not waterproof but i don't need waterproof boots to walk on a wet floor the water never accumulates.  I realize now that I need to just bite the bullet and drop some money on serious boots.  I am really disappointed in these boots because they are really comfortable.
B000XEAM10 Amazing These boots arrived yesterday so I've only had the chance to wear them around for a few minutes. My first impression? Five stars! I actually believe these are perhaps the most comfortable shoes - not just work boots, but shoes - I have ever put on. I expect virtually no break-in period. I envision these lasting a LONG time and standing up to lots of abuse over the coming years. I'm between a size 13 and 14 - some brands like Nike and Merrel are 14s for me, others like Timerland and Sidi and 13s. Fortunately, I've owned Timberlands before I was comfortable buying online knowing size would not likely be an issue. Why only four stars? They're not waterproof. OK - I knew that going in: Other Timberland boots are labeled as such, and these are not. I know that. But of all the Timberland boots I looked at, these are the ones I liked best - and they're not waterproof. Bummer. Now, I assume there to be at least "some" water shedding capability but I'll wait and see just how little or how much there is before I take on the sprays and treatments. But, frankly, I don't see myself clomping around through streams all that much. Most of the use these guys get will be recreational hiking or work chores around the house or just something to wear in this South Texas winter when sneakers, sandals or bare feet won't do.
B000XEAMXS comfortable These boots are very comfortable right out of the box and the sole gets good traction in slippery conditions. Only downfall is I wish this model had waterproofing, my feet get soaked at work.
B000XEAMXS Quality build, but not quite perfect. Have worn these boots for over a year now, and while they look very nice, and break in quickly, they have their flaws.Soles start to squeak on concrete floors over time. while this might not be an issue on the job-site or on other surfaces, in a hanger, this gets a bit annoying quickly.these boots are warm. very warm. nice in the winter, not so nice in more mild temperatures. spring through fall, my feet get very hot in these, much more so than the pitboss pro's I wore for many years prior.The toes wore through quickly. in the year I have been wearing them, both boots are clear through the leather, and showing the exposed composite toe. I suppose they are still safe enough, however they are no longer "water resistant"I have no problem spending a little extra for a quality pair of boots, however I just do not feel this model lives up to the hype.That being said.. . .They are sharp looking bootsAs previously mentioned, they break in quickly.The composite toe makes for a light boot, and having dropped quite a heavy metal object on one at least once, I trust them to protect me.Good boot. Not a great boot.
B000XEC14Q great boots ive had 2 pairs of thesethe first pair lasted me 2 years before finally the upper ripped throughthe second needs a new sole after a year mainly because i use them every day and usually ride motorcycle as my main mode of transportation ive never had a problem with em and always found them at least as good protection as the annoyingly expensive Harley davidson boots out therethey do good against some water as the toung is not not sealed all the way up they do okthey were good down the about 30 degrees for me with some good wool socksalways had about the best traction in these as my previous boots before these would have major problems in oil puddles and coolant these were much more stable especially riding in the rain where oil puddles are like iceif you ride the toe caps on most boots get scratched and worn out from shifting , these wont because of the rubber toe capive basically subjected these to some rough daily abuse and haven't worn a better boot yet
B000XEE9PA look no futher, these are the best After 12 years in the Army and 13 Years at FedEx as a courier I have worn many, many different boots and these are so good I wont wear anything else on the job period. Oh, I have tried to save a little money on some other name brands but if taking care of your "dogs" are of top priority than these are the real deal. Order a wide size if you are a reg.  The "powerfit" system is awsome and feel comfy out the box. No kidding! Really the only boot I have EVER bought that were broke in comfortable right out of the box. Water proof system works (really water proof) and they look great. Rugged mans boot. I get construction guys asking me about them all the time.
B000XEEQAI ONLY ONE ISSUE Great product and worlds fastest delivery make this a no brainer. The work boots truly are COMFORTABLE right out of the box and fit well. One quick note: THEY ARE NOOOOT WATERPROOF! If you want waterproof look else where.My only gripe is that I wanted them in Brown and still received Coffee (The factory print on the box clearly says Coffee but the bar code/inventory sticker says brown). Come on folks, READ!
B000XEEW9S Favorite work boot of all time These boots run about a half to a whole size big. I wear a size 11 in most boots, but I need a 10.5 or even a 10 in the Timberland PRO Titan depending on the season and how thick of socks I'm wearing.The boot looks great. The all black version doubles as a service shoe if you need that kinda thing. The Toffey/brown boot looks really sharp as well.The insole is super nice. Soft, but good support. The lacing feels good, is flexible and doesn't bind where you foot bends. Laces last the life of the boot.The upper ankle surround area is nice and soft. Soft enough to wear these with ankle socks during the summer. Directly against skin all day - Feels more like a basketball shoe and less like a boot.Sole is solid, but not chunky. These are not mud-snow-slippery boots. The tread is somewhat flat, so they are great for construction or building maintenance work. I have worn them in plenty of ditches and on plenty of muddy jobs with good results however.These are  not waterproof. I have worn mine in rainy Seattle, and my feet always stay dry. I can't list these as 'waterproof', but if you're not standing up to your ankles in water all day, these are great in a wet Seattle environment. Pouring rain, puddles, pressure washing, you'll stay dry.The front toung is sewn most of the way up the boot opening. Makes it easy to get into and out of, but keeps small things from falling into and grinding against your ankle. Like the plastic pieces from a row of pneumatic nail gun nails or gravel or sawdust.Longevity:My shoes/boots typically last me about 6 months before my feet start hurting. These outlast my usual shoe suspects, and I can put a new footbed into it and get more life out of it as well. Your mileage may vary, but for me they outlast my other shoes.  I've never worn through the rubber, nor have I worn out the leather upper. They are leather, so they do stretch out over time. Not a ton, but a little bit. I buy new ones once the heel rubber is mostly rounded off, the foot bed feels crushed down, and the leather is covered with paint, glue, or they just look beat down.Great boot, Happy to re-buy these over and over. Especially for the price.
B000XEH2JA Timberland Titan 26064 Just ordered my third pair. Probably owned 30 different kinds of boots over the years and these rate in the top three for comfort and durability with the bonus of being both slip and water resistent (not water-proof). The soft leather that makes them feel good right out of the box does scuff easily but they are still definitely 5 stars in my book.
B000XEH2JA My Experience The boots are comfortable without having to be broken in like other pairs that I have worn. But after a month of wear, the sole of the left boot cracked and began to let water into the boot.  I don't do much heavy walking.  I walk to and from school almost every day.  It is approximately 3 miles of walking up and down hill.  It is possible that I received a defective pair.
B000XEH2JA A Great Boot - Stop Looking and Take My Word! You get what you pay for. I have bought the cheapy boots and always regretted it. Those cheapy boots can give you a major backache, medical problems and just plain fall apart. I decided to spend a little bit extra for these boots and I have to say I am now a lifetime customer. I will NEVER buy another brand or style of boot EVER! Why would I? I love these. I work eight plus hours on asphalt and concrete and I have to say when I get home my feet are not fatigued at all. A wet washcloth is all I need to get these things clean. Timberland has a 100% comfort guarantee and stands behind these for a full 30 days no questions asked. Timberland obviously believes in their boot. That means a lot to me. I don't rate these for being waterproof because Timberland never claimed they were waterproof. If I wanted a waterproof boot, I would look for that feature. Knowing that, I am not sure how well these boots would hold up if submerged in mud or puddles, but that is not my application, so I'm good. From experience, I have spent many days in the rain and my feet are nice and warm and stay dry.As far as style goes, black is the way to go because they go with everything and if you ever need to meet somebody at a restaurant after work they don't look too much like a hardcore construction boot even though they are. I stay away from the brownish/red boot. Just a personal preference.Based on my type of job and the boots current wear, a pair of these boots will last me about 1 year. I am extremely hard on these boots and often wear them even when I am not at work. They are that comfortable.Pros: Comfortable All Day Long.Comfortable right out of the box.DurableLook greatCons: NoneMy recommendation: Buy
B000XEIZ7S love the boot this is the most comfortable shoe i've ever had on my feet right out of the box, there is no break in period. i drive professionally & put in 12 to 14 hour days plus they are 100% waterproof, feet never get wet provided the water level does not extend the height of the boot of course
B000XEIZ7S Good boot but not waterproof I have had these boots since June.I really like these boots. They are very comfortable and feel broken in right away. They are also the lightest safety toe boot i have had. I work at a winery and these boots are not waterproof. If you work in a place where your boots are constantly wet then water will get through. In all fairness Muck type boots seem to be the only boot that is truly water proof in the cellar. I have had these for about 8 months and the soles are starting to crack in the last month( i am a small guy too) but to this point they had held up well. The cracking is from climbing barrels though so many may not have this problem. I am on all types of surfaces(mostly concrete, tile, and the vineyard) and these soles dont slip.I will most likely buy another pair but i took a star off for the soles cracking so quickly and the boot not being waterproof
B000XEIZ7S My 5th pair. I keep buying these boots every year because they are worth it. Very comfortable, waterproof, and light weight. I'm heavy so I change out the insole after about 6 months, I get $100.00 every year for boots, used to spend alot extra at the local store for these, now I order them thru Amazon, no problems with fit, just order the regular size you wear.
B000XEIZ7S Buy two and alternate them If you buy two pair and alternate them daily they will last a very long time. I've been in water up to the top of these boots. They say what they mean. There water proof! Also very comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Love the boots This is to replace Timberland PRO Men's Hyperion Waterproof Work Boot which lasted a month and the plastic lace holders cracked. In comparison this is much better constructed, lighter than expected being a safety-toe, very comfortable, and waterproof. I work outside a lot and in the rain. Worked well keeping my feet dry when it rained for the last 3 days.  Walked in wet grass and puddles and kept the water out.  Would recommend this boot to anyone who wants comfort and durability.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland pro boots So far so good with the boots. No problems with break in. Very comfortable. Put the waterproof to the test already as well. Light weight which is important.
B000XEJ3HO Best boots this is my third pair .no break in time very light weight water proof. they do wear out over time and its always nice to find them at a good price
B000XEJ3HO Okay boot, for interior construction work I have purchased this boot in the past- it is a comfortable , light weight boot- New boots do need to be broken in and stretched- despite what the manufacturer says. It is advertised as waterproof- my last 2 pairs fell apart ,not because of wear but ,because of water penetration through the heels when I was on outdoor sites.To be fair, I buy them because of their comfort and lightweight.  I CANNOT reommend them where the environment is rough such as walking on stone and /or wet snowy conditions on the outdoor sites.
B000XEJ9V4 comfortable comfortable boots,  good fit and support.  I use an insole for better arch support and heel cushion - very comfortable that way - you may not need it as it has sufficient cushioning.  they are supposed to be waterproof, but after a day of watering plants at my job,my feet are wet. ( not soaking wet but wet ).  to be fair most of the boots I have tried weren't waterproof ( even &#34; gortex&#34; boots ).if these boots were waterproof ( even for 6 months )  I would have given them 5  stars
B000XEJ9V4 great  boots i  certainly  have not  worn  every boot  out  there but i  can't  see  any  better  than  these ! ive  had  mine for  3  yrs put  them  threw hell mud water job  sites and  their still great beat  up  a little  but  still going strong ! their  water  proof very  warm in  winter  and  nearly  indestructable worth  every  dime simply  can't go  any  better .
B000XEJ9V4 awsome boots. these boots are outstanding! came really quick. they were exactly as described. their customer service dept. is excellent. they fit perfect, although left boot felt somewhat too narrow at first, but after short "break-in" time (3-4 days) that left boot broke in & now fits like a glove. the cusion pad on top (of 8 inch height) is very comfortable when bending the boots sharply. timb.s seem sometimes to be 1 to 1.5 sizes too big. maybe ok w/extra thick socks, but better to try order 1 to 1.5 sizes smaller than normal boot you take, (every one's foot diff. though). ramsey co. seems to work awesome to resolve any customer issue, and fast at that. really comfortable from toe to 8 inch top. totally waterfproof, same quality come to expect from timberland. ramsey co. is about the best online boot co. i've dealt with over quite some time. get 'em there, p.savadel512012. P.S., newark, DE. isn't usually this cold and for so many days/evenings, but 3 nights ago dropped to 26 degress (F), 2 nights ago to 22 degrees (F), & last night dropped to 16 degrees, each unreal cold day/night, my feet were the only thing warm on me. my fingers felt like they were to fall off, but boots kept my feet so warm, they didn't feel the sub-freezing temps at all. everything you need for a great boot, forgot to mention, water just literally beaded & rolled off the boots, very cool, psavadel512012
B000XEJ9V4 timberland PRO boot very nice fit, a little hard keeping tight when trying to tie. left insert is developing issue at ball of foot! very warm, and very water proof!
B000XEJ9V4 Comfortable, Waterproof and Durable The boots are comfortable and provided the water resistant warmth needed on even the coldest of days.  I was looking for a boot that did not have an overly thick lining or unnecessary over-cushioning.  The construction and workmanship are excellent and the boots were reasonably priced.
B000XEKCRE Great Boots. If I have to wear boots to work, this is the pair for me. Whether it's working around concrete, or stomping around culverts in the desert, this is a comfortable boot. The only minor peeve I have is the little tag on the shoelaces that read "waterproof". It flips down, and I'm too lazy to unlace both boots to take them off.
B000XEKHOC Good Boot I've had timber lands before, they make a good boot. I work in H.V.A/C and crawl around in crawl spaces all day. Plus we work regardless of the weather , rain, mud, cold, snow and they are insulated, comfortable and water proof so far. They can stand up to the tough circumstance I put them through and they live up to what they are built for.
B000XEKHOC Best Black Boots ever Needed some nice black boots to tool around it.  These are so comfortable I don't want to take them off. The soles are thick and seem thicker than most boots I have owned.  Good traction on wet surfaces and mud.  Waterproof seems to be true as my feet have not gotten wet yet.
B000XEKHOC Solid Boot This is a solid, well-built boot. They were comfortable right out of the box. Fit was true to size. In 15 degree weather my feet did not get cold, but whether indoors or out, I never noticed my feet getting hot. While I didn't go wading through any ponds, I never noticed any water coming through, either. The soles and heels are on the thick side, with deep tread, which worked well in the snow. The only downsides that I can come up with are that the boot might have benefited from the top one or two eyelets being hooks--they are a little hard to get on. Also, I got black, but it is an oiled black. I knew this from the description when I bought them, but it would have been nice to have an option for a polished black version, which I did not see.
B000XEKK94 Great value, waterproof My boyfriend is in the construction business, so he needed a great pair of heavy duty boots that are waterproof and rugged.  These shipped right away, he didnt have to wait long to get them.  They fit as expected, which is sometimes rare when you mail order clothing items
B000XEKK94 Durable. Reliable. Great Buy Ive always bought Timberland Boots for working. I recently had a mishaps with my steeltoe PitBull Pro Series and needed a new pair. Besides the fact, i wanted a waterproof boot. I work about five minutes from home, so I went back and fourth like ten times until these babies came in the mail. Put 'em on, fit perfectly and went right back to work. I thought the cuff was going to be a little high for me but it seemed to cause no issues. I worked theses things for twelve hours right out of the gate around water, cement and mud and was not let down. The lacing also makes a comfortable fit and the 24/7 suspension comfort sole is great. Im never let down by these boots. Ill say i make no attempt in keeping them clean, (why would you?) but these boots are just beautiful. Always pleased with this line of boots...will buy again...when needed.
B000XEKK94 Warm Boots for winter wear PROS: These boots keep have been keeping my feet warm in these last few arctic storms we've had in Michigan. The leather is very soft to the touch and pliable, not stiff like you might expect them to be. I've used them on my family farm as well as just walking around town and they perform very well. At first you might not be used to the weigh/size of the boot but eventually its fine, and often I now prefer to wear them over my shoes due to the comfort of the boot.CONS: They don't really breath (since they're meant to be water proof) so I've had to use wool socks to keep my feet from getting too damp and cold from sweat. On waterproofing, I think mine has already worn off, so I need to see about reapplying it (had the boots 2 months, but your mileage may vary depending on your use.) Also, on the inner side of the shoe (running from the big toe to the heel), moisture has started to settle there and is causing the boot leather to pull away from the rubber. Some glue will probably fix this, and may be a result of me not re-waterproofing them. Again, your mileage may vary.Overall, I am satisfied with these boots, and would buy them again. Just don't expect them to be completely maintenance free (look into glue and waterproof spray/wax, especially if you want to buy these as a gift for someone).
B000XEKK94 insulation missing These boots may be water tight-I have not had them in the 'wet' yet. They could not be very well insulated, although they claim to be.My feet get get very cold, when the temperature is only in the twentys. They are comfortable-but not well insulated.
B000XEKK94 Great boots I look like a miner when I wear them. They're huge. A lot bigger and taller than I expected but that's perfect since they're waterproof. I did a long hike with them and they were a little too tall and stiff for my legs, but I stepped in an area of mud up to my ankles and dipped my foot in a stream to wash off. No water seeped through at all. Totally dry after the hike. Great boot, I just wouldn't walk 2 miles up and down a mountain with them again.
B000XEKK94 seems to be ok it is not waterproof.in rain feet become wet soon.the shoe is heavy but not warm.the sole is actually very thick... so sometimes it is useful. but ugly, i think.
B000XEKK94 Great boot While it may not be designed specifically for this purpose, I used these boots while working fisheries up on the Missouri River and I was thoroughly pleased by them. Hardly had to break them in, they're comfortable, and working on the water, I can confidently say, they're water proof. The color's really beautiful and they're just a solid pair of boots. Definitely worth the price, I love them.
B000XEKK94 Not waterproof I have had these boots for 8 months, in general they are comfy, but deffinately not waterproof. Maybe day one they were but i work outside in the rain often, and take extra socks withme to work to change into at lunch time. if it is raining hard they are not worth wearing as they will be completely soaked.
B000XELF3O Decent boots for price Great boots. I would compair these to my red wings. Only 2 problems I have with them I'm a welder and the sparks get in to the boot around the laces an burns your feet. Also they arnt every water proof over 2 inches. Besides that they are light and comfortable
B000XELF3O comfortable but leak. These boots are pretty comfortable.  The only issue is they don't keep dry! The first day I had them even after spraying them with water proof they leaked at the sole seam with just a little oversprelay from a pressure washer.
B000XELF3O Great pair of boots. Waterproofer required. This is a great pair of boots. Steel-toe means you don't have to worry about stubbed toes. It is very warm (I live near Boston) in the winter, however, you may consider buying a waterproofer since this is not waterproof - HOWEVER I have not had any wet feet while wearing this, I only recommend waterproofer because the material can absorb water sometimes. Just a recommendation.These boots are very comfortable, although on the heavy side. They have very good grip, feel sturdy. I advise you not to wear ankle length or no-show socks with these because the metal hoops for the laces can sometimes rub against your skin and cause discomfort.A very good pair of boots, would recommend.
B000XELF3O No complaints here! The shoes fit as promised (~1 size large), which had me nervous, because I wear a size 16 normally, and they only went up to a 15. These shoes are extremely comfortable (there wasn't any break-in period). I put these on and started doing work in them immediately. If I were to have a complaint it would be to make them easier to put on - having to restring the boots halfway can be a slight annoyance, but it is the nature of this type of foot-wear. On the plus side, they come off quickly, so that cancels out. The boots wash off very well and seem to be pretty much water proof (I did some work in a slightly swampy mid-Florida area with these, and my feet were nice and dry afterwards!). I often get extremely hot feet while working (ESPECIALLY in black/dark tennis shoes and the like), but with these (including double layered socks), my foot temperature was about at what they would be at if they were barefoot. All in all, a great pair of boots!
B000XELF3O Very good boots I've bought several pairs of these boots over the last few years. Once they're broken in, they are comfortable. They are durable and have stopped plenty of nails from going into my feet. I also suspect that they are waterproof up to about the bottom shoe lace hole. On several occasions I've walked through/stood in very shallow water and my feet never got wet.
B000XETJU0 NOT WATER PROOF I expected this boot to be more water resistant. However, the moment my boot got wet so did my foot. Disappointing.
B000XETJU0 Best Boot for the Money I am a careful & frugal shopper. This boot is a solid value. Worn about 20 times, mostly yard work, garage projects - about half broken-in. I have a broad fore-foot & slightly narrow heel. These fit great. Perhaps I should have ordered a half size bigger as they are just a bit snug, but should be fine when fully broken in. (I used a real metal foot sizing plate to size my foot). The leather is thick & supple, the stitching is multiple row where needed, the padded collar & tongue are very comfortable. The welt is solidly stitched so if you take care of the uppers you can re-sole when needed. The factory sole looks like it should last quite a while. For some reason the laces are way too long - minor & easily fixed. Weight is about medium, i.e. not made out of junk. The oiled finish is easy to dress & care for & should be pretty water resistant (haven't gotten them very wet yet). I am considering buying another pair just to put away for years down the road when they may no longer be available.
B000XETJU0 Love Timberlands, but not these. I've owned many pairs of Timberland shoes and boots, and 3 pairs of Timberland Pro Series boots, and had good.luck with them.  The Pro Series boots are comfortable and long lasting. I wear them every day all year. These Pit Boss model boots are slightly less expensive than the others I've owned, but they are very comfortable and relatively lightweight. They also have good traction in snow and dirt. Although they are halfway decent, they do have some issues. For starters, the tongue is too short. When I lace up the boot to the top and tie it, the laces are above the top of the tongue. If you lean forward, the laces will rub against your shin. If I was trying these on in a store, I would not have bought them, but since I ordered them online, I decided to keep them and just not lace them all the way up. The next problem I encountered was how slippery they are on ice and bare floors(when wet). The soles look identical to my previous pair, but the rubber on the bottom must be different. When I'm walking or working on a slick surface I have to be careful that my feet don't go out from under me. The third issue is these boots leaked the first time I wore them in wet snow and slush. They were not even a month old. They've completely soaked through a few times now. I will have to seal them with mink oil or silicon. Usually new boots will stay waterproof for a year or so before they start to leak. Once the boots get wet like that, they start to fail. The leather and glue start to lose their integrity. In summation; I do like these boots, but I can't recommend them. There are better options out there.
B000XETJU0 Great pair of work boots! These Timberland boots are well made and were treated with Obenauf's before I wore them to water proof them.  They have stayed dry and are holding up really well.  These are better construted that the Wolverine brand that I wore in the past and that is why I changed to Timberland.
B000XETX7O Awesome work/hiking boot I can't say enough about these boots.  I needed a durable, but comfortable work boot w/ a safety toe that I could also do alot of walking in (landscaping, walking behind a mower and occasional chainsawing).  They're not too light, not too heavy.  I couldn't be more pleased with the balance these boots strike.  I've abused them to death and the all-leather upper is still holding strong.  I can walk all day on my property and my feet never bark.  I'm a hiker and have also used these on more serious trails when I'm carrying more weight, and also plan to use them backpacking.  I really appreciate that they don't feel like 'work boots,' they're the opposite of heavy, flat-footed and cloggy.  And I'll buy them again when I wear my current pair out.  So far they've survived three years of heavy work and walking.  I hose/brush them off and put leather conditioner on them from time to time which helps, I'm sure.  I like that they have few seams to allow water in, and, especially w/ a little conditioner or oil on them, they're about all the water resistance you need, without the weight and sweatiness of a 'waterproof' liner (ie, NOTHING is completely waterproof when it comes to boots).  I've sloshed through plenty of wet & mud to realize this.  Even just walking all day in wet grass is a solid test for any boot.  Great, great work + walking boot that can do both, brilliantly, for just over $100.
B000XEX67M Waterproof and durable These boots are really heavy but they do the job of keeping your feet safe and dry.  The shoe strings break easily though.
B000XEXA46 Great Boots I work in a wet industrial enviroment. I must have steel toe boots but, they must be waterproof as well. These boots fill my need plus they are very comfortabe to wear. They are very quick and easy to put on and get off, that is another advantage in my book many styles aren't. They also have a wide size selection.
B000XF04LM Comfortable! These are very comfortable tough boots. They are not waterproof, and do not claim to be, but are water resistant as long as they are not submerged in a puddle. They didn't really need any break in time and were comfortable right out of the box. I recommend.
B000XF4D1Y Good choice for long days standing/ walking on concrete Very comfortable on the factory floor. Good on wet/slippery surfaces. Had several pairs in the past and the only flaw is they delaminate and crack on the sole, and if you do walk on a wet surface or across a wet parking lot you will have wet socks all day.
B000XR2W1U Comfortable and fit great! Got these for my gf and she asked me to say the following: She loves them.They fit perfectly and are very soft and comfortable. She wears them everyday at work and they seem durable (although she has only worn them a couple weeks).They are also truly waterproof, so far. They were put to the test within the first week, but her feet stayed dry.She hasn't dropped anything on her toes but feels confident that she will be protected. She loves these boots, they were priced right and she would recommend them to a friend.
B000XR30FM I love these boots This is my second pair of these boots.  I bought the originals at Tractor Supply, and they are easily the most comfortable work boots I've ever owned.  I live/work on an apple orchard, so these get worn every day, rain or shine.  Make sure you waterproof them, so the leather doesn't crack and make them more prone to wet toes! Super comfy, lightweight, great arch support, even a year later!
B000XR4IXA Boots are great- not fireproof though I bought these boots for a summer of backpacking and hydrology work with Forest service in the Beaverhead mountains. These boots were so comfortable to hike in, even when carrying weight. The are waterproof (as long as it doesn't go over the top of the boot), but the coating does fade over time and with wear/use. Recently I over topped them when walking through a stream and the insides got wet. I put them in front of the fire to dry- but they got too close and too hot, the soles melted slightly and the leather shrunk. I quickly reordered a new pair because I can't work without  them anymore. These boots are fantastic and I will always replace with the same!
B000XXGMRO Great lightweight waterproof boot... Didn't buy it from good old Amazon this time, but at a local department store. I've had these for 3 1/2 weeks, and so far, so very, very good. Yes, expect that it runs at least a half size larger than normal. GREAT BOOT! Super comfortable, lightweight, well stitched and very ergonomic, broken in and wearable right out of the box, and they really are waterproof! Major storms here in CA over the last 3 weeks, and just slogged on through. The waterproof part was important to me, as I fish, hike, and generally require something that is bulletproof enough to take a pretty good thrashing, but that looks good enough to wear out to dinner, etc, when I'm done...and these are good lookin' boots. My experience is that waterproof sometimes only means weather-resistant, but so far these are true to the description. Will update if that changes. Anyway, 5 stars so far.
B000XXGMRO Dress boot worthless for everything else. The earthkeeper compound used is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS in wet conditions for almost any surface.  Don't buy this boot if you want to go hiking, work, or do anything outside.  Not waterproof.  Not Insulated.  Very soft, so no ankle support.  Looks cool, but thats about it.  Not even good for clubbing.  Probably slip on the dance floor.
B000XXGMRO dry weather indoor dress shoe this boot looks good. its probably built well. doubt i will wear it enough to find out. i can not for the life of me water proof it. i have baked in snow seal 3 times thoroughly. snow seal is a fine product. but just walking through wet grass, no puddles, my feet get wet. its all the seems. they leech water. way too expensive. for $60 it might be ok for someone. not me though. its not a work boot either. its for walking in the mall, on a dry day. they are light. soles very thin. feel like high top moccasins. good indoor shoe. sizes run big. but red ball keds would keep you drier seriously. way over priced. i've worn timberlands for 12 years and they finally wore out. bought these to replace them as i liked them so much. i do not like these except to look at. used for dog walking.
B000XXGMRO NOT waterproof as advertised Wanted to echo some of the other reviews - the boot is definitely NOT waterproof as advertised.None of the leather upper is stitched or sealed at all to the sides of the boot - some cheap boots will stop at the ankle (meaning the boot is only waterproof up to the ankle, then it will spill through no matter how waterproof the material is). The Timberland Earthkeeper is actually worse than that - all the way down to bottom (top of the foot) it has no seal to the side, so literally any kind of water or snow you get splashed on the shoe WILL seep through and get your feet wet.Made it useless for me as a boot - if I didn't need waterproofing or a protective safety toe, then it'd be much lighter and more comfortable to get a regular hiking shoe.
B000YDG6FQ Ankle scratchers I like these boots, but there's just one problem - they are major ankle scratchers. I don't exaggerate and am being completely honest when I tell you that I bleed and have scars when I wear these boots. Eventually, I had to buy thicker and higher socks just so I could wear these boots. So do I like them enough to buy completely new socks? Yep. However, you've been warned!Besides that, the boots are nice. Some other reviewers said that the shoe is not water resistant enough but I have never had any water leak in. I live in Seattle, so I'm pretty confident that my experience with rain and water is more extreme than many other reviewers. I ordered the burnished brown and was expecting it to be a lighter brown by looking at the pictures but it was actually quite darker than I expected, so if you're looking for a lighter brown you'd be better off trying another color.All in all, maybe I was unlucky and got a bad pair but if you're bold enough to test your luck, then I'd say these boots are a decent buy. I just expected better from Timberland.
B00110CR1S Great boots! These waterproof hiking boots made a soggy BS camping weekend perfect.They fit my son right out of the box.  They were truly waterproof. And they cleaned up nicely for the next trip.Thank you!
B00110CR1S Timberlands for the winter My child likes to play in the dirt, in the rain, and in the back yard when its cold. His sneakers kept on getting really dirty and wet and feet cold when he played in the yard and I got tired of cleaning or washing them before school the next day or before we went out. I thought what should I do and that's when I remembered that I had a pair of Timberlands and have had them for years and love them.Well, we bought him the Timberlands and he is crazy about them because they clean easily.  The best part is all I have to do is wipe the boots with a rag and go. Worth the money, perfect for the winter, and well... also playing in mud puddles.  He's 8.  We also got his teenage brother a pair.
B00110CR1S Awesome boots! BUT..... beware! You can never go wrong with Timberlands. These are a bit stiff in the beginning but look like they'll outlast my son's need for them! After break in, my son preferred these at summer camp, even when other kids were wearing tennis shoes.==============================June 7, 2014So after my son came home from camping, I saw the inside of the boot had been waterlogged.  These are supposed to be waterproof so I carefully checked the boots and found that the sides of the tongue are NOT connected to the shoe itself.  What this means is that although the outer material is waterproof, water easily seeps in underneath the laces.  I found this to be very strange since my wife and I have waterproof Timberlands and we can stand in water up to the point where the tongue is no longer attached to the shoe and our feet stay dry.  My son does not have this luxury.  Had I known beforehand, I would have exchanged them for a different pair that offered the same construction my other waterproof Timberlands offer.Before you buy, make sure you understand what you are getting.  These particular boots will only protect against rain or an inch or two of standing water.  Slightly more of that will result in a boot full of water.Lowering score from 5 stars to 3.  Unfortunately I can't return or exchange now. :(
B00110CR1S Timberline youth boot Bought these for my grandson for camping this week with cub scouts. Of course it rained, and after 3 days, mostly wet and muddy, feet stayed nice and dry. I wish I would have bought a pair for myself. I didn't do so well.Those little guys never miss a puddle of water. Very satisfied, arrived quickly, priced competively. Ooorah.
B0014EE3N6 Durable but not comfortable I wrote they are not comfy but still gave them 4 stars because I bought them a half a size bigger (wearing 4.0, ordering 4.5)so I could get my comfy socks in them, which I recommend doing. I went on a hike the first day I've got them and they gave me no bruises and no pain whatsoever. Really durable and good looking, but not quite comfy. And being waterproof has a downside also, the foot sweats. Otherwise, I recommend these!
B0014EE3N6 Disappointed with Quality The Quality of this boot is the worst! "Timberland" Waterproof Boots!! The paint rubbed off the toe of my son's boots within two wears?  I bought them a half size too big so that he could grown into them, thinking they would last atleast two seasons and within three weeks the toes of the boot has crease marks across the toe!?
B0016JAJG4 very good Very nice shoes. Waterproof and warm. I would not recommend them in hot weather, but they are perfect for the cold summer evenings.My 18 months old likes to play with water and the only time these shoes got wet is when she literally just put her feet in a bucket.They are easy to wash and over time that unnecessary "timberland" ad on the front fades.
B0017009DU Nice looking shoes. I really like these shoes.  They are true to size.  I used them for hiking on dry day hikes.  I have not tested to see if they are waterproof.I have a different boot for rainy days and overnight hikes.  I would certainly buy again.
B001760K56 Love them but leather buckled and zipper broke These boots have served me well since their purchase last winter. Very comfortable and great to wear with skinny jeans or leggings.  Problem is, the leather along the top of the zipper along one boot started to buckle taking the zipper along with it, and it's only gotten worse, to the point that the zipper broke. Going to try taking them to the cobbler, but really doubt if the price of repairing them (even it it's possible to repair) will be worth trying.  I'm not sure what's causing this, esp. since it's only happened to one boot!  If it's water, I would have though it would affect both boots equally.  Besides, they are supposed to be waterproof.  If they can't be fixed, I'd still be tempted to replace them with identical ones and just try harder to keep them dry.
B001760K56 Comfortable, Practical and Great Looking I was going on vacation in Ireland and I needed something waterproof, comfortable, practical and looked good with pretty much everything. My goal was to only pack the bare bones. I found these and ordered the brown and black. They were the only shoes I took and I was so pleased. I walked all over Ireland, in the city, up the rugged mountains, countryside... rain and shine. My feet never hurt once and the never got wet. I absolutely love them. The only disappointment is that the left zipper on my brown boot keeps separating. I've been able to fix it, but it is still doing it. I would have returned them, but I had them broken in by this time and really didn't want to part with them. So it is a minor sacrifice.
B001760K56 Love these boots! I've had these boots since 2010.  I've hiked to the top of a waterfall in Yosemite with these boots, YES THAT'S RIGHT.  A 5 hour hike...IN these boots.  I know they're not hiking boots, but since I currently lack those, these were my go to considering they're waterproof, comfortable, warm.  I actually stepped in 5 inch rivers with these and my feet came out DRY!  Along with that, they are fashionably pleasing.  I've received many comments on them.  I originally got them as my rainy day boot.  After 2 years, the boots finally started to wear in and are no longer waterproof, they're also not as comfortable since water leaked in and flattened the cushioning.  But I guess that's what I get after all I've put them through!  Oh well, it was totally worth it.  The leather is buttery soft and the boots go very well with a lot of outfits.  This is the boot that has turned me on to Timberlands.  Timberlands = quality.  I got the brown, now I'm tempted to get the black!
B001760K56 All round great boots! This is my second pair of these boots in four years. Love 'em. Comfy right out the box, waterproof, hardwearing, and super cool looking. I get loads of compliments on them. I have walked all over the world in these...Spain, UK, USA, Japan etc. I wear them on my motorbike in all weather, PLUS I wear them out with short skirts & thick tights, or with tight jeans & rolled over sox. Smashing! Hope they never stop making these.
B001766HKI Great slippers for cold floors... These slippers are wool and the footbed inside is also wool so they keep your feet warm even on cold floors. The rubber goes up far enough that unless there is standing water, a trip to the mail box does not get you wet feet or wet slippers.
B0017ZL6HI nice waterproof boot I bought these for my 7 and 4 year old.  Nice waterproof boot for everyday use.  Neither one of them have complained about their feet every getting wet or the boot being uncomfortable.  I have noticed that while there are no shoestrings, they're still a little difficult for the 4 year old to get on because of the ankle height.  Other than that, no complaints, they are Timberlands after all...great quality, very rugged and are holding up well to the abuse of a 4 year old and 7 year old.
B0019QWG2O Cool boots!!!! I bought navy combination for my 2 y old. They look really good!!! They are lightweight, sturdy,waterproof, very well made. Because they are have rubber insole feet get cold in them ( it is almost the same like put rain boots in a winter). I put double layer of wool sock on my son and in hour or so his feet got cold.
B0019TVSA2 rugged everyday boot I bought these for my 7 and 4 year old. Nice waterproof boot for everyday use. Neither one of them have complained about their feet every getting wet or the boot being uncomfortable. I have noticed that while there are no shoestrings, they're still a little difficult for the 4 year old to get on because of the ankle height. Other than that, no complaints, they are Timberlands after all...great quality, very rugged and are holding up well to the abuse of a 4 year old and 7 year old.
B001AQY2LG high quality, waterproof, comfortable Nice chukka. Lightweight, waterproof, comfortable. A quality item.Runs large. I usually wear 13. In this boot, 12 fits.
B001B7FP60 Great for digging into water and snow!!! I got these in size 8.5 (I am usually a 9 in timberland shoes/boots) after reading previous reviews. It is true this boot runs 1/2 size large. Although with a thicker sock I guess your normal size will be ok as well.  I prefer the snug fit for this, especially since it's so comfortable.  But it all depends on your size. If you are a tight 9 in other shoes, get the 9.  I am a loose 9, so I got the 8.5.  BTW, I noticed less of lack-of-support above the ankle with the smaller size (I tried both the 8.5 and 9) when tightening the laces.Anyway, this boot is extremely comfortable for what it offers.  The inside is a very soft fleece-like material, and allows for wearing thinner socks and still be comfy and toasty at temperatures 10-30 F (I guess wearing thinner socks is a plus for those who change at work to sneakers).Evidently, there is really no break-in required. And you can walk and dig into water, mud, and snow as much as you like!!!  Waterproof :)  The boot does not get dirty easily, even when you try, and you can clean it with water in a matter of minutes.  Another thing I noticed is that the soles, while offering excellent traction in the above conditions, do not retain much dirt and can be cleaned very easily.All in all, while not cheap, this boot is a very good option for those who want a waterproof /mudproof /snowproof pair of footwear, that looks modest enough (all black, leather, not flashy), and is comfortable as a sneaker!
B001BFMZ74 It is not water proof I bought this Timberland boot under the understanding that it was water proof. Surprise!!!!!!!!!!! it is not. It isn't the kind of shoe that you would like to wear when you are counting on the fact that it is water proof and there is freezing rain that surprises you in the street and your feet get wet and frozen! So, if you are looking for a water proof chukka, this is not it. Style wise it was good, but the lace kept on getting loose. I do not recommend it at all.
B001EBA784 poor water-proofing I ordered these boots based on the rave reviews. I have to admit that I didn't realize that they featured toe protection. Fortunately, that doesn't make them overly heavy, so it was a nice bonus. In fact, I found the shoes quite comfortable. I've been wearing them 7-days a week for over four months now on our farm.There are a few problems with these shoes, however. The biggest for me has been a waterproofing issue. While the boot seems to be sufficiently waterproof below the tongue, the tongue is improperly designed for a "waterproof" boot. Any water that hits the tongue will run right down either side of the tongue and right into the boot - in fact, much of the tongue itself appears to be constructed of a porous material. I frequently wash off my boots at the end of the day and my socks get wet almost every time. I'm pretty surprised that no one else has brought up this issue. I haven't had to wear these out in a downpour yet, but I don't look forward to it.The tread of these boots is very minimal. It would probably be good for those working on a concrete floor or such, but it's poorly suited where good traction is important in more rugged outdoor environments.The super soft midsoles lack durability. Mine have nicks, cuts, and abrasions all over, which I'm not accustomed to seeing on former pairs of Timberland boots.I know I've focused a lot on the negative. I do agree that these are comfortable shoes; however, I felt it was important to bring up these points for your consideration.
B001EBA784 money well spent Got a good year and a half outa these boots.I work construction (bricklayer/welder) so am on my feet 8 hours a day in almost all weather conditions and terrain (no downpours and nothing below 27 degrees).The toe guard really protects well against abrasion and they proved to be very resistant against water.The leather stood up well to mud, mortar droppings, and metallic sparks (from cutting/grinding steel and welding). The fit is a bit snug, mens shoes are usually a bit loose on me, these were not. The tongue is a bit thick and doesn't open very far so wide feet will have a hard time getting into the boot. The insole did form to my foot very well, they went flat after about 8 months -- then dr. scholl's took their place.Very pleased with the outer sole, I have no worries that I'll lose footing when climbing ladders, scaffold, or towers-- have also stepped on nails and not felt a thing.Also, mud doesn't cake up around 'em like some other boots I've had.I would recommend these boots to anyone in the trades.
B001EBA784 good boot This is a very good boot. It has held up well so far. They arent quite as waterproof as I had hoped they would be. Also if you are a person who does not like to tie their boots every day you may want to consider a different option because these do not have the hooks that most other boots have.
B001EBJU82 Not waterproof The boots is comfortable but it is not waterproof. Pretty wet after a day in the snow. A bit disappointing
B001EBJU82 Made 2 B Abused. The Pro line from Timberland is geared to exactly that, the pros, but these boot and the 6" lace up version are extra tough. I've had them for over a year. They've been in a foot of dirty, salty Jersey snow, on job sites, in 2-3" of water...they've been put through the paces and my feet remained dry and comfortable. The "heel glide" strip makes for easier on/offThey're light for their appearance and broke in after a few days. I've had half a dozen pairs of Classic Timberland boots they are impossible to keep, even moderately, clean but THESE boots are ridiculously easy to clean thanks to the treated leather. The tips are worn but applying some shoe polish w/o buffing blends w/ the grain. The treads are at 40-50%. Long review short, the best work boot I've yet to wear.
B001EBJU82 Wonderful, Comfortable, Rugged I work on gas drilling rigs in Pennsylvania. Finding clothing and footwear that can stand up to the harsh conditions on the drilling pad is difficult. I have had a pair for about 6 months now. These boots stand up to the lime, salt, and mineral oil used in various parts of the process. They are completely waterproof without me ever having treated them. I recommend these.Update 12/22/2013I am still wearing these boots working in the PA and OH gas drilling rigs. They are mostly water proof (they are just beginning to seep a little water but when the water is 6" deep in my work area all 13 hours). They are still perfectly comfortable. The tread is finally beginning to wear flat under the ball of my feet. I am going to get a couple replacement pairs in the next couple of months.
B001EBJU82 Disappointed These boots are not as comfortable as the previous Timberlands I had. These do not have the Anti-fatigue insole and my back can tell after 14 hours walking a jobsite. I ordered a half size smaller than normal and still had room to put another cushioned insole and wear thick winter socks, so these things run very large compared to other footwear. Breakin time took about a week and I still have red rings around my legs where the top of the boots rubbed my shin and calf. On the plus side, they are tough and waterproof.
B001EWFEOK Gortex Timberlands I've had several pairs of Green Tongue Timberlands over the years, so I had high expectations for these boots. The military introduced me to the value of gortex. Squish the two together and you get almost what you would expect. These have a slightly different feel than the Green Tongues that I can't necessarily attribute to the Goretex, but they're very close. The Goretex does its job and keeps your feet dry. There's a small break in period, but I would and probably will buy these boots again. One odd thing I've noticed with these boots is if I take off running, the boot has a weird hugging effect that feels like pockets of air not breathing and shifting around in the boot. These are slightly warmer than your regular green tongues, but they are waterproof so you should expect that. I think they're good in most temperatures, probably above 75 degrees you'll want to switch to something that isn't waterproof but has drainage holes for water if you will be encountering any.UPDATE: I've now broken these boots in and they continue to wear well. I would say that unless you're definitely in an environment where you need waterproofing, you'll want to go with your other boots. Gortex is a "breathable" material, but it's like breathing with a cloth over your mouth. They tend to run hot, but they are otherwise comfortable.
B001EWFF30 Wet feet The boots are comfortable.They are water proof on the bottom half. The stching,lace rivits, and tounge all leak a little. The worst part is they allow no ventilation. After just a few hours my feet are soaked with sweat. I have never had this problem except with rubber boots or cheap boots.  This is my second pair of timberlands. The bottoms wore out fast on the first pair. And due to lack of ventilation / design these will be my last
B001EWFF30 These are great boots for they are light weight and very comfortable These are the lightest hiking boots I have ever owned. I like them. I have not walked through a mud puddle yet to see how waterproof they are yet. They are very comfortable  I am happy.
B001EWFF30 Lightweight and comfortable These boots are great.  They are lightweight, waterproof and comfortable.  Only had for a week so cannot comment on durability but construction appears sound and there are no defects.  The way the tongue is designed they are not waterproof past the midpoint of the ankle, but would only be a problem for immersion beyond that point.
B001EWFF30 Not waterproof, okay for light hiking in dry conditions This boot was waterproof for less than a year before I experienced a leak.  I used to be able to step into water that was a 1-2 inches deep with no problem.  But this past hike, water made it in quite easily.  I am very disappointed in the quality of this product.Aside from water, this is a good fair-weather boot.  It performs well in dry to mildly slippery conditions.  It does not have an aggressive outsole, so it does not have a lot of grip, and if you are going to be hiking in moderately slippery conditions or worse, it will not perform well at all. It took about 10 miles to properly break in.  Before it was broken in, the leather would press down onto my toes but afterward they became very comfortable.This is an okay boot if you're looking for something cheap to do a little light hiking in dry weather.  Otherwise, look elsewhere.
B001EWFFNK Great Hiking/Trail Running Shoes I Wear these boots every other time I go out for a trail run or a backpacking trip.  They're great shoes! Excellent support, comfort. Not particularly heavy for a boot. Most certainly waterproof.  I've hiking in downpours and never have my feet gotten wet.  I recently took them on a two day backpacking adventure at Mount Mitchell State Park (6,000+ elevation) and wetness wasn't an issue even though I was in the clouds the entire time.  Wet fog, rain and thunderstorms without any issues.Very comfortable from the beginning.Here's my thoughts....ProsBreathes WellComfortableDurableGood CushioningStableStylishWarmWaterproofConsNone yetBest UsesCasual WearCold WeatherTravelWet WeatherWorkTrail Running
B001FXZU92 Glued seam soles don't hold up I'm a huge fan of Timberland Pro boots and have owned three pair, however, the glued seams on the soles are not durable, and over a short amount of time begin to separate from the boot. A local boot shop told me they get a lot of returns of the glued sole boots because of this reason.  If the boot is not waterproof, water will infiltrate over the compromised seam and your feet will get wet. I'm in the market for another pair of Timberlands, and they will have the stitched welt, NOT the glued seam.
B001FXZU92 Timberland Pro 6" 52562. Great boot for the Pacific Northwest. I have a lot of boot experience from years in Naval shipyard work. I'm on my second pair of these boots. After a year off hard use, these boots have served me remarkably well. They were true to size, and fit comfortably out of the box with minimal break-in. Lace up is quick and easy due to the slick metal eyelets for the laces.As the title of my review says, they are a good boot for the Pacific northwest. They have been completely waterproof for me. I can confidently step in 4" puddles with these even after a year of use.There are always compromises with boots, tho. Due to the waterproofing, they don't breathe, so you have to air them out really well with the sock liners out after a workday. These are not a good boot for working in hot climates because of this.These boots are also not really well insulated for cold, but I just wear warmer socks in that case.As for wear, the internals are well intact, the sock liner still has cushion to it and the laces that came with it have no fraying. The sole is pretty much worn down after a year but I consider this pretty good because they are really grippy and any boot rubber degrades with repeated and prolonged exposure to oil like I see with my work. The rubber toe caps are nice addition and keep the toes in good shape.Overall, these are good boots especially in this price range.
B001FXZU92 Not so Good Wore these boots for about 4 months now and though they are comfortable while you stand, they are heavy as you walk.  Waterproof - Not this pair.  First time I had them in water, my socks were wet.
B001FXZU92 Impressed! These boots are great!  By far the best I have ever owned.  Iv had mine for 2 years now and im just Now getting to replace them and i will be buying another pair.  I usually wear out the toe in any other bots in less than 2 months... Its been 2 years and the toe on these are showing no wear. Crazy right?However they are very heavy.  I dont recommend if you have to do alot of walking at the job such as a hotel (personal experience)They work great for flood restoration as they are simi waterproof, is anything REALLY waterproof tho, and the metal plate is good so u dont put a nail through your foot!
B001FXZU92 Do NOT last long In 12 weeks I am already getting ready to send back my second pair.  These are by far the most comfortable boots I have ever worn, however the quality is terrible.  The soles split away from both pairs in the matter of days.  I will admit I am very tough on boots but these are WORK boots not casual boots.  As others have said, they are very heavy and that should be taken into consideration if you do a lot of walking like me.  These boots are also not for wet conditions.  They do not claim to be waterproof so I did not expect to stand in water and stay dry, but my feet have gotten wet from walking through puddles and even across wet lawns.  I will say I have never had a problem with the customer service in getting any of my Timberland boots replaced under warranty, although paying to ship boots back for the same problem gets old and expensive.  And to top it off they are made in china....
B001IK87MY Terrible fit, loose and too tight all at the same time. I love the way these look and that they're waterproof. But there's nothing else redeeming about them.I did my research and purchased these undersized&#8212;they were still way too big. Worse than just being too large, they also were too tight around the arch and ankle. They're just poorly built. I tried breaking them in, wearing thick and thin socks, putting different insoles in them, and nothing resolved these boot's terrible fit. They also seriously messed up my feet. They're stiff and loose in the heel and toe, slapping against the bottom of my feet whenever I took a step during casual walks---by the end of the day my shins ached like I'd been hitting the pavement after a marathon.  Putting insoles in them really messed up my right ankle. I would never, ever recommend using these for the purpose I bought them for: hiking. At best these are fashion pieces.I hated feeling like I wasted so much time and money in a pair of boots, but I bought something else and was infinitely more happy with my purchase&#8212;I just got done walking a day-long hike with them, something I could never imagine doing with my Timberlands. I will never purchase a Timberland product again and strongly encourage people to try them on first and really make sure they fit before ordering them online.
B001L1DBQC welder I'm a welder and I put these boots to the test everyday at work.  I put an insole in and it is really comfortable all day long.  I always get Timbs but this is the first pair of 8".  I really like them.  About one week break in but thats normal for boots that are going to last over a year.  The extra protection on the toe keeps them from wearing a hole when I'm on my knees a lot.  They are really easy to put on and take off thanks to the upper laceing hooks.
B001L1DBQC Once a great boot Edit 5/30/14If you read my earlier review you'll see that I really loved these boots. There were comfortable, waterproof, and durable. Unfortunately after about 4 months they have holes in them at the stitching.  One is on the top of the left boot and the other is a 2 inch blowout on the right side of the right boot. Would not stand by these boots any longer. Unfortunate they are no longer returnable.I have been using these boots for a few weeks now and love them. I work at a brewery and compared to other boots I have work they are much better.Pros:Extremely comfortable- can easily wear these for 8+ hours with no problems. The soles that come in the boot have a very high level of cushion.Waterproof- the leather holds up very well to water, which at a brewery you are constantly using and trekking through. My old boots would leak and I would have cold wet feet at the end of a day. That is no longer the case.No Slip- the traction on these boots is amazing. No matter what surface I am on I am always confident that I will not be slipping around.I have read that they fell heavy. I have not noticed this. My old boots felt heavier and slightly more clunky. These wear like a hiking boot that will withstand caustic chemicals, loads of water, kegs falling on your feet, and the apocalypse.Cons:Hard to list anyMaybe it's just me but sometimes the laces fall off the upper slots and cause the boots to loosen.
B001PBK87I Comfortable Most comfortable boots right out of the box that I have bought and I have bought quite a few different brands. Lighter than expected and waterproof. I will update after a few months but so far so good.
B001PBK87I NOT WATERPROOF!! These boots are definitely not waterproof. Within two days of receiving them I found out that even a light dew on the grass is no match for these boots... Very dissapointed with the boots that were supposed to be waterproof ...
B001PBK87I Timberland sucks! I have had several pair of Timberland Pro's and they all suck! They are not waterproof. I treated they daylights out of them with mink oil and they still leak. They are suppose to have gore-tex or some water-proof membrane but it does not work.Also the boots did not last more than a few months before the seams  began to open and the leather cracked. They were comfortable though. If you never go outside with them they might be o.k.. If you plan on actually using them to do real work, get something different.Go China!
B001PBK87I Love these boots Bought these boots on sale when I have been looking for them for a while. Didn't want to pay $120+ tho. They are great boots. Smooth leather uppers, not the suede buff stuff that is hard to waterproof without breaking down. I have had both and MUCH prefer the smooth leather boots.  Fits well, secure, the thinsulate lining keeps the feet warm. Durable Vibram soles and waterproof too. triple stictching where needed. The beauty of these is if the waterproofing ever falters, a coat of boot grease and either a hair dryer or a woodstove and we are back in business. A good boot which will last many years.
B001PBK87I Great boots Ordered these boot because my cheap walmart boots kept my feet wet even after treating them with water proofing wax.
B001PBK87I Nice Old School Boots for Mud Season In New Hampshire March means mud and standing water in the woods. I needed new boots to replace my old  leaky Brownings.I don't like rubber boots for hiking, I prefer leather. All eyelets are a bit of a pain but if you lace them right you can get proper tension over your whole foot.These boots are strong, and well built and finished and look good. Good arch support. So far they've been completely waterproof.To keep them waterproof I've been using AQUASEAL CREAM. Easy to apply and seems to be working.This pair is 10 1/2 and runs true to size. I usually buy cold weather boots 1/2 size larger than true to accommodate extra sock thickness. As these are transitional boots I bought them true to size. I'd consider going up 1/2 size and using socks and/or insoles to adjust interior volume. It's a borderline call and the reason I subtracted 1 star.Overall they're good solid boots well suited to my need. I expect they'll last a long time.
B001PBK87I good but not perfect.... this boots are veeeery confortable and they are waterproof but after wearing them for 6 months, they is water in my boots when i get them wet cause the right boot is not waterproof.... that is NOT OK.....!!!! and the internal lining is not that great eighter so they are not as durable as i thought...!!
B001RIYVT0 Awesome Boot This is one of the most comfortable and durable hiking boots I have ever owned. My wife found these believe it or not on a discount rack at a Marshalls for $69.00. I was skeptical when she brought them home but they wear like iron and are super comfortable. i have thrown everything at these, mud, snow, water and they do not leak. They have great grip. I almost fell over when i saw how much they were actually selling for at full retail. I must say they were the find of the year for me at that price. Someone really screwed up!! I would buy these at full price if you are an avid outdoors type.
B001RNOAUA Excellent hiking book for trail hiking This is a great hiking book for trail hiking.  It fit my feet well, the height of the boot works well for my ankles for movement.  The grips are good, waterproofing works well.  Most of all I can walk 5-6 miles and not have tired or beat up feet.
B001S5X31E damn fine boot loved these boots out on the rig!!! they stood the test of time and were comfie from day one.  if you are thinking about buying redwings then give me a call becouse you obviously are bad and stupid with your money.  Timberland Pro Titan boots stood the elements and rigers of ..... the rig.  mud....water.....oh so much mud and water!  snow.... and mud....and water and oil and cement and water and mud..... oh the mud!!!!!! location was f off for about two weeks and my feet not once got wet!!! loved these boots and if it werent for the lace ups ide be like all the others getting my boot stuck in the mud and my foot sliding out. BUY these boots!!! i freeking love them
B001S5X31E Bada$$ Boots 2nd to no1!! Titan is NOT a BIG enough name for these bad boys.. ZUES Series OR SPARTAN Series might be more accurate!! These boots are the best of the best, I put these to the test DAILY!! I work on a drilling rig (like armaghedon) and these boots take a beating EVERY DAY: wether it be Diesel Fuel poured on em, water, mud, metal shavings and shards, heavy equiptment running em over, 5,000lb steel tubing rolling up onto the toes, submerging them in 7-8 inches of water OR the constant pounding of my 6'3&#34; 325lb wrecking crew body smashing them down when i jump down from the rig onto: gravel, dirt, steel pipe, steel grates and everything in between they just keep on ticking! I've had them for 3months and they have yet to cause my feet/back pain! These Timberland Titan 10&#34; boots are as tough as the come, period!! I'll deffinatly be buying these in the future, when i retire this pair. Do yourself a favor and pickup these Diamonds in the Work Boot Rough!! You won't be dissappointed..
B001S5X31E Comfortable.  Not waterproof.  Not Durable.  Made in China? I absolutely loved these boots.  For about 6 months.  They are very comfortable and had almost no break-in period.  They seemed really durable, but I just noticed that the sole on the right boot is disintegrating, while the left boot is not.  These boots have never been subjected to chemicals of any kind.And after walking around in snow for the first time this week, I can tell you that they clearly are not even water resistant.  My feet were soaking wet and freezing cold after an hour of walking in the snow.  Waterproof?  Not even close!If you look at complaints about Timberland Pro boots, there are hundreds all saying the same thing.  Do not buy these boots.
B001S5X31E reviewing a pair now 2 years old, with medium wear a comfortable wear all day boot, have a 2 year old pair of identical boots that will now get all the abuse, these will be the go places pair.I have taken a couple steps in water deeper then I thought with old pair, the water was the over top,I keep my boots tied tight, my socks were damp a short distance down from wicking, my feet stayed dry.only thing I have had/seen issue with is the lining inside the boot shaft, it has pulled loose (unglued), it has not affected the comfort or performance, just have to loosen laces more to not pull lining any looser.more care/looser laces when removing boots may avoid this.I would have only knocked off half a star if it had been option.I have used Hubbards Boot Grease on all my boots for over 20years. helps flexibility and protects leather promoting longer life.
B001SARJXC Not as pictured or advertised These are not the same, updated version of the boot that Amazon claims they are.  If they were the updated, waterproof version of the boot, then they would say Timberland Waterproof on the sould of the boot, like it shows in the photos under the product description.  Instead, it only says Timberland on the soul. The boots also fit more loosely than the newer version does.  I'd return them if I could.
B001SARJXC Very satisfied , so comfortable. Had no problems the boots were very comfortable. The best part is that they are water proof, that for real based on my experience here in the northeast.
B001SARJXC WRONG ITEM - WHAT A MESS This item have a mark says waterproof but the item delivered doesn't have anything that says waterproof. Totally mess-up my purpose.
B001SARJXC GOOD QUALITY BOOTS I received these boots as a Christmas present and have only worn them once. These are my initial observations only...The boots are roomy,I wear a 10w and they fit like I've had them for years.I could easily wear heavy winter socks without them feeling too tight and that's a plus for me.They are not "dressy",more suited for casual wear.The leather is very soft,almost like a glove leather and the toe box is reinforced so it will keep its shape. The innersole is nicely padded and very comfortable.I can't say how waterproof they are,that remains to be seen.The soles and heals are rubber and made for traction on slippery days. All in all,I am very pleased but,as I said,I've only worn them once. If I had been asked to review them in a few months I may have given a higher or lower rating.
B001U89MO6 Love these! I love these boots.  I bought them for a ski trip to Colorado for around the town.  I was a little skeptical that they would be warm enough and waterproof since it is not one attached piece all the way around and since there is a side zipper.  I did not have any problems and they are so comfortable.  I received complements on them at the airport and around town.  Great boot!  Hope I will get some more chances to wear them.
B001U89OGM Frustrated and Confussed I'm not sure what to think about these Timberland Women's Mount Holly Waterproof Fleece-Lined Boots. Maybe I needed to get a size smaller (???) because as soon as I slipped them on and walked around the apartment I noticed that my heels rub against the backs every time I take a step. I tried wearing thicker socks but then the boots are too small and it still rubs. I believe this problem is due to the lack of laces, which was why they were appealing in the first place.I really want to go for a walk around the block with the dog, so I can figure out if the skin on the back of my heels will rub off or not. I'm really irritated by this. Winters almost here in MN and since these were a gift from my boyfriend, he and I would really be upset if I can't wear these without complaining. If I wore them outside they can't be returned. If I decide to take the risk of going for a walk to see if it will be an issue or not, either way I'll have to keep them. I predict if my skin doesn't rub off all the rubbing will definitely cause my socks to prematurely wear out which would be another down side of keeping them.I guess what I'm trying to tell you is that if you order these boots be 100% sure you know your size and have thick skin on your heels to boot.
B001UE714I Waterproof I bought them for my daughter. correct size. the description given false information. they are not Waterproof. feet got wet in the first snow. live in Russia, St. Petersburg. When the temperature - 10C, the daughter of his feet were frozen. fur only to the middle. on the foot no fur insulation.
B001VNCNBE Stylish, comfortable, casual boot This is a very comfortable stylish boot made of mostly recycled and earth-friendly materials in the Earthkeepers line. I've been wearing it for a week, and the leather feels soft and worn in nicely. The sole is actually leather (not wood) and rubber from recycled tire treads.You should also buy the wax protector because it helps make it water resistant. By itself, its not water proof, the rep said that's because waterproofing requires different non-environmentally friendly lining. Not sure I believe that, but I found the wax made it decently water resistant.
B0024MVAI8 Comfortable Boots They are a comfortable wear but they are NOT waterproof! I still absolutely love them and hope they will last like I need them to!
B00295RHNM Great boots Totally agree - buy 1/2 size larger than you normally wear.  These boots are so comfortable and waterproof as described.  Wore them dirtbiking through mud and deep puddles the first day and came home with jeans wet above the knees but feet and socks totally dry.  HIghly recommend them.
B00295RHV4 Comfortable & Waterproof! Ok, I have always liked the Timberland brand workboot for women.  I have been buying the Timberland Pro Titan for the past 8 yrs and I always love the comfort and lightweight.  My only issues with the Titan boots was they didn't last very long, easily scuffed & wasn't really waterproof..So, I decided to upgrade and get the women's waterproof ringmaster & they are the best! they still are lightweight & no more scuffs. Also, instead of using the spray to seal my boots I now use Sno-Seal Wax.  Much better product & it works wonderfully!
B0029XG3OS Great Safety Boots Safe boots to wear in the landfill dump where dangerous debris is everywhere.Water proof so my feet never get wet.  Fits well and comfortable all day and peace of mindmeans no worries.
B0029XG4MO Great boots These boots are great if you have heel spurs or any other related foot problems.  I am on my feet all day and they have been great.  They need to be sprayed with a water proof spray if you are in the water alot. which I am, other than that they have been awsome! Have not tried to walk on a nail yet to see if they are nail resistant.  They are the best anti-fatige boots i have ever have and will be ordering another pair.  Wish they had other styles in the anti-fatige sole.
B0029XG5YG warmest boot i have ever owned I bought these boots when i knew i would be spending alot if time standing in and on ice.  My feet and legs had no idea how cold it was outside.  the sharp ice had no impact on the outside of the boot either.  my feet were in a waterproof bulletproof coldproff comfortable place.
B002ASAJPG Great! I am a civil engineer and walk on many surfaces daily during my inspections. Concrete, mud, rebar, metal scaffolding, etc, this boot performs. They are waterproof, and I put mink on them every couple of months to preserve the leather and further waterproof them. The puncture resistant sole has saved me on more than one occasion. If you work outside I strongly recommend these boots.
B002ASAJPG 2 thumbs up I had bought these same boots a year and a half ago and it was time to replace them. They are a heavy boot but they are also very comfortable and can take a beating.
B002ASAJPG Definetly not waterproof or good with working hard period Definetly not waterproof or good with working hard period..I had to send it back once and after that i gave up and had to go to another place..it sucks my Husband loves the boots but they don't do what they are suppose to and we don't have money to keep buying boots every other month!!
B002ASAJPG great wearing boot These boots are very comfortable kinda of heavy but they are so comfortable you wont mind have wore them in the rain no leaks the only down side is they seem to make your feet hot but they dont sweat
B002ASAJPG great boots have bad feet , find timberland most comfortable ,plus their they are the best waterproof workboot I've wornThank you
B002ASAJPG FINALLY!! Product worth the price Most comfortable work boot  I've worn,saved my foot from a nail thanks to bottom construction of boot,truly waterproof,tad on the heavy side but considering exceptional quality I think the boots are worth the weight to foot support over lighter boots.
B002ASAJPG Love  the comfort but not the look of the CSA logo Just got my Timberland PRO Waterproof 6&#34; Work Boot Rancher Brown. They look great except for the CSA logo in the tongue.  The manufacture put the logo in the right boot visible under the laces but not the left.  This does not look right to me, I think it should be in both boots or not at all. Appears to be two different boots.
B002ASAJPG 30 Days Later - No Complaints I've worn these everyday for a month, both on my job-site & on weekends.  They are extremely comfortable, maintained their waterproof claim in 6 inches of wet mud, & haven't begun to wear down yet.  Also, the puncture protection plate saved me twice since I've had them.I ordered a 2E width because I don't like the steel toe rubbing my feet, and I haven't had a problem.  Just a thought.Highly recommended.
B002ASAJPG Great work boots I've had these for over 6 months now and i still really like these boots.  They are comfortable.  A little heavy, but that is what you get for such a comfortable boot.  The toe protector is great for when we are, what seems like all the time, on our hands and knees installing some kind of hard flooring.  I haven't had a chance to test the waterproof-ness of the boots, but they seam very water resistant.  Would purchase again.
B002ASAJPG Timberland PRO Men's Waterproof Boot The fit was good and they did what they were suppose to, they are waterproof. My husband is quite satified
B002ASAKN2 Comfortable Boot I had these boots for a week, so far they are great, very comfortable, waterproof and they look good.I really like these boots very happy got them.
B002ASAKN2 Great Boots so far Had boots about 3 weeks so far. Very comfortable and so far water proof. I work in a garage fixing cars all day exposed to all kinds of fluids and water daily.So far feet are dry. Sole can become slippery though.
B002ASAKN2 Not For the Weak at Heart These boots are fantastic.  Truly "WATERPROOF" by definition.  These boots are very comfortable, although I find them to fit small.  I usually wear size 11 in my Dr. Maarten's Industrial (before they changed/ruined the shape of that boot), and Caterpillar.  These Timberland Pro, I wear in size 12.  The Timberland insole is very, very comfortable, but I've added Dr. Scholl's Gel Insoles Industrial Grade, and now its ULTRA comfortable.I work construction in the tropics, and these boots have been through 12 hour days in mud and water, and my feet get home as dry as the Atacama Dessert.I'm buying a second pair right now, JUST BECAUSE they're pretty BadAss!This boot is made for serious conditions.  I've been abusing them for 3 months, and all they are is dirty; no signs of wear and tear otherwise.These boots keep my feet and back comfortable whether I'm walking all day over crushed rubble, rebar, or newly poured slab.The Timberland Pro is also CSA approved, so it has the steel plated sole to prevent nails and other things from making you paint the floors with your blood, so its also good for the painter's union.Great Boots.10 Stars!No, I do not work for Timberland; but had I the money, I'd quicker buy Timberland from satisfaction of these boots, than I would Remington for the MicroScreen shave.
B002ASAKN2 Hope this helps For the record, I want to state that I'm a material handler, that means a lot of walking, and a bit of climbing, a bit of going out in the snow/rain, whatever you can conjure up that a material handler might do, I do it.As far as quality, I bought these a few months ago wanting to give them a good beating at work to see how they held up. I tend to use my steel toe boots and tools while working which involves me kicking the ever loving crap out of things, using them to pry things etc. Not what boots aren't meant to do, still no cuts, still no stitching coming undone nothing.Waterproofing is as they advertised. I've stood out in puddles and in ankle deep socks and never got any water in them. Works great for when you have to be outside and don't want cold/soggy socks.Comfort. This is where the important part of my review sits. Keep note I gave it 4 stars because the boot does exactly what it's supposed to do, but the included sole they give you is pretty worthless. If you pull it out, it's cardboard thin in almost all directions. IF you're someone who's standing a lot, these boots are comfortable as all hell. It's like standing on clouds. If you walk at all, especially as much as I do, they killed my feet pretty quickly. I had to put some new insoles in the boot to make them comfortable to walk in. Even then it sometimes hurts. I wore them for about a month then threw them into the closet and wore my shoes again to let my feet heal a bit. Once I did that, I wore the boots again and have been much better.The problem with them for walking is the rear heal. Unless you direct your feet 100% forward (which almost no one does) they'll cause your foot to roll a bit causing you to walk a bit funny. They also don't bend very well so they cause your steps to kind of..uh...&#34;calop...calop&#34; if that makes any sense (just sound it out lol). This causes the front of your feet to kind of smack the ground. It took me a while to learn to how to walk again in these because it doesn't allow you to really walk naturally.I bought the boots for the main purpose they look rugged and were waterproofed. They aren't really meant for material handling obviously and that's on me. It doesn't affect how great the boots really are, considering how much abuse I'm putting them through, they're holding up great.I hope this helps.
B002ASAKN2 Great boots I wore timberland pit boss pros black steel toe boot for 10yrs and thought those were great boots tried these 3yrs ago when my back was bothering me more often then normal and WOW what a difference will never go back to the pit boss pros. They Fit well, feet stay dry from the water proof liner, feet don't sweat like they did in the timberland pit boss pros, my back doesn't get sore like it did with the pit boss pros, wear well, I go thru boots about every 10-12 months this will be my third pair and not my last, converted others at work into timberland pros endurance believers
B002ASANG6 4th pair I've owned I work in an industry where getting wet is expected, especially my feet. I stay dry as long as I don't get water above the tops. Also, I get over a year out of a pair typically, at which point I have worn the tread off of them, the leather is still in perfect condition. I had been buying them at Sears, as my wife works there and I get them discounted, but they quit carrying them and no longer had my size, so I turned to Amazon. As long as I can continue to get these boots, I don't even consider looking elsewhere.
B002KLI1AI Love these boots! These boots are great.  I hiked around Ireland, England, and Scotland in them.  After I broke them in (at home) they were really comfortable.  (I did have to walk in them a couple times for them to be comfortable.) They were waterproof and looked nice.  I was really happy with them.
B002NEG8QG like a glove! I have to spend long days standing and walking from one place to another and this pair of shoes do a great job, they really are confortable. Plus, they are waterproof!.
B002PSC4X6 Best waterproof hiking / trail / running shoes combo! Love the design and vibrant colour of this shoe - compared to all the other hiking/trail shoes out there that were either bulky or chunkyWanted a waterproof shoe with both hiking/trail and a running shoes to use after my trip. Bought this for hiking up the mountains in Sabah - the Goretex kept my feet dry throughout the rainy, wet and muddy 6 hour climb up the mountain.A bit on the stiff side in the beginning, but comfy after the 3rd-4th wear. It totally hugs the feet afterwards. It does run abit narrow in the toe area but my feet is small so that wasnt much of an issue for me.Although the sole grips well on hiking trails, it does seem to slip on wood boards / flat wet surfaces.Happy with my purchase and looking forward to future trails with this pair!
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot These are my second pair of Timberland boots, I got them in December, 2013, these are very comfortable and light weight, works well in the snow and rain. These boots are excellent for standing work and walking.
B002YOMJPY NOT WATERPROOF !!! As far as comfort these are a 5 star I will give them that. They are light and not stiff like most boots.  As far as the waterproof that they say they are. I give them a  0. They were waterproof for a day maybe 2 days at max and after that they leaked water around the toe area like every other boot I have. Very disappointed as far as that. They are comfortable boots and I probably would by again unless I found something that is actually water proof.
B002YOMJPY not waterproof I just got to test these out in wet weather and they failed. Both of my feet got wet. Not a good thing when they say they are waterproof. Unfortunently I cannot return them due to the 30 days has passed. Since both shoes are not waterproof I wonder if it is a manufacturing problem. On a bright note they fit very well and are comfortable.
B002YOMJPY not waterproof Although advertised to be waterproof they are not . I work in a prison and have not even worn in rain yet , just the dew from the grass as I do my perimeter checks gets my socks wet . Maybe thats why they are so cheap.
B002YOMJPY Nice Boot Bought it for riding my motorcycle. Feels good.  Laces are a little problem staying tied. Waiting to get caught in the rain to see how water proof they are.
B002YOMJPY Awful There is  nothing i liked about these boots they  were very uncomfortable, not waterproof and after only one day of wear they look really run down
B002YOMJPY Nice boots. Great price. These boots are comfortable and light weight. They fit my feet well. Haven't put them through the waterproof test yet. They did get good reviews on being waterproof though. I've only been wearing them for a week, but so far so good.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable, waterproof Pretty comfortable, matches photos and descriptions.So far waterproof after a few snowy and rainy days. Happy with the fit.
B002YOMJPY Super comfort but not waterproof or durable! I thought these boots were very comfortable and had a lightweight feel.  They were easy to pull on and lace up.  They were not waterproof at all, even with repeated applications of spray waterproof-er.  I didn't feel they were very durable as they completely wore out in less than one year with the upper leather pulling away from the glued on sole.  They were okay for the price but I would not buy them again.
B002YOMJPY good Boots! I really love this brand and I think they are a smart purchase. Haven't checked if they really are water proof but I'll have to take'em hiking to be able to review about it!
B002YOMJPY Not Great I have been wearing them for 2 weeks. They are loose. They chafed my legs until sore for the 1st week and a half and still do some. They are not waterproof they are water repellent to a degree. OK grip
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot,Black,9.5 M US They're very light, and don't tire my feet after having been on them all day. Will buy again next year.
B002YOMJPY Nice! So happy to find some boots that are comfortable, waterproof, aren't too heavy, and don't get smelly!  My husband spends a lot of time outside, walking through slush.  His other boots would get wet and smelly.  These he finds very comfortable, breathable and they stay dry.  Well worth the price!
B002YOMJPY Excellent boot. Light weight, waterproof, comfortable. I selected the wider option because my feet instep is often too tight with ankle boots  .
B002YOMJPY Comfortable, stylish, and hardly any break-in period I have worn these boots every day for one week, since they were delivered. I'm a size 12, and they fit well with regular socks on. Although I haven't tried yet, I'm sure they would be fine with thicker socks as well.These boots are comfortable. I did experience some soreness in the upper heel and the tops of my feet, but they caused no blisters, and the pain went away after a few days. So basically, they only took a few days to fully break in.They are warm and water proof as well. The cold and wet weather that the east coast has been experiencing has been a good test for them, and they have definitely stood up. I experienced drastically reduced slipping on ice, when compared with regular sneakers.It has only been a week, so I can't really report on their long-term durability yet. But I will update my review at the end of the winter, and after I've taken them on some decent hikes. I fully expect them to hold up to just about anything I throw at them.And finally, the black versions of these boots look good enough that they can be worn with business-casual pants to the office. When I had my beat up old light tan Timberlands, I always needed to bring my dress shoes in a bag with me to work. Not anymore, because I just spend the whole day in these.3/6/14 Update:I have continued wearing these boots regularly, and they have been fantastic.  My only complaint about them is that they squeak!  It's always a little embarrassing to walk through a silent row of cubicles with squeaky shoes.
B002YOMJPY Darn fine boots The guys and I went hiking over the weekend, so I bought these boots to replace my old ones. I&#8217;ve got nothing but good things to say. They are sturdy, they fit me just fine and they really do keep the water out. My buddies had wet socks but mine were dry as the noonday sun.
B002YOMJPY real water proof boota! It is realy a pair of water proff boots. I like it. What is more it is easy to clean
B002YOMJPY Surprisingly light with a rugged sole This waterproof hiking shoe is lightweight and has aggressive treads for mountain day hikes. I climbed Bear Mountain near Fort Montgomery, NY on Thanksgiving Day 2013 wearing these boots. The challenging granite steps and fall leaves were perfect conditions for this boot. My feet were dry after hiking through snow, ice and puddles at the base. I will continue to buy this product as an all purpose hiking shoe.
B002YOMJPY Not a waterproof boot! Bought this for waterproof,has a label too.But it is not a waterproof boot. so if you looking for waterproof boot dont go for this.
B002YOMJPY Heavy Duty The perfect shoe for me. It's waterproof, it's an ankle boot and it supports as much as i weight. The sensation of stability gives you the confort you need. I wear them every day.
B002YOMJPY Excellent waterproof boot. The fit is perfect.  They look great.  I would recommend them to everyone.  Walking in water will never frighten me again.  Bring it on puddle!
B002YOMJPY Seems to be a good boot. I've only worn these about 4 or 5 times so far, but they're comfortable and waterproof which is what i was looking for.  Plenty of room in the toe area, might be a little too much for some people but it fits well for me.  Would buy again.  If anything catastrophic happens, like they fall apart or break, I'll update this review.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable boots Boots arrived on the date expected. Right out of the box they fit great.  I wore them on a 4 mile hike yesterday and the boots felt fine the whole time.  I was a little worried about how they would feel because I've had a problem with the arch of my left foot in the past, but it turns out there was nothing to worry about.  Because they are waterproof, you may find that your feet sweat a bit more, as I did, and my feet felt kind of hot, but that's not too unusual with boots.  When I need to replace these, I will come back to this product.UPDATE:  I just wore these boots on a 3 day, 12 mile (one way) trip into the Sequoia National Park and they were great.  However, they are not completely waterproof, as water can get in over the tongue of the boot.  They are very good for walking through water a couple of inches deep, though.  Very comfortable, still a 5 star rating, and I would still buy them again.
B002YOMJPY I decided to give these a chance at the $63 price points. Ok so far I have not bought Timberland boots in 15-20 years.  I decided to give these a chance at the $63 price points.I wear 9.5 and 10 for most brands.  I ordered the 10 and they fit.The soles seem to have Ok grip for the Chicago winter streets.  (The main reason I stop buying Timberland was the soles had no grip at all on wet tile.)  Ok, so far with this pair.The black color makes it harder to tell I am wearing boots at work.Water proof? Have not had them long enough to sayWarm enough for coming and going in a Chicago winter. I do not work outside.
B002YOMJPY Excellent for work or hiking! I had originally purchased these for hiking. They are so comfortable, I purchased a second pair for casual. When I'm hiking and it is raining, it is great not to have wet feet! I have had for several months and they are still holding up nicely.
B002YOMJPY These boots are awesomely comfortable and light I love these boots!I've had a pair for almost 3 years now and I wear them almost daily in an office setting plus regular walks with the dogs, occasional hikes in the woods and yardwork on the weekend although I try to leave really messy stuff to a dedicated pair of work boots. After three years the tread is getting pretty thin and the toe cap on one of them popped loose (apparently I'm hard on the toes of my shoes on one side) but the uppers are still in fantastic shape and clean up very nicely. I glued the toe cap back down and replaced the insoles and expect to get a lot more use out of them now although I'll be replacing them with another pair soon for daily wear - I'll make these my garage/car-work pair.I was looking for a light-weight and comfy, waterproof, all-black tactical or hiking boot to replace the tennis shoes and heavier, clunkier hiking boots I'd been wearing. These things are amazing - the fit and feel like a pair of tennis shoes on your feet and weigh almost as little as them too - I can literally play tennis in them. The waterproofing is great although the are only a mid-ankle boot and the webbing on the tongue doesn't quite go all the way to the top so if you splash around too much, water will eventually get in the top. I was expecting to use these to supplement my tennis shoes for regular wear but they are so comfortable and good looking that I ended up wearing them almost all the time instead. I cannot overstate how comfortable these boots are.I normally wear size 14 US shoes and these in a 14 fit me dead on.I would highly recommend these If you are sensitive to heavy shoes and need a hiking boot and/or something waterproof, or if you are in a service industry where you might normally wear black tennis/walking shoes.
B002YOMJPY Only water proof on a dry day! Bought them for the winter and they didn't hold off the cold moisture at my toes...That defeated the whole purpose of buying these supposedly waterproof boots. Plus when the moisture gets down into the sole of the boots they squeak when you walk until the moisture dry out of em. However, these boots get three stars for style at least!
B002YOMJPY Very comfortable, but not entirely waterproof These shoes are so comfortable and easy to slip in and out of that I hate to say anything bad about them. But I bought them to keep my feet dry, and they're not completely successful in that department. Walking around town on wet and slushy sidewalks, after a few hours I was surprised to feel dampness creeping in through the soles.
B002YOMJPY Awesome boots, great quality. These are really affordable high quality hiking boots. They fit perfect (if you order the correct size). They're lightweight and feel extremely durable. They are water resistant but I wouldn't trust them to be completely waterproof (Although that is only a guess I cannot confirm nor deny they're proofing ability).
B002YOMJPY Great Buy! My boots are great and they were delivered on time. If  you work on your feet or do a lot of walking these are the boots for you! I do a lot of walking at my job inside and outside in cold a sometimes wet weather and because of these boot I never have to change my footwear.
B002YOMJPY Completely Waterproof as advertised. Completely Waterproof as advertised. My husband loves them. It's been a longtime since we have been able to find a pair that actually are waterproof for this price. We'll def. be buying more as long as the cost remain reasonable.
B002YOMJPY Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot,Black,9 M US I really like the comfort of these boots. I bought them to wear because they are water proof but have yet to try them in wet weather. Also seemed good to wear while riding atvs. But so far I am very happy with purchase.
B002YOMJPY Good boot so far. I work outdoors doing stream restoration, herbicide applications, etc. So I needed a boot that was tough and waterproof.I first ordered the 9.5 but had to return because they were quite large (even though I usually wear 9.5). I have the size 9 now. These boots are very comfortable and work well under wet, cold, and rough conditions. I already have a few scratches and stains on them but thats because of the nature of my work. I have only had them a few weeks, but they seem to be a great pair of boots for outdoor work and hiking. They provide good ankle support and have nice grip. The second day I wore them I sank down almost to the top of the laces in mud and water, but I stayed dry.I rated a 4/5 only because I dont know how long they will last (although they seem they will last a long time). Also, there are always improvements to be made to anything.EDIT:I was working last week out in the snow and in a stream once again. The boots were waterproof up to this point, but that day my feet were soaked. I dont know if they became to saturated, snow got in my boots somehow (unlikely), or what. I didn't treat them with any mink oil or anything, but I just did and we will see how they hold up.Also, these round laces untie frequently throughout the day.
B002YOMJPY Not actually waterproof The whole reason that I got the boots in the first place was because I work at an outdoor job, doing landscaping for 40 hours a week.  The boots were obviously not breathable (which was fine) which obviously made my feet sweat which I also expected.Taking all of that into account, any time I came into contact of more than 3/4 inch of water, my feet got wet.Amazon was great, and returned them well.I was sad though, because I really wanted to keep them.
B002YOMJPY Stay away Your feet will freeze in these and they are not waterproof at all my feet get wet every day just walking in 2 in of snow
B002YOMJPY Waterproof in puddles Put it to the test during the recent snowmelt; walked through puddles 5&#34; deep without getting feet wet. Let's hope they last a long time.
B002YOMJPY Timberland boots as described. Waterproof so far&#62;  Great support and foot position.  Spend a lot of my day standing, getting pain in ankles and really comfortable so far.  Only criticism is tong material very creased and folded on arrival.  Not showing signs of coming out with wear.  Not uncomfortable but a little unsightly.
B0034G558E So pretty! I got this as an addendum to my winter boots collection. I have not ended up wearing it as much as my other pair (which is waterproof). This one I do have to waterproof it myself. It looks lovely and the color is very close to the picture. The leather does get scratch marks pretty easily, so I guess it adds to the character? They are beautiful and very comfortable (I wear them with Dr. Scholl's Tri-Comfort insoles.)
B0035LD1N4 Fantastic! I was a bit concerned before I got these because this is supposedly a hiker boot and my previous experience with hiker boots has been bad (too stiff for my taste).  And I am generally a sneaker guy. But these boots really blew me away.  They are extremely comfortable (the black/brown leather more than the wheat), true to size, and you can wear them everyday, for work or fun. They are water-resistant, and look rigid enough.  Did I mention "extremely comfortable"?! Five starts for Timberland here!
B0039ZD3MK SOLID boot, great for work, would not use hiking I've now had this for coming on four or more months.  I really enjoy the boot for everyday banging around in and going to work, very solidly built and comfortable to wear. For urban settings and work, I feel this is a great boot.  It can be heavy after a while, so if you do a lot of walking your dogs will feel it be the end of the day, except that the footbed makes it so your feet DO NOT hurt after a long day - they are just that comfortable.As for hiking, I've decided to get a lighter weight pair of boots for hiking.  I've got some hikes planned for this summer, and I am dreading the thought of lugging this boot with me.When they said this is NOT waterproof, they meant it.  I went for a walk in the rain with the dogs recently - it was an extremely heavy rain - and sure enough the water did come into the boot.  Not right away, but in the amount of rain I was in I would have expected it to last longer.  If you want waterproof, this is not the boot for you.  But the other Timberland Pro models are excellent waterproof boots from my friends experience of 3+ years with his pair.Summary - great boots for work and banging around in. Feet are well protected and safe.***One year review follow-up.  Still wearing these 3x week and they have held up well.  I've not really put much of a beating on these yet, but regardless I'm usually pretty rough on any boots I have.  Pleasant to wear in cool Tennessee weather but not insulated enough to spend long periods in sub 30degree weather.Overall after a year I'm still pretty happy with these for banging around the house/yard/office.
B0039ZD3MK Best Work Boot (but not for hiking.) I am going into my 2nd winter with these boots. I have large-wide feet, plus I sometimes get swelling in my feet. I do a lot of driving and standing. These boots always feel great to work in.One notable exception. I would not want to do a lot of walking in these boots. They feel like a Cowboy Boot to walk in, which is not a walking shoe.But these boots are great for situations in work or play where you want a safe boot, but don't plan on doing any trail hiking.In reading the previous reviews, I saw where one person complained about the boot not being waterproof. I figure that when a manufacture marks these items as waterproof, it is a theory. Not a fact. The 1st thing that I do with shoes, coats, and hats, (and tents and sleeping bags) is spray them with a water resistant sealant. It helps to make or add additional moisture protection to them. I have never had any problems stepping through water with these boots.(Additional Note. My shoe is a size 13 W. That size does not seem to offered on Amazon any more. At this point, this is the only shoes that I have ordered through Amazon which has fit my feet.)
B003A4V78C Overall Great Shoes They fit will, are durable, and look good. Completely water proof. Only complaint is they're a little squeaky when wet.
B003A67X5G Timberland Pro boots The Timberland Pro boots fit pretty good,the only draw back I don't think they are waterproof .I had some water splash on them,they looked pretty good after,but physically have not ,been out in the rain to see how they will hold up.
B003A6J1NS Awesome steel toed boots This will be my second purchase on these boots size 14-EE, I bought a pair last winter and yet like most good steel toe boots. You got to change em out or your feet will just stink.I'm good for a minimum of 2-3 pairs of steel toed boots a year for my line of work which involves being on the deck of a ship 12 plus hours a day and working offshore while I'm doing it. I have been through the thick and thinAnd with these boot's and I will tell ya they're grrreat! Comfortable" Oh ya you know it. The insoles that come with them are replaceable and there's plenty of room for another set. The boots are water resistant not water proof.But a quick spray of sealer, or you can use WD-40, Oil, leg grease you name it, if it prevents water put some on this boot. It'll help if you plan on standing in 6" inches or more of standing water like I do all day.No boot is perfect for water proofing but any boot can be water proofed. I rate this boots to be five stars, It's a good set of boots for the price and wont let you down, Its got a really good comfort factor in that it fits just right for the bigger foot.Again I work offshore on plat forms and ships on mostly steel surfaces that can get pretty wet. These boots will get the job done, they wont last for ever but they will work comfortably under heavy conditions for a minimum of 6 months. RememberI put mine too hell and back and they're still rocking fine. I just want that new smell that allows a lets say "A better smelling foot" Just like buying a new car, new paint and a new smell.
B003AZZJYY Good one 13th is half size large (13th  Timberland Mens Euro Hiker half size small for my legs)Very comfortable and light weigh.Removable insole without supporting.Width increases with the sizes, so 13 is`t too narrow - it`s medium.If your leg is wider, look other brands like Clarks.For active wearing, not every day."Gore-Tex fabric is a thin, micro-porous membrane that contains nine billion tiny pores per square inch. These pores are much smaller than a droplet of liquid water but much larger than a molecule of water vapor. Thus liquid water cannot pass through the membrane, but moisture vapor can. The Gore-Tex membrane is laminated to the inside surface of high-performance fabrics like nylon and polyester to create waterproof, breathable boot. Gore-Tex keeps the rain, snow, sleet and splashes on the outside, but lets the sweat and body heat trapped inside your footwear get out"
B003BLPA00 I LOVE THESE..NOT SURE MY  6 YEAR OLD DOES I absolutely LOVE the appearance of these boots!  I got them at an awesome price and they look GREAT!  I have to honestly say I don't think my son loves them near as much...But it's hard to tell with a six year old.  He says they hurt his shins just wearing them around the house to see if they fit. I don't know if that's to be expected with boots that go that high anyway or if he just has unrealistic expectations i.e.; wanting a tennis shoe comfort.  I may regret it, but we kept them anyway.  We don't get a lot of snow or rain in Oklahoma (that's planned for) to have truly given them a try outside yet... we shall see.. They may end up being the type that I tell him to wear to the bus stop and then take off once he's at school. But.. HE WILL HAVE DRY FEET.UPDATE: I bought these after a wet winter and we have had a dry one now. In a pinch, they are a little too small this year but it was really wet and briefly snowy before it quickly melted and I had my son put these on without socks since they are are little small this year.. TOTALLY WATERPROOF!!!! Without socks for a quick run down to his friends down the block....Truely  waterproof!!!
B003ELOYEA Given; not received. After going nearly out of my mind to buy the right winter pair of boots, I came across these.  These proved to be a good choice.  I nearly purchased Uggs, but Uggs are not for terribly cold and WET conditions.  These Timberlands have style and warmth and are better for wet and cold weather.  However, they are not for my feet but for the feet of my niece; otherwise, I would have likely slapped on another star.  She was quite pleased, and, therefore, so am I!
B003ELOZSU very very very very disappointed I got these boots because they claim to be waterproof. I was in the states a few months ago and I decided to get these for the very wet winters that I have where I live. Water seeped into these boots and it is as if I am wearing only socks outside. I can't even return them anymore because its too late and I don't live in the states. If you are looking for waterproof boots DO NOT GET THESE!!!!
B003ELOZSU A worthwhile investment These boots are everything the glowing reviews say--super warm, waterproof, durable, awesome-looking. I feel like I can take on the world when I wear these! They have a bit of a combat boot look. I recommend YouTubing a review of these boots to see how they look on someone. I imagine they'll last me several years/ winters.My only complaint is how much of a hassle they are to put on and take off. Because of the rubber duck part around the foot, it's quite rigid around the foot and is a bit difficult to shove my foot in or take it out. It's a trade-off of course, because that rubber part is what makes the boot so solid and waterproof. These boots aren't really for everyday winter use, they're more for actual winter weather. But I have no complaints about how they look or their construction. I spent a long time reading reviews before I decided on these, and I'm sure it'll be an investment I don't regret!
B003NUR4P8 Nice boots, but sole not that comfortable The first day I got these boots I put them to the test. I stepped in mud all the way up to the 2nd buckle, no leaks to the inside. I then hosed them off and everything washed of and still no leaks to the inside, shoe laces were drenched though(waterproof). Next day I went up into the attic and stepped on a couple nails, they didn't go through, I also didn't apply my full body weight, but a good 3/4 of it. The shoes have nice "ladder lock" when I was going up the ladder I felt a better grip. I saw  an oil spill on my neighbor driveway, and decided to walk on it and see the grip. Nice grip, but NOTHING can stop the slip of nice oil stain. It gripped decently, but there was some slippage nothing drastic though. Was like a puddle of oil to be fair to the shoes. (neighbor can't change car oil very well apparently)Now for the reason I took a star off. These are NOT the most comfortable shoes. The inside sole could be softer, but there is enough space to add a gel sole, which will definitely help. What you CANNOT remedy is these shoes get pretty warm inside. My toes were not liking it. Now if your used to shoes/boots then you might disagree. I wear sandals 70% of the time.Other then that these boots are good for heavy-duty work. My Step-Father has these and he said one of his cows stepped in his toe while wearing these boot, and he his foot was fine.
B003NUR4P8 not the boots are not water proof my husband ist a landscape man and his feet got wet .stop advertising as a water proof boots and very expensive for that kind of boots that  are not water proo
B003OBZT3A Warm, comfy, good-looking These boots Surpassed my expectations for comfort -- the pile lining is warm and cushions the foot inside the boot. I'm on my feet all day, do a lot of walking over uneven terrain and take a long walk when I get home in the evening -- these boots feel great all the way!I'm skeptical about any so-called waterproof leather boot, but so far these have kept my feet dry.I work as an estate gardener and my work boots take a lot of abuse from water, dirt, dust, fertilizer and more. These boots are almost too nice for my purposes. I ordered the boots online and thought the lower part of the boot was rubber, as it is on other duck boots. For practical purposes, I wish the toe and lower section of the boot were rubber. I cant walk across the lawn in the morning without getting the toes of my boots wet. Throughout the day, I find myself constantly stopping to wipe water splashes off my toes.  I also apply a light spray of silicone waterproofing every night after taking the boots off.
B003TYIH6S waterproof boots the waterproof boots are and arrived, just as advertised.  They look and feel authentic. I admit some time you are apprehensive about purchasing shoes online, but when i received my boots i was so pleased. Great buy!
B003UFJCP6 Great boot for many activities! I love these Timberland boots! For me, they are a perfect compromise between style and function. While I like my hiking boots, they are not very stylish so I prefer to wear these boots for walks in the woods and still get the traction I want. The ankle support is good, but of course I would wear my hiking boots for serious hikes (as these are not made for that purpose anyway). Decently waterproof, though I've sprayed mine now. The footbeds felt a bit funny at first, but seem fine after they are broken in. All around great shoe!
B003V9A47Q They work. I bought a pair of these boots a couple years ago. I moved from sunny southern California to Flagstaff, AZ for school. In winter, Flagstaff, despite being in Arizona, has a high of roughly Antarctica and a low of roughly Pluto so I needed something more substantial than my Converse and flip-flops. I found these boots at the local shoe store, tried them on, and bought them. These boots served me very well trudging reluctantly through rain, snow, and ice. They are not waterproof but I was only affected by this while walking through a foot of snow for roughly an hour. Basically, don't go swimming with them. I have since moved back to California where I have worn these boots hiking through a rock quarry, removing tree stumps in the mud, and on trips to Home Depot so I felt a little more manly. They have held up superbly.Pros:+Comfortable+Sizing seems about right+Tougher than beef jerky+In a fight between a grizzly bear and these boots, I think the boots would winCons:-Again, not waterproof. They're not advertised as being waterproof but I don't have much else to put here.-They do not cook you dinner. This is also not an advertised feature, but I think that would have pushed this review from 4.0 stars to at least 4.2 or 4.3, depending on the quality of the dinner.
B003VMUFCC A great boot for a killer price Wow!  For $65 this is a no-brainer.  I hiked a weekend of the Long Trail, and I'm planning to hike the whole thing next year with these boots.  They are totally waterproof thanks to Gore-Tex; however, it isn't as breathable as other boots, so your feet will get a tiny bit wet from sweat if its a hot day, or humid.  Also if its raining and you step in a puddle, then your feet might get a little wet.  I have size 11 feet; I got size 11 and they fit me perfectly.  Buy these!
B003VMXSJ4 Nice shoes, but narrower than expected After reading reviews and considering several pairs of shoes, I decided to purchase the Timberland Chocorua Trail low hiking boots to replace a pair of Merrell Moab waterproof hiking shoes I had bought more than two years before.  Timberland sells quality shoes and boots and has some of the best-designed outdoro footwear I've come across.  I also like that the company practices sustainability, using recycled materials in much of its packaging.Before ordering I measured my feet, using Amazon's sizing chart to select the size of boots most appropriate for my feet.  When the boots arrived and I first tried them on, I found them somewhat more snug than expected.  However I didn't think anything about it, as new shoes and boots tend to have a &#34;breaking in&#34; period of wear before they're most comfortable.  Unfortunately I was only able to wear them for one evening before experiencing pain on the right side of my right foot.  After a couple days, I switched back to wearing my old Merrell shoes when the pain didn't subside.When my foot pain didn't go away after more than a week, I scheduled a doctor's appointment.  My doctor said that the pain could have been caused by the tight boot squeezing my right foot and causing one of my toe bones to fracture.  I hadn't even considered this a possibility, as I had ordered the boots based upon measurements of my feet and the shoe sizes and widths I usually wear.For the time being, I'm still wearing my Merrell Moab waterproof hiking shoes (they are more spacious, comfortable, and well-worn).  My Timberland low hiking boots have been sitting in my bedroom floor for nearly a month, as I wait for my foot to heal.  I'm not yet sure whether I'll keep or resell them, but I want anyone considering a purchase of these boots to know that they may be narrower than expected!
B003XHH0W8 insole trouble Great boot!  Be careful buying online.  I like this boot well enough to have purchased two pairs previous to these.  The fit was great, loved pull on design, and they are waterproof.  The problem with the pair purchased from Amazon was that the left boot had a right insole in it.  I comtiplated a return but really needed the boots immediately.  I simple took the insole out of one of my previous left boots and things have been good.  Of course this is not a good situation for someone who does not have previous boots of this type.  Also something to consider is that the insole/sole design make the boots near impossible to be resoled by local cobbler or change the insoles for a new custom insoles.  I have had one previous pull-on strap also break on me.  I wear these to work everyday five to six days a week on concrete floors and asolutely love them.Pros;great fitlookswaterproofpull-on designvery durable and toughCons;Bad quality controlpull-on strap breakscannot not resolePS  if anyone out there recieves a right boot with a left insole I have your insole&#8230;good as new!
B00411U7XO Best boots !!!!!! First Timberland I buy ... and I love them !! there are not too heavy, they are strong, looks nice, waterproof, I recommend if yu work professional !!
B0041GEY1U Huge disappointment Bought these as vegan waterproof work boots, they turned out to be none of the above. They aren't comfortable, the seams rubbed my ankles bloody, even after breaking them in they're terrible to walk in. They aren't waterproof, even in light rain my feet get wet. The soles are dangerously slippery on metal and smooth concrete surfaces. After 3 weeks of wearing them while putting them on the cuff ripped out on the left boot, already falling apart. You'd be better off getting 30 dollar boots from wal mart. Avoid
B0049N0O1Y Super boots They took about two weeks to break in, but are very comfortable now. I can testify, they are as water-proof as advertised. So far they look and feel robust and durable. Traction on slippery surfaces is much better than any pair of hiking boots I ever had. I've tried them on the motorcycle and I'm riding in them ever since. I was looking for a pair of four season boots and these are it. The zips are nice. The threads are very stubby, so they pick up and store mud like crazy, but that's about the only "negative" I can think of.They are worth every penny!
B0049N3S58 Timberland Pro Valor 6" soft toe workbook in black I love the Timberland brand name in boots. I am familiar with the quality and these surpass it as expected. They were delivered on time and are so light and comfortable to work in because of the fatigue factor that these possess. The leather has been treated to be waterproof and so far they keep my feet dry in wet weather. My #1 choice in a boot is always a Timberland and they have not failed me yet both in size and quality. They are tops!
B004H9381I These Timbs are PRO I required new boots for work and I needed something nonslip and leather and ended up finding these in a store for $30 more than here. Found out what size i needed and purchased them. First day or two there were a little bit stiff but i figured they would losen up and conform to me feet. They are the best boots I have ever owned. Very comfortable and warm but still breathe. I didn't know if there were waterproof or not but I had them walking through water and soaked all the way up and they stayed very dry inside. Have only had these boots for a few weeks now but after wearing them every day I have nothing bad to say about them. Overall: Smart purchase, very comfortable, warm, good value.
B004J2HSIC Great, for a while... I got these boots several months ago and was thrilled at first with them. They are great, really comfortable and waterproof. The problem came after about a month and a handful of hikes the side seam blew out about 3 inches down the side, leaving a massive hole in the side that any water at all just runs right into. After a round of Gorilla glue and another week of hikes the laces cut themselves on the metal eyelets.
B004J2HSIC Perfection Purchased for a fishing trip to Canada 1 year ago. Hiked through deep water and marsh clear up to the top of the boots, and they stayed 100% dry. Traction and ankle support perfect, and I put them trough hell. So comfortable that I still wear them every day, even a year later. Best money you will spend.
B004J2HSIC Incredibly comfortable boot. This is my second pair of Timberlands. These boots appear heavy, but are not. They are well built and offer great ankle support. (Something I really need) I don't just wear them for hiking, but for every day use at work. A great many boots boast of being waterproof but fall short of letting you step in a creek and coming out dry. These boots ARE waterproof. Great product.
B004J2HSLY great shoes for winter months very well constructed an comfortable - waterproof - i like putting thin layer of mink oil every 5-7 wearings to keep them looking new
B004J2PCHG Timberland Men's Rime Ridge Waterproof Boot,Brown ,9 M US Love them!!!!!!!! They look really good with jeans and past the test here during this last winter in Chicago. I'm looking for a long life on this boots!!!!!
B004J2PCHG sewcrazygamble@zoomtown.com Purchased the boots for my son who works in landscaping and has to be out in the cold and wet in the fall, winter and early spring. He started wearing the boots about a week ago and told me that he had absolutely no problems with the boots. He didn't even have to give them a "break-in" period. He was able to wear the boots every day all day long and the boot was just as comfortable as when he first put it on that morning. He's also been working on drainage for a lake and was in water almost to the top of the boot and his feet remained completely dry. He extremely happy with the boots.
B004J8YBDQ Excellent for trekking If you are looking for a confortable boot for trekking this is the one.  I've bought it and test it in national parks here in California with excellent results: the Goretex works perfectly maintaining your feet dry even walking over highly humid grass or even water, allows your feet breathe, etc. Just a tip of an amateur trekking, for a better result, walk using trekking socks or the nike dryfit socks for not injure your feet.If your feet is 41-42, this boot fits perfectly, a little bit tight, but that's the idea: the boot must be perfectly adjust to your feet  (without squeezing it!!).
B004J8YBDQ Pretty Good Boot I have had mine for about a year now and overall they are pretty good. Better than most in this category, but not the best I have had. The pros: lightweight, comfortable, good traction, quiet, good support. I would say that the comfort is the most significant attribute that has me shopping for another pair. The cons: They are hard to put on and take off - they should have used hook eyelets instead of loop eyelets. They are not super durable, the top two eyelets on one of my boots tore through the leather upper they were riveted to. The outsole is starting to delaminate from the insole. And they aren't very waterproof - walk through more than about a half inch of water and they get wet really quickly and thoroughly. And the laces are slick and come untied easily. But for me, the comfort trumps the disadvantages.
B004J8YCB2 Rad Trail I have been partial to Columbia products in the past, but my last pair of Colombia's started to come apart in the front at the sole. There were no user reviews on the Radler, so I was buying these blind. I looked at many hiking/outdoor shoes carefully before settling on the Radler and so far I am happy with my purchase. They have been comfortable right out of the box, which was nice. The materials used seem to be nice quality and it is well put together. I have been wearing them often and hope for them to last awhile, because these shoes will see a lot of wear. Have not had a chance to test it on the trail or how well it is waterproof.Pros:- Comfortable everyday shoe if you are moving around and not standing in one place.- They have a nice finish, looked to be well made and they are light on the feet.- I got sprayed with water and got some water on the front of the shoes and my feet stayed dry. This is the extent of my experience with how waterproof these shoes are.Cons:- Lacing system, wish the eyes were metal instead of plastic. The D-rings don't stay in place.- Standing for long periods it tends to be uncomfortable. So I am not sure how well the "anti-fatigue technology" is working.- I have noticed the sole is starting to form creases from use. Not sure if this is a good thing or bad. I am a little concerned about how well it will wear over time.
B004K22QM4 My favorite urban boot. I'm on my second pair of these inexpensive, yet good looking urban boots. I wouldn't take them hiking, but they're perfect for the NW winters in the city. Waterproof and slightly insulated.
B004K22QM4 Mr. The ones I received were definitely not waterproof. First rain and my feet were wet. I have bought a variety of timberland products over the years and this is the first one to bring great disappointment, especially with this price tag. They do look and feel good though.
B004K22QM4 Great boots, but needs breaking in Like other reviewers, I was a bit misled into thinking that these Timberlands ran true to size, and I was initially disappointed by how narrow the toebox was on these boots.  Although the shoes do run narrow, they are pretty much true to length, so I was able to take them to a cobbler and have them stretched them out for $5.  They fit like a gem now and are amazingly comfortable.  It might not be a bad idea to order a 1/2 size up if you're looking to wear thick socks for the colder months, however they are a surprisingly warm boot even wearing cotton tube socks.Although these shoes claim to be waterproof due to reinforced seams and treated leather, it is very important to regularly retreat the leather with a waterproofer.  Snoseal is a great and inexpensive choice that will at least partially prevent water/salt damage Atsko SNO SEAL Original Bees Wax Leather Snow Protector Waterproofer - 7 oz (200 g).  I have noticed that water will start to seep in through the seams after prolonged dampness, but these aren't rainboots after all!All in all, these are a very comfortable, fashionable (they look great with a pair of jeans!) and warm pair of fall/winter boots that should last me for the foreseeable future.
B004K66PAE So close to perfect Pros:The artisan gold color is so insanely beautiful that I want all my future boots to be this rich color. It wears pretty well too, a little but not much fading after a few months.The full-grain leather is high quality, durable, and resistant to slouching.Water-resistant (to a point - see below).Relatively comfortable, I can walk for about 4 hours in perfect comfort. I have walked all day in these because they were the only boots I took travelling when I went to England for Christmas, and at the end of the day my feet DO hurt. But still one of the most comfortable heeled boots I've ever tried! I wouldn't hesitate to wear them to the mall. However, if the heel was half an inch lower, I think this would be the perfect boot.Cons:After 3 weeks, they did not last through full-on puddles. One boot leaked on the side where the boot creases due to the bending of my foot. The waterproof coating or the leather must have worn down there. So take "waterproof" with a grain of salt - will be fine in rainfall, but don't submerge your foot in a puddle! I'm not sure how it will do in snow, because I did not experience snow last year, but I think it would be OK as long as you're not trekking through slushy puddles.
B004L32PFU My favorite new boots Love these boots. It was a rough week getting them broken it but I'm so glad I stuck with em. Word to the wise while breaking these in. Do not lace all the way up the ankle. You'll be in for a world of hurt. Lace just like a regular shoe and let the ankle float. Couple days later go higher up the ankle to break that portion in. Super water resistant. I can work in the yard all day and get them muddy as all get out, hit them with the spray hose while wearing them and have completely dry feet. Quality quality boots.
B004L32PFU Nice looking boot, but not that rugged I wear these casually with jeans.  They are not meant for hiking, trail walking, etc.  I think they're just a sneaker disguised as a boot.  I say this having worn Army standard issue boots for 4 years.  Believe me, these are not meant for anything other than casual wear, and the rubber sole alone is too soft to stand the rigors of anything much more than a quick walk on a nice trail in the woods, if that.  However, that being said, they are very comfortable once you break them in, they are not that hot even in hot weather, and they keep your feet warm in cold weather.  The waterproof lining is great, almost like Gore-tex, and breathes very well without letting outside moisture into the boot.  So, they're great in rain or snow.  I like the finish of the leather.  It's almost a distressed look, and it holds up well over time.  I've had these for about a year, and they're still in great condition with not too much wear in the rubber sole or the leather....Yes, I wear them regularly.  I recommend these if you want a nice looking, waterproof durable and comfortable casual boot.
B004L32PFU Not waterproof, poor leather I got these for the blizzard 2013 and regret it. They are roomy enough for heavy socks, and the insulation is just ok. However, the leather isn't waterproof like they promise, even after extra treatment. When these wear out, I'll get some from LL Bean and pay a little extra for the lifetime warranty and dry feet.
B004L32PFU Jake Love these boots. Super light, comfortable, very stylish, waterproof! What else can you ask for in a boot. I would recommend these boots.
B004L32PFU Great boots but get ready to quack like a duck This is my second pair of Timberlands, first pair last 3 years of daily use Canadian Fall through Spring so anywhere between 6-8 months of the year. Like my first pair these are very comfortable and fit my requirement of being fully waterproof. Not insulated but I still use as an every day winter boot if necessary can wear thermal socks but at the same time have Sorels if I am going to be spending a day in the snow kind of thing.Metal eyelets for the laces are good, fit well, nice seams and as I mentioned before fully waterproof with no treatment necessary.THE ONE downside to these boots--they have the squeakiest soles I have ever heard. They only need to be a little wet to quack like a duck every single step. I think I even heard them squeak on an asphalt path...never mind tile floors where people can hear you coming from down the hallway. Most of the time I work in a warehouse style bulding with concrete floors and its not terrible but definitely noticeable. So all in all great boots but man be ready to make some noise for a few minutes when you come in from the rain/snow/whatever.
B004L8USFO Totally waterproof! These boots (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004L8USFO/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title) are so comfortable.  They are completely lined, which makes them VERY warm and perfect for a New York winter.  This also means that they are much too hot for airline travel (for me, anyway).  They're adorable with skinny jeans or leggings, but are slim enough to fit under wide-legged jeans.  Best of all, they are totally waterproof.  I walked into a slushy puddle before realizing how deep it was, and my boots stayed 100% dry.  The traction is excellent.  I bought my normal size and they fit perfectly lengthwise, but the heel is a little bit looser than "regular" boots - still comfortable, though, even on several-mile walks and with thick or thin socks.  My personal preference is to leave the laces slightly loose and never untie them; the boots just slip on and off.
B004LLSV5U Not Waterproof! I was happy when I purchased them, but the first I stepped into a puddle [not even deep enough to cover all the boot] water ran into my foot. Then I tried them in the snow and my feet got really wet and cold. I wish I could return them now.
B004PNE720 like them but takes some breaking in at first they made my feet hurt cause it was rubbing the back side of my heel. once broken in they are comfortable. Not waterproof like they claim though.
B004PPLZEG waterproof workboots Got these for my huband who works in a wet, messy, place for long hours. They fit great, and he comes home with dry socks. I give these a thumbs up.
B004Q01HZM Not waterproof I bought these boots because they were supposed to be waterproof but water flows through the seams in the boots' toes. I like how they look but disappointed with the quality.
B004Q01HZM The perfect anytime boot the purchase price was $50 less than I could find in any store and most places online, so that was a huge bonus. I love the fact that they are waterproof and have seemed to hold up to that claim very well. I bartend and am on my feet with these boots for up to 10 hrs at a time and haven't had any comfort issues. The high ankle also adds comforting support.The boots have the ability to snap up any outfit and I have gotten quite a few great compliments in them. I'm considering buying another pair and also the black pair as well.All in all, these are a great, durable and sharp looking boot. I didn't encounter the size issue but it's something to keep in mind, since so many people have mentioned it.
B004RQ3GAE For guys on their feet! These are my second pair if these shoes.First pair I purchased at academy sports. For some background..I am a 305lb furniture mover who's Company (two men and a truck) now requires We wear over the ankle steel toe boots. These shoes are on my feet from 6-12hours day...and I am not just standing,I am going up down steps,up and down ramps.....even for a guy with wide feet these are very comfortable boots.I can wiggle. My toes in the toe box. As for them being water proof.....yes and no....reason why I buy these particular brand is they keep my feet dry. Now I can't steep in 6in of water ...but I don't think have to walk around big puddles or my feet getting wet walking through wet grass.They are very light...considering,and they lasted me about 14 monthsbefore I replaced them. Mostly due to walking up metal ramps on my toes ate the treds up under my toes.If your like me lil "heavier" lil more active with them I find a heal support beneficial.
B004TDWITU Very nice boot for the price I got this boot on sale and loved what I received.  Great value for the money.  Perfect fit, warm and comfortable.  I have sprayed the boots with suede waterproofing spray and have yet to have my daughter to wear it on a really wet day but so far they have been holding up wonderfully.Update:  After a 100 days of school, they are still holding up fine.  The stain and water repellent spray really have helped to keep it looking new.
B004ZCE19U Nice boots. Love the scuff proof boot, keeps my feet warm in temps down to 25 so far (in Phila, PA).  Completely water proof, but doesn't breath well (my feet sweat).Right boot has a seem junction that sticks into a bone on my right foot.  I hope the leather softens on this spot as the boots break in.  Would buy again.
B004ZCE19U Get It Great boot all around. Sharp look. Comfortable. Waterproof. Cleans up very easily. It is impossible to scuff these up with the new material. Just remember to buy a half to a whole shoe size lower.
B0051MNSZQ CLOUD BOOTS minus the moisture Have worn these boots for at least a total of 40 miles of rough weather and hiking. They are hands-down the comfiest pair of shoes I currently own and perform great in mud and frigid tempereatures. Sometimes, however, they perform just a little bit too well and make my feet sweat. For this reason, I reccommend a less insulating sock unless the weather is &lt;20 degrees Fahrenheit. Too warm for the summer.Regardless, the boots are comfy, stylish, waterproof, and wide enough, even for my boat-like foot.The only con I can think of is the lack of grip on wet smooth rock such as in a cave.
B005A7RO3Y Timberland Men's Piper Trail Mid Boot, Love these waterproof boots comfortable and stylish. I wish they had more in this style. Fit is great and don't hurt the foot.
B005APTZ4W Comfortable stylish and true to size out of the box. I bought these shoes after trying them out at the store. Initially they were tight and kind of pinching the top of my foot but I felt that if I wore them a  bit that would go away. They are slip-on's after all and generally these type of boots are known for that. Well I was right after walking a couple miles in these shoes they fit perfect and comfortably. The suede is also water resilient, I don't want to say resistant because that would probably be untrue but I walked home in the rain in them and they got wet and the leather darkened and I thought that they would do what most suede shoes do, lose that suede look. That didn't happen they dried and looked just like they did when I took them out of the box.I would also add that these boots are warm as well. I sat at the bus stop for 30 minutes, in 30 degree weather and didn't even notice the cold. I don't know how warm they would be below zero freezing but for your typical northern day they will work just fine. Plus the stretchy material makes throwing on an extra pair of socks and option with out feeling like your feet are being pinched.So over all these boots are worth the list price and thankfully they are going for much less than that. If you like the look of these boots then buy them! You will love them and your girlfriend will love your sense of style. I've had more women comment on how much they like mine.
B005I6Z4JI Our 2nd pair for my hard-working man! My hubby is a route truck driver for a water company. So he lifts heavy 50lb jugs all day, in all types of weather and surfaces (being that we live in the Northeast). These boots work great in the winter cold (5 degrees) and in the hot summer (100 degrees) - he just changes his socks accordingly ;) His feet stay dry (which is the problem we had with other &#34;waterproof&#34; brands). They lasted him about 8 months! Which is much better than the other boots we tried. Being prior military, I know a little about boots. Back then, 15yrs ago Magnum & Matterhorn were great, but tims were not. We tried the old greats, just to be let down. But these, hopefully, we'll be able to order them for a long time. Plus, they are somewhat affordable...which is huge for us!
B005I6Z4JI Extremely comfortable boots. The boots are actually waterproof and do not fatigue ones feet. The lacing system is innovative and saves time trying to lace up during the day.
B005I6Z4JI Timberland Pro These are a really good pair of boots. When they say waterproof they mean waterproof! You will not find a better boot for your money.
B005I72EKE boots Not sure if these are necessarily waterproof yet, however the rest of the quality of the boot is good.  They fit nicely.
B005Y7T62W Comfortable, Long Lasting, Good Looking I bought these boots nearly three years ago while working with jet fuel and a degreasing solvent that mimicked jet fuel.  I bought them because I needed waterproof boots (when those liquids get in your shoe, it really messes up your skin), and I had recently torn ligaments in my ankle, so I needed 8&#34; boots to lace over the joint.  These fit the bill, didn't come with a steel/composite toe (I have really wide feet, my toes rub against all steel toes).  I got them for about $130 online, and had them a couple days later.The Pros:-Super comfortable.  The insoles are supportive and soft, quite possibly the most comfortable footwear I've ever worn.  I had to be on my feet 10-12 hours a day out on the slab, and I'm about 245 lbs, so its a bit of weight to carry.  My feet didn't end up hurting at the end of the day.-Lightweight.  Didn't realize this until I put on some Doc Martins.  Holy heck are these boots light in comparison.  I can run in them, hike, work, or just walk, and its not them tiring me out-Waterproof.  I put an additional layer of waterproofing on (SnoSeal) because the chemicals I worked with wreck everything.  I could walk through water about ankle deep in these with no problem.-Durability: I've worn these boots every work day for two and a half years, in some of the harshest conditions (cryogenic testing, solvent splashes, etc).  They've finally worn down inside. Its taken this long for me to really seriously consider replacing them (which I will do with exact copies).Cons:Price: They're not cheap.  But as I write this they're $80 on sale, which I paid much more than when I got themBreath-ability:  Like most waterproof boots, they don't breathe that great.  Wear wool socks and you'll be ok.  If your feet sweat like crazy, like mine, they'll be a bit damp after 8-10 hours in the boots.Random:  They're a bit of a hassle to take off or put on, since its a bunch of laces.  Not really unique to this boot, but I need some cons to be fair right?TL:DR these are awesome boots.  I'm going to buy another pair to replace the ones I've worn for 2.5 years.  They're comfortable, come in wide sizes, and are waterproof and lace past the ankle for support.
B006T307QE AMAZING BOOTS I purchased these boots because I needed a boot that was waterproof. I am very particular when it comes to my shoes. I like the hiker style because they are usually more comfortable. I have had them for over a month and they are incredible. completely waterproof and the anti microbial lining keeps the boots from developing a smell after a long day on your feet. I will recommend them to evreyone and buy another pair after these wear out.
B006T307QE Waterproof? These shoes are great when the weather cooperates, but after about two months of wear, they are no longer waterproof. I can imagine they would stay waterproof if the wearer never kneels or doesn't take very many steps, causing the seam around the toe guard to detach from the shoe slightly.
B006T307QE Durable, comortable, and eye catching. These boots caught my eye when I saw a co-worker wearing them. I bought a pair on his word that they were everything I was looking for in a work boot. These boots repel water well, yet don't hold odor like leather ones. My last pair of boots also ate my socks if you didn't tie the strings really tight. I'm not a fan of the quick lace, but if you are, the top two sets can be either one. They come with black shoe laces as well as the flashy blue ones. I use the black ones and they still get noticed. The are the most comfortable boot that I've ever worn. I have flat feet and have had feet problems for a long time. NOT WITH THIS PAIR. They're fairly light in weight as well. I work on concrete floors all day and I would hightly recommend this boot.
B006T307QE one of the best boots i have ever bought i bought these about a year ago. they are extremely comfortable, and arent too rough on the eye.pros- breathable, comfy, eye pleasingcons- NOT waterproof, they dry out quite quickly, but are definitely not waterproof(advertised as being waterproof, not resistant)would purchase again
B006T307QE Lightweight & comfortable! I picked these boots up before Christmas with one of the 25% off deals & couldn't be happier for the price. Lightweight, waterproof & comfortable.
B006T32HGC Great Versatile Boot I use these for hiking and wear them with my waders when I get to my fishing spots. Often hiking and fishing at the same time. When you are on a long backpack, no way you'd bring a separate pair of wading boots; would rather carry the extra weight of waders for the cold waters I fish in.  So these are the perfect compromise of a hiking and wading boot.  I pretty much beat the heck out of them walking in the streams and they do hold up.  They are also good and stiff in the sole which is an advantage on long hikes and wading. They are sized just like the other Timberland Pro's I've purchased; they are about 1/2 size bigger than usual shoes or boots.  Great traction hiking and good traction wading.  At about $107 the price is unbelievable, may have to buy another pair.  I've used the Pro Endurance at work for the past 5 years; they are the most comfortable steel toe/foot plate boot I have ever worn by far - and that's about 40 years of safety boot experience.  The Endurance weigh a ton and are absolutely awesome wading boots - the added stiffness and steel make them bullet proof when walking rocky streams, and excellent traction.  The Hyperions are not as stiff or as grippy, but just as comfortable and about a pound and 2 ounces lighter - and that's another reason why I am so happy with them for hiking.  I can't imagine anything better for what I do than these Timberland Pros.
B006T32HSK so heavy too heavy too large too hot too soft and still feet hurt I don't recommend these unless you are working in the wet and cold
B006T32TKG Timberland PRO Men's Boondock Waterproof Work Boot, These boots are like a large pair of running shoes. They are so comfortable, right out of the box! They are a bit clumsy, because they insulated.
B006T32TKG The best I tried and I tried about two dozen ones I cannot speak to durability yet, however from comfort perspective these were number one. Very flexible sole, perfect fit, non slipping, does not feel heavy. I was so impressed I bought a pair for my son right away. I did apply Kiwi Boot Protector twice for protection and waterproofing, which was not really necessary as it was totally waterproof anyways. Do not hesitate, try them. And they look good too.
B006ZIGRXA My sole mate for snowy weather! I have an active lifestyle, which includes horseback riding, kayaking, and hiking in all weather.  I was on the hunt for a boot that would allow me to do any of these things no matter what's going on outside.  The Apley is obviously going to be my sole mate!  I received these yesterday and was a little surprised when I opened the box. For one, the color is a bit darker than I expected, and the zipper is on the outside of the shaft (weird!) as is the word "waterproof".  Really Timberland? Put that on the sole, or at least on the inside of the shaft!  The leather is a little speckled looking, I think because of the water-proofing.  A good looking boot still, but not quite what I expected.  Anyway, when I woke up this morning there were a few inches of snow on the ground and it was still coming down, so I figured I'd go test them out.  They fit perfectly over my skinny jeans, even with thick boot socks.  They even left a little wiggle room in the shaft.  I took them out to one of my favorite parks for what was intended to be a 3 mile hike; I figured I'd keep it short since my feet might be in serious boot pain!  They performed beautifully all around: no slipping thanks to an amazing tread, they kept my feet toasty warm, and they truly lived up to their 'waterproof' description.  I ended up taking the wrong trail, so my hike ended up around the 5 mile mark. Around 4 1/2, the backs of my heels started to feel a bit of rubbing, which did result in a very small blister on my right foot.  Other than that, no problems. I feel like with one or two more wears they will be good to go. That being said, I have tough dancer's feet, so if you have a sensitive sole, get some insoles.  Like most tough boots that are built to last, these are harder than your casual boot.  If you're looking for a comfier footbed, try the Earthkeepers Bethel. Just be aware that it isn't as good for bad weather.  As for me, I'll be keeping these for winter weather, rain, and pairing with cute work dresses!  I have a feeling we'll be together for many years.
B006ZIGS34 versatile and truly waterproof I originally gave these a poor review, until I realized how versatile they are.  They go with everything - skirts, dresses, pants, leggings.  They aren't dressy, but aren't meant to be.  The waterproof aspect is great and I literally wore these to a farm in the rain and mud in Seattle and still had dry feet.I still think they lack cushioning, but I bought cushions separately and have been using them, which helped a great deal.  They were also soft leather from day one, contrary to my expectations.  I kept them.Old review (2 stars):These are great because they are waterproof.  However, the toe box has no real shape and they look pretty dumpy.  Additionally, the sole cushion is poor so they are uncomfortable.  Lastly, all of the leather reinforcing in the heel area make the back of the boot quite stiff.  I'm returning, but if I kept them I bet they would be a chore to break in.
B006ZITF7U Affordable, comfortable and beautiful boots! Very comfortable boot with the perfect height heel. I put it on and wore it all day with no problem. It became easier to put on and take off the more I wore them. Good looking soft boots. Love them! And they're waterproof!
B006ZJ2ZUI Waterproof but not Warm I really like this boot but it's not for cold weather. Rain and slush are fine but not for Chicago winters! The boot is lightweight and designed to look smaller than it actually is. I'm a size 11 and it does not look like a big yellow boat on my foot, even with skinny jeans. The one design flaw that I would change is the opening. The boots do not untie or open at all so you slip your foot in and out. This can be very difficult if you have a high instep, difficulty bending, or crossing your leg. If you need a cute waterproof rain boot this is a really trendy choice.
B006ZJ2ZUI awesome waterproof boots UPDATE: 1-19-13 After three short months, the seam between the sole and the boot started separating, creating a big hole. I called Timberland and was given instructions about how to send them in for warranty review. Happy to report they shipped me a brand new pair, which arrived just a little over two weeks after I'd sent in my damaged pair. Disappointed I this happened, and hope there's not a repeat, but very happy that the company stood behind the product!I need waterproof boots for walking my dogs, and these fit the bill perfectly, with the added bonus of looking cute! These boots do a much better job of cradling my foot for a comfortable walk, unlike knee-high rain boots which I always feel like my feet are sloshing about in, making walking up or down hill difficult. The only down-side of short boots is that water and debris that gets kicked up does sometimes land in my boot, but for me, the comfort factor makes up for that. Plus, my feet don't sweat in these--I even wear them in 80 degree weather if it's wet without any overheating discomfort!
B006ZTKCL2 Great boot but IS NOT WATERPROOF I had to do some research outside of Amazon since the details for this boot weresome what vague but I found one site stating that these Timberland Boots werewaterproof. I work outdoors and wanted something light, comfortable and waterproofbut today I found out they're not. Water comes through the top mesh of the foot, notsure about the sides since it seemed alright. Everything else about them were excellentso, might keep them and not try to return them.
B006ZTTV1O Good It looks fashion. It is comfortable when I wear it , but the heel just a lit bit high. It really proof the water , that is what I really like it
B006ZUFL30 Timberland Washington Summit Boots Got a great deal on a great pair of boots. Leather quality is very good. Fits perfect with no breaking in. So far (couple of months) it's been waterproof. The leather is waterproof and it states that it has something called TimberDry lining. I'm hoping that means it is a generic Gortex. Excellent quality thoughout. I liked these boots so much I purchased another pair for next year.
B0070SGN7Y Great boots I bought these boots back in March to help me weather NYC rains. So far they have served me very well.Good construction and quite comfortable. As far as I can tell, the boots are waterproof. I've taken them into the rain and there's been no staining. I've also taken them for an easy hike (they aren't proper hiking boots) and have dipped them a few inches into a brook; they did just fine.
B0070SI95I Timberland is the only shoe i ever buy. Good sturdy boots, very comfortable and they offer a lot of support since I'm on my feet all day anyway, definitely meant for colder weather and climates.  It should be noted that these boots are not considered waterproof, they are leather but they are untreated leather and you will need to apply a seal or polish regularly.
B007782V1O Best boots ever I love this boots, they've survived A LOT. Hiking, water, mud and even paint thinner.The BAD: They run a little large. So I would recommend you to look for your size at some nearby store and then buy them online. I had to return them and wait for a smaller size. They were still a little bit loose but my wallet just had enough. Thick socks resolved the issue then.*Wheat color, although beautiful, is a very dirty one. And believe me, when they get dirty, they look like an old pair of construction worker's boots. NOT GOOD.The GOOD: soft, light and durable. I live in Costa Rica and it rains for almost 6 months. My feet are always dry and warm :) Plus, they look very good with leggings hehe!I own other waterproof boots and these are not heavy or sturdy.
B007784JI2 EXTREMELLY COMFORTABLE Just took a few days to break them in. Only thing i would recommend is that you don't get them wet mine broke at the seems after getting them completely wet a few times
B007784JI2 Nice boots Cool and discrete design, water-proof and good grip.I bought them to wear them in winter, so my experience with them is only city walking, but I would recommend them.
B007784JI2 Good boot except... ...not exactly waterproof when the tongue of the boot is made of porous cloth and padding. Walking through tall wet grass soaks through them to my socks and then my feet. One would expect "waterproof" boots to waterproof tongues as well. Ok boot otherwise--comfortable and they seem well made and durable.
B007784JI2 Overall--good quality I had been looking for waterproof boots that were not hideous for quite some time.  It was as though you either had stylish boots that would not hold up to the weather or serious hiking/outdoor boots that just looked awful.  These Timberlands are quite handsome, waterproof and even have good insulation for when the temperature drops.  Also, the Amazon price was unbeatable.  My only gripe with them is that they seem quite stiff.  Maybe I'm not used to wearing such a high boot, but I've found walking to be a bit of an adjustment.  Its possible they need to be broken in.
B0077853PU All you could ever want in a rainboot! Every morning I take my Labrador out for a walk in the forest next door.  As I live in the Pacific Northwest, it rains a lot and every walk entails puddles, mud, slippery places and wet underbrush.  I had a nice pair of 'fashionable' rain boots - you know the kinds. They had all the right design features for a walk down 5th Ave in NYC, but the rubber split at pressure points and the treads wore down after 6 months use.  Planned obsolescence, is what I figured.  HOWEVER, Timberland plans for the long-haul.  These boots will last a lifetime!  Don't be fooled by the laces.  The boots have a solid interior so no water or mud will ever reach your tootsies!  The laces can be used to adjust the fit without ever compromising the water-proof qualities.  The boots slip on easily and, unlike some of the reviewers, I found them flexible and very comfortable!  Not only that, they have great treads to keep you from slipping in the mud.  They are great for hiking and are super cute for just running around town.  I get lots of people asking me where I got my boots even when I am clomping through the treacherous trails of my local supermarket!
B007EFDTSY Fantastic I do need good waterproof shoes/boots for walking with my dog(labrador) ;therefore I must be absolutely certain of warm fee under any condition and this year in my town(Bologna,Italy) rain and snow are pouring at least every week since January.These boot are easily to put on and then wear.The side zip is clever enough not to reach the sole in order to avoid the possibility of water infiltrating through minute cracks due to abrasions or stiffenings,as,e.g,happened to me in the past with military style waterproof boots,,Cobra If i could remember.On the other side the lateral zip  helps to slip on the boot.I had to order this item abroad because I was unable to find an italian shop selling the pro series;this is crazy considering the quality of the product and rough weather we may have here sometimes!CM;Md,PhD.
B007TGA2JM Love these!! I love the color, the hooks that makes it easier to tie laces, and its resistance to water... it would've been nicer if the tongue was sewed to the boot itself, but as long as you don't jump into deep puddles of water I think it's fine :) I'm 5'3&#34; and it comes right under my knees, but it doesn't get in my way. Also it's VERY comfortable. I can't believe how it's so smooth when I'm walking..it's like walking on top of clouds! Awesome boots!!!
B008N7GT9I very comfortable Very lightweight and comfortable.  I haven't gotten to see how well they hold up to water yet but I do like them so far
B008VPU0GK Very comfortable These boots are great because not only are the comfortable and durable but you can dress up a nice pair of pants with them. I walked twenty miles and had no discomfort at all. Don't know how well they are in water but I don't make a habit out of walking into deep puddles. In the rain they are great!
B008VPU0GK Nice choice Very comfortable and waterproof . I looked at a lot of hiking boots and these were by far the most comfortable
B008VPU0GK piece of s*** these boots are pieces of s***. feet get wet in rain.  waterproof my butt.  also very slippery.  only a few weeks old and coming apart already
B008VPU0GK Lightweight and Tough This is my first ever hiking boot. These are lightweight compared to some monster boots i found in some stores. I bought these and went on a hike to national park in Luray, VA. I hiked thru some rough terrain.. jagged rocks, snow, small water stream & these boots holded up amazingly well. Kept my feet dry & comfortable. I am writing this review 1 week after my purchase ... so i cant judge their quality over long run for now, but i am completely satisfied with these shoes.
B008VPU0GK OUCH! Toxic! Out of the box, on the feet they felt great. Lightweight, great gripping ability, very durable outer leather, comfortable.However, as a landscaper, I got caught in a rainstorm and stepped in a 2-inch puddle of water. Feet got wet (so much for waterproof construction), and then I noticed a burning sensation. Had to work for another hour in the rain and continued working with the wet shoes on. When I was able to take off the boots, I noticed that my feet were red and my skin was blistered and peeling. It is important to note that I work with wet shoes almost every day during the summer season in Florida, so this is nothing new. What was new is that my feet were now on fire with a blistery red rash covering the top and sides of my foot, extending up to my ankle. Thought maybe it was athlete's foot, treated myself for that problem, sucked it up and worked in them a second day. This time I had no choice but to remove the shoes after a few hours. Since then, I have worn other shoes in wet conditions with no issues at all. I do not suffer from athlete's foot. Clearly this was a reaction to the shoe getting wet - I believe either the material or some type of chemical used in manufacturing caused this. I bought my pair at Dick's Sporting Goods, and it was very difficult to return 3 days after purchase due to their return policy. Manager said that the shoes had to be defective in order to return and directed me to call Timberland. However, I stressed that the shoes were, in fact, defective because they not only were *not* waterproof but burned my feet .(I stressed this point by taking my shoe and sock off and putting one of my blistered dogs on the counter for the manager, sales clerk, and other customers to see.) He then instructed the cashier to damage the shoe somehow in order to RTV and gave me store credit. I figured not being waterproof and lighting my feet on fire was enough of a defect that we didn't need to damage the shoe any further. I would like to note that I have never had a problem with returning other shoes that didn't fit well at any of their other competitors. Anyway, buyer beware!
B009OL2L94 Good Boots These are super lightweight so are excellent for travel. I wish they were waterproof, but are good for a bit of damp hiking. They do dry quickly. They are great for light hiking and are pretty stylish as well.
B009PNJW5C Best Timberland Boots yet Has a good fit better than the Original timber construction suede style loving the actual waterproof ... A must have !
B00AAPHB2U Does the primary function - surefooted walk in snow/slush Good traction. Water proof. Removing a star because of the noise it makes on bare floor when the sole is wet. I did slip on black ice at a ski resort so this will not do magic but I feel surefooted at other places I would not have before. Keeps feet warmer than my other shoes. Removing another star because the tongue of the shoe is stitched to the side (near the holes for laces) and so it folds inside the shoe. Guess, that keeps the water out. The problem is that the fold creates pressure (to the point of pain) on the top of the foot. Hasn't stopped me for wearing the shoes for two weeks now but something people should be aware of. Wish the tongue leather was more supple. It is also pretty heavy, maybe because of the material used in the sole. I am not sure if I will buy this shoe again but I had heard of Timberland as a good brand (I was tired of replacing $50 shoes every year). Hope it lasts at least a couple of years of 'office walking'.
B00AAPHB2U Waterproof, and solid, but ultimately too military looking It is very hard to find truly waterproof shoes that also look good.  I ordered these in black, but returned them because they looked too much like dress military shoes.  Their are not patent-leather shiny, but nonetheless very conservative and lacking in style.  I suppose that could have been obvious from the photo, but it really screamed at me once I got them home.
B00AQMDTAK Very cozy Good quality, very comfortable, true to size, waterproof but not looks like hard boots which is very important for girls. Like very much.
B00AR4HHNW Great Looks. Not too durable. My daughter loves them -- the color especially...but after stepping in a deep snow/rain puddle, her feet and socks were wet. Seems the surrounding material isn't waterproof while the upper is, which I didn't expect with Timberland brand shoes.I won't buy them again. I may stick to Lands' End.
B00AR59MBQ Awesome. As adult timberlands, the kids versions aren't the warmest boot but by far they are the cutest and most comfortable. My daughter absolutely loves them. The first thing I'd suggest is going a half size bigger and waterproof them. The waterproof I used left a gray film on the boot but if u use a hairdryer it takes it away(not sure if was the boot, product or both together that caused it). Shes gotten tons of compliments about them. Definitely recommend, even though kinda pricey.
B00ATDU5M6 Not waterproof These boots were said to be waterproof. When my daughter wore them to camp her feet got soaked and the counselors had to dry them out. I spent a lot of time looking and researching boots and I was disappointed when I found out they soaked her feet.
B00AW8HF9Y Great looking but not waterproof Learned this the hard way. Supposed to be waterproof, only brought one pair of boots to NYC during rainy season trip and walked around in wet socks for 3 days:(.  Great looking boot and comfortable though, just keep in mind for wet conditions.
B00AW8J5RE Good deal on a waterproof and casual work boot i ordered these because I was looking for a waterproof leather boot that I could keep on during the workday. I work in a business casual environment. These are waterproof. I've worn them in icy conditions and in the aftermath of snowfall. These look cute enough with a pair of black jeans that I can keep them on while in the office during the winter season. I ordered Slate Blue. The color is more grey-olive with blue stitching. They come with two types of shoelaces--a burnt orange sneaker style lace and a light blue roundish lace. I changed the burnt orange to blue because I wanted some of the blue undertones to stand out. Like others have mentioned, these need to be broken in. They were just right when I first put them on. Now, after a couple of wears and adjustments to the shoelaces, they are stretching out to my foot. I have no doubt these will fit to my foot. I ordered my regular size and would advise others to do the same. I could see ordering a half size larger if you really don't want to spend anytime naturally &#34;distressing&#34; the boot leather to your own personal fit. I recommend these boots if you're looking for a good deal on a waterproof and casual boot. I looked at others that were in the mid-$200 range, but I think these do exactly what I wanted for a much better price.
B00AW8JL0A Perfect fit I ordered a 9M .....same size I always buy....and the fit was perfect.  I don't understand why some people complain they are stiff or hard....they are nice leather boots that I took out of the box and wore all day, no breaking in period like with Frye boots.  I own three pairs of Frye boots and I like them, but doubt I ever decide to break in another pair.  Someone correct me if I am wrong, but all waterproof leather boots look different from non waterproof boots....the leather looks different, kinda a matte finish... The waterproofing starts when the leather is processed ....it doesn't mean just sealing the seams.  You can kinda make other leather boots water resistant and protect the leather with different products on the market, but you can't waterproof a boot, that can only be done at the factory.
B00AZPO90W Comfortable on Day One These will work for casual wear and because it is a cap-toe you can even wear them for business casual when the weather justifies a boot. Looks like a Goodyear welt and therefore appear to be resoleable.The leather is soft; broken feel right from the start. Just guessing, but it does not look like it will be waterproof; we'll see. The leather is glove leather & therefore on the thin side and not rugged like a Wolverine 1,000 Mile boot. But that boot costs twice as much and there is a break-in period required; it too may not be waterproof. Want waterproof? Get a Gore-Tex lined boot.
B00AZPO90W Not Waterproof We bought these boots because they claimed to be waterproof.  These are a nice wearing boot, look good with slacks, and good traction without having a lug look.  However, my husbands feet get wet just walking across the parking lot. That is a big disappointment!
B00AZPOIF8 Great shoe, no break in period These shoes fit great and are comfortable right out of the box.  I would say they are more water proof than water resistant.
B00AZPQV6C Stylish and a great value These boots fit as expected (wear a 10.5 in Clarks and the same for this boot) and exceeded expectations for craftsmanship and style. The boots are waterproof to within an inch of the top of the boot and are well padded/insulated on the inside. The sole has a semi-aggressive tread pattern and will work well on snow or wet surfaces. Overall, these boots are a terrific value!
B00AZPQV6C Decent boot, NOT waterproof. First of all, I ordered these because they're supposed to be waterproof and leather and not clunky. After maybe 5-10 minutes of walking in about 1/4&#34; of slushy snow, the toes started leaking. Not bad, not like my suede moccasin style boots which wick moisture in, but they did leak, and that's a big problem for me so I am returning them. They seem to be water resistant, but not waterproof.Other complaints- the &#34;thread&#34; where the seam of the leather meets the rubber sole is fake. It is molded into the rubber of the boot and looks cheap. However, that seam is also expertly crafted, in that you can't see it. The leather touches the rubber and is tucked in somehow so that you really can't find a gap, which is what makes it water resistant I imagine.The leather itself is soft, sturdy, and plyable. But it has no personality, no grain or marks, you have to look very close to see that it is not pleather.Reading other reviews, I ordered a full size smaller (11.5 -&#62; 10.5) and they fit well. The toes had room, and the foot width was as snug as it should have been. My foot measures wide and I ordered wide EE.I was excited to receive a nice boot that could go well with casual or semi formal wear. I would have been willing to forgive the fake threads and pleather aesthetic if it was waterproof, because they feel nice and still look decent.
B00B02THKQ Can walk for miles in these! Worth every penny. I bought these because I wanted something waterproof for my recent trip out to NY. The weather was cold, rainy, and/or snowy. These boots handled 2.5-inch puddles without getting my feet wet, trudging through slush, walking for miles (I averaged about 4 miles a day), plus they are stylish for being weather-resistant boots. They kept my feet warm in 15 degree weather even wearing thin lace tights. The anti-fatigue padding kept me comfortable. The tread on the soles kept me from slipping on the ice. I received lots of compliments on them too. Fantastic.Two minor complaints:1) Calf opening is ever-so-slightly tight over skinny jeans. Fits just fine over tights or bare skin. (my calves are of small-to-average size, I'd guess.)2) Ankle is a bit loose fitting. Would provide a sleeker silhouette if they reduced some material here.
B00B82SDYE Great Lightweight Hiking Boot So far, I've hiked about 13 miles with these boots on moderate trails.  No problems with blisters or sores.  Roots and rocks were a breeze to hike over because the sole of the shoe is strong.  My feet were protected from moisture when hiking through some puddles in the mud that only came up to the toe.  The shoe comfortably surrounds my foot and flexes easily with each step.  This boot is lighter than my older pair of boots.
B00B8I9AI6 Very comfortable out of the box These shoes a very nice for walking around on wet and snowy days.  These are not work boots, however, so I do not recommend them for that purpose.  For walking around streets, they are great.  The laces are thin and cheap though and need to be replaced.
B00B9PIUS4 Stylish Boots plagued by poor built quality. The Boots came in as described and it was stylish. It ran about a size too large. I usually wear a US 9.5 and ordered the US 9 but it still ran too large.I loved the boots, they are not waterproof but was very comfortable.The Downside is the poor built quality. By the 3rd day, the tongue of the boot was half ripped. Furthermore, these boots are extremely slippery on ice and makes a squeeky sound when its wet and walking on iceAs much as I loved the boot, the built quality is seriously lacking.
B00B9PJBDC Highly pleased When first introduced, years ago, Timberland boots were waterproof but uncomfortable.  Theses boots are adequately weather proof and very comfortable.  I like the style and they are easy on and off.
B00B9PJBDC Best cold weather boots. Chicago loves this boot The perfect boot warm waterproof. Easy on and off. My husband is a builder. He is in and out of our house all day and taking off tie on shoes is a pain. They also go wet so he had cold wet feet.
B00B9PM53U Seems solid and all Seems solid and all, have only had it for about 3 weeks, instantly fit great and is comfy, no break-in required for my foot (I also tried Timberlands on at the store, so I knew my size already). Haven't fully tested the waterproof claims, but sloshing through slush and puddles thus far has left my feet dry.
B00B9PM53U Seriously too warm I bought these because they were waterproof, and they are very waterproof. If you plan on buying these for everyday use beware of the warmth, your feet will be drenched in sweat in hours. All and all good boot though.
B00B9U2C7E If you have fat feet or ankles do not buy! I am lucky that god gave me slender feet and ankles for if not I would not be able to fit my foot in this shoe! It may be due to the length of the shoe but the leather tongue covering impedes your ability to just simply slip your shoes on. This is not a boot for those who need to rush to get dress for it takes me a few minutes just to put them on and tighten them up and buckle them in. And for the leather... it is really scuffable (yes I made that word up) for even putting them on will scuff them so more arduous work may mutilate the boot. Also the form of the boot seems to warp and the thing is that I don't have fat or wide feet for it to do so, so beware. But other then that I love the boots for they do their job. They are really warm and truly water proof and the grip is 2nd only to velcro. They also are extremely comfortable and easily the most comfortable boots I own.
B00BB7BX66 Okay Looks amazing, feels amazing, except for the fact that you cannot wear this boot in wet conditions or where there is a lot of snow due to the material of the boot. It is a different type a material... suede/leather and very difficult to clean. You can try getting the water protection thingy to protect it from wet things but the colour fades away so BE CAREFUL! I used the footlocker and the browns protector and I did not have luck with them. If you are buying these boots, please make sure you have a second pair for really bad conditions and these pairs for going out.
B00BB7BX66 great boots Really enjoy this boot so far took the dog to the park, through the field and grass went about five or six miles walking with pavement and all really comfortable. Highly recommend.
B00BB7BX66 very comfortable, well made shoe. As a disclaimer, I have only had these for a little over a month and probably only have only worn them for about a total of a week.  With that being said though I am very happy with my purchase.  These boots are very stylish and comfortable.  The leather is soft, the soles are comfortable, and when they are laced up you do not feel any type of pinch or discomfort at the ankle area (front or back).The only drawback is that they are not waterproof but I purchased some "Sno-Seal" and applied that which seems to meet my needs for basic water protection.  I am not going to submerge these in water but I would at least like them protected should there be rain or snow outside.I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a stylish boot that is very comfortable and affordable.  (Oh, and they run true to size)
B00BCJV7H8 Beautiful!! I bought these for a trip to Vail CO.  It was so cold over there (i'm from SoCal) and these boots saved my life.. There were really water proof and very comfy.. I love them!!
B00BCJX6TU No waterproof! I got it for my mom, they are very light and confortable boots. The problem is that after the 2 min. raining she needed to remove em off and walk barefeet.
B00BCJX6TU Not water proof! I it's FAKE! I'm so disappointed about this boots - it's not waterproof, small rain and feet is wet. I'm really disappointed how can be sold by Amazon?
B00BCJXLHW Nice boot But not as waterproof as I expected.  Had to walk in a downpour & the seams (esp. around the toes) leaked.
B00BCJXLHW LOVE MY BOOTS!!!! These boots are everything they say they are & more! If you work outside these are the boots you got to have, they keep your feet warm and they really are waterproof lots of boots say they are waterproof but are not. With these boots you can actually stand in water and your feet will not get wet. I recommend them very highly!
B00BCJXLHW Great Boot! These boots are great in so many ways: waterproof, lightweight, comfortable, stylish, well-made, high-traction sole, strong laces, and convertible (upper portion can be worn up or down). What more can be said??
B00E41TUI4 Looks nice, but no waterproof at all Good looking boots, confortable and fit rigth. But, no waterproof at all. And unfortunelty that was my main reason. Im exposed to water all day, and no luck with this boots,for socks will be wet... Planning to return item.
B00ED8P6UY Timberland PROs? Not really. I took off 3 stars read below why. My occupation requires me to be on me feet alot in varying conditions as I work for a State DOT. Its hard for me to write much of a review now as I have only had the boots for a week. I can say that they are a little heavy but that's to be expected with a boot of this magnitude and in spite of this they are very comfortable. I picked the composite toe to help keep my toes warm in the winter but the electrical insulatory properties are also nice as there are times when I may come across a downed power line. Anyway I'm sure you have your own reasons for choosing this boot. I have worn many boots in the past, regular and logger boots. I like the feel of these over them all including redwing and rocky boots. They come true to size for me, Im a 12M or I guess it was a 12D on the order form anyway, I'll keep you posted...***update 10-18-13***They seem to break in well. Nice and comfy now. Took about a week of doing light duty. Not bad. The slip resistance is also good even when standing on a wet metal bush hog in the early morning dew.***update 7-9-14***So now for the long term review. I still think these are some of the most comfortable boots that I have ever worn, however there are a few problems i have with them. First Off the leather on the toe is starting to come away from the stitching or welt as im guessing thats the term, and I have never had that happen to a boot before. This especially is disconcerting because the boots are less than a year old. Now this particular problem may be unique to my boots as a factory defect. I am returning the boots to Timberland for inspection and will inform you on the results.The other issue I have with this boot is that the waterproof membrane between the tongue and vamp or outside leather has no protection and its possible for debris to get in there and work a hole into the lining. I know it happened to me. I inspected my old rocky logger boots and they had the waterproof membrane covered with leather thus protecting the membrane. I don't like getting my feet wet in my boots.It seems that Timberland just cut corners in this regard or overlooked this issue. For a Boot that MSRPs at $270, I for one expect more.
B00GEKGBNK Waterproof Temberland Boots it is a solid and well built boot, However, for me the boots are not comfortable. I can not bend my ankles properly.
