B000073TM3 Great for the weather My daughter has wide feet (adult) which is the reason the boots were a little snug on her. Otherwise they were very nice and I would buy from this seller again.
B00009WM7J One of the BEST shoes she has ever had!! My 10yr old Daughter has hard to fit feet, to say the least! We have always gotten her good shoes usually fitted at Jamiel's or other high end stores. 99% of the time, we get her shoes, sneakers or boots, she wears them 1-2x's & complains about the fit! I'd  about had it & was thinking  it would cost less to move to a tropical climate & let her run barefoot!!!! So far AMAZON has been a lifesaver ( hers anyway!)  I bought NB wide $40 sneakers & she LOVES them, wearing them consistently  3-4 times a week. Snow came & we had problems...... Uggs are her fav pair yet they aren't for snow & rain :( so the hunt was on! Cheap ones, wide, xtra wide, expensive ones, ones we'd never heard of- ALL didn't fit...then, looking thru the WIDE width section of girls shoes on here- I found THESE. Now I had tried a different brand of work boots & they fit terrible & were made even worse, so I worried. I waited days, looked again, 1left in her size 5.5 wide! I grabbed em' , I was desperate!  They came today- I was shaking, she was scared yet another wouldn't fit... Well Dear Lord she put them on & ran around the house smiling & yelling &#34;I LOVE EM' &#34;!!  She has a EE width, yet these in just wide fit perfect! I am now looking to buy stock in the company , as I will be buying soooo many pairs in various sizes! THANK YOU Timberland & Amazon!  Made well, soft leather & the sole is flexible. A great boot-
B00009WM7J Winter Boots They are what I expected however, one thing I did not realize is how wide the shoe looks from the ouside but its fine.
B0000AFSX4 Great for active 2 year olds! I have twin toddler boys who run all over so I wanted something sturdy and warm for our sloppy winters. I was concerned they'd be too stiff, but ordered them anyway based on other reviews and because they're offered in wide sizes (not common for toddler boots-trust me I've looked ALL OVER). By the time Ifound them, the only color available in their sizes was black, which has actually worked out well.  My boys LOVE these and don't want to wear anything else, so next fall, assuming they'll have outgrown these, this is all I'm buying.  In addition to all the wonderful qualities everyone else has cited, I am so grateful they make the toddler boots in wide sizes too.  One boy is actually an extra wide, so I ordered a half size up-the fit is great, and more to the point, he must be comfortable because he demands I put them on.
B0000AFSX4 Good buy!! I got these boot's for my son. The size was right on & look good.The only thing I had a problem wit is the wide size's! They do NOT fit like wide boot's should & they even say wide inside. Other then that they are good boot's.
B0000AFSX4 great! I bought these for my rowdy 3 year old and he loves them. They are not too heavy and they are also wide enough for his feet.
B0000AFSX4 Great Buy on Toddler Tims My son and I love Timberland boots and were pleased to find them at such a great buy. His foot measures a 10 so we ordered a 9.5W because they usually run long. We went down a half size but got the wide width so he could get them on and off easier. He does'nt have a wide foot, but is still having trouble getting them on/off by himself. When trying on a 10 in a store they seemed huge on him, but we may need to exchange and just have them a little big until he grows into them so he can get them on and off easier. Otherwise I am very pleased with my purchase.
B0000AFSYY Boots are great for wide width children My daughter rides horses at camp during the summer and these are the perfect boot for both the hiking and riding. Plus they are perfect for her wide width.
B0000AFSYY As expected My son has not worn the boots yet, but they fit well and the wide are actually wide. They are attractive.
B0007T4IGG Great Boot! I bought these for my husband who has a difficult time finding his size (15) in a lot of different shoes. This boot looks awesome. The wide is a lot wider than we expected them to be. We should have probably went with the regular width. Nothing a 2nd pair of socks won't resolve! Roomy! Very comfortable!
B0007T64VI Widest 'Medium' width boots/shoes I have ever put on The boots are probably good boots - but if your foot leans at all towards narrow...  I do not recommend these boots. It took three pairs of socks and an extra insole to fill the boot. I even checked several times to be sure I didn't get a mens &/or a wide width. All markings read Womens and Medium width.  I had to return them.
B000AKVA6I not to happy I ordered wide boots the tag says wide but they are definitely not wide at all and also the steel toe bothers me a bit ive only used them for a week so I guess they still need to be broke into
B000AKVA6I It was too tight and heavy. This one is tough to rate because I am hard to fit. I have a wide short foot.  The boot is very heavy and we'll constructed.  For me too heavy is not good.  It is tight on my foot.
B000AKVBCQ Too Small As expected I ordered coz when I bought last year in Vancouver, size 9 is too big for me so I ordered 8.5. maybe the best  size for me is 9.5 wide or 10 wide. Anyway, my friend bought it from me.Quality is good. That is the risk of buying shoes on line.
B000BB15ZC Look after your feet Very comfy boot out of the box!. Watch the sizes as they do not come as big or wide as some old school Timberlands. I ordered 11  wide and this is a U.K 10 so true to size. Pity they do not make a city boot as good as this for similar money, I would buy a pair and so would many others. Cool as boots that look after your feet.
B000BB15ZC These are an awesome replacement for previous brand boot I had been wearing the big "D" boots for years, in particular the striker series.  They changed them, two more times from the original, and their last iteration was impossible to wear.  Seriously, those boots is all I ever wore, work, home, beach, etc.  Trying things like the popular "C" shoes, sneaks, etc. all gave my feet major problems even with orthotics.  I'm as flat footed as they come, so this is always an issue and thus why I wear orthotics.Fast forward and I did a lot of research on boots.  I had thought of trying a more common name in uniform boots, but wanted to try these because of the good reviews.  These turned out to be an awesome find.  I know that I was wearing an 11 EE in the big "D" and so I ordered the 11.5 EE (wide) in the Timberlands and that turned out to be a good idea.  Their sizes run a tad small and definitely not as wide.  Timberlands EE is more narrow than the big "D" EE.  Since they don't make an even wider size, I'll make due.  And the leather will surely stretch, it always does.The quality of these is amazing.  They have a great build quality, seems to be very comfortable though I have just started wearing them today.  They do accommodate an orthodic, but not as well as some other wide boots may.  Either way I have been wearing them since USPS delivered today (SUNDAY) and they feel good.  This is a first, never had a pair of shoes or boots that I could wear the whole day and not have aching feet.The only real problem  I see is that this size is sold out everywhere.  Even Amazon.  I can only hope they are not discontinued, that would be awful and would have to start searching all over again for something that fits and works with my feet.  I even tried a pair of Timberland White Ledge or something, 11 EE, and those are being returned.  They are not wide enough, not long enough, and they cut down across the top of my foot no matter how loose I make them.  My goal is just to buy enough of these to have on hand as the others wear, to go into a new pair.  I figure a pair of boots, worn all day and night, might last 9 months-1 year, if I get more that is great.  But a year is a good plan even per my foot doctor as they wear down over that year.If you like brown, or you can find these in your size, go for it.  They are awesome boots and feel very comfortable, even on someone who has major foot issues with fit/comfort/etc.  I've written to Timberland to see what their future plans are for this model.UPDATE:  After about a week, my feet could not be happier.  They are working out well.  In fact, much better than my previous brand boot that I was wearing for 7-10 years.  I would buy 2 new pairs of those other brand boots each year.  I'd wear a pair to work, then come home and get changed, and wear the other.  And after a year, they were both worn down pretty bad.  I'd know because my knees would start hurting.  So, I can only hope these hold up as well.....so far, so good.  Bad part is these are on backorder until October, 2014 per Timberland.  (in black)
B000BB15ZC Excellent Very comfortable. Im happy with the boots! I wear a size 10.5 wide and thats what i ordered. They fit pretty good but they could be a little wider. Not bad enough to worry or complain about though. Nice boots
B000BB15ZC Wow, Now that's a comfortable boot I have very wide feet.  On top of that, I have arthritis pretty bad in one foot.  So I need a wide shoe, with plenty of room in the toe region.Columbia's "Wide" pinches in at the tip of the toesThe Rockport "Wide" was fairly comfortable, however...The Timberland's "Wide" was a great fit with mucho toe room.cons:Some people might thing there is too much toe room.  When pulling heavy equipment, I feel the front of my foot sliding a bit in the boot.
B000BB15ZC Width is not what I expected The fit was not a typically wide I can usually go with medium  or wide is most comfortable. These fit like a med or smaller width. The strings are too short for the boot, I went out and bought 12&#34; longer boot string.
B000BFIHVS Not Quite What I Was Hoping For The boots are nice looking, and durable. If you have wider feet, they're not as roomy in the toe box as I prefer (even in the wide size). They don't breathe well, which makes them extremely hot for temperatures above 70. Not a bad boot, just not what I was expecting.
B000BFIHVS OK if you don't mind wearing thin dress socks When measured I'm still a 15-C.  However, I've learned to purchase a wide or extra wide boot since most of them are made in China where a size 15 must seem incredibly large.  I'm not sure whether the boots will wear in before my big toes wear out.  As far as these boots being waterproof, I've got my doubts.
B000BFIHVS i tried have never had any luck ordering shoes like this in the past.Seen these and were available in extra wide width so ordered them .when they came they were very nice looking but way to small width wise.no way were they extra wide according to americans standards.Maybe in China where they was made.Returned them and went shoe shopping the old fashion way.Hard to find a shoe that is still made in america to fit americans.
B000BFIHVS Nice boots! When I bought these, I had convinced myself I would fit in regular width boots. My feet are wide and I was unable to wear them. Who I bought them from, did not stock the wide size. Luckily, I was able to return them for a full refund.
B000BFIHVS wide is not wide bought a 10.5 W and it fits tight / narrow.  Otherwise I like it.  I'll probably end up buying another pair 11 W and donating these somewhere.  I've always loved Timberland boots, great products !!!
B000BFIHVS Dual high arches & Wide feet I have high arches on both sides of my two wide feet. I recommend this to anyone who has a hard time finding shoes that fit and needs something more than just a shoe.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots I was nervous to buy hiking boots without trying them on, but these boots are wonderful.  I have a wide foot and sometimes shoes aren't wide enough.  With some experimentation with sock combinations, they are perfect.  I have been wearing them around the house and on small hikes getting ready for our vacation to Banff and Glacier.  They are light, rugged and waterproof - highly recommended.  They aren't the number one boot on Amazon for nothing!
B000BFIHVS Wide width boot I have flat feet, and am on my feet all day, so I need a lot of support and room, these boots were available in my width and size. This company, will be getting more of my business, also the price was really nice also.
B000BFIHVS The best boots for wide feet. I love these boots. I've always had a hard time finding boots that fit my big size 13 wide feet. But these fit perfectly. I have a pair for work, and a pair for hiking, fishing etc. I highly recommend these boots.
B000BFIHVS Surprised with the quality I was looking for a reasonably priced, nice looking, functional boot for casual wear and I think I have found it. Like many others, I would much rather buy a product produced here in the USA, but that is near impossible these days. With that in mind I did a lot of research and found that some American brand name importers hold their offshore builders to a higher standard than others, and I think Timberland just may be one that does. I have a large, wide foot and most of the time I have to buy a size longer even in a wide to insure enough room. I took a chance and ordered my exact size in wide and to my pleasant surprise, these fit almost perfect... perhaps a little tight, but that will get better over time. These boots are very comfortable and have better than average support, the leather is well treated and is waterproof for casual forays into water or snow. The real test though, is wether or not they hold up. I tend to be hard on shoes so look for an update if these fall apart. I would have given these five stars if they were made here in the USA.
B000BFIHVS Not the best While the style of the boot is very nice, I found them to run small in size and not constructed as well as I would expect a Timberland boot to be. After wearing them around the house for a few minutes I realized that they were too narrow and breaking in would not help that so I sent them back. Before I did that, I went to a local Timberland outlet and tried on a Wide size to see if that would help but they were too wide..Maybe I have a strange foot but I would recomend that you look at other options before ordering these.
B000BFIHVS Wide too narrow I'm a pretty standard 9 wide in most brands (Bostonian/Clark's, New Balance, Reebok), but the 9 wide was way too narrow across the toe box. I exchanged for a 9.5 wide, which was better, but still not a great fit, especially for a shoe that I'm planning to wear hiking. Ended up going with the Keen Targhee II in a 9.5 medium (first shoe I've ever worn regular width for).  Little more expensive, but so comfortable.
B000BFIHVS great boots but narrow toe section for my wide foot I loved these boots as they had all the traits I deemed important.  Unfortunately, I found the toe section too tight for my particular feet.  It is disappointing since this is the second pair of upgraded Timberland boots I have tried.  If you have a regular medium width, you should be fine but if you foot is wide like mine, I would advise trying another style/make.
B000BFIHVS Wide is not so wide Good product overall and I'll definitely use them for a while to come but this is where ordering off the web is a hit and miss proposition.This is normal for anything related to clothing.  It has been demonstrated over and over how a manufacturer will change the actual size of their product from time to time, and for no real reason.  Still size abc or 123, but not really what you think its supposed to be.While sizes are supposed to be tied to some 'standard' the problem is there is no standard.The 10.5 Wide is not so wide, but with some usage I suspect it will become comfortable.
B000BFIHVS Good value I usually buy wide shoes whenever possible but these boots are a little too roomy in wide.  That is with wearing hiking socks too.  This boot is very well made for the modest bucks I paid on Amazon.  As one of the previous reviewers suggested, I coated the leather with mink oil.  I would also suggest getting a 1/2 size larger than your regular shoe size.  All in all, a good purchase.  Great for hiking all sorts of terrain and crossing shallow streams.
B000BFIHVS I love them but they are just too tight! 8W wasn't wide enough to accommodate the width of my feet. In this particular boot I would need a 2EE! Thanks.
B000G21BSC Great fit! I finally found hiking boots wide enough for my feet that are very comfortable. And my toes have plenty of room.
B000G21BSC good boot for wide feet I tried many hiking boots for my wide foot.  They were very comfortable all day in the mountains hiking.  Good buy.
B000G21BSC Timberland Women's White Ledge Boot I love the looks of the boot, but will have to return it as it just doesn't fit my wide foot.  I normally wear a size 8, but I ordered up to an 8.5 and got the wide version.  It was still too narrow for me, fitting too close across the instep and rubbing on the big toe.  It's a great looking boot, well made & sturdy.  It's possible if I'd gone up a full size, it might have fit fine. I'm giving it 4 stars rather than 5 because I feel that a wide shoe should be a little wider than this one turned out to be.
B000G21BSC bizarre sizing way too short, way too narrow.  sizing is not even close to my other timberland purchases.  i could not reorder because i wear a 9.5 wide.  i would hve needed at least 1 size bigger and Wide.  i couldnt reorder bec. already lost 20. in shipping both ways.  i didn't think even a 10.5 would help, given the width of the9.5.  a 9.5 pro boot fits perfectly???
B000G21BSC perfect hiking boots These boots are true to size and excellent for wide width needs. They are warm enough for snowy hikes. Very cute style. Only downside is they a bit heavy, but worth the compromise.
B000G21BSC Wide width - perfect fit Very happy with this boot and the fit. Had a medium width previously and never knew they came in wide widths. Normally wear a double E width, I always had to purchase one size up. As soon as I put this one on it was a perfect fit and feel. This high quality boot is a great all weather boot for my needs.
B000G21BSC Great boot Had a short brake in period (3days). Fit how I expected. Needed a wide boot so that I could fit orthotics in boot. It worked perfectly. Not too wide, so I do not look like jumbo feet. They are extremely comfortable. Highly recommend.
B000G23DQK Love them! Don't get a wide though! I typically have wide feet but with these Tims you don't need to buy a wide. Mine are a little too big. Still love them though!
B000G23DQK Great price for timberlands Followed other online suggestions and I ordered an 11 1/2 W instead of a 12 for my son, since he has a wide foot. These are cut wide, so allow for more toe room. The 11 1/2 W fit perfectly and he still has room for heavy socks.Some buyers had concerns that these were not genuine, but ours seem to be genuine Timberlands.
B000G23DQK great boots Very warm and comfortable. Usually I buy medium wide boots. But this pair Timberland medium wide looks and fit like wide EE size.It is not to simple take off - you need  remove laces from 2 pairs upper holes. Caterpillar boots made with hooks - IMHO upper hooks is better then holes (faster take on/off).
B000G23X74 shoes run small I wear 11E wide and ordered 11E wide.  The shoes i received seemed like 10 narrow rather than the 11E wide.
B000G23X74 Not wide enough Even though i ordered a 2E the shoes are tight across toe area.
B000G2419S So glad I waited for the correct width! I've always liked the look of these boots, classic knee-high balmoral crossed with Timberland rugged urban/hiker style. But I missed the boat on getting them in black in the wide foot width when they were first popular, and although I've tried them on wistfully in the regular width several times since, I knew better -- this is a boot designed as much for serious wear as for fashion, and I needed the proper fit to be comfortable in serious use. Timberland offers a nice high toebox but I still really need the extra width in the foot.So one day I was just surfing around for alternatives, and for some reason Shoe Mall had this boot, in black, in 6.5 Wide. So despite the recession, I ordered them. They arrived yesterday, and I've been wearing them around the house since, because they are so comfortable. And of course because they channel my inner super-heroine! With these boots you can be anyone from Tarzan's Jane Porter through Ripley from Alien. Great boots for a time traveler! Also great boots for a city walker and subway commuter in New England's winters and vernal and autumnal monsoons. I just wish Timberland would make them in Wide more often. Or at least add Wide to the options on its custom version. The current lining material is a bit rough, and although they provide some support, they'll benefit from an arch support insole. Lucky for me, there's room!
B000G24LJS 3 eye lug boot. I like this shoe, the in side feels great, its a little wide but i can live with it.The two shoes do not look perfectly the same.One looks to be stitched down and to the right.
B000KVA7YI 6 months later, tread wall is separating I love these boots. I would definitely by them again even though 6 months in the walls of the treads are separating. Fit is narrow, if you have wide feet in any capacity I would go with a wide, even if you wanted to go down a half size. The lining is great for all year as long as you don't wear thick socks in warmer temps and vice versa.
B000KVA7YI Good boots When it comes to work boots I've always stuck to getting a size bigger because of my wide feet. I was very pleased with how these fit. I ordered a 12 wide at first and they killed my feet so upon ordering another size they fit so much better have never had problems since ver good product
B000KVA7YI not as wide as expected I've had these boots before and was very happy with them. The new pair seems like the old pair(this time I got steel toes) but I was hoping they would be a little wider.  They fit ok but I thought a 2e would be wide.  The boots are good though and I would rate them and the seller highly.
B000VIAOJ8 Great quality and comes in wide Great quality waterproof boots.  Only boots I could find that come in wide and weren't too expensive.  Perfect for my daughters wide feet.
B000VIAOMU Had to Reorder First of all I love these boots..my grandson looks great in them, but I had to order them twice.  The sizes, especially the width are not quite accurate.  Initially ordered 11 wide and they did not fit..had to reorder a 12 wide and they fitted nicely.  Love the booth.
B000VIAOMU Timberland Pawtuckaway Lace Hiker for toddlers This is the second pair of these boots for our toddler grandson.  He wears AFO's (Ankle-foot-orthotics) but the braces work fine with the wide width.  Our only regret is that the wide widths are difficult to find.  They look great with jeans and even with the wide width, they look so trim. Our little guy gets numerous compliments on these boots.
B000VIAOMU Love 'em!!! These r the only toddler boots I could find in wide width. My son turned 2 last month and its always a challenge to find shoes for his big wide feet... but these fit perfect! And are just high enough to keep his ankles warm &lt;3
B000VIAOMU Wide width - THANK YOU! I bought these in a 6W for my son, who, at 8, is a really big kid cursed with really wide feet. He has joined cub scouts and is starting to hike and camp, etc., so I knew he needed something more serious than sneakers. I spent an hour researching wide-width hiking boots on the web and finally found these. I bought them a 1/2 size bigger than his current sneakers to leave room for thicker socks. When he tried them on he was so happy with them that he asked if he could wear them to school. What a HUGE relief. I can't vouch for their waterproof qualities yet. But I do intend to spray them with a waterproofing spray, just as I always did with my own Timberlands. Thanks, Timberland, for remembering the wide-width kids.
B000VIDXE6 Not wide Seemed to be of good quality but did not run wide as some of the reviews suggested. Nice looking shoe.
B000VQ9QKS Great Boot! Totally comfortable boot...ready to wear immediately, no need to break in. Wide is indeed wide too!
B000VQ9QKS Best Boots Ever Love, love, love these hiking boots.  It's gotten quite difficult to find women's hiking boots in anything other than the standard medium width.  Since I have a wide foot and wear orthodics, I need a wide boot.  This one fits like a glove and doesn't require a break-in period.  It's waterproof, comfortable, and very stable on hiking trails, and wears well.  Bought an extra pair just in case they stop manufacturing them as seems to happen with everything I like.
B000VQ9QKS great fit I have a wide foot and 10w works great.  no breaking in time necessary but it is smart to break them in.
B000VQ9YDW wide boot top These boots are not for thin people.  the boot is very wide at the top and the back is also elastic so it allows for women with even heavier calves to fit in.if you have slightly thin or thin calves, do not buy this product, you will be disappointed.
B000VQBPOS Great boot but runs small & narrow This is such a well made boot, but even the wide width was not wide enough to fit comfortably before it became too long for my foot. Too bad they don't make a double wide. (I don't have an unusually wide foot, just the toe area.)The comfort band around the ankle ensures that even as a new boot, they are comfortable to wear without getting blisters.at the ankle. The 3/4 cut allows for a better fit on the foot than a full length laced up boot.
B000VW69IY Runs large- a little wide Really good looking and quality materials. I normally wear a 11.5 but ordered a size 11. They were wide for my foot, so I purchased some heavy cowhide and made insoles. I wanted sandals which came with leather insoles which reduce foot odor, which is typical of plastic insoles. If the Velcro fasteners could pull a little tighter I may not have needed an extra insole. I bought mine almost a year ago and they are really well made and will last a long, long time.
B000VW69IY Timberland Men's Altamont Fisherman Very comfortable and light weight. Nice looking shoe, will be great this summer. Don't get a wide unless you are sure, the medium width is just a bit wider than expected.
B000VW69IY widefoot's delight I've had them only a couple of days, so I can't comment on durability, but they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. For those who, like me, need a wide size, these are a godsend.
B000VW69IY Not even W but very narrow This ia the third TIMBERLAND MEN'S ALTAMONT FISHERMAN SANDAL we buy for my husband. He had them for many years.They are very comfortable and look very nice. He could wear them everywhere. But the soles wear out in some time. My husband has wide foot and often it's a problem to find comfortable shoes in wide size. This model had wide variety. Last time we bought 8.5 W and it fit very well. This time I found it in 8.5 2EE and I thought it was even wider which was very good. But these sandals appear to bevery narrow. My husband couldn't even put them on. We are very disappointed. I am going to send them back.
B000VX01V4 Great Casual Shoe For Women With Wide Feet Ladies, if you need a boating shoe and are tired of the seams splitting because you have wide feet, worry no more. These shoes are great. The only worry is this style isn't easy to find anymore; the new Timberland boating shoes are suede and clunky.
B000VX01V4 Not a wide shoe as stated!! I usually have a problem finding shoes in my size.I Orderd the correct size, a 14 wide, but they were not wide enough.
B000VX03GC Great shoe comfortable out of the box for a guy with wide feet Great shoe.  Comfortable out of the box.  I have wide feet (double E) and I dread breaking in new shoes.  Too often, new shoes for me are too narrow even if they're advertised as a wide or extra wide.  With these boots, I didn't have a single moment of breaking them in because they were made as advertised (wide in my case) and extremely comfortable.  The size was also correct (12 in my case b/c I wear a 46 metric).  I'd buy these again and I really enjoy wearing them.
B000VX03GC good boots, the wide isn't wide enough compared to EE good boots, the wide isn't wide enough compared to EE.good price so i will recommend.make sure to get a size larger
B000VX03GC Good shoe, but very narrow. Have never ordered a wide shoe in my life, but I had to return the normal pair I ordered for a wide pair.  Amazon was great about the exchange though.  Even the wides feel a little tight to start out.  The problem is no longer fitting into the boot, but tightening the laces.  Would like it if the boot were just a tad taller over the bridge area where the lower laces are.  Like I said, this is my first wide pair of shoes, so I don't think I have really weird feet and am assuming that these just run small width-wise.  The length is perfect, no issue there.I considered returning them, but decided to try them out to see if they would break in at all.  (I added Dr. Scholl's inserts, have no idea how good the ones are that come with the boots, they seem like typical foam.)  As expected, feet were a little sore the first day.  The second day, the shoes were softer and more comfortable, although still a little tight.  After 4 or 5 days, these are now a very comfortable shoe.  They are no longer tight, but I still need longer laces.Bought these mainly due to the price, goretex, and simple design (no hot pink/green/etc.).  I'm very happy with how comfortable they are, and was actually a little surprised at how good the ankle support was.  If it weren't for the sizing issue, these would probably be a 5 star for me.
B000VX03GC Not as expected Tongue is not wide enough, because the lace up is not as tight as you would expect  in a hiker.  Seemed to be a good shoe otherwise.  Returned and bought Propet instead.
B000VX03GC Tight in toes Looks great but it is tight in the toes. I'm surprised this is a wide boot. Unless you have a narrow toe definitely go with the wide version.
B000VX03GC Fits like a glove 2nd time purchasing this boot. The first set finally wore out on the soles. The molded toe rubber was separating from the boot, as this would be my only complaint. I have wide feet which the 2E size accommodates well. So if you are having trouble finding a wide boot, look no further.
B000VX03GC Good comfortable boots These boots run half-size small, and their Wide size is not that wide. So it took me a few days to wear them in and get comfortable.Other than sizing issues the boots are constructed well, good support, light, no pressure points. GoreTex membrane does its job in preventing water going in and keeping your feet dry. I hike rough terrains almost daily.
B000VX03WQ Timberland Boots Review The boots are great, perfect color, look great with a pair of jeans. The only issue I have with them is that the toe area of the boots is very narrow. When I ordered them I did so because the ad showed 9W and the description stated they were "wide." These boots are not wide, I'm hoping they stretch out as I wear them. I will go 4.5 of 5, because their Timberland boots.
B000VX04PC Classic Classic field boot. If u have wide feet as I do, you'll need to get the wide size because the boot is a pretty narrow cut. Other than that it's great
B000X46MOQ Horribly uncomfortable Ordered a 7 1/2 wide was slightly small. Returned for an 8 wide and the whole boot was uncomfortable. Felt nothing like the first pair. I am returning for a refund. Very disappointed. I have tried the steel toe on in a store and it was great.  Amazon return was very easy.
B000XEA5ZI Great Purchase These boots are awesome. They are just as I expected. I went with the EE Width because I have wide feet and glad I did. Seems like these boots are just a tad wider than most I have had in the past.
B000XEAJOK Offshore boot Wear the offshore where you are walkng on metal decks 12 hours a day. The is my 3rd pair in 7 years. They last until the bottoms are slick. Totally waterproof. I have wide feet and I can order the boot in normal size not wide version and it fits perfect. Most comfortable boot out there. Very little break in. You can put them on and go to work.
B000XEAM10 The best boots I've owned - lightweight, the fit is right and very comfortable. For me, the biggest problem with boots is that they are too wide to feel good (I wear size B width shoes). These boots with the extra eye makes it possible to pull down the width to fit.
B000XEAPDA Great boots! I was a little worried when I ordered these boots, as I have a wide foot, and I wasn't sure these would be wide enough for me.  I ended up ordering a size 12 2E US, even thought the description says 12 W.  They are fine and very comfortable, in fact, I am wearing these in my office as I type!  The width was perfect, even for my wide feet.  Very nice quality and stylish to boot!
B000XEEQAI shoe says wide size but its not I have been wearing these shoes for years, my work has a shoe allowance that goes towards new shoes each year so I bought a 8inch tall Titan shoe for work and decided to buy a 6 inch pair for home through Amazon. The price was right so I purchased a pair, I take a wide so I ordered a wide, the shoes visually look small on the width when I unpacked them and when I put them on the are very snug, the reason I know they are mislabled is I just purchased from shoe mobile the same shoe in wide and the fitment is correct compared to the Amazon purchased pair, big difference, maybe this is why the were so cheap they mislabled the shoes. I'm in procees of sending them back for a refund. I'm afraid to ask for another pair afraid of the same thing happening again!!
B000XEEQAI Very Comfortable After Break In The positive reviews I've read about this boot are accurate. I was starting to question my purchase during the first week of wearing them at work. My little toes were soar from getting scrunched all day (ordered wide size too) and there was a part of the tongue that was rubbing on the front side of my right ankle. But, after about 5 days of use, they started to break in nicely and now I can't think of a more comfortable boot that I've worn in the past! I first bought a pair for my son about a year ago. His feet are extra extra wide and he loves the boots. That's really what triggered the purchase for myself.
B000XEEW9S wideness they didnt put for wide feet or not so they did not fit all that well at all so now i got a pair of good boots and they dont fit right they hurt the sides of my feet
B000XEH2JA W width is truly wide. These boots stand up to everyday work related wear and tear. An issue I've had with other boots is the boot being wide but the steel toe is the same wide in all sizes, these boots have a nice wide steel toe.
B000XEH2JA Titian Very comfortable if you have a wide foot this steel gives more room than most very good for the price but doesnt last as long as my red wings
B000XEIZ7S WIDTH I LOVE MY SHOES BUT THESE WERE PURCHASED FOR MY BROTHER. THEY WERE TOO NARROW FOR A WIDE.THE WIDE SEEMED MORE LIKE A MED
B000XEJ9V4 timberland pro men's boots i got them in an o boy I had to rush home with them to see just how they feltan they are every thing I had hop for min are a  M wide so I that note if your a wide that's what you wantI will be looking to buy more of them soon because I don't like to wear the same ones all the time
B000XEKCRE ET from Texas I have used timberland boots for over ten years and I have also tried the other major brands like Red Wing, Wolverine and Rocky. These boots out do the others by having a more natural fit. I have a wide foot and use a size in wide width .This brand has a short break in time if any at all, and the quality holds up to hard working conditions in both the oilfield and heavy construction invironments.I received super fast shipping and customer service is very attentive if needed.
B000XEKHOC Mismatched Boots I ordered a pair of 10.5 mediums.  In the box I received, the right boot is a 10.5 wide and the left boot is a 10.5 medium. Having two relatively normal feet, this does not work for me. First and last time I buy footwear online. Should have known better.
B000XEKHOC Good boots I always worry about getting shoes by mail, and whether when they say wide it really is. These fit, look like the picture and are comfortable.
B000XEKIUK My foot is a bit on the wide side but M in this boot fits great I'm replacing a very similar Timberland boot that was so old the sole was worn almost smooth. I use them for around the house construction projects and gardening. The construction looks solid and they are very comfortable. I was tempted to order the 2e width because my foot runs a little on the wider side but ordered the M width anyway. They feel just right. I finally broke down and ordered new boots because I was working on ladders with the worn soles from the previous pair (might be 15 years old) and wasn't getting a good footing on the rungs. The new boots are very secure on the ladder.
B000XEKIUK Good boots! The sizing was a little too large for me, but w/e I'll live with it.Only get wide IF!!!!!!! you actually have wide feet ....if you're more like....&#34;Hmmm well I have long feet, so i guess that counts..&#34; no, only get it IF!!! you have arguably wide feetOther than that, great
B000XEKIUK Not wide The size says they are wides but they are tight. They feel like a narrow. They fit smaller than a wide or 2E.
B000XEKK94 I should have gotten size 7 1/2 wide Timberland Boots instead of size 8 wide TImberland Boots. I chose this rating because I usually buy a size 8 in timberland boots for a comfortable fit but I wear a size 7 1/2. I should have gotten a  size 7 1/2 wide pair of timberland boots which probably would have been just right for my feet.
B000XEKK94 Excellent Timberland quality These are very well made work boots. The lug soles are high quality as is the leather. The medium width is wider than normal. I have a D width foot, and even with heavy socks, these boots are too wide. There is not much arch support (but that is fairly standard).
B000XEKK94 Good fit and fast shipping I got this for my boyfriend for his birthday. He's normally size 12 and the 11 Wide fit him perfectly! He has pretty wide feet. Great quality and arrived as expected.
B000XEKK94 Just a little wide! I sent the 10 1/2 M's back, because they were Waaaay too tight (this is my normal size). The wide size  is just a bit too wide --but I can live with this more than too narrow. I feel there may have been a bit of a manufacturing mistake here. Laced up tighter --these feel OK, and there will be room for extra pair of socks -or a heavier kind of sock. Sooo-- all is well, and these boots seem as they will last a long time
B000XEKK94 Very good boots!  Sizes may vary a bit though. I first tried a pair of the Timberland Pro Direct Attach light brown boots in size 11D at a local store.  They squeezed my feet a bit side to size, so I figured the wide version (11W) would solve the problem.  But the local store didn't have the wide sizes Timberland Pro makes, nor did they have half sizes above size 10.Amazon.com to the rescue! :)  Here I found all the sizes in-stock in both in wide and regular.  I ordered an 11W from Amazon.  Since 11D was too tight side to side, then 11W should be just the ticket. I ordered in dark brown this time, a color the local store didn't stock.But to my surprise the 11W turned out to be longer in addition to (much) wider!  Didn't make any sense.  Going from 11D to 11W should not change the length.  But it did - these were now slipping around side to side and top to bottom.  The only thing I can figure is going from light brown to dark brown must have affected something.  Maybe the two colors are made in different parts of the world on different machines.Back they went thanks to Amazon's great return policy and I went down to a 10.5W on the replacement order, figuring maybe they would get smaller in both directions.  Sure enough, that is what happened.  The 10.5W fit perfectly.  Less wide side to side and and also less long front to back.  I wound up then buying a second pair of the 10.5W from Amazon.com since the first fit so well. But... here we go again with Timberland's apparently loose calibration on their fabrication machines.  Same shoe, same size, same color, but this pair was now slightly tight side to side.  After a day of wearing they stretched out sufficiently and are OK.At this point I only have a few days experience with the shoes, but I would buy again, just with the expectation that how a "10.5W" fits may vary a bit from order to order.
B000XELF3O Timberland For the Timberland product I've always ordered, I made sure i ordered these in a double wide. Although these were a bit narrower than other Timberland boots ive ordered, I can probably make due.  Its something with the built in plastic sole underneath the foam padding thats narrower.
B000XELF3O Great boots These are VERY comfortable. Especially for wide flat feet. They were true to size and shipped quickly. Will definitely buy again.
B000XELF3O Have a wide foot? These are awesome for you. I had waterproof Timberland work boots already with synthetic material on top. Needed some all leather boots for welding etc. Very comfortable, breathable, and best of all, super tough. Highly recommended. They look great too.If you're like me and have a wide foot ( I think its EE size) then these are perfect. Plenty wide with room to spare.
B000XELF3O A little wide If your are thinking about buying these and do not have a very wide foot try buying a half size small. Besides that they are comfortable and seem that they will last quite a bit.
B000XELF3O Beautiful, Well Made Boot, But Runs Wide I have two pairs of Timberland boots/shoes and really love the brand. The Pit Boss boots look great and have a great build quality. However, I returned these boots because they are too wide (even though they are the same size/width as my other Timberlands). I would have given these boots a higher rating if they fit like my other Timberlands. Amazon charges a modest fee for return postage if the boots don't fit.
B000XELF3O tight ordered a sz 12 cause they have always been wide enough for my 11.5 fat feet,not this pair of boot's tho.
B000XELF3O only timberlands i buy Awesome Gen. Work boot. I dont personally use during winter much but eould be warm enough with a wool sock. If u even question the width or want to wear thick socks go with the wide. My foot is normal to slight narrow but wide width works pergectly for me.
B000XELF3O Good Work Boot Bought these boots for my husband who wears Timberland's religiously for work. They fit a wide foot. They were a little snug but after the 3rd day were fine. He wears and ordered 9 1/2 wide.  According to him "Best boot for the money" Personally I like the darker color.
B000XELF3O Nice boots. These were very comfy boots, BUT I had to return them because my feet were to wide for them.  Unfortunately Timberland does not make any wider sizes than the one I received.  It's too bad I was blessed with the wide feet.
B000XELF3O Comfortable boot. Great boot. Really comfortable. I got the wide version and it's a little snug up front. I have wide feet. Not really a deal breaker but it could have been a little more wide. Feel Better than my caterpillar second shift boots.
B000XELF3O Fit right away The W was wide (sometimes you get shoes that are marked wide but really aren't).  Could wear right away with no break-in needed
B000XETJU0 comfy fits better than expected. very comfortable from the 1st wear.  good for wide feet and those with high arches. very happy so far!
B000XETJU0 Too Wide These boots run wide so be aware of that. With thick enough socks they are okay but I feel like I may end up having to pull the laces pretty tight to keep them fitting well. I don't think my feet are overly narrow. Every other pair of shoes and boots I own fit fine?
B000XETJU0 A Bit Stiff and Wide These boots are too wide for my feet so unless I wear two pairs of socks I will be sliding around inside of them a bit. They also require quite a bit of breaking in but I'm hoping that's a sign of long-term durability.
B000XETJU0 Gotta find the right size First off,.. let me say I love Timberland casual boots, work boots and shoes. That said, getting a pair of Tims that fit right off the bat is really a crap shoot, and that's the reason for the 3 star rating.For me, the 8.5 wides will usually fit, in both shoes and boots, off the shelf, but I really have to try 'em on to be sure. My custom Tims are actually an 8 wide, and still a bit too BIG. Bummer cuz since they're custom, Timberland  won't exchange 'em.I ordered a pair of the Pro Pitboss boots (from amazon.com) in 8.5 wide but they are actually too SMALL, so,.. back they go and I'll be ordering the 9 wides to see if they fit any better.Amazon has been great about exchanging these, but really, Timberland,... can you be a bit more consistent with your sizing??
B000XETJU0 Great Boot, Best Price Available is on Amazon My brother has a pair of these boots and LOVES them. He got his on another popular online shoe website, and paid $15 more.I was looking for a tough, uninsulated boot that I could wear in the summer when working in the woods etc. This boot looks nice and seems to be very good quality.I ordered a 10 Wide (EE), and when I got this pair it seemed true to size, in fact just a bit too wide for my foot. I sent it back to exchange it for a 10 Medium. My foot was sliding side to side just a little, and I think a 10 medium will be perfect.I can't wait for the replacement to arrive!
B000XEVJJO Not good for wide feet I got the wide expecting them to be comfortable but they are still too narrow and rub the side of my foot causing pain
B000XEVLF6 good quality but not wide as expected I have bought size 9 2E (wide). Well, after two weeks struggle I have to admit that they are not wide at all and I can't wear them as the widest part of my feet really sore just after a couple of hours. My actual size is 8 1/2 and I never had a problem with any kind of shoes/boots providing they are wide by spec. In this case the sticker inside boots says 9 W (wide) but I would say they are regular. My friend whose size is 9 regular tried them and confirmed that they are definitely regular and not wide. Other than that nice boots. It's a pity that I can't wear them...Wasted money.
B000XEVLF6 too narrow the shoe is not wide enough for my feet even though I bought a Wide...too hard to say overall as too uncomfortable to wear
B000XEVLF6 I like it! no slipping in the yard. protects my toes. I like it. I got it Wide, so it is very comfortable for me!
B000XEVLF6 Not as wide as it should be It's not as wide as I thought it would. My other shoes with size 15 2E fits perfect. That's the only bad thing with it
B000XEVLF6 Timberlands They were great in the length but were not wide enough. I usually wear a wide but these were not wide enough.
B000XEVM50 not wide enough I order 9 w but it is not wide enough. normally i wear 8.5 w sport shoes. so i return it.
B000XEVM50 Not for wide feet Returning immediately.  Glad I bought a second boot. These are too narrow in the toe and instep even though the description says wide.
B000XEVM50 Wide shoes fit me great. I often have trouble finding shoes in person because of the lack wide sizes. These fit me great. I needed something sturdy for work, since I have to carry building materials and such. I've been using these for over a year now.
B000XEW60K buying again will always buy a slip on. saves about two minutes each morning.  very comfortable, even for my wide feet. will just reorder this item when replacement is needed.
B000XEW60K Great design and look - some fit issues but that's usual for me I really liked the shoes and they offer both protection and good style. I ordered the wide width, but actually need extra-wide, which is nearly impossible to find. Instead I ordered a half-size larger and that works mostly, but the shoes are still a bit to narrow and somewhat too big overall.  However, I'm used to never finding shoes that really fit right, so for taking a shot in the dark with an online order, I'm pleased in general.
B000XEX67M nice boots but... i have always wanted some boots like these, & finally got them, i'm really glad that my job paid for them & not me because i would've been really upset if i had paid that price for them.i normally wear a 12 in shoes or boots but because my feet is a little wide, i have to get a 13. when i ordered these i got a 13wide & was expecting it to be too big or fit just right, when i put them on they was a little tight, but fits real good. if you wear a 12 with a wide feet you may want to get a 13 wide or a 13 1/2 wide to fit just right.i had these boots over three weeks now, & had to put extra souls in for the padding, & still ain't got these boots broken in yet. i work 12 hour shifts & by the end of the shift my feet are hurting badly.i don't do any welding except for on my own stuff on the side once in a blue moon, so i can't comment on the welding part as for as how they would work around welding stuff.if your looking for a nice looking boot that you don't wear for a long period of time than these boots are for you.
B000XF04LM WIDE FEET - the XW fits well I would make it a 4 star for the sole isn't comfortable but that's easily swapped.  I would suggest you go half a size larger since it's a steel toe.  If you need wide shoes/boots look no further!
B000XF04LM Unbelievable ... Finally, a shoe size that is real !! Great fit and comfort. I have a wide foot and have had few shoes that allow my feet to be relaxed.
B000XF04LM timberland pro These were replacements for another pair of timberland pro oxfords. Same great fit and comfort. I work in a plating shop and am on my feet all day. I normally where an extra wide shoe, but in these a medium width works.
B000XF4D1Y Does not fit me comfortably These are not right for me. Bought them for work to replace my Dunham's 410 oxford, which I broke after four months of daily use. I don't understand how but I wear out the padded inserts and collapse the sole in the ball of foot area. The results is ball sinks just a little and causes me pain. These feel like the ball of my foot is already in a low spot.Pros:*Nice looking shoe.*Length is true to size.*Support is good in the heel and arch.*Arrived in two days as expected.*Amazon's return shipping for shoes is free.Con:*Wide width is not wide enough in the toe and ball of the foot area.*Low spot in ball of foot area.You decide:*Sole is a little soft, meaning the heel has a little bounce or give. These are firm compared to my Rockport's but still to soft for my taste. The Dunham's are just right for me.
B000XF4D1Y One Star not wide enough as expected, length is longer than normal and very uncomfortable.
B000XR2GN4 Pleanty of room for toes Nice quality boots. Ordered the Medium wide and they fit loose. Recommend trying on in a store for fit with your normal work socks.
B000XR2GN4 They last me for a good one year I work for the Phone Co and use this boots on a daily basis. They feel very confy and last a long time.  You don't need the WIDE size unless your feet were really that big/wide.  They last me for a good one year. It's a good deal and your confort is worth it.
B000XR2W1U Perfect for engineers in steamers!! Excellent fit, sized as equal to bates, much lighter, easy to shine, laces faster than normal due to the latches rather than holes. I recommend wide fit for wide feet. These arent in regs for nwus.
B000XR2W1U Great! I ordered a half size small and they were just right with avg socks. The wide width was definitely not too wide. These boots felt totally broke in right out of the box. Have not worn them outside in cold weather yet.I would definitely recommend these boots.
B000XR2W6A C/D size is too narrow for my wide feet It's been a challenge to find workboots for small, wide feet! I actually wear a size 5, but always need a 6 in boots for the socks. I also have really wide feet. Size 6 C/D was way too narrow for me. I might try a 6.5 or 7 Wide, because these boots seem like they'd be comfortable and perfect for my work.
B000XXGMRO Better than expected These are the perfect boots. If you were to look up the definition of a boot, this is what should be shown next to that definition. They are very well made and are extremely comfortable. I love the dark color. They look better in person than in pictures. I originally ordered my regular size, but like many other reviewers say, you should order a half size smaller. They fit very well. I have wide feet so I got the wide (2E).  I love the roominess in the toe: perfect for thick socks. They are also very versatile. I have worn them with dress khakis and they look great, but they also go well with jeans. Finally, I love that they are waterproof, but I have yet to test that feature out. I will definitely buy another pair or have these resoled if these ever wear out. Buy these boots, you won't be disappointed.
B000XXGMRO Need width size info? Look Here. Also the Best Boots for an office khaki wearing motorcycle commuter! (scroll to the bottom for width sizes)I saw these boots at my local retailer, loved them at first sight and tried them on.  I regularly wear a size 12 but they were  big. Great fit was at an 11.5 wide i think but they didn't have a wide, just a narrow. If it weren't for that I would have happily coughed up the $180 or $190. But i still was trying to convince myself to take them home. So i begged and cried to my wife from my mens department to please come look at my new boots. So after some continuing embarrasement she finally left her womens shoe department and gave me some much needed attention. Even my wife said they would look good with jeans and khakis and agreed they were pricey but justifiable solely on their good looks. And oh they are timberlands she said, that's nice. I didn't care if they were Payless shoe boots they looked awesome, rugged and sophisticated. Perfect for me! Although I have to add Timberlands are quite comfy and lasting because I'ved owned (2) pairs of PRO Tiatans for but busting activities like hiking and kicking hot pipes at the oil refinery. My first pair fell victim to sulfuric acid dripping on the top, but they saved my foot!With that said, I had to have them. She told me why not try another store or even amazon like you always do. Oh yeah, she's a genius! Went on amazon on my mobile and wow they are so cheap!  My wife saw that and zipped away to buy now 2 extra pair of shoes.But amazon had different colors and many sizes. No problem I had a Brannock device right next to me ( the metal foot ruler thing-a-magig with sliders and stuff to measure proper shoe sizes). So I played around with the device and used my fat foot ( most people will not have symmetrical perfectly feet, weird I know but true).  But my left had been broken in half and now was permanently pregnant, so I knew I needed wide, but how wide? So here are my research findings after fiddling around with the Bannock device with both feet.Fit sizeGet at least 1/2 size smaller in length and standard or slightly wider size (C or D) and maybe even a whole 1 size smaller but if you do get a wide shoe.  the letter designations are different widths. But they differ slightly with different shoe sizes. D is standard width for a given shoe size. I think the increments are in 1/8" or 3/16" according to my ruler on my pocket knife.AAA = Super SlimAA = Extra Slim (the more A's the more Extra)A = SlimB = NarrowC = Less standard width almost narrowD = Standard Width / MediumE = WideEE = Extra WideEEE  = FatEEEE = Super FatAnyway I usually get a 12 standard  (D) but I bought 11.5 E. My left foot was easily a EE but I didn't want him to look at a mirror next to the right and feel bad.These boots also saved my high water pant problem when commuting to the office on the motorcycle. The lace height easily covers my sexy ankles and saves countless women from distraction while driving.  The short height of the toes make them almost pass for casual brown shoes. I now pair these boots with my chinos and my engineer issued plaid shirts to wreck havock on the office women and keep them from being productive.
B000XXGMRO The fit I saw several reviews that said the boots run a little big. I agree. I have wide feet and ordered a 10.5 wide and thought they were on the bigger side. By way of comparison, I wear a 11 EEE in Asics running shoes. The size of these boots is nothing a pair of thick winter socks won't cure.
B000XXGMRO Not as wide as original boots were I Compare these to my three year old model earth keepers and they are not as wide. That is very disappointing
B000XXGMRO A Fantastic Boot, A Fantastic Buy The durability and workmanship of these Earthkeeprs is first rate, but more importantly, the footbed is the most comfortable I have ever worn. I am on my feet almost all day, and these boots keep my feet comfortable, and above all, cool.They are also extremly light because because they're not packed with cushie liner, or heavy outsoles. As to size, they run true (for me) I should wear a 10 B-width narrow, but the Timberland medium is a true medium: not as wide as boat, and the toe box and length are absolutely perfect. Bravo, Five Stars!
B000YDBIJU Great for wide feet I recommend this shoe if W width shoes force you to buy bigger shoes than you need. If your foot length needs 11 buy you buy 12 to get added width.
B000YDBIJU Comfortable but too wide These shoes have a lot of cushioning.  They're convenient because of the Velcro.  But, they're so wide they look and feel like duck feet.  I think I'd like the way they look better if they weren't so wide.  Look at the top view before you buy them.  That's what you'll be seeing.  Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to read Brad's review again.  He makes my troubles seem so insignificant.
B000YT9FZ8 Not True in width If your buying this as a wide width shoe think again. felt small than marked, i have it to return!
B0013KIZWQ CUTE SHOES I am always looking for a stylish velcro shoe that 1. Isn't too stiff, 2. Is wide enough, and 3.  Doesn't cost a fortune!  It's great that this shoe is cute, too!  My 5 year old put these on as soon as we got them and wore them around the house all afternoon.  They seem sturdy, and are very easy on/off with the wide velcro strap.  I am curious to see how long the velcro will hold out, however, with lots of wear.  These shoes would be perfect if they came in a wide.  My son has relatively wide/thick feet.  He always had to wear Stride Rite XW as a toddler and now that his feet have thinned out a little, he still needs a shoe with a wide toe box.  These seem a little snug, but the shoe is soft enough and just wide enough they seem to accommodate his foot fine.  He says they do not rub or hurt.  However, I think they would be perfect if they came in a wide and had a wider, roomier toe box, like a Keen.  The cushioning seems good, but not great.  Overall, good pair of "sneaks" as my son call them, for under $20.
B001704YR2 Seriously Comfortable Shoe First time I put them on I felt like I was on a Gel Anti-Fatigue mat.  These are some really comfortable shoes.  Fit well and they were wide enough for my super wide feet which is always a plus.
B001704YR2 Good look but tight I ordered a 14 wide and the width feels more like a D.  I'll have to see if I can have them stretched in order to wear them.
B001760K56 I would recommend these boots for anyone who has a wide foot.  I have a wide foot, bought these in W and my regular size and these are feeling pretty comfortable.  They are rubbing a bit in spots around my ankle, I think I just need to get them broken in. If you are looking for dressy boots, these are not for you.  My least favorite thing about these boots are the gold colored buckles, zipper and button attaching the bottom buckle.  I bought these in black and the gold accents would be better done in silver.  Thank you to everyone that takes time to write reviews, it's really helpful!
B001760K56 My daughter loved these boots, but there were supposed to be for me I have a wide foot and when it was discovered that these boots were also made in wide I knew I had to have them. The boots are constructed well and the feature of being waterproof was one of the reasons why I bought them. Even though I ordered my normal size (10W), even when tried on with thin dress socks the boot was not long or wide enough. Luckily they fit my daughter like a dream (she normally wears 9M). I love the boot, but recommend that buyers order a size up.
B001760K56 Surprised... Great boots. Went with half size smaller in the wide, as suggested by other reviewers. It's a little wide, but comfortable. Ankle is tight and a little stiff, but is stretching and softening nicely. Got many compliments already. Great price on Amazon, too.
B001760K56 Not a Wide Calf Boot Loved them. Very pretty. Very disappointed though - purchased the wide width but this boot is in no way wide. If you have wide or athletic calves - do not purchase! I sold them to my neighbor!
B001760K56 Finally! I just received these boots today.  Not only are they gorgeous, they are true to size and fit.  I have a wide foot and I ordered them in wide, that's exactly what I got.  I have walker's calves and was able to zip them up.  I can see myself choosing these when I have to be fashionable, yet available to walk any distance.  I am looking to order another pair in black after I write this review.
B001760K56 Just what I wanted! I wanted a pair of black (real black leather, not the dark gray "black" leather) flat heeled, tall boots and I fell in love with the shape of these right away. The waterproof aspect will be wonderful in MN winters and spring and I know that Timberlands can last several years. The reason I deducted a star was due to the sizing of the boot. I normally wear a 6.5 in heels and a 7 in boots/sneakers. I wouldn't consider myself having wide or narrow feet, just average. I read all the reviews and decided to wing it and I purchased these boots in a 6 (a whole size down!) and in the wide width. I'm very pleased that I did! They fit perfectly, just like a 7 normally would. I have scrawny calves, so no issue there with zipping it up, but my sisters make fun of my cankles and I have no problem with that area of the boot either. I think the leather will conform to my foot with some breaking in, but I wouldn't expect them to stretch a lot (if they are way too snug on the foot). They are comfy from first wear as well.I would totally recommend these boots, a size down and wide width.The sale price is great too!
B001760K56 timberland women's lexiss full shaft boot Ordered this for my daughter who's at college in Iowa and she is absolutely thrilled with the boots.  She says that they are super comfortable and she's very pleased, especially as she has wide feet and most shoes tend to fit her feet too snuggly.  She loves how stylish they are too.
B001760K56 Really Nice, but not wide enough These are really nice looking boots, and obviously well made, but just not wide enough for my feet.  I ordered the 11 C/D, and the length was right, but they pinched across the arch area of my foot.  They do have some arch, which was a problem since I have flat feet.I'm sure these would be great for someone with normal feet.
B001760K56 Okay boots They look quite nice and are sort-of comfortable, but after a few hours in them, I found that the so-called wide fitting really isn't that wide. I got the 7 in the wide fitting - I usually get 7.5 to compensate for my wide feet- though they initially felt okay, it started to 'hurt' after a couple of hours. Also, I agree with some other reviews that say that it is on the 'short' side, that is, definitely NOT for the long-legged, and, you do need slim calves as well(there is a small adjustment buckle at the top)
B001760K56 The most demanding shoes I have ever met! I have tried a couple of orders with the Timberland Lexiss boots. I love the appearance of shoes right when I saw them. Based on my experiences, the shoes definitely are longer and more narrow than usual shoes. If your feet are narrow, you would have a much easier time dealing with the medium width. However, the length does go half to one size bigger. If you have medium or wide feet, be sure to choose the wide width. My normal size is 6-6.5 medium. For these boots, 5.5 W fits best for me. Also, these will not work for wide calf. My calf is small 12.5'' on the widest part but with skinny jeans tucked in, there is not much room left.  As long as you could find the size that works great for you, Congratulations! These shoes are absolutely something. Super comfortable and sleek with flexible styles.
B001EWFF30 Like them Like them wish they would make them extra wide as well for my size 14. Then it would be 5 stars.
B001EWFF30 Nailed it I am weary of ordering shoes online but I nailed it with this one. I ordered the wide fit (denoted with an E or something, I had to look up what it meant.). I have always liked Timberlands and this shoe reminded my why that is. Also, this is the first time I have ever ordered wide fit. I honestly didn't know that was an option but when selecting a size I was confused when I had the option of 10D and 10E (at least I think those were the letters). Anyway, these shoes look great, fit great, and feel great.
B001EWFF30 Great boots but sizing? Why do they say a size is wide and it obviously is really no wider than a normal shoe?Don't get me wrong- Timberlands are great boots and worth the price but I am just a little disappointed inThe sizing. Maybe I need a double wide :)
B001EWFF30 flume boot... 5+++ stars. Very comfortable, very light weight and they look great too.  My feet feel best in wide shoes so I got 9.5 wide...perfect fit!  I definitely have some room to wiggle my toes with regular socks on...more snug but still very comfortable with heavy socks.  I have never had a better fitting boot than these, that's pretty good since ordered online without trying 1st.  I can't comment on durability because I've only had them a couple of weeks.  I wear them every day.  Highly recommend.
B001FXZU92 Wide is not wide enough I ordered this boot in Wide, however there was not enough width across the ball of my foot so I had to return them.  I will have to find a boot in 2E.
B001G7RCZ2 weird sizing I had to order these shoes smaller than my normal size (7.5 versus an 8 and could have even gone down another size) and even ordering it in the wider width, it felt like it was not wide enough and the sides dug into the bottom of my foot. On the plus side, the leather looked nice and the sandals appeared to be good quality.
B001L1DBQC Very wide fit Ordered these for our son who usually wears a medium/regular width.  With regular socks, these were way too wide and his foot was floating around in the boot.  I usually wear a 10.5 but in a triple E.  For me, the left boot seemed to fit perfectly but the right was a little snug. When I purchase a pair of shoes or boots, I rarely notice a difference in fit from left to right so I wonder about the construction of the boots we received. Since neither one of us could wear them, they were returned.Otherwise, the boots looked good.  Would like to rate them above 2 stars but the width did not seem correct.
B001L1DBQC Great boot, just a bit wide for my heals. Quality is excellent with good features. No durability issues so far. Only reason it's not 5 stars is the fit.  Although I don't usually have this problem, the heal is too big for me.  Tore my heals up quickly.  Will need a cobbler to fit them to my feet.  That's just a function of me not having wide feet.  As long as you don't have narrow heals, they are a nice boot.
B001LI7HJC Wonderful Boot for Wide Feet!!!! Great Boots!!!! Comfortable, Warm and Stylish. If u wear a 10 1/2 wide u can order an 11 medium unless you need an extra extra wide. For those that have wide feet you know normally we can't buy mediums to wear for comfort even if we get the next size up. They run a little wide but GREAT FOR ME!!!!
B001PUF93C good working shoes Bought it as a present for my dad on the Father's Day.He liked it.seem true to size and wide,not heavy.
B001SARJXC Comfortable boot for the money I normally wear a 10.5 and have a wide forefoot, I ordered the 10.5's and they were too big.  Just got the 10's and they fit just right. The leather is soft out of the box.  The heel height is lower than I expected but I expect will be comfortable for the long haul.
B001SARJXC Very solid I only had it for a couple of weeks and the boots fits me well without having to break in (ordered wide as my feet are wider than others). It seems somewhat tight on the top as others have described in the review but I'm certain that it will stretch out after few wears. It's solid and it's worth the money.
B001SARJXC Ankle too skinny The boots looked good, but the ankle portion was not wide enough.  Had to send them back.  Nice quality leather.
B001U89LQK Lovely but too wide on top. I have wide feet but a normal calf. I was really hoping these would be 'it' to wear with pants and skirts. Alas, good fit in wide width but much too roomy at top of shaft. I am short and they did almost hit my knee but this wasn't the deal breaker.
B001VNCKJ4 Great Bood but fits 1 to 1 1/2 size large and WIDE! We loved the boots but they were so big (and my hubby is a size 15!!) and the 15's fit more like a 16 and they were WIDE...like no support on the side wide.  So we returned them only to have no smaller option to buy.  Can't review them beyond that...sorry!
B0024MVAI8 Good Boot Needs some breaking in.  Width goes from D to EE.  Wish they would stop at E along the way.  These are a bit wide.
B00261CDYW Comfort Comfortable shoe for wide feet are hard to find.  These fit the bill nicely.
B0028N7EV0 Relief for sore, wide, hard to fit, working feet 
B00295RHNM Great, they do run small. I was pleased to find an attractive, waterproof, steel toe boot for women. I haven't had the chance to wear them at work yet, but around the house the boots were incredibly comfortable from the get-go. They supposedly have an anti-fatigue insert or something built in, and it does feel that way.I did read the other reviews and would recommend ordering a half size up. I do not normally buy wide shoes either, but I opted for a 8.5 Wide so that I can wear thick socks when need be! My typical size is 8 (normal, not wide) in brands such as TOMS, Ugg, etc.
B00295RHNM Wide fit like regular width I normally wear 6.5 for dress shoes/sandals and 7 for boots.  My feet are medium width.  However, the last Timberland I owned felt too narrow, so I ordered 7W this time.  I was hoping to wear heavier socks with it.  Nope.  It feels snug with a pair of light socks.  It's not a deal breaker, because I got this for non-winter seasons.  The size is right length wise.  There are a couple of ridges/ruffles on the insole.  At first, I thought it was a defect.  Then, I realized it must be the anti-fatigue technology.  It felt weird when I was putting them on, but wasn't as noticeable when I was standing.  I decided to keep them, because I got a great deal on them.  I would have returned them for the regular price.
B00295RJIU Oh so comfortable The reviews were right! These shoes are very comfortable!!! Feelis like walking on a cloud. I should have bought a wide width BUT the shoe leather allowed it to stretch and conform to my feet, so they fit well! If i bought WW i might have had a bit more room but it has not affected the fit of the shoe. The fit is true to size.  Light weight and breathe well...which is important to me as i have sweaty feet. Can't wait to run around in clinicals in these :)
B00295RJIU Just ok I couldn't quite get the right fit. I guess I was in between sizes. The other thing is the shoes are bulky and don't look nice with dress pants unless the pants have a wide leg. I wouldn't buy them again.
B00295RJIU Best shoe for nursing/CNA Bought these shoes for all the hours I spend on my feet as a nursing assistant. They are a bit pricey, but definitely worth it. The toe box was wide enough for my feet, especially when they swell at the end of the day. I am now on my second pair and they are just as good as the first. I did find that I needed to replace them after about a year and a half due to how much I used them. It may not have been necessary to replace them so soon as they were still in good enough condition, but I like to try and take care of my feet.The heel area in the wide version is a bit too wide for me, so next time I will stay with the 10 regular, but the extra space does allow me to wear thicker socks on colder days.
B00295RJIU Very comfortable shoe...... I ordered this shoe in a size 9.5 wide but they run about a 1/2 size big so I'm returning and have already ordered a size 9 wide. These are very comfortable and go well with kaki's or jeans........Can't wait to get my size 9 wide.
B00295RJIU The Reviews on these were correct Ordered these because I'm a CA and on my feet and up and down stairs all day, was worried because I was having so much trouble finding a good quality shoe..... Read the Reviews on these and many many others, but these stood out the most. When I got them I wore them to work and they were great and fit like a glove, I ordered 7 1/2 wide and they were perfect for me. I love them. Very Happy!!!
B00295RJIU Ok for short periods of time I got these for my Mom who has plantar fasciitis. I got her a wide after so many great reviews on the fit.  She wears a 7.5 wide.  Unfortunately, she said that when she is wearing them for short periods of time they are fine, but when she wears them for more then a few hours her feet are throbbing and she has to remove them.  These don't really stretch out even after days/hours of wear. I would try to find these in store to try on before you buy it online to see how they fit because they are on the pricey side.
B0029XG5YG Tight Fitting boots These boots are extremely comfortable, however, they are an absolute pain in the rear to put on or take off, and though they say they are EE wide, they fit extremely tight in the side of the boot, which may or may not be a good thing depending on whether or not you like that feeling, one thing I will point out, is there, at least in my pair, not a lot of clearance in the steel toe part of the boot, I can definitely feel the steel toe pressing down at the base of my toes. Granted I have wide feet, I usually get the widest size I can, 3E or 4E if its available, however, the 2E is as wide as this boot comes, so understandably these boots do not fit as good as my Redwings. I will say that once you do actually manage to get them on, they are very comfortable to walk in, I have yet to test out their cold weather insulation, but all in all I would say they are a 3-3.5 star boot. I hope they stretch out a bit, and if they do, I might, I say, might, consider buying these boots in the future, but I will have to see if or how long they hold up.
B0029XG5YG tight fit if you have a big or wide foot This is more of a warning review, if you are considering these boots....If you have a big and or wide foot (I'm 12 EE), these may not be the right boot for you.  I could not even get my foot in to the boot without having to unlace the entire upper portion, so it was a return item for me....
B002ASAJPG I love it It is what I expected since I purchased it, I would like to probe a Wide size and then I would have other opinion, for now this is ok
B002ASAJPG Not a true wide I am sorry but will need to return these shoes, they are very, very tight.  I don't think they are a true wide.  Thank you for asking.
B002ASAKN2 Should have went to the shoe store I ordered 10 2e which should be extra extra wide. I received 10 wide which felt like it was crushing my foot, hence the reason I ordered 2e. The boots were heavier than i expected also, they felt twice as heavy as what ive been wearing which are Bates ultra lites which feel like tennis shoes (but i needed something waterproof). So i cant really give them a wear review. I doubt i'll order shoes from the internet again after the hassle of needing something asap having to wait only to get the wrong ones. Ill just go to the shoe store to be sure they fit and walk out with em on.
B002ASAKN2 Great boots Much more comfortable than my "old style" Timberlands - very soft and nice. Feet stay dry even in 93F, humid Florida summer weather. I bought the wide version and they are plenty wide - I will probably try the standard width when I buy the next pair.
B002ASAKN2 Not as comfortable as other boots.. They seem to be a little more durable. Although they arentas comfortable as other timberland boots I have owned. The wide width definitely is not very wide. As soon as I lace the boots I feel like my little toe is crushed, Im not sure if its because they arent broken in yet. Ill write a a follow up in a month or two.
B002ASANG6 Wide steel toe is WIDE The wide part is really wide.  They're pretty comfortable.  Had to break um in.  Put another set of insoles in um.  The leather has lasted several months in rain and dirt.  They're good, but not great.  The tongue stays put and is padded.  The laces aren't too long.  Feel heavy and clunky.
B002ASANG6 Wide toe box. I have a wide ball of foot and a standard to narrow heal, so if i end up buying a 2EE or 4EEE boot the heal is just too wide, if i but any other boot in a regular width that fits my heal the steel toe digs into my toes, this boot gave me just the right fit for a regular width boot, it fits on my heal and is plenty wide enough for my toes too, in fact i believe this is the widest toe box i have ever found on a standard width boot. I do a lot of kneeling, crawling and other physical work and these boots do not bother my toes at all!I do have a couple areas that i would like to see improvement on tho, the first it the plastic heal guard in the back is a little flatter in the inside than my Achilles so it does make the liner wear out a little quickly, probably 6 months of daily use, i don't notice it much tho and thankfully no blisters.  The other is the sole will last about 9-10 months, then you hit a point where it just feels like it does not support your feet anymore. I would like to see more arch support in this boot but i say that about every boot i have ever tried on.I just purchased my second pair right before i typed this as my first pair is finally wearing out. To me the pro's out weigh the cons on this boot, my toes have been hammered on on so many different brands and models that after using these i'll just buy 2 pair a year if i have too to get this wide toe box.
B002CVUSY8 Good looking and comfortable boot I haven't had these long , but so far so good.  They are comfortable and look great!After reading all the posts about them running a little big I ordered size 9.5 instead of 10 in a med. width.  The boots fit fine but are a tad wide but not enough to make them uncomfortable.
B002ONBKLO A bit narrow My toddler has a bit wide feet. His previous shoes were not wide width and in the store where I measured his size they said his feet are not too wide, but in W he might be more comfortable. So, this is only precaution as these shoes seem to be quite narrow, hard to put on. Other than that, they are nice stylish and flexible shoes. My son seems to be ok in them once we put them on and they don't seem to hurt his feet. We use them as spare since they are hard to put on for him.
B002PMURGI Wanted to like them.... but was really disappointed when they arrived.  Although it stated I had a wide, it still was too narrow and if you have a wide instep it's hard to get on.  Also, noticed that the insole wasn't even glued into the shoe.  Don't know what that was about, especially for $100!  They promptly went back.
B002YOMJPY Not Made For A Wide Footed Person Bought these in an EEEEEXTRA WIDE. Very nice construction of the boot other than the opening is so small you cannot get your foot in. The tongue is sewn in with no expansion (wings) possible to get your foot inside.
B002YOMJPY Perhaps my Fault...... I really needed a wide shoe width in these boots but you only offered a medium. I thought I would take a chance on the width and I gambled wrong!!!!
B002YOMJPY so comfortable! I have slightly wide feet - I can fit a 10M or more comfortably in a 10.5M but these are perfect (10W) in length and width!!!
B002YOMJPY Great boots Got these boots in a wide even though I don't have wide feet. They fit perfect. Very comfortable and I plan on getting another pair in brown.
B002YOMJPY to wide in front its wide in the front . I didn't know that EU meant wide but they are comfortable and nice .
B002YOMJPY They're ok I chose this rating because the shoes are a little snug for the wide size I chose . They also are a bit flat on the insole, not much cushioning for a work boot.
B002YOMJPY Gave 'em To My Son I normally wear a 9.5 or 10 wide or double wide.  These Timberlands at 9.5W were great walking but sitting just a little tight.  They fit my sone perfectly though, so he got them and I ordered the same shoe in 10W and they are dreamy.  Nice around the ankle and in the foot.  Kudos Big T.
B0034G52NM Nice looking, comfy, true-to-size, rugged shoe, a bit narrow. What more can I say?  They went on comfy, looked great:  they actually made my wide foot look narrower!  The sole has a deep, non-slip tread.  My foot is just a tad over size 8, so I probably should've ordered an 8-1/2 and the "wide" version isn't all that wide but suede stretches so I'm not too worried.Note:  sides are lower than they look in the picture so I wouldn't hike in them due to a lack of support.  Overall, a comfortable and high-quality shoe for casual wear.
B0034G52NM Timberland Women's Slip on shoe This is a great pair of shoes that are attractive and sturdy.  My only concern is the sizing tends to be less than generous and can cause a bit of foot discomfort.  Not as wide as I would expect in a "wide-width" shoe.
B0034G5458 Run large and wide Because this item was available in a wide width, I assumed the other review was referring to an order that specified a wider shoe. I ordered a 9 in regular width and the shoe flops on my foot. Given that I am someone who often orders up a half size, this is surprising. I haven't had much luck with insoles. I need to send them back. However, if you have a wide foot, they should work well for you.
B0034G54BM Only One Complaint I just got these today and the boots fit and feel great.  I have wide feet and sometimes I have to order a half size up just to get a good fit, so I was very pleased that the boots are available in wide width.  I ordered my size 7.5 Wide and they feel absolutely perfect.HERE COMES THE COMPLAINT: This is the second pair of boots that I've ordered from Amazon that have had marks, scratches and scuffs on them.  The first pair I ordered was the Steve Madden black leather Banddit boots, which I absolutely love, but when I unwrapped them and took them from the box, there was a circular scratch mark on the toe area of one boot, it looked like someone peeled off a sticker an then tried to scratch off the adhesive.  I thought, no big deal.Now I just got these Timberlands and AGAIN, on one of the boots, there are scratches and scuff marks on the toe area, as well as scratches on the front of the leather band below the knee.  Luckily, I have leather boot care products at home or I would've had to send them back, I just don't feel like going through the ordeal of exchanging and waiting for a new pair, I'll fix them myself.  These boots are suppose to be in new condition so they shouldn't arrive all marked up.  I wish whoever was handling them when they ship out would be more careful!!
B0034G54BM Very stylish and comfortable boot I love these boots.  I was looking for something stylish, comfortable, and durable.  I ordered a wide in my size after reading some of the previous reviews.  I have bunions so I was worried about the boots being too narrow.  My 7.5W fit perfectly.  I have only had them for 4 days but so far no discomfort and they seem to be breaking in nicely.
B0034G54BM Beautiful Boots, but. . . they are really narrow even in the wide.  I bought them twice.  Once in my size, but in the wide width.  Way too tight.  I returned them, and bought them again a 1/2 size larger, still wide, and still very narrow.  So i gave up and I'm waiting for my refunds.  It's really too bad, because they are such nice boots.
B0034G54BM Not as described by Planet Shoes Although the product description say &#34;leather&#34; (yes in lower case letters), I don't believe these boots are leather at all.  They're manufactured in India and there's no label inside the boot stating what materials are used.  They're stiff and uncomfortable and although I don't normally need the wide size, I ordered them in wide as other reviewers said they ran a bit narrow.  The wide size was still very tight and uncomfortable.  And BTW even if you return these to Planet Shoes because the product description isn't accurate, they'll still charge you the return shippping fee.
B0034G54BM Timberland Women's 20668 Earthkeepers Bethel Knee-High Boot,Black I love these boots!  They are very attractive and super comfortable!  I ordered a wide even though I do not have a wide foot  then I can wear thicker socks.  The zipper glides easily.Note:  There was some rough seams on the inside of the boot where it hit my ankle, but I uses moleskin so that i wouldn't get a blister.  This was easy to remedy.
B0034G54BM Very nice and comfortable boots I read a review  that suggested ordering wide for wearing thicker socks. I normally wear medium width but my feet could easily spread wide, so I decided to take that suggestion. I am happy that wide works out really well. I also have slightly larger calfs and the shafts work for me also. They look great. The only thing I don't like about the boots is the suede looks kinda cheesy in person.
B0034G54BM Wides aren't really wide! I bought this pair of boots at another site. I ordered a 7.5 Wide. I was so psyched to get these boots because I think they really look great. But, alas, when they arrived and I put them on, they totally squeezed the soles of my feet. Timberland's wides I would compare to a "B" width shoe. They were a tight fit at the calf too, but I could have dealt with that if my toes would have had enough room. Needless to say, I sent them back.
B0034G54BM Timberland Earthkeepers Bethel Knee-High Boot Wide Width Love this boot...have always ordered or bought the wide width for comfort and to be able to wear thicker sock in my boots... this particular boot must run a little wider than normal, even with a thicker sock my foot moves.  May be sending back to get the Medium width with this boot, going to try a thin insole first.  I really love this boot, with the leather foot and nubuck shaft and lug sole, it really is the most comfortable boot to date that I own.  It does run true to size, no need to buy up half size for width, just buy the Wide if offered and you need. They are not knee high (2-3 inches below and I am 5'3&#34;)... The circumference is at least 14.50,my calves are 14.25 and they fit great, no breaking in just right out of the box.My daughter really likes, which is a rarity... this boot will work for any age group, (58).  Take the plunge and put yourself in a comfortable well made boot from Timberland.  (ALL TIMBERLAND'S ARE COMFORTABLE, this is why after so many years I keep buying.... just discarded a pair of hiking/snow boots that was bought in 1985, they finally just gave up..
B0034G54BM Super Snug Footbed I ordered these in an 8W.  I normally wear an 8M, but ordered the Wide because I have a slight bunion issue.  I'm glad I did.  I would never have gotten the Medium width on!  I will only be able to wear tights and/or a super thin sock with these, unless I return for an 8 1/2.  I have no problem with the calf area, and for those with larger calves, it is adjustable.  Love the lug sole.  The boots are stiff in the footbed, but I'm assuming they will soften up.  Overall, I would say order 1/2 size up if you want to wear anything thicker than tights.  As for the width, I would say order the regular if you have a narrower foot, and order the wide if you want to wear a thick sock and/or need extra room for foot issues such as a bunion, etc.  I am 5'6", and the boots hit about 2" below my knee.
B0034G54BM Beautiful, but SIZE UP! I have never in my life ordered a "wide" shoe.  I'm a solid size 9.5 medium, but I ended up ordering these as a 10 wide after doing the research.  I'm glad I read other reviews before purchasing, because if I had ordered my usual size, they would've been too tight.  I am likely to wear these boots with smartwool or cotton socks (not too thick, but thicker than trouser socks, for sure), and wanted them to be comfortable.  They are.I gave the boots 4 stars because of the fit.  Otherwise a good buy.  Just add 1/2 a size, and one width larger (if you're narrow, go medium.  If you're medium, go wide.  If you're wide, don't bother...they'll be too tight).
B0034G54BM Finally a boot for wide feet I could not believe it when I read this boot comes in a wide width and in half sizes. Try finding that in any tall boot, sure you could find a wide calf but I needed a wide width and had searched high and low.Good looking boot and a perfect fit. (6.5 W)
B0034G54BM Very comfortable!! Great boots!!! I have them in black from last year and had to have them in brown!! I have larger calves and a slightly wider foot so I purchased a wide again and am very happy. I would recommend them to anyone!
B0034G54BM Boots are marvelous I looked for boots for a while as I have wide feet.  I couldn't be more happy.  They are so comfortable.  :)
B0034G54BM very comfortable these are beautiful and very comfortable!!! Love them! I bought a half size bigger and wide width based on other reviews and they fit great and can wear a warmer sock with them too.
B0034G54BM Great...not perfect I searched a long time for boots.  I loved the look of these boots.  I almost love the fit too.  I sometimes wear a 10, sometimes an 11.  I do have a wide foot.  I went back & forth on what size to buy.  I even busted out the tape measure & measured my foot.  According to their size chart, I am an 11.  Based on other reviews that suggested to go bigger, I ordered a size 11.  They fit good.  Not great.  When I put them on with a very thin sock, my heal popped up a little bit ever time I walked. I fixed this with a slightly thicker sock.  I wore them for about 4-5 hours the day I got them. By the end of the night, my left foot (my slightly bigger foot) was hurting me in the width.  I'm really hoping they'll stretch out a little with wear.  The look is great. They aren't slouchy, but they almost are.  The boots fit over my skinny jean without a problem.  I had plenty of room in the calf area.  I could almost tighten the adjustable calf, but don't need them super tight so I wore them how they came...in the middle.  Like I said, I really hope the width with stretch a little because these boots look great and will go with just about anything.  Glad I didn't order the 11 wide because those would have been too big but wondering if the size chart was accurate because I'm thinking the 10 wide would have been perfect.
B0034G54BM Great fit, disappointing look Considering that I have a difficult time locating wide width boots, these had a great fit however the midsection leather was more distressed looking than expected and I unfortunately had to return them.
B0034G54BM Love the style, but too small Loved the style and quality of the boot, but the vamp was too tight, even though I ordered a wide width. Very disappointing to not have them fit. Returning, and since I am unsure if a 1/2 size up will fit still in heel, am not requesting an exchange.  Great look, great price, not the right fit.
B0034G54BM My Favorite Boot I'm always hesitant when ordering shoes/boots online but I did my homework.  These boots are my new favorite.  I usually take a 10 wide but knew that these ran about a half size small so I ended up ordering an 11 wide since 10 1/2 was not an option.  They fit great with room for thick shocks when it gets colder.  They are very comfortable for walking right out of the box!  I've received MANY compliments...in fact every time I wear them people are quick to compliment my boots.  They zip up great over my jeans and I love them!  If you buy them...you won't be disappointed!!!
B0034G54BM Comfortable and attractive I ordered these boots in a 9.5 WIDE based on previous reviews. I normally wear a standard 9.5. I'm glad I got the wide size, because these are normal width! If you have exceptionally wide feet this might be a problem for you. That having been said, the footbed is really comfortable, and I love the look. The zippers work fine, and the top has a gusset that can change width (with a button closure), so you can wear them with tights, and cinch up the top, or open them up and wear them with jeans. They're not 'dainty', which suits me well. They look like they'll last well.
B0034G54BM Great design, but too narrow for me I was very excited to receive this boot because I have wide calves and there were many positive reviews from others with wide calves. I am a 6.5, but since it was suggested to try a size up, I ordered a 7 C/D. My feet fit very well (my feet are also a little wide), but unfortunately, my calves would not fit at all. My calves are about 16", and I couldn't get the zipper to go past them. The boot design was very close to what I was looking for, especially with the ridges at the bottom which would have been perfect for the snowy and icy conditions where I live.
B0034G54BM Great even for slightly wide calf. I loved this boot so much I bought it in two colors and also bought it for my daughter. Comfy, trendy, and fits my slightly wide calf (about 15.5&#34;).
B0034G54BM Heels are too wide Nice enough boots, but the size 11 had heels that were just too wide for me.  With more socks, it would be too tight in the toe.  Had to return.
B0034G54BM Love these boots! I love the look and fit of these boots. For 100% leather, the price was very reasonable as well. My only caveat: if your feet are at all wide, order them wide. I would also consider ordering a 1/2 size up, as the fit is snug. I am able to slip my orthotics into them and still feel comfy. They look great with skinny jeans, leggings and dresses. I've gotten a ton of complements on them.
B0034G54BM wide is not wide These boots look very nice. However, take note that the "wide" is a C/D, and it is more like a C than a D. If you require a wide size, this is not going to fit. I wear a D, and despite buying this boot up half a size and in W, it is still too narrow in the foot.
B0034G54BM Finally found my boots! I love these boots. So glad they come in wide. But the calf is not too wide like some wide boots. My calves are not large so this works for me. Very stylish and durable. The regular size was too narrow so wide worked great. I love the color too.
B0034G54BM Beautiful...but not wide Nice boots!  Bought them because I have wide feet, and these came in wide as well as average width.  I wouldn't consider the "wide" even average, could not get my feet into them.
B0034G54BM I wanted to like these boots I ordered 7.5 Wide width, because I have bunion. They fit OK, but not super comfortable for me. I wear Dansko clogs which has lots of room in toe area. Overall, they are very stylish and well made. I wanted to like them, but I had to return....
B0034G54BM Too tight I received the boot and they are really nice looking, however, when I put them on even though they say they are wide they are still too tight.
B0034G54BM Perfect No issues at all. Went w/other reviewers' suggestions and ordered a wide as I like to wear thick socks in winter. Have to agree I don't have wide feet and these fit perfect. I wore them over boot-cut jeans, plenty of room. I was quite surprised when I received the boots the next day. Awesome. I would definitely buy again.
B0034G558E Nice, but order wide width. I ordered the wide and I'm glad I did! The wide width fits like a regular shoe.  Overall, I love these. Can be dressed up or down. Nice grabbing sole that I don't have to worry about sliding everywhere in MT winters. Very pleased with this purchase.
B0034G558E Even the "wide" is too snug for me Timberland is a great brand in general because their products are high quality. Unfortunately these boots didn't work for me because even the &#34;wide&#34; width was quite tight around the arch of my foot and the leather felt very stiff. I ended up with the Timberland Savin Hill knee high boots (also in wide width), which fit comfortably from the moment I put them on.
B0034G558E Lovely feminine boots These boots are great for the winter. They are feminine and have great tread for those icy days or light snow. I gave them 4 stars because they are a bit narrow. I had to exchange them for the wide. The wide fit perfectly for me. Amazon was, as usual, amazing with their easy returns policy. Lovely boots definately recommend them.
B0034G558E Not for Wide Feet! Well, I was hoping for an actual wide width when I ordered this boot, but alas, it is barely different from a normal B width.  I ordered a size up, and W width and I could not even put my foot in the boot all the way as it was so tight!  So, if you really are a wide width, this one is not for you.  I returned the boots, although the style was exactly what I had wanted.
B0034G558E not quite wide enough The boots are true to size in length. However, the width of my foot, even with the 8W, still felt squeezed.I simply returned the boots for a half size up. High quality boots, love them! And the exchange was easywith no extra postal fees.
B0034G558E Comfortable and Stylish! These boots are made for walking, very comfortable! And they look GREAT. Well made. I was looking for boots for months until finding these ones and I am thrilled with my decision. I live in SF and gotta be fashionable, and these are just the thing to go out around town in. I hope they last forever, they seem to have very solid construction.My only warning for future buyers is that the sizing is super narrow, I had to order a size wide. I've never ordered a wide shoe in my life and my feet are narrow, but these boots are very narrow. However the wide fits me -perfectly-, so it's not a problem, was just inconvenient to figure that out. I usually wear an 8.5 regular, and I had to get an 8.5 wide. So be aware of that.
B0034G558E Great...so far I usually wear a size 7.5/8 regular width.  I returned the size 8 regular.  Ran a little narrow.  Ordered the 8 wide (no very wide), but perfect for me.  These a well built, great looking boots.
B0034G558E TImberland Earthkeepers Bethel Mid Boot .Ordered 7.5M and 7C - so glad I did so I could see the difference.  I went with the 7C, amazing fit and comfortable right out of the box.  This boot is true to size, so if you want little more comfort order the wide width or if you don't want the width order 1/2 size in the Medium, this way you can wear a thicker sock.....  Timb's sometimes run a little narrow.  These are the most comfortable boot for standing or walking any length of time.
B0034G558E Order a size up for sure These will need some breaking in for sure. I'm glad I ordered a wide even though I normally wear aMedium width shoe
B0034G558E Wide is the new Narrow I have wider than average feet, so this usually means that I have to buy a size ten in order to get a shoe to fit, when lengthwise, I'm a size 9 to a 9.5.  I'm okay with that and I tried the same here despite how Timberland claimed to make &#34;wide&#34; width versions as well.Their wide is narrower than Aldo's normal width shoes.  My poor feet.Worse, at the base of the tongue, there is material that jabs into the top of my foot when I wear normal thickness socks.  So I tried wearing thick socks, which of course just makes the narrowness of the boot worse.I would send these back, but I scratched the leather when wearing them around the house and didn't think they would take them back like that.  So, I will attempt to break in the leather in hopes that they can someday become more comfortable.If not, well, my sister's feet are a little smaller than mine.  Maybe she will enjoy them.
B0034G558E Just what I thought My main concern for these boots were the fit.  I have wide feet and usually wear size 9.5 because of this.  The boots fit like any other shoe and did stretch out after the first wear or two.  They seem durable and I love the colors.  These are well made and should be able to get me through a few seasons of bad weather!
B0034G558E Nice! Comfortable and well made. The zip makes for easy on and off. Those with a wide foot may find these uncomfortable though. Leather is soft and the stacked heel is grippy. Slightly edgy while still feminine.
B0034G558E super cute and functional, just what I've been looking for to stand long periods and walk far in urban areas They were a little tight (as I expected) because I have very wide feet, and bunions (I ordered the wide size). They stretched in only a couple of days. I put leather lotion on them and mink oil to help protect them since I plan to wear them often. So far so good! I do alot of standing for long periods of time at craft fairs and stuff. I also love the sole. great tread.
B0034G558E Comfortable, but somewhat narrow. I usually buy regular width shoes, but needed a wide width in this boot.  As such it's a a little roomy.  I wear thick socks so my feet don't move around excessively.  I like the sole and the convenience of having a zipper and laces.  The boot is holding up nicely in this NYC winter weather.
B0034G558E Exactly what I was looking for These boots are even nicer looking in person then the pictures. They are also very comfortable and the fit was perfect, I ordered up half a size to allow room for a thicker sock. I have a pretty wide calf (~16&#34;) and with the adjustable laces, the tongue is just wide enough to provide full coverage across the front.
B0034G558E Love em! My boots came in yesterday... so comfortable! After reading the reviews on here, I almost went a half size larger. So glad I didn't, they fit perfectly. They are a tiny bit shorter than I imagined them, but that's not a problem for me, they stop right under my calf tattoo! They do run a tiny bit narrow, so if you were considering getting the wide width, I'd say do it.
B0034G55QG Comfortable enough but watch the wide widths I ordered a wide width and found the boot still snug in the toe but loose in the heel. The leather is soft enough that I think the toe will stretch out over time, but the loose heel makes me very glad I did not go up a half size, which is what I sometimes do when no wide is available.I am satisfied with this boot at the low end of the stated Amazon price range (about $115). I don't think it's worth more than that, though.
B0034G5KAC Too large for size I liked the boot but it was too large and wide at the ankle. Almost felt like I was wearing rain galoshes.
B0034G5LBA Too wide on the ankle This is a comfortable shoe to wear OVER your jeans. Otherwise it is too wide on the ankle so it does not fit IN any of your straight leg jeans or with skirts.
B0034G5LBA Wide on the ankle This is a comfortable shoe to wear OVER your skinny jeans. Otherwise it is too wide on the ankle so it does not fit IN any of your straight leg jeans.
B0034G5LBA Good quality boot, but not wide I ordered wide width.  Still, wasn't able to even get my foot in the boot.  Not even close.  Also, while the color says Burgandy, its pretty much a dark chocolate brown.  That said, its a really good quality boot and very cute.
B0034XS2WS Great quality, but cut a touch narrow! I have wide feet. Even though I bought the wide width, they were still a little narrow and had to be stretched. Since I have wide feet, I have a show stretcher but someone else may not. Shoes held up to stretching and normal wear so far.
B0034XS4OY fits wide feet and is a bit long So its kind of weird. I'm new to dress shoes and I wanted something I could walk in. I'm a 13 wide and they fit. The only issue is there is a lot of toe room. About an inch actually, but the width fits well. The sole is soft and feels good. I've walked quite a few miles in them and they aren't as good as an athletic shoe, but they do feel pretty good. I like the waterproofing too. That makes them easy to clean and great in the rain. I haven't kicked anyone yet so I don't know how sturdy they are. I'll be updating that soon...
B0035LD3ZA I love these boots Although they are advertised as gray they are actually more of a taupe color. They are stylist, comfortable and the lug soles make them look rugged and durable.  They can be worn with a pair of jeans and t-shirt or khakis and a button down shirt. I normally wear a size 10 reg or med but the 9.5 wide fits okay.  Length wise they are fine but the width maybe a touch too wide but this only makes them easier to put on and take off.  Overall, I'm quite satisfied with my purchase.
B0038JCZ9Y Wish I could keep them These boots are so cute, and the leather seemed really nice quality, but they were too narrow for my feet, even in a wide size. I'm pretty slender, 5'5" and 115 lbs., but I have quite wide feet. Like most other boots I've tried, they were too narrow across my feet, while the shaft was too wide for my calf. Most people probably wouldn't have that problem, though, and they seemed to have really comfortable footbeds and quality construction. I would order a half-size or maybe a whole size up from your usual size, as they seem to run small.
B0038JCZ9Y not "wide calf" I ordered these boots because they were advertised as "wide calf" - 16 inch opening, and when they arrived, were a little over 14 inches at the opening, and therefore didn't zip up on my muscular calf!  I was SO disappointed, since they are beautiful and seemed like they would be very comfortable.  I wish the description had been  more accurate, as I only was looking for boots with wide shaft diameter, and wouldn't have ordered them if I'd known.  Beware if you're looking for wide calf boots-these ARE NOT!
B003ARR3YQ timberland boot too wide I purchased this boot for my husband and it does look very nice.  However, the ankle fit too wide and had no padding at all.  Breaking them in was going to be painful for him, so I had to return them. I do not suggest this boot for a man with thinner legs/ankles.
B003ARR3YQ Timberland Pro I really like this shoe, very comfortable.  Wide fits well, abit tight across the front of the foot but loosens up after awhile.
B003AZZJYY Too tight! This boot is exactly what I was looking for, but far too tight!  I have owned many pairs of Timberland boots and shoes and have never needed a wide size.If you are on the fence about ordering wide size, do it!  These are pretty narrow.
B003AZZJYY A Fitting City Shoe ... or Boot Stylish, comfortable, rugged. I read the other reviews here about the alleged tight fit **after** I had already ordered this pair.  Because I have had problems with other shoe orders in the past, I expected that this would be a problem because I had just ordered my usual size (10.5 M).  In fact, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this pair fit quite well, right out of the box.  I simply forgot they were new all day. I am not disputing others' observations, just saying that in my case, the fit was quite comfortable, and I have a foot that tends to the wide side.  I love these and have no problem giving them five stars.
B003ELOYEA Timberland Womens Earthkeepers Grandby Tall Fleece lined These boots are very warm soft and comfortable. However, they run small. It's best to order 1 size larger than what you normally wear. I have wide feet and ordered them in wide, which still squeeze my feet but hopefully they stretch. I ordered them first 1/2 size larger in a 9 wide, I have sent them back and ordered them in a 91/2 Wide.
B003ELOYEA Very picky person is very pleased! So far I absolutely Love these boots!!! I also have never bought any footwear from online before but was looking for a very warm, comfy, & waterproof pair of boots that also looked appealing to me (and hopefully others!). So far everything seems to meet my standards.My only concern is that I bought these to wear when I visit my sister in Russia so I really would like to find out how well they will keep my feet dry and warm.I am normally around a size 8 to 8.5 with a normal to wide width foot. I bought an 8.5 Wide after reading some of the reviews about the sizing and they fit great! There is a little extra room for some nice thick socks and to tuck my jeans into them.I also love the fact that it has a zipper and ties so it is easier to slip my foot into and I am still able to tie them to fit me perfectly.So far my review if a perfect 5 stars. And by the way... I am very, very picky so to all picky people out there thinking about getting these boots I would say "Go for it!".
B003ELOYEA Absolutely Perfect!!! I have been looking all over for cute winter boots.  I actually first saw these on another website, but when they did not have my size (I need a wide width) I went searching.  Thank God for Amazon, because not only did they have the wide width, they happened to cost $50 less than the price on that other site.  Score!  I usually take between a 9 and a 9.5.  I ordered the 9.5 and while they are the teeniest bit big, I do think that the 9 would have been too small due to the boot being pretty thickly lined with fleece, besides they are for winter so I will more than likely be wearing thicker socks.  Style wise this boot is the best of both worlds.  The fact that it zips up, as well as laces means that once you set the laces, you never have to bother with them again.  You can just slip them on and off via the zipper.  Also any women who have a wide calf, these are perfect for you.  I generally need plenty of calf room and the fact that they lace up definitely helps.  These are perfect winter boots for anyone who wants to be fashionably warm.  I even showed them to my mom and she ordered a pair!
B003ELOYEA Great Boots! I have never been able to wear a stylish high boot due to my calves. These boots are stylish and lace up so you can adjust to your calve size. The zipper is handy for easy removal and the fleece is very warm. I ordered size 10 wide and they fit perfectly! I normally wear 9.5 wide but took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a larger size. Best Christmas present this year!
B003ELOYEA Cute and cozy winter boot! I LOVE this boot!  For years I've been wearing Uggs and the last couple of winters have not been too kind to my boots.  I decided on trying these because they are cute and waterproof.  I read many reviews on many websites and ordered a wide and medium because many said it ran narrow.  My feet are between a medium and wide width and I tried both.  At first, I felt the medium was fine. But when I walked around the sole is rounded and I felt like I was rolling to the side.  And when I tried to pull them off I was literally on my back tugging because I have tightened the laces and the space that was left couldn't free my wider than normal foot.  I was laughing and tugging for quite a bit.  The wide width worked better for me.  The sole was more stable and even after I tightened the laces I could get my fat foot out.  The nice thing about them is that I have small ankles and calves and I was able to tighten the laces so the boots looked nice and snug with my jeggings on.  The height was perfect for me even though I'm a whopping 5' 2". They are a great buy!
B003ELOYEA great for wide calves and high arches Because I have very high arches I usually need wide and long boots and shoes.  I also have wide calves and have had great difficulty finding boots, especially high boots, that fit.  These boots are great!!!!!Because the laces adjust the fit a lot, I can make these fit with whatever socks or leggings I wear. The zipper makes them easy on and off. I got them in 11 wide, which is my usual shoe size.  I thought at first that they might be a bit snug, but have realized that they are perfectly comfortable, as well as warm and waterproof and nice looking!!!
B003ELOYEA Delicious These are just wonderful. I took the other reviewers' advice and ordered up a half size and Wide (which I've never done before) and they were perfect.
B003ELOYEA Worth it Love them! They look great on. Laces help  to get the right fit for my calves, but the zipper makes it fast to put on.  I normally wear an 8.5 to 9.  Ordered a 9 wide and it fits perfectly.
B003ELOYEA Beautiful and Comfortable! I ordered these in a wide (not normally wide) and half a size up as recommended by other reviewers.  These boots are beautiful and comfortable!  I am actually excited about winter this year!  I can't wait to wear these!!!
B003ELOYEA Perfect! I've only tried these on so far, but they feel great.  I ordered a size 9 wide.  I did not size up, but I did order a wide size.  I tried these on with thick wool socks.  Perfect fit.  Cannot wait to wear these in the cold MN winters.  Love the zip up, with the cinching of the lace.  Lets you customize the comfort of these boots.
B003ELOYEA VERY GOOD! I WAS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING VERY COMFORTABLE TO WEAR EVERYDAY, GOOD QUALITY, NICE LOOK, AND WIDE CALVES.  THIS BOOTS HAVE ALL.  I ORDERED IT IN 0.5 SIZE UP AFTER I READ SOME REVIEWS.  THEY FIT ME PERFECTLY. I AM 5.10, I HAVE LONG LEGS AND WIDE CALVES AND THEY ARE HIGHT AND WARM PERFECT FOR A WINTER IN CHICAGO.
B003ELOZSU Very happy with boots! These boots are fantastic!! Very warm, very comfortable and very fashionable. I am typically a size 8 and ordered a size 9 based on other reviews and they fit great. I have a narrow to medium width foot and would probably need a wide if my feet were any wider. I like how these boots are waterproof and can be worn inside or outside pants. I looked at a lot of other boots and am glad I decided on this pair--Great buy!
B003HKRFBC The perfect boot!!!  If you don't have wide feet. Absolutly Love this boot, Very comfortable, warm, and lightweight.  Feels already broken in.  Feet stayed dry trudging for gifts in 2 feet of snow.  Slightly narrow, which was good for me because I have pretty slim feet.  I wouldn't recomend if you have wide feet, I bought the medium width but it is unusually snug compared to other boots I own.  True to Size/very slightly larger. I would definately recomend.
B003NUQYC2 Wide width not so wide Size 13 is fine, but the Wide version is not really wide. I have wide feet and the upper portion of my feet were cramped, so much I returned them.
B003NUQYC2 Repeat purchase I bought a second pair for my husband because he said these are the best work boots he's every owned.  Healso has wide feet so these gave him a comfortable fit in the wide width.  These have stood up to very hardlabor at a job where he is always on his feet and needs a steel toe.  When these wear out I'll be purchasing athird pair!
B003OBZSZO Could fit better. Runs small in width.  I ordered wide, and they weren't quite wide enough and were tight over the instep.  I felt the insole could have been softer and more supportive.  My feet hurt after wearing for 1/2 a day of light activity.  Adding a Spenco type insole to it if the rest of the boot fits would likely solve the problem.  They are light, have great traction, and do keep the feet toasty.
B003TFEA5O definitely recommend I ordered the foot to be wide (not the calf). The width isdefinitely as ordered. The boot is very well made and comfortable.
B003TFEA5O Better measurements The extra wide calf was not wide enough, there needs to be a measurement scale for calf size for a better selection
B003TFEA5O Loved the boot but... I loved this boot but the calf is extremely narrow. I am sad to have had to return it and there is not a wide calf option.  I don't normally need wide calf boots.
B003TFEA5O They don't feel as great as they look These boots are fabulous looking.....however they are very tight fitting. I ordered the ten wide after reading the reviews and I still had to send them out to be stretched
B003VMVXDW Great for ladies with wide feet As wide sizes in ladies shoes have become harder to find, I can report I ordered these shoes for my size 8.5 wide feet. Shoes fit totally perfect with the arch supports in the right spots and sides fit so well these are my new walking shoes.
B003VR2A2K Not what I was expecting for... I like gladiator style sandals; however, I would have preferred to buy another sandal. I don't know if it is part of the brand (I've never purchased Timberland before) but the sandals are very wide, so I had to get used to them (returning them might be a little bit complex for me since I'm outside US). The description doesn't say it although it can be seen from right side picture (I did not pay attention to it); they have an elastic portion that it's not required if your feet is narrow (that might reduce the wide issue). I bought an M size so I wasn't really expecting them to be that wide. Excluding it, they look funny, it's a different design, I bought the black ones but I guess the brown or red colors might look better. They are comfortable although after a whole day you would start feeling your heel tired (perhaps because they are kind of flat) as well as your ankle, the straps start hurting a little bit, they are also kind of tight.
B003XHH0W8 Nice boot, made well. I ordered the boot in a wide width, but it was not wide enough for me.  I did like to construction and I believe that I would be very happy with the boot if it came in an extra wide  or EE.
B003XTEFIS Its Ok My feet are wide so I had to stretch it a bit, I wish it was more jet black like its kind of a faded black.
B003YBY512 Timberland Earthkeeper-Zip Dk-Brown-Green Timberland Boot's always an instant classic. Classic hunter green and polished dark brown. Good fit good price and look good! if you doubt the price on amazon check out say "Barny's New York) google it and see the prices on similar boots and some that Timberland make's for "Rag and Bone" $300.00 to $600.00 +That said: sizing is always a problem with Timberland's. They tend to run a half size larger, but if you go smaller the boot gets narrow! I have bought, depending on the style 7-wide,7.5 regular, and 7.5-wide. Since the wide size's seem to go very fast, you almost have to order 2 pairs in different sizes and keep the better fit! which is a pain, not to mention the $5.00 return postage$79.00 at Amazon.com the best shoe store on the web. Prices change dramatically up and down for no apparent reason so balance patience with popularity.
B004FESCK2 Timberland is not for narrow feet.(7M in dark grey/blue) I'm very sorry to have to review negatively, but if I had known this I wouldn't have wasted the money ordering these boots.They are extremely tight across the top of the toes and the instep which make it impossible for someone like myself to be able to wear these boots. I have wide feet for a women(wear size 6), but usually just go up a half size and the problem is fixed. Well I went up a whole size and my toes are really far away from the end, but my feet feel very squeezed all across the front.On the plus side the boots felt soft and warm on the inside and are very cute.Buyers beware if you have wide or even average feet and a high instep these are not the boots for you no matter how cute they look and are.  :)
B004J2HSIC Solid all around Very comfortable boot, looks nice and very insulated.  I read other reviews that stated these are very painful to wear ect, ect,.  I feel that these boots are extremely comfortable.  They are snug due to the thick insulation, so men with very wide feet may experience uncomfort.  If you don't have wide feet or huge ankles, I dont see comfort being an issue at all with this boot.  Shipping blazing fast.  A+++
B004J2HSLY Super comfortable I bought these online because I can never find wide shoes at the store that I like.  These are the most comfortable ones I've ever worn.  I would definitely recommend.
B004J2HSLY Too tight. Nice design. Looks great but not wide enough for a W/2E. Just for thin feet.  Sadly I can't use them.
B004J2PCHG Very good boots. Very good boots, but they where to narrow for my wide feet.This boot has a slim design, so if you have a wide foot this is not the boot for you.
B004JZPRWS Love them, fir my wide feet perfectly I was looking for these on Sale for 2 years, decided to buy from Amazon since they have a no ask return policy, glad I did.  The price for these awesome, comfortable, nice looking shoes was better than I saw any where.  Buy when they have a 20% off sale, or just buy because they fit perfectly, either way they fir my wide feet and I am happy.
B004K22QM4 These boots are made for walking... ...these are truly comfortable (low heel + soft soul), almost sneaker-like comfortable, good-looking, well-made. BUT: They do require a bit of breaking in especially due to their width! I don't have any extra wide feet but these are narrow even though I've ordered the wide fit!
B004K66PAE Perfect for shorter women I am short and need my tall boots to be 14" max in shaft height. These are a bit shorter (more like 12-13") and look and fit great for me. I had to size up. I am normally a 6 in pumps, 6.5 in flats. My feet are a bit wide with short toes, but the length and width in the 7M fit really well, even with thicker socks on. The shaft is wide enough so I can tuck jeans into them. The sole is very comfy and there is even some arch support. The leather is thick, waterproofed, and feels very nice. The color I ordered was "Artisan Gold", and it looks amazing! I don't know why it's called "White/Blue" on Amazon; it's also labeled "WHT/BLE" on my shoebox.
B004K66PAE Good for Wide Feet and Large Calves I am normally a 9.5 or 10, depending on the boot. I have wide feet due to bunions, and so I ordered a 10 C/D (wide), to be safe. While I can't say it was any wider than average on the vamp and toe box, they did fit nicely, and I was able to get them up to the place they should be, even with 17&#34; calves (they hit just before the mid-rise in the calves, and I'm 5'8. The ankles, however are very baggy, and you may not like this at all, but I found the fit was still very flattering despite the baggy ankles. I ordered a 2nd pair in a 9.5 C/D in the burgundy, to compare. I have the artisan gold in the 10 C/D, which I didn't think I would like color-wise, but the price was right at $59. I'm keeping them both if the others fit just as well.
B004K66PAE Best boots EVER!!! They were a little narrow for my wide feet (and I did order the wide), but after a couple times wearing them they conform perfectly to my feet (just can't wear them with thick socks - which is fine as I'm a skirt&tights; kind of gal.The color is beautiful and I get compliments on them ALL the time.PLUS, I love having something cute I can grab when it's raining and not worry about my feet drowning.
B004K6E5V0 Ultra Soft Suede. These boots are definitely good looking and the softness of the suede is especially impressive.I had read that the boot width runs narrow (Endless.com)so I tried the Wide width-(mostly because they were at a good price through the Warehouse Deals.Oh well, besides the width being too wide for me, the shaft was wider than anticipated, and the laces do not allow for adjusting the fit-neither in the shaft nor the foot.The heels are wooden...and the heels on the pair that I received looked a little scratchy-'though shoe polish would easily fix that issue.Overall, the boot is very attractive; but the length (in my normal size) and the width (in wide) were too big for a comfortable fit.BTW: The taupe color will easily pass as gray.
B004K6E5V0 SemPerfect boot for semi large feet The description was spot on but my feet are just a bit wider than the average wide foot, so finding shoes that fit perfectly is nearly impossible. However with these boots and the right nylon, they fit just fine. Thank you :)
B004L8P6HO Fits like a glove I love Timberland.  These puppies have a fantastic smooth lining, very attractive yellow floral, and they're so comfortable.  They are sexy but they look great dressed up or dressed down with jeans (my favorite).  They are true to size and to the people who complain about how tight Tiimberlands are, all I have to say is Your Foot is Wide.  This is a good opportunity to realize you should be buying wide shoes.  No, that doesn't make you an old, fat person.  Or maybe it does, I don't know.  I love Timberlands because I have "hobbit feet," very wide, though I'm a rather small person, and their wide fits me perfectly.  I did order their normal width once before I had kids and my feet expanded, and now those same boots make my feet fold in half.  If you aren't sure that you have particularly skinny feet I would order the wide anyway.  A little wriggle room never hurt.
B004LLSV5U Pretty and warm, but the wide size is off. My review for the Crystal Mountain boot in regular width: &#34;These boots are really nice- warm and seems weatherproof, and the rose color is gorgeous.They're comfortable and easy to walk in.I would say buy these.The width is good, IMO. I usually wear a size 8 in boots, 7.5 in other shoes, so these boots in 8 were okay but a tiny bit roomy, so I would probably fit better in the 7.5&#34;This review is for the wide size (8W). I got these to try because sometimes shoes are too narrow for me, but my feet are not really wide- it's my ankle posture that pushes the front of my feet outwards, stretching my shoes to make my feet appear wide. Sometimes having a wide shoe helps to take the pressure off my little toe.The wide size, oddly, was not wider but it was longer, as if it were a size 8.5/9. Very strange, and totally unhelpful. If you have wide feet, take this into consideration.
B004NRUZQ0 cant even get them on I ordered the 8 WIDE and couldnt even get them on. ridiculous. such a shame. I was so excited but there is no way a normal-wide foot coulld slip these on easily
B004NRUZQ0 cute but not wide enough Bought this in a size 10 wide but it stil didnt fit  the way it should i had 2 let my husband stretch it 4 me with shoe stretcher! Its a really nice shoes i bought the brown ones! I just wish it wasnt that narrow!
B004P1A5YG I liked the product... ...but these shoes didn't fit.  They are too wide even though men's medium usually fit me.  There's a glitch in how the sizes are listed.  These are all men's medium no matter what size you try to order.
B004PNE720 Wide size is not as what it should be I am surprised the Wide shoe is not wide at all and feels like a normal. honestly I was expecting some comfortable since it is wide but found it very thigh in this model. I had tried another Timberland pro wide model in store and it was perfect so I ordered it online but surprisingly it is not the same. everything else looks great. The packing was perfect.
B004Q01HZM Fit and comfort Delivery was prompt. Fit was a good guess. My width is between medium and wide, and these are just about right. Shoe laces are weird. Come undone in seconds out of the box - but as break in occurs, seems to be fine.Show is comfortable without added inserts. Pleased with the product.
B004QHEXPG Comfortable!! I have these shoes in Blue and tan and they are great for walking around. I have a wide foot and they fit me just fine. I only wish I could get my size in different colors.
B004RQ1GPG Run large and wide Run a little large and wide. Rubs on side of foot where laces come through. Could possibly cause blisters. It might help to wear thick socks as they run big enough to use a thick sock.
B004RQ1GPG Great boots, wide was a bit loose for me I loved the boots and they were at a great price. They just didnt fit as well as I expected. The wide width is a bit loose up front for my liking. may be a little more snug with thicker socks.
B004RQ1N8Q tight Just a touch to tight usually wear double wide.  Was hoping going these would fit. Comfortable otherwise.  Good quality boots.
B004RQ38B6 Wide Feet? Beware. I ordered the 11.5W size, hoping that these would be the rare example of a comfortable, truly WIDE steel toe shoe.  The shoes look nice and appear reasonably well put together, but they are not &#34;WIDE&#34; in the toebox.  It's as though a normal-width steel toe insert was sewn into a wide-cut upper.  If you are shopping for a steel toe shoe with a wide toebox (that doesn't press on your big toe, like a ladies' high-heeled fashion strappy sandal thing), look for something else.  Sorry--I can't suggest what that &#34;something else&#34; would be...there just don't seem to be many truly wide-toebox safety shoes out there.
B004RQ38B6 Wonderful I use to get shocked all winter and now I never get shocked. I bought black and brown. I wear a 13 extra wide in almost every shoe but the 12 extra wide fits better in this brand
B004T0YVZ2 Cute but wide They are nice boots but too big for my daughter. They are too wide. They look nice thought. Sending back
B004ZCE19U Deec Boots Wore the timbos around the house, but my foot was to fat for the 10.5(D) M, wide feet definitely needthe 2E. I will purchase again if I can find the correct size.
B004ZCE19U Great boots They look really nice. But they seem not so wide like normal W (classic 6 inch boots). Be carefull with that. And they are darker than on the picture which actually is even better.
B0054HM3YA smaller than other timberland boots i normally wear timberland pro titans in 11.5 wide. I should have ordered a 12 wide in this model, because they are slightly smaller.
B0056QW98E Great shoe I would buy this shoe again! It is a perfect fit and it stands up to my 12 hour shifts beautifully. It has a great wide boxy toe area and the heal is narrow enough to fit. plus it is a cute shoe. It has built in arch support. I have very wide feet. I ordered this in my usual size in a wide and it fit perfectly. My feet didn't hurt anywhere when I wore them. Not my toes, not my heels, not my arches. Usually something hurts in a new pair of shoes. I usually buy walking or running shoes for work. I have tried every brand on the market.  These are amazing. I have been wearing them for about 6 weeks. My feet are happy.
B0056QW98E Comfortable but A bit wide These shoes are Super comfortable but the Mary Jane style seems to be a little wide for my normal sized foot.
B0058SI8PI Very comfortable These shoes are very comfortable.  I ordered the wide width and they are wide.  So order the regular size unless you have very wide feet.
B0058SOEG0 Love it! Very comfortable shoes, exactly what I had in mind for casual look. I took the medium size and it is still pretty wide
B00590KXH6 Loved 'em, but not wide enough I keep having the same issue with shoes that are not wide enough to fit my swollen feet.  I loved these but they just didn't quite allow my feet to slide all the way in.  I guess I could've tried to stretch them but did not want to risk ruining them so I returned them instead.
B00590KXH6 I Complain a Lot So, I complain a lot & am pretty picky about comfort and durability when it comes to shoes because I wear them pretty much non-stop for 3 years straight & am sensitive to blisters (I like to walk my dogs for miles in them).I'm a fan of Clarks, because they're forgiving to my somewhat wide 6.5 feet.  After reading the 5 excellent reviews about these Timberlands, I bought a pair of 6.5 (normal width) & I'm pretty sure my feet actually sighed when I slipped these on.  My feet are wide, but usually not wide enough to warrant a true WIDE size in shoes. As such, these Timberlands are great.  Those with narrow feet may not enjoy these quite as much as I do.Meanwhile, I'm confident that I could wear these anywhere - on a walk around the neighborhood, to a concert at an amphitheater, in Vegas... anywhere actual hardcore walking occurs. And, the design is really cute - earthy, classic & unassuming, yet stylish.  The heel is rather flat, so it works well with pants that are somewhat too short (thanks to the dryer or the tailor).I've never bought anything from Timberland, but based on this shoe, the brand is suddenly a big contender, foot-wise.  Look out, Clarks.  I'll update this review if the wear reveals a different shoe experience, but if you're reading this & I haven't updated it, you know it's true love.
B00590TE1W Too tight I should have known that a designer label would not make a truly wide shoe. These were incredibly tight across the foot. I thought given the soft and supple nature of the leather these would stretch out, but no luck. I no longer wear these shoes.
B00591UN4S no way these are wide width I ordered a 10W which is my usual size and i couldn't even get my foot in! Too bad because the style is cute and the blue is a nice color. Oh well, my search continues....
B00591UN4S didn't work These shoes are not wide.  I have a medium foot, but based on other reviews ordered these in a wide.  They went right back because they are not wide at all.
B005AD2V3Q FABULOUS THESE SHOES HAVE BEEN GREAT.  THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND TRUE-TO-SIZE, BOTH IN LENGTH AND WIDTH.  I WEAR A WIDE, AND I WAS FORTUNATE TO FIND THE PERFECT PAIR WITH SUCH HIGH QUALITY AS TIMBERLAND ALWAYS IS.  I HAVE THEM ON RIGHT NOW. I'D RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE.GREAT PRICE ON AMAZON AND RELIABLE SHIPPING BY THEM AS WELL.
B005BWB2QI you will not find it in shops I needed a wide size and I couldn't find it in shops. I visited several shopping centers and no one had a choice if wide sizes.I knew this shoe. I had a pair for years and was extremely confortable a nice looking.
B005BWB2QI finally !! since in all of Europe, just as well as down here in Central America, unfortunately, you cannot find the wide ones...
B005BWB2QI Right size, Right Price The shoes are very nice and fit perfectly for a person with wide feet!  The price is even better. will see how long it lasts
B005BWB2QI A little too wide Good quality but a little too wide for my feet.  I normally wear a 10 1/2 so I ordered a 10 after reading the reviews.  The 10 is OK but it is a little too wide but I guess I can live with it.
B005BWB2QI Good quality built slightly wide Love the shoes but they fit a little wide. Not a problem when you wear socks but for summertime might be a bit wide.
B005BWB2QI Heal was a bit to wide, with that said ... Heal was a bit to wide, with that said I was able to fix the problem with a stop at the locale drug store.
B005ERZ6MQ Small, but well built I ordered the wide. The fit was not wide enough. With thin socks, I am able to get by with them. If I had a narrow foot, they would work fine. The quality is there - nice materials. Probably next order, I'll go again with the Timberland Madison style. That style has plenty of room, and very comfortable.
B005ERZ6MQ Very wide cut last on this handsome shoe! The last on this shoe is much to wide for my feet. I wore them once around the house and have put them back  in the  box!
B005ERZ6MQ Very comfortable ... With my feet, (high arch and wide) it is hard to find shoes that fit, and are comfortable. This met all my expectations.
B005ERZ6MQ Earthkeepers Oxford These shoes come less wide than previous timberland medium shoes ( 76570 10M ) so if you are looking for a wide shoe, this is not it. However it is just a bit wider than most other makes medium. In its favor it is a light shoe in weight ( 2lb  1 oz)
B005FI1VE6 Cute. Cute shoe and flexible. Light and sturdy. However the shoe is super wide!!! I had to return this shoe for my 9 year who has average feet because it was too wide. My 4 year old has wide feet and it this shoe was wide on him as well. We kept it because it would work but they are very wide.
B005FI1VE6 disappointed, too narrow My son has extremely wide feet, if you're looking for adjustable sandals for a wide-footed child, these are not it
B005FI1VE6 Way too wide! I thought I had mistakenly ordered a W width but these are so wide, and my daughter is a size 10 toddler M width.  Maybe ours were mismarked?
B005FM5Q3O RUNS SMALL AND WIDE recv'd quick delivery. ran a bit large had to reorder a size smaller. my grandson usually wears a wide shoe but I took a chance with it being a M width sandal. It fits his width great. great looking and stylish
B005FMBDD6 You get what you pay for In this case I paid very little for these sandals and they are not a high quality product. My son has a fairly wide foot and he was not even able to get them on his feet.We returned them. Again I was skeptical buying a sandal for so cheap, but thought we would give it a try. They may work for children that don't have wide feet.
B005GY99AM awesome fit shoes! Size 12 W,i knew my feet was a big, so i ordered Wide and it fits fine. i don't really fit fatigue as i use it on daily basis.
B005HC3IBE I just love them They are the best shoes I actually have, confortable. The size is true, the wide is as expected, soft and confortable.
B005I6RZXG Perfect for heavy heel steppers! Nice wide toe box, great heel support, best shoe I've found for waitressing in 3 years! I tell everyone about them. They beat the Clark's and 3 styles of Danskos I have tried, as well as a few other sneakers... Don't hesitate to pick up a pair! I am a size 10.5 wide, the 11M in this style are plenty big enough.
B005I6YJW6 Comfortable but not wide They are not really wide (label says 2E), but they are a little bit too thight; however, the inner sole is very comfortable when walking or standing for extended periods fo time.
B005I6Z4JI Very nice boots. I rate it 4.5 I would have given it a 5 if it had a side zipper. Wide width fits like normal width so get the wide unless you have thin girlie feet. Also, expect to grow 2&#34;, the heel is large. I tell people I've been stretching on the inversion table
B005J4C8Y8 wow, timbos are a + quaility, So, i stand 6'4 210, somewhat a tall and medium build, did i mention wide feet, so that being stated theese shoes when wore to  break in , two hours in my inside arch was speeking to my brain, get me out of theese timberlands, they are a nice find if you dont have wide feet, by inspection they would hold up to a rainstrom=a lightning storm or even a flash flood, they are worth the muahlah but not worth the price it takes on wide feet, hope this helps, ova and out.
B005LW1HQI Great for wide feet. These boots are great. I have very wide feet and they are a perfect fit. I normally wear a 4 or 5 EEE shoe so I was surprised with how well these fit me. They are also very comfortable. They have a rubber layer with cone shapes cut in to it which gives a lot of cushion when you step. Just a little side note, if you're a little short these boots add at least a inch to your height.
B005Y7T62W Not Wide At All These may be great for medium width or narrow feet, but the wide size is a joke. These are by far the tightest, most narrowsize 10.5 2E boots I've ever tried on.
B006T2YLPS No complaints so far My husband loves these boots. He's hard to fit, flat feet, narrow heel, wide in the front. we got him the wide , 10, seems to be good for the legnth{thats his size}. They have minimal slip when walking. The only question is how they hold up. Time will tell.
B006T307QE My Timberlands I had a pair of Sorels for years and was just sick of their discomfort during bad weather.  My new Timberland Pro fit like a glove (for my foot).  I have a wide foot and was worried that their version of wide would not be wide at all, but upon receipt I noticed how easy they slipped on and how comfortable they are.  I have used them for the first bout of bad weather in the North East and I am very happy with the design!
B006T307QE Timberland wide I loved the boot.... the wide are just right not to wide like some others. Provides excellent support snd very durable.
B006T32HGC Great boots I have wide and flat feet but with these boots I have no problem walking!! I am thinking of buying another pair.
B006T32HSK Oder wide boots I Ordered wide boots and they were still a little tight on my feet, but after they were brook it they fit fine
B006T32HSK Excellent fit for wide feet My shop is not heated and we're in the Northeast so I need a warm, comfortable work boot. And boy do these fit the bill. I have very wide feet so it is very difficult to find a comfortable pair of boots locally. These are the most comfortable boots I have had in years! I may just buy another pair to have them in case they're discontinued in the future.
B006T32TKG Too large The fit was too large and wide although the width was D. They look like clown shoes.  The soles are comfortable.
B006T92CL6 If only I wear a size six and a half, extra wide shoe.  While these fit, they do feel a bit snug on my ankles and leave indentations.  But they are bright and cozy.
B006ZGV9LM Great Comfort and Quality Wow! These boots are so beautiful, comfortable, and stylish. They have a sexy/casual heal but they feel just like wearing comfy flats even after a full day of work, I couldn't believe it. I wore them almost every day in the winter and got complememnts at least once a week. They go well with leggings, jeans, tights, and dresses.The leather is a pretty, pebbled almost-suede style that feels incredibly soft to the touch but stays up without slouching down your leg at all. In terms of waterproofing, I live in a Seattle-style climate and was able to take them right out of the box and start wearing them in the heavy rains and slush with no water stains or leaking. My feet are warm every day when I wear these.One thing: I have average sized calves but after reading the reviews, I ordered a wide calf and they were just right (maybe even a bit snug before I broke them in). If you have average, order a wide. If you have wide, these might break your heart.
B006ZGV9LM Love these if you're unsure of your width though go with wide, I'm normal width but bought wide because I wanted them to be comfortable for walking in, and they are (as much as anything with heels can be.
B006ZGV9LM These run narrow and a tiny bit small but are amazing! Once I got the right fit, these are absolutely wonderful boots.  Very well made, waterproof, rubber grippy sole, etc.... which makes them very practical yet gorgeous.  These are high quality boots and I couldn't be happier.  That being said, I am a size 8 (even went and had my foot measured to make sure I am an exact 8 after having kids).  I also have a normal width foot.  So, I ordered an 8 M but it was way too narrow (my foot felt like it was pinched inside the foot bed), and just a little bit tight on foot length- almost perfect though.  When I tried on a nylon, the length fit perfect but even with a thin sock, they became too tight.  I bought my original pair from another retailer (Nordstrom) and they said I could have them stretched and if it still didn't work, I could return.  So I had them stretched but they were still too tight, so I returned them but they were sold out and never carried the wide size.  So thanks to Amazon, I found them here in an 8.5 wide and I got them today and they are just perfect!  AMAZING boot!  Just go up half a size and do a wide if you have a regular sized foot and you will be a happy camper.  I can't wait to start wearing these everywhere.  I am finally GLAD it's winter because I have cute yet sexy boots to wear now.
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful Boots With Timberland, depending on the boot I'm sometimes wide and sometimes regular, depending on the boot. It's annoying because generally I'm a regular, but some Timbo boots run super narrow. I read the reviews and some people said they were, but it's hard to tell because everyone's foot is different. The boots are really really nice. Can be dressy or dressed down, beautiful textured leather, total Timberland quality. The wide was way too big on me. My feet are normal, on the wider side at the widest part of my foot. Most shoes hurt. These don't. I am between a 8.5 and 9 and I ordered the 9 so I can wear tights or socks. They fit well. I haven't worn them a full day yet but if they are anything like my other Timberland boots, they will be exactly what I was looking for...a pair of stylish boots I can wear all day (I work in NY and commute from NJ, a lot of walking).
B006ZGV9LM Loved the way the boot looked.....but it ran VERY small. I am consistently a 6 1/2 .....sometimes wide, so I had no doubt this boot would fit when I ordered it.  I ordered several boots and this boot was much narrower than the boots I ordered that were of average width.
B006ZGV9LM Beautiful boots, wide feet ladies beware First the good, these boots are absolutely GORGEOUS!! I purchased them in brown and although the look more orange online they are more brown with a slightly orange tint. The leather is unbelievably soft and beautiful, a look that always goes with Timberland's brand. It gives a little height with the heel and the front of the boot is shaped so it looks more like a dressier female boot. The inside is patterned and there is a side zipper and the back of the boot has this elastic stitching/stretchy type lines that are pretty as well.Now the not so good. I have a wide foot (Normally a size 10 M but 10 W if available), so when I ordered this boot I made sure to get it in a wide size. I can fit the boot and I can tell it's comfortable but even their wide size fits kinda narrow. This boot is a little snug and will take some breaking in. It's not made like your normal Timberland where the front toe area is wide and rounded....this is made sorta narrow and with a pointed toe of course to make the boot appear more feminine.Also I don't have very big calves but this is snug on my calve when zipped up, I couldn't believe it because I have NEVER had a problem fitting my calves into any boot at all. So if you have big calves forget it, don't' even think about it you'll just be pissed.Overall I love it, the sizing thing is why it got 4 stars instead of five but it is a lovely shoe and I'm going to make it work! With that being said you may want to size up especially if you have a wider foot.
B006ZGV9LM BEAUTIFUL BOOTS... If you have even slightly wide feet, go for the wide version of this boot. This is a gorgeous boot that I would were over leggings or with a skirt, and very well made.
B006ZGVBUQ Timberland Clogs  They are Great I love these shoes.  They came right on time,  They are little bit wide for me, but thats ok.  These do not make my feet hurt, I wear them about everyday.  What more can I say.
B006ZIGRXA wouldve been perfect This boot is a well made attractive waterproof suade that fit over my 18 inch calves with more stretch room potential due to the goreing. It looks  nice and both brown colors are attractive and go with anything. The cons were the sole is very hard and uncomfortable after about two hours of wear. The heel and sole have nice rubber grip and the heel height is nice. It was a wide width but not quite as wide as I wanted. The ankle is very big. This boot works well if you have a larger ankle or pregnant swollen ankles. I am.5.9 and have 18 inch calves at the biggest part, but I have normal ankles and these don't feel supportive around my ankle due to the wide ankle circumference. Its a shame cause I got these at like 60 percent off so I really wanted to like them because they are so earthy casual looking in style.  But my non issue feet were hurting and I did expect comfort. Inserts just seem to cram the width otherwise I would've went that route. Aa much as I want to like, a Rockport wide calf and earth boot will replace these.
B006ZIGRXA Beautiful, comfortable boots at a great price I ordered these from Amazon because they were discounted and had the wide sizes. It's hard to find stylish, real leather boots in wide widths and these are perfect - they fit easily over jeans and look fabulous with sweaters and vests. They are pretty comfortable - they could use a little more cushioning in the footbed, but I wore them all day and had no problems. Got lots of compliments on them, too.
B006ZIGRXA Wide isn't that wide... When I got this boot I was so excited to find a water proof, pretty cute boot that was well made I could wear all fall (last year made the mistake of getting a pair of boots by Steve Madden and they fell apart really quickly). However, I am a 10W, and the boots that came said they were a wide, but were tight. I figured that I could just wear them in a little bit, but the right boot still fits tight. Overall the boot is cute and functional, but I'd be wary about if you are looking for a wide boot.
B006ZIGRXA Love My Boots! I am in love with these boots. They are rugged but still feminine. My feet are a little wide so I went with the wide and I still have enough room for thick socks. I can't wait for it to get cold so I can wear them.
B006ZIGRXA Best boot I'm a boot-aholic and these are the best. They are a tad long and narrow but good for thick socks and keeping feet warm in the winter. They are attractive and comfortable. The boots are not very flexible and a little stiff but great in terms of support and stability. They are wide all the way down and definitely do not conform to the leg or ankle. I have wide calves, and boots are a pain to find that fit and feel good. These fit my legs with a little extra room, and then have an elastic band that would give even more if needed. I wear an 11 and that is what I ordered. Good for the winter but would also be great in spring and fall. Quality made, durable and attractive. They don't have a huge amount of detail but they do have a quilted pattern on the back of the leg and a decorative strap on the outside ankle.
B006ZIGRXA great fit! I have wide feet and high arches. The 8 wide fits perfectly! The have plenty of space in the anckle and calf.
B006ZIGRXA Beautiful boot Love this boot. I wear 8.5 wide in regular shoes. Ordered an 8.5 wide  in these. The length was right, but these are by no means wide. Not even close. They were not marked as c/d or wide. The shaft fits my cyclist's 16 inch calf snuggly. The (light) brown/brown color is lovely, the leather substantial, the half zipper is perfect. All in a waterproof package? That is really a boot and a half. If you do not have a wide foot ( and I could not imagine who could fit the regular width if these truly are c/d) then these are well made and very functionally styled boots, well worth a try. I did also order a 9 wide that has not arrived. Not much hope, but I will update if that size change makes any difference. I suspect it will only make them too long. I really wanted a nice pair of boots.Update: Received the 9 wide, also not designated on the box as c/d or wide. And it is not a wide width either. But, as a person who has dealt with wide feet her entire life I can say that by going up in size the boot fits well enough, just like any size 9 B width fits my 8-8.5 wide foot. It is long but It could work if you can stand the additional length. With a thin to light medium knee sock it feels OK. The shaft is perfect on my 16 inch calves, the stretchy part remains un stretched, so a slightly bigger calf could work, at least in this size. The looser ankle allows my high instep foot to slide in easily. The half zip lets me tuck in jeans easily. The footbed does have minimum padding, but using socks that have padding on the bottom it is also OK. I like the smoother footbeds as they do not grab my socks and bunch them up tight around my toes.  They have most of what you could ask for in a decent quality, truly functional (as opposed to strictly fashion) boot and they fit someone with some curves in the calves. A real wide width option would make them perfect. Sadly, I am returning them in hope of finding a better fit in the foot.
B006ZIGRXA Casual dressy I love these boots for their comfort, water resistance, and tire tread soles.  I usually wear 7.5 normal width shoe.  Most of the boots in my size, I have to wear with a thin sock.  In these boots, I ordered 7.5 wide width due to the reviews I read.  I put inserts in, based on the reviews about a hard heal, and I wear with an athletic sock which keeps my feet warmer than thin socks.  I have a 16&#34; calf and I ordered 4 boots I could not zip up before I found these.  They have elastic to expand for wide calf women, but they fit me perfectly without the elastic expansion kicking in.
B006ZIGRXA Not wide enough This boot is not for people that have a high instep.  I have an extra wide foot and thought that the 6 C/D would be plenty wide for my 5 1/2 size foot.  Not so!  With a very stiff heel and little room in the instep I ended up returning this boot in the hope that a 6 1/2 would be more comfortable.  It is still tight in the instep, but the leather should soften up with wear and allow for more comfort.
B006ZIGS34 Coloring is weird Love the boot.  I bought a 6 W and thought it was narrow for a wide boot.  It was comfortable for me but anyone w really wide feet may have fit issues.  I love the tan colorbut hate that the toe is purposely darker.  It doesn't look right or natural.
B006ZIGS34 excellent boots!! These boots are gorgeous! I always make sure I read reviews on shoes an apparel before buying and most of these reviewers were right on. I wear a 9 always, and I ordered a size 9, my foot width is average I.m.o. but I ordered the wide width, they fit perfect with wiggle room. The shaft is nice and wide, easy to get on, I have narrow calves, but I like the look of these just the way they are. Sturdy, pretty color and great for transitioning into spring!
B006ZIT6QA A little tight says it is an 8.5 wide more like a slim.  tight across the bridge of my foot.  I am a true 8.5
B006ZITF7U Wide in the wrong spots I ordered a wide for my huge flipper feet. They're still snug across the bridge of my foot where I need them to be wide, and loose in the heels, which is not terribly helpful. Also, the rubber sole is super squeaky. But they're cute and versatile and I'm sick of shopping so I suppose they'll work.
B006ZIUU8I Disapointed I was very disappointed when I received these boots. I ordered them because they came in size 5.5 wide which is hard for me to find. Unfortunately I could not get my foot into the boot.  The opening was not large enouth...and yes... i completely unzipped before I tried to get my foot in. :(
B006ZTTV1O Excellent. I absolutely love these boots. I have wide feet and ordered them wide and a half size smaller after reading the other reviews. They fit perfect and were super comfortable right out of the box. Took a few days to truly break in, but now they just might be the most comfortable things I wear on my feet. They look stylish and fetch a lot of compliments. Best part is they take no time to slip on and off. I would highly recomment getting these boots, you will not regret it.
B006ZTTV1O They picture real nice though I bought these thinking the Wide width will be good enough. I was wrong, they are still too tight for my foot. Just putting them on is a task since there like a sock. Don't get me wrong these might do well for someone that have no arch and width of their foot is a D which is the norm. These aren't made for a person with a wide foot. I can only get my foot in it with out wearing a sock even at that the area were you start to loop the laces is way too tight for my comfort.
B0070SI95I Best Boots I've Owned! Absolutely Love 'em. I don't think they would qualify for a work boot, but for casual wear they are tops. Extremely comfortable and lightweight. No break-in needed. I have only had them a short time, but have already received many compliments. I believe this model is discontinued and I can't fathom why.I normally wear an 8.5 wide but I took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a full size smaller. Glad I did as the 7.5 wide fit perfectly. I bought two pair in different colors. Please Timberland don't stop making this boot.
B00713499W A little wide in the front My mom is looking for a black waterproof sport shoes, so I find this and bought for her.It's good quality as other timberland shoes, but a little wide in the front, so when walking it's not so fit. Maybe it's the problem of my mom's feet shape,anyway, it's still a nice shoes
B0071BD33M Fit's my son's extra wide fat feet...very pleased My son has extra wide fat feet so buying shoes are a chore and expensive.  I bought him two other pair of boots (UGGS, leather ones and traditional ones) and neither fit.  These were only listed as a wide but I thought for $35 I will try them.  Albeit $35 is not cheap it was much better than the price of the UGGS and Stride Rite (wanted $65) for a pair of boots.  These boots are fantastic!  Not only did they fit, they are nice looking so they go well with casual wear as well a nice dress outfits which will be great over the holidays.  Plus, my son is only 20 months so finding shoes he likes without trying to take off is a challenge.  The minute we put them on he started stomping around.  He loved them.  I highly recommmend these especially if your child has wide feet.
B0072AE45S a little wide! Great looking boots! Look great with jeans! Only drawback is they are a little wide on the top of the foot. When you make them tight it make a fold in the tongue. It will give you room for extra heavy socks in the colder months.
B0072NQIZ4 Perfect I already had these in gray and I love them! After I broke my foot and pinched a nerve on the bottom of my foot these were the only shoes I could wear that didn't bother it. I can literately spend 18 hours on my foot and they don't hurt a bit. I did get them in a wide width, they just felt better. You can also wear them with jeans to scrubs!
B0072NQIZ4 It's truly comfortable I work  16 hrs shifts so  bought this because one of my Co workers bragged about it being so comfortable and honestly it is my problem was I didn't know which one was wide width so I had the narrow but it's much better now but my fist day was a killer..
B0077SY810 Great boots I read the other reviews and ordered a half-size smaller and wide-width, and they still fit a bit loose. However, I usually wear thick wigwam socks with them and when I do the fit is perfect. In fact, they're probably the most comfortable boots I've owned yet. I was between these and doc martens and I've heard Docs have a long break-in period so I went with these and I'm glad I did. They fit great right out of the box. One thing though, the leather is very soft other than on the toe. I haven't had a problem yet but sometimes I worry it's not going to be durable over time.
B007EFDGJQ Love Timberland's...but... Timberland hiking boots are my favorite, so I was very excited to find these work boots in wide.  Unfortunately, my excitement was short lived.  when i received these, there were still too tight (even though the ones in the store fit perfectly...cheaper online).  I am sure I would have been very pleased with these if they had fit.
B007EFDTSY Nice boots! Purchased these work boots for my husband as they were cheaper here than any other store I could find.  Unfortunately I had to return them because they ran a little small.  My husband has a wide foot so I made sure to order the wide boot for him.  They still were not wide enough.
B007EFDTSY fits as expected I needed to order a wide size for my feet and the timberlands I ordered fit just right!  the side zipper is great for easy on and off.
B007EFDTSY Perfect boot for my work needs Boots were ordered for my hard-working husband. Despite always wearing a regular I ordered the wide width after reading other reviews here. I am on my feet all day and these boots are light in weight but protective and extremely comfortable.. So glad I trusted Amazon and reviewers. Of course I also loved the price.
B007TGA2JM Waited YEARS for these! I have wanted these boots for YEARS! I refused to pay $300.00 for them when they were first released. I finally snatched them up for $99.99, NO TAX and Free Shipping! As soon as they arrived I had to wear them...I wear anything from 8 1/2 in sneakers and 9 in boots...However I know from my other Timberlands I need to go down 1/2 a size especially if I can get wide width. So I did buy a 8 1/2 W and like I expected HEAVEN! I am heading to Vegas with some family next weekend and plan on taking my new boots ;-)...Darnit...they are $89.99 now! Oh Well. I still love these and didn't want to chance them going back up, but even with the wide width my toes went numb on my right foot which tends to happen to be if I don't have wide width shoes on. I did manage to get 4 hours in before they went numb so I will keep them and just use them when I only plan to go out for a few hours.
B007TGA2JM Love Timberland The boots fit as expected.  I ordered the wide as I like to wear thicker socks at times & my feet are not the narrowest :). The fit was good & the boots are comfortable.
B007TGA2JM foot mutilation I ordered these in wide and was very disappointed.  I don't know what part of the boot was wide other than the calf.  The toe box was still horribly narrow and pointed, to the point that these boots would cause bunions by smooshing the big toe into the other toes at an unnatural angle. The tip of the toe box needs to be about 0.5-0.75 inches wider on the inner edge to accommodate the natural placement of toes.  I was really hoping that these boots would work for field boots but I guess I'll have to return them. I personally am not a fan of foot mutilation.  Boo Timberland, Boo!
B007TGA2JM Great boots! These boots haunted me for a year and a half before I finally broke down and spent the money. I usually wear an 8 to 8 1/2 womens. I have fat wide feet so I ordered 8.5 wide (C/D). I am also a runner and horsewoman and I have big calves. Still, I trusted the true lace feature to save me and took the purchase leap. These boots are great, very well made, color is as shown. The fit lenthwse is true to size. I am glad I ordered wide because, even so, they are a bit narrow but will break in well I think. They barely fit my 17 3/4 "  calves. If I lace them tight thy close to just enough, with no overlap at the tongue. But it's enough for me to keep them as I am totally in love w how they look and feel!
B0080CACCG Not for wide feet/toes I guess Overall, the style and quality were fine. But these truly are the most uncomfortable socks I've ever worn. I have slightly wide toes--enough that wide shoe sizes are sometimes my best bet for comfort. These socks crushed my toes together and caused lingering discomfort for about hour even after I took them off.If you need a roomy toebox, don't order these.
B00828VKFQ They are alright I have a very wide fit and these do fit nicely, but they are extremly heavy.  I probably will not buy them again just because of the weight of them.
B00828VKFQ These shoes are one of the best I've purchased Very comfortable! Ordered the wide width but I think the normal width would have been ok, they are true to size,  little squeaking but no complaints about this shoes...would definitely purchase another pair again
B00828VKFQ Width not the same across colors I bought the brown; wore happily.  Bought the black in the same size but not wide enough.  Got the wide and it is a bit too wide but better that than too narrow.  These are good shoes for walking around a school setting.  Not flashy but comfortable.
B00828VKFQ Comfy but annoying squeak. Great fit. Runs a little wide but true to length. I usually wear 8 wide and the wide size was too wide. The regular width size 8 fits great. They are truly comfy shoes. I'm a nurse, work 12+hour shifts and never have foot or leg pain. I would give them 5 stars except that after about 2 months (a month past the warranty) they started to squeak like crazy. It isn't the sole against the ground; t feels almost like something inside the sole is loose. It started in the left shoe,then a few weeks later it happened in the right, too. It's really loud and extremely annoying. I would get rid of them if they weren't so expensive. So, I will wear them until they wear out and then buy something different. I was really excited about these, too because I hate Danskos. But I wouldn't buy them again because if this squeak.
B008J0PKIA Meh I had to give these to my mom. They were too narrow, even in a wide width. I normally wear a standard sized shoe, but for whatever reason this one just didn't work for me. Bummer.
B008J0PKIA Beautiful and comfortable but not good for people with bunions I absolutely loved the design of these shoes; the warm brown color and the little details on the side and at the tip of the laces make these an exquisite pair. The length and width run true to size and the inner material is soft and super comfortable. The problem was with the toe-box. I ordered the wide model because shoes with wide toe-box usually accommodate my bunions. In fact, I have no complaints about the width - I would say it is actually a very nice pair for people with wide feet! However, the toe-box is really flat, so the upper part immediately put a painful pressure on my bunions. I am really sad that I won't be able to enjoy these shoes and will have to return them.
B008KLEYLM Great Shoes! I really like these shoes! They are very comfortable and seem to be well made. I normally order wide width, and these are medium width, but they fit perfectly.
B008KLGHL2 new favorite shoes These were super comfy right out of the box.  Timberland provides both half sizes and wide width, and mine fit perfectly.  Not to mention the leather straps are lined in felt so they do not cause blistering.  Love them and plan to own the black pair as well!
B008M27754 Size I like the product, but because it is sooo wide, I have to put several inserts in to make it wearable.They should label the Medium as Wide and the Wide as Extra Wide.Not everybody has wide feet.  They are missing out on much of the customer population.Review by Frank Tecca
B008M27754 My 3rd pair of these shoes I love these shoes.  The look, fit and durability is terrific.  My previous two pair were 11.5 M, and were snug in the beginning.  I thought I'd try the Wide width, and they are just a little big.  I think the medium width were a better fit over time.  But, I love them anyway.  They have a great cushioning that lasts.  I wear them with jeans, shorts, dressy pants and even while riding my motorcycle!  They are that durable.
B008M27754 Fit a hard to fit foot! I have very high insteps and I very rarely can wear sandals for some reason. These fit perfectly and they are very comfortable, however I did buy the wide EE. I can wear them all day without an issue. They seem to be very well constructed and sturdy  .
B008M2ZFQW Comfortable, but a bit wide. I'm a B width and these are way too wide.  I use them with orthotic inserts that are quite bulky.  Without them, I couldn't wear the shoes.
B008M4UN1C Love this brand Wish their wide shoes were a little wider BUT I do have a leather stretcher spray so that should help
B008N6Y9BO Comfortable but a little wide I bought these in brown and tan. They look nice and are super comfortable but it's a little too wide. These shoes only come in Medium width. I normally wear the standard width and don't have a problem with their boots. The brown pair is a more firm leather than the tan, which is a softer suede/leather. The brown pair fit snugger than the tan for me. I would definitely recommend.
B008N6YJKA too large too wide this is a cute shoe but this shoe in black is too large and way too wide. wished i could have found a way to fit them but no such luck.  had to return them
B008V47G1S wide? had to order this for my pregnant swollen feet.  ordered 7 wide which is 1/2 an size larger than my pre-pregnant shoe size and wide instead of regular width.  Was disappointed that it was not wide enough, the mater was not soft enough for me to stretch it.
B008VPU0GK Not very "wide" They really felt more like a regular width than a wide width boot. I am hoping they will stretch some but sure could've been wider!
B008VPU0GK Finally, a wide width boot Usually, I would purchase hiking boots that are 1/2 size larger due to my wide feet. Unfortunately, this would cause some movement within the boots and or or my little toes would chafe and blister. Not with this one, so far. Haven't used these long enough, but they wear fine. The insoles cushioned very well. As for the waterproofing, it hasn't rain here for a while. Plus, the black color is perfect for the office or out on the town. All in all, satisfied with this purchased.
B008VPU0GK Timberland Men's Mt. MaddsenI These boots are awesome!!!  I wear a 2E wide so finding a comfortable pair of boots is almost impossible.  Most wides that I find are just a bit narrow.  I was looking for a wide waterproof boot, so I gave these a shot.  When they arrived I was amazed.  The fit was perfect and they also have an anti-fatigue cushion that is really comfortable.  If you're looking for a light weight comfortable, waterproof boot, I would suggest that you get these.  You won't second guess yourself and you'll love them.
B008VPU0GK re: shoe fit i thought I had ordered  a wide fit ho ever these may do the job,  but not too sure about them yet.
B008ZBPGFU I like these slippers. I have a very high arch, wide feet, and it is hard to find shoes, esp slippers. I have had these about 3 months now, and really have enjoyed them. Very comfortable, and fit well.
B0090NRN5I Sunglasses They're ok. I think they are a little wide for womens but they fit fine. Needed them, probably could have got them cheaper but they work.
B0090X4EJQ Shoe is too wide it should be more narrow. Length is fine but they are too wide for a D width feels more like an E. I am not satisfied.
B0098X5D98 Not wide enough It is pretty good the only problem it is not wide enough although it is light and east to maintain.
B0098X61EO too wide they were too wide for my foot and began to make my knees hurt.  I have a pair of timberlands that i use to ride on my bike.  i don't know why the fit didn't work for me.
B009DL2P6Y Very comfortable I bought these for my son who has size 15 extra wide feet.  These fit really well and are very comfortable.
B009OL2L94 Great boot, beware of sizing I ordered a 9 wide.  I usually wear a 9 but some boots are too tight around the ball of my foot, I have wide feet.  The boots are cute and comfortable, but I would have ordered a 81/2 wide.  Wish I tried on first.
B009TAVOHK A little on the large/wide side The Timerland Newmarket Camp LEATHER, a related shoe, fits so much better than this one. I love the color scheme in this and it's the reason why I bought it. However, it seems too loose and wide. Perhaps they should make thinner models.
B00AR4HHNW MY BOOTS THEY R MADE FOR PEOPLE WITH SKINNY FEET SO IF YOU HAVE A WIDE FOOT THESE BOOTS ARE NOT FOR YOU
B00AR58UIC Good fit These boots are durable and the wide width fits well. I bought them for my grandson who is very rough on shoes.
B00AW7M97S Very comfortable I love these boots they fit great and my feet are a bit wide. I was able to fit insoles for the heel since the back rubbed up a bit but that was an easy fix.
B00AW7M97S Best Boots EVER! These boots are so versatile!  I love that they zip up w/o having to mess with the laces...however, the laces actually work and can help tighten or loosen the boots.  I get so many compliments when wearing them too.I did end up following the advice of some other reviewers by choosing the WIDE size.  I do not have a wide foot, actually a pretty slim to average foot.  But the wide fit me perfectly.  Some key pros about these boots...comfortable (I walked all day in them while on an urban hike), feminine, and made of leather!  Buy them, you won't regret it!
B00AW7M97S Nice boots I have way too many boots and probably shouldn't have bought these, but I'm so glad that I did; they've quickly become just about my favorite pair. They are very cute, look great with jeans tucked in, and are extremely comfortable, as well. I like that there's a zipper so you don't need to fuss with the laces each time you want to get the boot on and off, yet the laces are still functional so that you can loosen/tighten the boot to suit your needs. They're not advertised as waterproof, but I've worn them in light snow and rain with no adverse effects. I probably wouldn't wear them out in a storm, but they're okay for mild inclement weather.I've read a lot of reviews saying that these are quite tight or narrow, but I disagree. If you're usually a wide width or flit between medium and wide then I'd say buy the wide, but if you're always a medium width like I am, then I think you ought to be fine with that. That said... I can see how someone MIGHT think that these are absurdly tight or narrow on first impression. Before buying these here on Amazon, I tried them on at a brick-and-mortar store in my usual size (8.5M), and they felt great, so I knew that they fit. But when I received my Amazon pair in the same size, they were absurdly tight, to the point of pain. If I hadn't previously tried the boots on, I might have sent them back because of this. However, the problem was simply with the laces: they were done bindingly tight. It took about fifteen minutes of manipulating them, but once I did, the boots once more fit as well as they had at the store, especially after walking around in them for five or so minutes to soften up the leather. So, if these feel really narrow or tight out of the box for you, I'd recommend spending some time playing with the laces-- it's crazy how tight they were done! You might very well find that this loosens up the boot to enough to fit fine.
B00AW7M97S Love this boot fits perfectly, I have owned a pair for over 10 years, they have worn great!  What I like about the new version is the anit-fatigue sole... much more comfortable.  Timberland has a tendency to run narrow, i ordered a wide width so i can wear thicker socks... You cannot go wrong with this boot for style and comfort.
B00AW7M97S Beautiful boots They will take a little breaking in, but they fit great. I have somewhat wide feel, and I bought them in wide, I definitely would not have been able to fit in a regular width, so I suggest the wide size for people with high arches and wide feet.
B00AW7M97S comfy. Ordered a bit larger based on other reviews (got a 9 wide whereas I usually run an 8.5 regular width). Fits well with thicker socks.My only issue is that I have wider calves and the top's a little tight even with the buckle let out to the last hole.
B00AW7M97S LOVE THEM EVERYEBODY RATED THESE BOOTS AS NARROW. I ORDERED TWO PAIR ONE IN WIDE WIDTH ONE REGULAR WIDTH. THE REGULAR WIDTH FIT AWESOME  LOVE THESE BOOTS. ORDERED THEM IN DARK BROWN
B00AW7M97S Nice boots I normally wear a medium width, but after reading the reviews, I chose the wide width, and I'm glad I did. It fits just right. They are a little stiff and need some breaking in, but they should be fine.
B00AW7M97S Great Boots I looked at these boots several times before I bought them because frankly, the reviews were scaring me away. The wheat color is a perfect brown, not too light & not too dark. I have wide feet but the wides were out in my size. I decided to take a chance on the med. width & boy am I gald I did! They fit just right- I have a pair of Timberland hiking boot that are med. width too & they fit fine as well. These are the kind of boots that go with so many things & once I have worn them a couple more times I know they will feel like i have owned them forever.
B00AW7M97S Smaller than the Savin tall boots! I wear a 7 medium in most shoes, sometimes a 7.5, and I love my 7W Savin tall boots, which I ordered in wide after reading the reviews.  But I could barely squeeze my foot into these.  They fit like a 7 medium dress shoe that need some breaking in.  I could wear tights and put up with blisters for a while, but life is too short.  But they are very lady-like.  If 8W were in stock, I may have considered an exchange, but with no wiggle room in the toes, these are going back.
B00AW7M97S Love everything but the sizing. Love the style and quality of these boots. I chose the medium brown. They are a beautiful color and a really nice neutral for fall and winter. I ordered the wide boots so that I would have extra room for winter socks and found them to be almost as wide as regular width shoes. These run narrow! I have a few other pairs of Timberland boots and I usually take a nine but I thought these are pretty long in the toebox and I ended up returning them for eight and half. Overall these are a great boot, you just have to get the size right. The materials used are very good quality and these will last a long time if you take care of them properly. I have noticed that Timberland boots are very water resistant, the only negative is that they can take a bit of time to break in, but once you do that they are so comfy!
B00AW7M97S Runs a bit narrow I have slightly wide feet, but the 6.5 is a bit tighter than usual and no wides were available.  I'd recommend ordering a half size up or a wide if you can.  Being 5'4&#34;, the height sometimes makes my legs look short/stumpy, but with skinny jeans on, it usually looks fine.  They feel cushioned and well constructed, unlike the Steven Madden troopa boots I also ordered.
B00AW7M97S The wide is too narrow. The boot is lovely, but the C/D width is not very wide. I usually take a C/D, but would need an E in this at least. I wish they fit, I liked them a lot!
B00AW7M97S Quality and comfort I love these boots! I love the fact that you can adjust the laces just once for the fit you want, then you have the ease of the side zip thereafter. I purchased the dark brown and am very happy with the color. I typically wear a 9 1/2 or 10 in shoes and boots. I ordered  10 in Wide width based on some reviewers who said it ran narrow and I'm glad I did. The fit is just right for me. I really like the fact that these do not have a lug sole, so they look a little more steamline rather than bulky.  Great price on Amazon.
B00AW7M97S wide widths! nice leather. I just got these boots today and am really pleased with the quality.-rubber sole with leather stacked heel that is rubber bottomed-very nice leather upper-side zipper for easy on and off-laces and buckle are functional, not simply decorative, so you can tighten or loosen the fit-comes up just to the bottom of my calf muscle, and I am not tall (5'3&#34;)-dark brown color is deep and chocolaty, not as shiny as it appears in the picture-available in wide widths! I bought a 7W, which fits great. The front of my foot is wide and the back is narrow, so there is some slip in the heel.-not enough arch support for my high arches.  I put in a insole which takes care of that and the heel slip issue.I think these boots look great and will probably wear them with skinny jeans and skirts in the cold weather.  If i keep being happy with them I will probably buy more from this brand if they carry more in wide widths. The only reason I did not give these boots five stars is the lack of arch support.
B00AW7RBGC So comfortable I ordered up a half size to 9w as I'm usually 8.5w or even ww and these are perfect! They are so comfortable and break in very nicely. Easy to throw on with jeans or a dress- didn't have the few day painful breaking in that I usually have due to my wide feet. I even ride my bike in them. I will be living in these :)
B00AW7RBGC Not wide enough at the ball of my foot... I was disappointed, because I know Timberland is supposed to make durable boots, perfect for NYC. Unfortunately, the only thing wide about the boots was the opening -- which left my ankle and leg flopping around quite a bit. Definitely not a true Wide C/D width boot.
B00AW7RBGC Good boot These are very comfortable boots.  I'm older & really in to comfort.  I originally ordered the regular size 8 but with a sock they were uncomfortable.  I returned & ordered a wide width. Fits great. I don't have a really wide foot but do prefer a wide toe box.  I love that I can were them out in messy weather as well.
B00AW7RBGC So comfortable Love these boots! Bought in a wide based on other reviews and they fit perfectly! These are also extremely comfortable. I can walk around in them all day.
B00AW7RBGC Gorgeous-looking boots! These boots are very comfortable. The wide width size are roomy to wear thick socks and not feel tight. They look great with a pair of denim jeans.
B00AW7RBGC Wide Fitting? I don't think so. A boot like this I would prefer loose fit hence the choice of a W fit size, in reality it is closer to an M.
B00AW8HF9Y Tight ankles I have slightly wide feet, especially at the toes.  My ankles are normal but I had to force the zips close.  Also, the top of the boots cut the calf and can cause bleeding if worn for a few hours.  Not suitable for those with wide feet or big ankles.
B00AW8HF9Y These boots are great! I was looking for and everyday boot that wasn't to dressy. That would go well with my regular day to day clothing and fit well. These are the boots! I noticed some others complaining about stiff ankles. They are referring to the upper front of the boot at the ankle that needs breaking in. I wore them 3 days and broke them in good, now no more stiff in the front.These boots are very true to size I had to return the first pair and go to 6.5 wide the top of my feet are wide and backs narrow. I usually where a 6.5-7 shoe. These I had to go 6.5 wide.Get them wear them and break them in. They are leather and will form to ur foot!
B00AW8J5RE Great Waterproof Boot I really enjoy this boot. I bought these in a 6 wide, as the reviews suggested to buy a size up. They didn't have them in a 7, so I took a shot on the wide.  It does take a bit of time to break in-- I had to wear them for a week straight to get a little bit of movement in them, but now I can wear them with two pairs of wool socks just fine. This very snowy winter was a great time to have these boots. They are indeed very waterpoof. As a caveat, though, they are not breathable so your feet will sweat in them. I've washed the insoles and stuffed the boots with newspaper, and they are dry the next day. I've received several compliments on these boots and can get away with wearing them in a business casual environment.
B00AW8J5RE Perfects! some recommendations I life in a country outside from U.S , it's very hard for me to find my shoe size, tho, i spend 2 days triying to buy the with boot, the finally arrive, i have flat feet, usually i wear a 9.5 or a 10 M but in timberland i bought 8.5 W or wide, they fit just perfect, so my recommendation is that if you have flat feet or are voluptuous buy a Wide size, they are waterproof, and confty , very glad with the purchase!
B00AW8J5RE Narrow, Order Up I ordered the Slate Blue color, it is actually more like Forest Green and not blue in any way. I also ordered a half size up based on other reviews and it's still slightly small, there's no way I'd be able to wear thick socks with it so I'm going to have to find different boots when the temperature drops more (they aren't insulated). I was able to free my foot a little bit by cutting the weird elastic bands attaching the tongue to the shaft of the boot. Not sure why this is done, I've only ever seen that with kids shoes. Came with two sets of laces, one orange, one gray. The footbed is comfortable, but if your feet are a little wide I'd recommend ordering the mens version if you can.
B00AW8JG9G Yummy Boots These boots for great. I have wider feet and the wide width fits fine, I'm expecting them to stretch/mold as I wear them since they are leather. Good quality, fits as expected. Only downside is that they're not made in the USA
B00AW8JG9G Fit The boots looked great, however I have a wide foot and the fit just didnt feel right. I would recommend them tho` they are nice and was disappointed that they didnt fit.
B00AW8JG9G Not wide calf Ladies,  If you order these expecting them to be wide or extended calf as labeled you will be disappointed.  The style is beautiful unfortunately they are just not wide enough...
B00AW8JG9G Love these boots. Most comfortable boot and great color, went with 7.5W.  Fit is great. Timberland has a tendency to run narrow, if you are a medium to almost wide, order the wide width, you will be glad you did. Firs timberland's I own were medium width (10 years old and still own), can never wear anything more than a bootie sock... glad I ordered the C width, so much more comfortable and can wear thicker sock if I need. They are truly not a knee high, hit below the knee by not quite 2 inches and I am 5'3", fine for me. Most comfortable boot, as I said I will be obtaining the black ones in the near future. If they feel snug out of of the box remember, they are new, and yes they did stretch to a comfortable fit....LOVE THEM!
B00AW8JG9G nice boots Super comfortable right from the box, no break-in needed. I have the black boot and the accents are pretty subtle. They fit well on my wide feet.
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful pair of boots. Upon receiving and putting them on for the first time, I was a bit worried that they might be too tight. But after just a few minutes of wearing them around the house, they started to break in and stretch out a little. I decided to keep them because I felt they would stretch out well. They did. I have a wide foot and would have probably ordered the wides if they were available. But theses are perfect. I'm glad I didn't go witht the wide or with a size up. The leg and the ankle were also a bit stiff at first, but the broke into my form and movements really well. I would recommend these to anyone, I also asked my husband for the black ones.
B00AW8JG9G love these boots! I have trouble finding shoes that fit as I have a bunion and have to have every shoe stretched-such a pain!  Never can find cute shoes or boots that work.  Timberland boots are very well made, leather feels 'delicious' and they have a super comfy footbed.  A lot of time boots that say WIDE are not wide in the foot they are just wider in the leg.....not good.  These boots FIT right out of the box and are super comfortable.  If you have a wide forefoot these boots will be perfect!
B00AW8JG9G Fantastic boots, good quality, durable, worth the money I bought Tabaco colored, wide boots of Timberland.  I purposed bought half size larger (8.5 instead of normal 8) and chose wide sizes since not many books offer it.  They came as expected.  They look and are durable, very easy to put on, water-proof, have fancy details that can be dressed up and down. Very comfortable, no pain at all.  I wore it for a hike even.  I'm very happy with the purchase, paid $130.00+tax.  I had Timberland products before and I'm not surprised for the consistent quality delivery of Brand Timberland.
B00AW8JG9G Tight I ordered this boot in a wide width, which I was thrilled that it was offered in a wide as not many attractive styles are available in wides. The boot was still to tight. It is a very cute boot, well constructed, love the buckle. But it fits small. Returned it.
B00AW8JG9G Narrow shaft I wear a size 11, wide. (I've always had wide feet.) I have a very high instep. I ordered the 11 C/D and they fit width wise and instep wise (that's always been the tricky part of boot shopping for me).However, I couldn't zip them all the way up. The last 1 1/2 was too narrow for my calf. This hasn't been an issue for me with other brands of boots, and I don't really think I have wide calves, but my calves are definitely too big for this boot. I promptly sent them back. Thank heavens for Amazon Prime :)If you have thin calves, this boot should be fine.
B00AW8JL0A Great boots! I ordered a wide in these, due to other ratings, but would have been fine with regular width.  I have plenty of room for heavy socks and my inserts.  These are made of good quality leather with a nice aged look.  The boots are a totally classic style, and I'm looking forward to years of use.
B00AW8K0WI Not for Wide Feet!!! My feet are narrow, that's my main reason for buying this boots. Most of the other boots are too wide for me and I feel like a duck walking. This look way better in person and very classic. The leather is hard, so I don't recommend to wear them all day... I bought them for the cold weather here in NYC, mostly for snow and rainy days... I'm not a boot's person, more of converse and flats.
B00AZPO1BY Much too small I ordered these shoes in the wide size. I can wear a 10.5 but went with an 11 just in case. I received these shoes and couldn't even get my foot inside them. Without laces the opening just isn't big enough for my foot to fit inside the shoe. Promptly returned to amazon.
B00AZPO1BY Length was good but too wide Did not fit to size. Length was good but too wide.
B00AZPO90W I'd love to actually try this boot if the company would send a pair that fit. This review is for the seller, not the boot. I have no idea if I'd like the boot or not. I have just received the second pair of these boots that I've attempted to order through amazon. At first, I ordered a 10.5 Wide. The first box arrived. The label on the box said they were 10.5 M (regular) but a sticker over the top from the seller said they were 10.5 Wide. Both boots were labeled 10.5 M and were far too slim. I sent them back and asked for a 11 W thinking it would correct the problem. Once again, I received a shoebox that was originally labeled a 11M, relabeled by the seller as an 11W with two shoes that were 11M. I now know I'm clearly not an 11 and a 10.5 is for me. If only I could get the company to actually send me boots that are Wide and not a regular. I'm not sure if the seller's are just morons or if all their shoe boxes are stacked upside down so they think the M is actually a W. Either way, I'm completely dissatisfied with amazon and their third party seller. Unfortunately this was a gift and I can only get amazon credit. Its winter in New England and I need boots.
B00AZPOIF8 Is wide really wide? Did I get a defect? So I ordered these as a 10.5W.  When I got them, even though both tags say 10.5 W, they look and feel more like an 11 normal.  Granted I can still wear them, but they aren't nearly as comfortable as I had hoped.
B00AZPOIF8 Becareful with the sizing. Great product, with very thick insoles. I wear a true size 11 and have wide feet. As such, I usually order in size 12s. As this product is available in extra width options, I purchased the 11W. Offhand or off-feet (dont mind me), its way too small for my feet. Then I discovered I could pull the insoles out, and to my surprise they were very thick. I suppose its meant to provide cushioning, but this measures 0.5 cm in the front and 1cm at the heel. I peel them away and replaced them with an ortholite sole from my previous sneakers and I was able to fit perfectly. My recommendation for sizing is, do be aware that the insoles do take up more room than usual. If I would purchase these again, I would go half an inch up my wide size.
B00AZPPEQ0 Very nice boots Very handsome boots, but even the wide didn't fit my husbands wide foot so they had to go back. My son did end up getting a pair of these and loves them.
B00AZPPL7C A little tight. These shoes were wide enough and long enough, but the leather stretching across the top of the foot, just below the laces, was too tight. I returned them and ordered the next size up. They are still tight on top but not too bad if I wear dress socks.
B00B02THKQ Great boot, wrong color for me- I kept the black I love these boots but I found I was not wearing the tobacco color. It's beautiful but I just wasnt finding the right outfits to go with them. I kept the same boots in black. I wore them all over Vegas. One night i walked over 3 miles in these with no foot pain at all.  If your in doubt choose the WIDE because they do run narrow. The wide is what a normal width should be.
B00B02THKQ love I love these boots!  At first I was sure the ankle would be to wide but once I tightened the laces and the buckle they where perfect. So comfy and super stylish. I have wide feet and these boots fit comfortably.
B00B7H5M4O Good boot, not for wide feet I like the boots a lot, they are pretty comfortable, but my feet are too wide for them and they hurt in the middle of my feet.  I suspect it is my feet rather than the boots.  Typical Timberland.  Well built and rugged.  I like them enough to keep them and get them stretched at my shoe shop, maybe that can save them for my feet.
B00B822FH0 Good looking shoe, but small I have worn 12s forever, and these are just too tight.  A 12-wide probably would have been okay, but even still, the foot opening is pretty tight and sort of defeats the purpose of a slip-on shoe.  wish a 12-wide was available.
B00B82674M good Did not imagine a beautiful, but very fit. Feel very comfortable to wear, but this is the first time I wear shoes, I feel a little tight some may be the reason my feet wide right. Why not have a wide version of this shoe
B00B9PA37A Not for XW feet Excellent designed shoe.  Had to return because the Wide was still an uncomfortable tight snug.  Definitely needed an Extra-wide.  I have a wide foot and normally buy 3E or XW.  I have also had an achilles injury and plantar fiscilitus.  But I did like the stability i felt when i tried it on.  It favors an inward arch.  My feet normally roll to the outside eventually in most shoes, but this one held tight in pushing to the inside which added stabilization.  If I find an XW i will buy it!
B00B9PADWA I want to love them so bad I like the way these boots look and I am trying everything I can to love them. but the leather is very rough on the inside and is taking a while to break in. the out side of the boot looks very nice they do fit good but wide just doesn't seem like wide ( but I do have a very wide foot ) I do wear them and they do fell fine through out the day but I think that one of the boots are a little smaller then the other  cause the right is tighter then the rest they are comfy thought once you get past the rough leather inside. I buy nothing but timberland boots for work so I know they can make a great boot. but this one is not there best
B00B9PM53U Great fit Fits great and my husband loves them and I thought they weren't going to be wide enough because he has wide feet but he said they were perfect!
B00B9Q5M16 Timberland Lug Boat shoe I have owned these before, they fit well and are very comfortable ( as I need the wide width ).  But with the Vibram sole, they do track dirt into the house.  They wear well.
B00BB7BX66 Great Boots! I purchased the wide, but probably could of gone with a 1/2 size less or I may not be accustomed to the extra room.  Nice comfortable boots.  I would buy again.
B00BCJV7H8 Very Well Made and Super Warm MT HOPE GREY in size 7 wide I am very happy with these boots, but they are initially quite stiff.At first I thought they were too small in the width, even though I received the Wide W (amazon C/D) width.My Timberland GANNON hiking boots that are 7M, are actually wider, but maybe the hikers are cut wider?After wearing them for 1-2 hours at a time, they now feel like the 7 W width that I was expecting.It takes approx. 2-3 weeks to stretch them out.Do not wear these on a long journey, until you feel comfortable in them.Otherwise, they are fantastic and well worth the $ spent.
B00BCJV7H8 Very nice boots.. I ordered wide after reading reviews.. They were still too tight with the inserts.  I'm not sure buying a larger size would work with the arch placement.  They seem warm enough without thick socks  so they are working for me.Hoping since they are leather they will stretch out and fit even better with time.
B00BCJV7H8 Fit a tad snug, but nice otherwise I have a wide foot and wear a 10.  I ordered a 10 C/D.  They are the right length but feel a bit tight across the toe box area. I have only tried them with a thinner sock and thicker pair would be a bit much.  A thinner sock may actually be completely fine since these boots are so warm and comfy on the inside. I wish there was a 10.5 C/D as 11 C/D would likely be too long on me.  I may ask a shoe repair shop to stretch them, if possible for a more broken in feel for me.They are a better quality pair of boots that should last for a number of seasons.  The sole is a solid, good quality rubber that will do me good in the icy and snowy winter.  They lace up very easily (the laces are strong and look like they will last.)I ordered the brown.  The color and materials look really terrific- the photos on Amazon are perfectly accurate.  They should age nicely.Overall I say order a half size up for a better fit (if you can), or just or a wide width, the C/D option, if you have an average width foot.
B00BCJV7H8 VERY NARROW My size was not available in wide, so I took a chance thinking leather will stretch some. BIG mistake! Although they are of high quality and a very attractive boot, my toes go completely numb after about 20 mins. of wear as they are WAY too tight across the top of the boot. The tightness is right where the stitching runs, so I don't hold out much hope that they will 'give' a little. Trying to wear a thicker sock to keep my toes warm makes the situation worse! I can't even keep them on long enough to 'stretch' them! Wasted my money. I highly suggest a size bigger AND in wide especially if you hope to wear a thicker sock.
B00BCJV7H8 Nice boots.. fit snug for wide size like boots but did fit snug for a wide boot but will keep because better then narrow size.  quick delivery
B00BCJV7H8 Should have ordered a wide This boot is so cute and I love the color: a greenish grey. The only problem is that they fit very snug. I ordered a 6 (my regular size) and a 6.5 because of reviews saying to order up. The 6.5 was way too big length wise and still snug around. I went back online to see about getting a 6 wide but they were sold out.. so I decided to keep the 6. They are not as warm as I had hoped but they seem to do well in terms of waterproof. I wish the reviews had said to order wide instead of order up. I'm hoping they will stretch out but not sure how likely that is.
B00BCJV7H8 Great boots and Amazon had the best price! I am usually a 5.5 in one foot and a 6 in my other foot, and I listened to practically EVERY other review that suggested to size up 1/2 a size. So glad I did and I got it in the wide fit. Fits perfectly and looks so adorable. Extremely comfortable. I gave my ugly Uggs to my elderly mom to wear and now wear these. It was below zero today in Minnesota and it kept me nice and toasty warm.EDIT: I got this in a 6.5 Wide and it was perrrrrfect!
B00BCJV7J6 Nice Boot. Could have more cushioning in the footbed. I like these boots. They ran true to size and width (got the wide). Like the traction of the sole and the purple keeps them somewhat feminine. They are rugged, however, and my goto boot in icy conditions. Wish the cushioning in the foot bed was a bit thicker. Will try inserts, but don't want to rob room for foot, as I have toe issues. The toe box is nice and roomy. Would recommend these.
B00BCJV7J6 Doesn't seem wide enough? gift from my husband  told him to order wide but Toe box somewhat narrow for a wide fit boot making thick socks uncomfortable
B00BCJV7J6 Ordered wide just not wide enough Love the traction makes me feel safe when walking in all this slush...a little snug for me but they work
B00BCJV7J6 Really Nice boots I have a somewhat wide football with a way narrower heel so I have trouble in general with non-wide shoes.  These didn't work for me personally because they rubbed along the side of one foot.  I wasn't able to do thicker socks either. If I went to the next size the heel would have been too big.BUT they lived to every other expectation. They were unbelievably warm and the rest of the boot was comfortable.  They have a decent amount of support. The color was nice. I liked them. But I can't keep them for the price.
B00BCJW35I very cute shoes, but weird sizing and material The good: these shoes are insanely cute and I get compliments every time I wear them. They have a lot of support and are very easy to walk in - they don't even feel like heels :)The bad: as other reviewers mentioned, they are super narrow in the toe box. I sized up half a size because they didn't have my size in the c/d (wide) version. The toe box was still extremely tight (and I don't normally wear wide shoe sizes). So try to get the wide version if you want these! Sizing up half a size is also not a bad idea. I expect the leather will stretch over time, but I can't wear them for extended periods at the moment.The worst part about these boots though is the leather. It just scuffs like crazy. Every time you touch it with your hand, and every time you touch anything else with your boot. I'm going to try to treat them with a scuff remover, but if it doesn't work, I'm not sure how much life I will get out of these before they look completely destroyed. So sad :(
B00BCJX6TU The Wide Isn't Wide ordered a 8.5 c/d and boots were way too narrow. overall the look of the boot was nice, just way too small
B00BCJXLHW Perfect! I have wide feet and wasn't sure if this would fit well, but it did! The materials are nice and durable, and has great support!Would recommend to other people would have wide feet that have trouble finding boots that fit.
B00BCJXLHW Not wide enough I have wide feet & purchased a Wide size, but the boots feel tight after wearing hiking socks. I will have to wear regular socks which defeats the purpose of hiking. :(
B00BCJXLHW I love it The shoes are even nicer than the picture. Comfartabe and warm. We ordered wide size to a normal feet and it fits realy good.
B00BCJXLHW better in the picture They were way too wide for my feet.They made them look huge for a size 7.  I thought I would love them
B00BCJXLHW Stylish and waterproof I live in Wisconsin and this winter was especially harsh. These boots fit pretty snug with thick wool socks but with a thin pair they fit perfectly. On those below zero days they felt pretty cold after a few minutes but were more than adequate for getting from place to place. As the temperature has rose above zero they have been perfect in the melting snow. The bottom of the boot is very strong so if you have wide feet make sure to order a wide pair. They are made this way so you can fold them down (I don't like them folded down) without them falling off your feet.  Overall great pair of shoes, I can't wait to wear them with dresses this spring.
B00BCJXLHW sturdy, and comfy right out of the box I was a bit nervous about ordering these as I knew there is no room for error in the fit on this shape and style of boot and for the usage it will get, which is for camping, doing light work outdoors. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived, at how these boots fit me exactly, which is not always the case as I am a 6.5 W and have a high arch.  Yes it feels is a little tight pushing your foot in just for a half-second getting your foot to slide in, but no problem, knowing that is the fit of this style of boots.  Once on they feel great!  The wide is not hugely wide, but slightly wider than a regular. My big toe is close to, but  not hitting the end of the boot - and I have a straight toe.  I will report more once I wear these a month or so.
B00DMWW1U0 So light I thought they were fake I have a slightly wide foot, but didn't think it was necessary to order half a size up. Wore them around for 12 hours and felt good.
B00DYQP7NM Nice and sturdy ballet flat This is a very nice shoe.  For a ballet shoe, it is surprisingly supportive.  The only reason I didn't give this shoe 5 stars is because I had to order 5 pairs of different sizes in order to find 2 different colors to buy.  The Nubuck leather variety (I purchased beige nubuck) was a full size smaller than expected.  I usually wear a 7.5 wide and I had to go up to an 8.5 wide.  But when I bought the fullgrain leather (I purchased tan full grain), I ordered the 8.5 wide thinking it would be the same as the other.  It was huge.  When I compared it to the beige pair, it was at least 1/2 inch larger.  I then went down to an 8 wide, still way too big.  Very inconsistent.  I ended up with my regular 7.5 for the full grain leather variety.  Feels a little snug, but I think since it's real leather it will wear in ok.  So, in conclusion, if you want the nubuck variety, don't be surprised if you need to order it a full size larger.  I am happy with the ones I ended up with though.
B00DYQP7NM Very nice shoe This is a very, very nice, well-made and comfortable shoe, but other reviewers were not kidding that it sizes small.  I can wear an 8.5 wide, so ordered a 9 wide, on suggestion of other reviewers, but even a 9 wide was too small!  Had to return it, and got a 9.5 wide, which fits comfortably.  Would definitely recommend this shoe, but you should  plan to order approximately one full size larger for good fit!
B00DYQP7NM Still searching... I have been looking for the perfect flats for my wide feet forever!  I took a chance after reading the reviews on Amazon that these ballet flats might work.  Unfortunately, the width was too narrow in a wide and my toes hit right on the end of the shoe.  Desperate to own a cute pair of flats, I exchanged for the next half size up.  UGH!  These worked in the width but slipped off of my feet with every step.  There was a good inch of heel gap in those flats.  Needless to say, my search continues...
B00ED8P6UY Nice boots, but not for bigger feet. These boots were very very nice. Well padded, very supportive.I have a thicker than normal and slightly wider than wide foot though, and these boots, even in 1/2 size larger wide, were not wide enough for me in the toe box. My big and little toes became very painful after wearing them for a short time, being squeezed too much.If you have average sized feet, I highly recommend these.
