B000073TM3 My go to boot I have work TIms and Outside work Tims. But always Tims. They're comfortable, last long, and I've been rebuying Timberlands for the past 6 years. Only boot I trust.
B00009WM7J Very Comfortable Boot I wear these boots daily for work and they are very comfortable, highly recommend!  I am wearing them through the summer months and my feet don't get hot.
B0007T4IGG Great work boots. Arrived timely. Fits as expected (maybe slightly larger, I would recommend wearing a thicker sock). Wearing them at work on a daily basis. Satisfied and can't give anything less than 5 stars.
B000AKVA6I Great looking boot I wear timberland pro series boots for work and I love them. That is the reason why I purchased these boots, although because they are slip on I can't wear them for work.  They still provide the same level of arch support and comfort as my other timberland pro lace up work boots. After four back operations this year I do not take chances when it comes to foot wear. I have to ground and pound it and I will only wear timberland pro as long as they keep they quality up.
B000AKVBCQ Durable & Stylin I use these shoes for work. I walk a lot outside and in peoples homes, so I need to look professional. I have chosen Timberland Pro for my work shoe the past two years, and the shoes have lasted an entire year. The bottoms don't wear out like most other name brand shoes do. Excellent choice for work or play!
B000AKVBCQ Great work shoe! This is a great work shoe. I work In a factory 10 to 11 hr shifts and their surprisingly comfortable. They were pretty true to size, and the best price I could find at a short notice.
B000AKVBCQ Outstanding Work Shoe I originally found these shoes at a local outlet. I was so satisfied with the comfort of wearing these to work everyday. When they started to wear down I decided to go back to the same outlet to purchase another pair however I could not find them anywhere. I searched Amazon and have bought the same boots several times. Hands down the best work shoe I have ever owned!
B000AKVBFI Great Work Boot I haven't worn work boots in 20 years, but now tend to visit a lot of manufacturing locations and customer sites where they are required, and I hate putting "clip clops" over my regular shoes.  I decided to buy these based on customer reviews and the price and have not been disappointed.  Compared to the work boots I was used to in the logging industry these are very lightweight and extremely comfortable - to be honest, I wouldn't be able to say they were steel toe based on the weight and feel to my fit, whereas with previous work boots it was very clear there was a chunk of steel in the toe that put pressure on the top of my foot and weight a ton.I've since taken to wearing them around the house when doing yardwork or working on vehicles since they do offer additional protection and aren't uncomfortable.  They look pretty sporty for a work boot, as well.As long as you don't need a heavy duty work boot, I'd recommend these.
B000AKVBFI Timberland 61096 Mudslinger I love this shoe. It looks and feels great on your feet. Best work boot out there. This is the third pair i've bought and will continue to buy untill their stop making them. I work in warehousing.
B000AKVBFI most comfortable work shoes I have ever owned I work on my feet all day. I have been wearing the timberland pro titans for a few years now. I have a problem with one of my feet from an injury years ago. So it always hurts, esp after work. I decided to try a different pair of boots and boy am I glad I did. These mudslingers are the most comfortable work boots I have worn. Granted I have only been wearing them a couple weeks now but my foot hardly hurts after work now. I do worry about the nylon lace straps holding up long term. But these are cheaper then the titans and more comfortable. Will buy again.
B000AKVBFI The most comfortable work boot he's ever owned. I purchased these work boots for my husband's birthday this year and he says they are the most comfortable shoe he's ever had to stand in all day. They fit perfect and wear well. Waterproof and durable, we will get these again when the first wear out. I read a lot of reviews and compared many different styles and makers before chosing this pair, we are very happy with the quality of this product.
B000AKVBFI great work shoe I work in the service industry & was looking for a comfortable & durable shoe... & I found it!!!  Its very comfortable considering the steel toes & the design allows your feet to breathe. I almost did not want to wear them to work because I liked them so much!
B000AL1EPE Most comfortable work boots I have found!!! I purchased these boots for work and the only thing that concerns me is the excessive stitching. I work around a lot of acid and caustic and I should have chosen a more solid built boot for that purpose. I have not had any problems with them yet it is just a worry I have. As for comfort, I haven't worn any other type of work boot since my first time buying Timberland work boots. They are hands down the most comfortable work boot made that I know of.
B000BB15ZC Great Work Shoe Husband is UPS man with a LOT of walking on his route. This is the only shoe he has been buying for work for the past several years. Gets 6 months to a year of wear out of each pair before he retires them to yard work. Will probably last a lot longer for someone who walks less.
B000BFIHVS Favorite work boots My father and brother both work construction and both swear by this boot. After years of trying new boots and replacing old ones, they have both converted solely to this boot. Warm and durable! Perfect for working outdoors.
B000BFIHVS Best boots for the money. I wear work / hiking boots about half of my work week. Over the years I've tried a lot of brands and Timberland is just the best for me. Order a half size bigger than what you usually wear; they run a bit small. But the quality, comfort, lacing ease, and durability is unsurpassed. I buy a new pair every year. Was introduced to them by a plumber / hiker who wore the same boot on the trail and at work.
B000BFIHVS Great for work! Great boot!  Have worn several years and really like it.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable work boot.
B000BFIHVS I own several pair and am happy with the fit and performance I knew the size because I own other boots from Timberland. I wear them for work and get a lot of time out of them.
B000BFIHVS Bangin You can wear these with anything and they work great in the winter or when working outside.
B000BFIHVS Very Nice Boots Great boot!  I have had them before. I work in them and clamp them into my snowshoes when I want to get some exercise.
B000BFIHVS timberland men's white ledge extremely comfortable , can wear for work or play, would highly recommend them and found them the cheapest on amazon
B000BFIHVS These boots look & feel great  !! I have had them a few months and have worn them every day to work.  I work in a casual office where everyone wears jeans.  These boots look great with jeans.  They are very comfortable for daily use.  I looked at many boot brands and styles and liked the looks of this the best as a daily winter boot.  I won't be hiking in them  ..  but I guess I could..
B000BFIHVS work boots I bought 10-1/2 Wide and fit was perfect! Use for work as my feet hurt in the reg. work boots.
B000BFIHVS Great Work Boots! I bought these boots from a retail store in the past and found them to be very comfortable and waterproof as advertised. Found them on Amazon for a good price so I ordered two pair. I am pleased with my purchase, will order again when needed, and would recommend these boots for anyone who needs a good, sturdy, waterproof boot for work.
B000BFIHVS Snow boots work well Got these to replace very old Timberland Boots, the new ones fit well.  They are too warm for me to wear indoors but work well for outside activities.
B000BFIHVS Great for course work. I work on a golf course and this boot is one of the best water proof boots on the market. $95.00 at Dicks.i
B000BFIHVS Great Shoes This is my third pair of these shoes and I love them. I wear steel toe boots at work so these get use after work and weekend. They work good walking in the mall or on the trail. I normally get about 2 years out of a pair, the last ones are still very comfortable but are starting to show their age.
B000BFIHVS Timberland review I gave it a 4star rating only because of future oiling. Don't know how well it will hold up. However, the fit is good and the first time I put them on, I noticed the comfort.  I usually wear work insoles for long durations, on my feet at work mostly, but, these boots felt good to the bone, very comfy! Highly recommend them.
B000BFIHVS Great shoe! I use these for work. They work and fit perfectly! Very comfortable shoe/boot and would be great for either work or hiking.
B000BFIHVS 15 miles the first day I walked 15 miles the first time I wore these boots and didn't get any blisters.  I am a bit worried about some of the wear, but only daily use will tell me how long they work.  I work in a Zoo, so I tend to work in the rain, snow, mud, animal waste, etc... So far they are holding up.
B000BFIHVS These boots are fairly nice, Good indoor and out I get a pair of these every year for work, There a good work boot for both indoor and out
B000FX9A5S Great-Awesome-Comfortable I buy Timberland boots every 9-10 months.This is the first time I bought this style of boot. I wear these boots when I am off of work!!! You can't even tell they are STEEL-TOE boots... When before all I wanted ,is take my boots off after work. Just great
B000FX9A5S Comfortable work boot Good, rugged pair of work boots.  I wear a medium weight wool sock and am comfortable all day.  Waterproof and insulated is the way to go!
B000FX9A5S great work boots I buy these for my sons. Both work where they need steel toes. These hold up better than any others. We have to buy them less often. Great buy
B000FX9A5S Top of the line work boots. Great fit, long lasting, high quality. Won't buy any boots other than Timberland. Their quality exceeds any work boot on the market.
B000FX9A5S Step in the right direction. I am amazed. I have been an avid customer of Timberland apparel for a long time. But these boots far exceed any of my expectations. I recently bought a pair of Carolina logger style boots for work. I work as a hydraulic mechanic in a concrete plant so my boots take alot of beating. As do my feet. The Carolina boots wore down on the sole within 3 weeks of my purchase. I was quite upset. But since I have bought these Pro Series almost no wear on sole, amazingly comfortable. And they came in wide with a steel toe. Absolutely awesome. If you dont own these as a work boot your feet will not ever experience comfort.  Im buying a second pair next month just to have when and if these wear out...
B000FX9A5S Timberland work boot Bought as a "used" on warehouse deals, but was only a return - new condition. I have been wearing work boots for 20 years and these are the most comfortable I have had. They are now 7 months old, and show only some scuffing on the toe area and some wear on the bottom. I work on a drilling rig, so you know they get a lot of hard use.
B000FX9A5S Buy these boots! I work at a dairy & work really hard. These are the only boots that have held up & they're comfortable too.
B000G1Z9XG My new work boots are very good overall. These boots are everything that I needed in a work boot. They are comfortable, light weight, give good ankle support and well constructed. I am glad that I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear. I feel that this helped make them comparable in fit to the 10.5 4E width of my usual walking shoes.
B000G1Z9XG Great Looking and Comfortable This is fast becoming my go-to boot when I can wear jeans. I liked the look and and so did my friends. Where I travel I have yet to see another pair like it and because I wear the tan Timberland work boot at work, I thought this would be a nice stylish choice for non-work events. It not only holds up to urban and city treks, but they have been very comfortable with an sole-insert on my all-day hiking trips.
B000G21BSC Timberland boots Fit as expected. Selected these for seasonal work with a well known brown shipping company. Work involved lots of in and out of truck in all kinds of weather. These were comfortable from day one. We're waterproof for me but I don't walk in streams.
B000G21BSC great work boot I have tried several brands of womens work boots only to find that the only ones that do not hurt my feet are timberland. I used to buy the timberland pro but the soles would split in the same location within a year so I tried this one. they are very comfortable right out of the box.
B000G23DQK excellent pair of work boots the size ran a little big but other than that these are awesome work boots for the price!! They wear well for the price and are very comfortable.
B000G261IW Good work boots These boots are great to work in, very durable and long lasting.
B000KVA7YI Good Work Boot This pair of work boots meet my expectation. They are comfortable. They fit well and so far are holding up well
B000MX4UGU Boots that are meant to work! I use various foot apparel for different stages of my profession. I am a remodeler. These boots feel great and  Protect my feet. If I can't stand/walk I can't work. No work no pay! More on the way!
B000QW02F0 good but heavy This is really good workboot but little heavy.But it was work perfectly when you were this.Nice products in the hard work
B000QW02F0 Good Boots I've owned 3 pairs so far.  Wear them all the time - work and everywhere.  Last longer than most boots I've had at this price.I mainly work inside on concrete.
B000UCCQEQ Top Notch! Timberland as always is consistent in excellence.  I've owned 3 pair of work boots for work and they are still comfortable after 14 hours in them. These trail hikers are just as comfortable as my work boots. I highly recommend these instead of a cheaper brand. You need to take care of your feet!
B000UCCQEQ Timberland Boots These boots are so light.  My husband walks a lot on his job and these were the perfect boots to meet his work needs as well as a casual boot for after work hours.
B000VW69IY My favorite shoes My feet get very hot especially at work when I'm walking around all day. I found these shoes to be the perfect pair for work. It has good traction (except on wet linoleum), and they're very comfortable. It's not too casual nor is it too formal. It's just right to wear  at work (I wear scrubs) and for wearing on vacations.
B000VWEHJW Comfort Very comfortable. Bought it for work and now wishing I got the brown as well.
B000VX03GC My second pair of timberline boots. My boots perfetly like the old timberline boots. I work in landscaping and wanted something comfortable, waterproof and breathable. My old pair lasted last season. I expect these to do the same. The price on amazon was great. The shoes came exactly when they said it would. Being able to tack them on route is a benefit. I wear them not just at work but when I am doing yard work at home. I have flat feet so I need a good pair of boots that support my feet. If they don't give me the support and comfort, my feet hurt. These boots fit the bill and the price is great. These classified for hiking, I use them for work. I work outside in the landscape field. These are great outdoor work boots. My feet stay dry, they have the gortex to let my feet breath, durable, and they are comfortable.
B000VX03GC Great substitute for work boots Extremely light, very supportive,  great for work.  I was needing to get new work boots and I've had timberland work boots for my last two pairs,  I decided to try hiking boots.  I'll continue to get these for future needs.Size was a bit tighter than previous timberland boots of same size
B000VX03GC Perfect! Lightweight, great fit, well made. Purchased for work because I needed a waterproof boot. Almost to nice to wear to work.
B000VX03GC Great work shoes! I bought these boots for my boyfriend who woks construction, and he loves them.  He hasn't complained once about his feet. The boots are also decent looking especially for work boots.  So far we are not sure how durable they are, since he has only owned them for a few weeks.
B000VX03GC Great work boot This is the 3rd pair of Timberlands I have purchased for work boots.  They are very lightweight and fit perfectly right out of the box.  The light color does show scuffs easier than the dark brown.  I really like Timberland.  Great product for not much money.
B000VX03WQ Great Boots Fit a little snug until the broke in but now I wear them everyday!Would give them 5 stars but it did take a little work to get them to break in.
B000VX03WQ Great work boot This is a great work boot.  It holds up to heavy abuse being worn on construction sites for long work days. I keep buying this same boot over and over when I have to replace my boots because they hold up well and are a great value.
B000VX04PC Nice, but slightly narrow This is my initial review of the Timberland Mid Field Boot. They were purchased because I needed a durable, and comfortable, pair of waterproof boots for work. Since I was purchasing them for work, I wasn't expecting a great looking boot, but even though there's room for improvement, they're better looking then I expected. Thanks to the good lucks and comfort, I'll probably wear them some outside of work, too (I try not to wear my work boots outside of work.)While I own boots that are more comfortable, these still hold their own very well in that department. This is partly due to the fact that they fit me great. The only thing I would change would be to add a little more arch support and to make them a little wider. The latter item may also be their biggest downfall, because even though they fit my average width foot fairly well, I worry that they'll be too small with heavy boot socks, which I wear regularly. I also find that the laces are a little too short, but I never worry about laces when I purchase a shoe, since they're inexpensive to replace and often look better, too.I'll also note that the sole is quite rigid, as a good field boot should be. This is another thing that I think could be better, but it did meet my expectations. I haven't tested how well it keeps my feet dry, but I expect it to do very well. Overall, it seems to be a very durable boot that will last me quite a while.update 1: The insoles in these are surprisingly very thin. I see this as a good thing, since they're already quite comfortable, because a better insole would probably make them even more comfortable.
B000X46MOQ 4 years, 3 pairs, each comfy right out of the box I have owned 3 pairs of these boots and have never had to break them in. Thay are very comfortable, and have each lasted me a little over a year doing various sorts of outdoor, physical work such as prairie restoration, trail work, and tree work for 40+ hours a week. Highly recommend.
B000X46MOQ Comfortable I like timberlands  for work this is the only brand I buy it is comfortable light water proff and awesome this is something I would highly recommend you to get for work.
B000X46MOQ Work Boots I had been searching for boots that meet my work standards. These boots are comfortable and have good padding inside. And that is what is important to me.
B000XEA5ZI first pair of real work boots... this is the first pair of actual work boots i have bought. i did a lot of searching for a good all around boot that is also comfortable. i read a lot of reveiws on this boot and they didn't lie. these things are awesome. didn't take that long for them to go from a tight snug fit when right out fo the box, to comfortable on the feet. very happy with these boots.
B000XEA5ZI Comfortable and rugged. I got these as work boots. I work for a major telecommunications company and these work well for climbing and kneeling. I love these boots.
B000XEAA0S a great work boot quite simply that best work boots i've ever used. i work in a paper mill and they're great. very pleased.
B000XEAA0S For me these boots last a lifetime I use these boots primarily to work around the house.  In my household, we call it my construction worker boots.  Obviously they do not go through as much abuse as, say in a factory type environment but to me it is a matter of comfort and safety.  It is still a lot better than wearing sneakers for this kind of work because I have done done it broke heals or soles.  I wore my previous pair while shoveling snow from the driveway.  Waterproofing was great.  It does take a little while longer to break in these shoes, which is a good thing.  It tells me how sturdy the material is.You will love it.
B000XEAA0S Solid Boot great performance I ordered this boot for a work boot I work in a Pepsi bottling facility and there is a lot of water, grease, and beverage concentrate on the floors in my work area I have tried other boots with oil resistant non-slip soles and these are among the best I have tried. A word of caution though these boots take a substantial amount of time for break in give it at least a few weeks another thing I have noticed is they do not breathe very well leaving a very "swampy" foot and sock upon removal and they are kinda warm and may be better suited for wearing outside rather than in. All in all I like these boots but to be honest they feel more like a $80-$100 pair of boots rather than a a $128 pair of boots.
B000XEACHO A very good pair of boots! I am on my 3rd and 4th pair of these boots, and at under $100 they are a real bargain. The fit is good for my feet and for a safety toed boot, they are comfortable enough for all day wear. I do concrete work and the boot materials have held up well in the extremly harsh work environment.
B000XEAJOK VERY GOOD WORK BOOTS VERY GOOD WORK BOOTS, IS LIGTH WEIGTH, AND CONFORTABLE. I USE FOR 10 WORK HRS. A DAY. AND IS VERY GOOD I RECOMEND THIS BOOTS FOR PEOPLE WORKING HARD.
B000XEAM10 NICE WORK BOOT BOUGHT THIS BOOT FOR MY HUSBAND FOR WORK.  HE LOVE THEM. STANDS ON FEET ALL DAY AND STATED THEY ARE COMFORTABLE. I THINK THEY ARE ALSO STYLISH FOR A WORK BOOT. FIT TRUE TO SIZE. HE WEARS A 13 WIDE AND WE HAD PROBLEMS FINDING SHOES FOR HIM. SO THIS WAS A GREAT PURCHASE.
B000XEAM10 Great work boot I work 12hr shifts and am on my feet most of the time; this is my second pair, very comfortable, great fit even with the jell inserts that I use in them....
B000XEAM10 Great Boots This is my 3rd pair of these boots and I love them. They are very comfortable and work well in the offshore environment that I work in.
B000XEAM10 Good work boots Most comfortable work boots I have worn so far. I had Red Wings before I bought Tims. Blah Blah Blah
B000XEAM10 Just what I expected This is my third pair of these boots which I wear six days a week for work in an industrial environment. They are comfortable and durable.
B000XEAMXS Awesome work Boots! I have finally found a pair of work boots that are perfect! These are so light and comfortable I don't know why I ever wore anything else before. Timberland, Thanks!
B000XEAMXS Great Work boot This is the 4th pair of this work boot I've ordered in the last 6 years;  perfect fit, comfortable, long lasting.
B000XEAMXS comfortable right out of the box I only work occasionally so my feet aren't used to work boots or even shoes for that matter.  Usually in flip flops or house shoes.  This is my 2nd day wearing these and have to say they are very comfortable.  The only discomfort I'm having is because my feet aren't used to boots, walking and standing.  I'm sure once I get used to that, these will be the most comfortable boots I've bought yet.  Good work Timberland!
B000XEAMXS Comfortable working boots Hubby wears boots everyday to work, states they are the only boots he can wear for a long period of time without the hassle of changing into his out of work shoes.
B000XEAMXS Great work boots! These are great work boots right out of the box. I wear them almost every day and they are very comfortable.
B000XEAMXS Most Comfortable Work Boot We have bought this work boot in the past and it is simply amazing. My husband says that the breaking in time is hardly nothing. Very comfortable but rugged for the job.
B000XEAPDA Good work boot Many of my co-workers had these boots and suggested them. They are light and not uncomfortable with first. Im sure they will break in well.
B000XEAPDA work boots Fit great and a very comfortable straight out of the box. I'll buy these again when this pair wears out.
B000XEAPDA Perfect I get a new pair of these about every 18 months or so for work- I climb a lot of ladders and abuse the heck out of these things. They are extremely comfortable and sturdy, and keep your feet dry when it rains. The best work boots I have owned.
B000XEAPDA work boots I love the timberland pro series for my work, they are very durable which is something I need in my line of work
B000XEAPDA work boots They are not as comfortable as the last pair that I purchased.These are a size 14 wide cannot wait to take them off when I get home from work&#62;
B000XEAPDA Best work boats I've owned These are my 3rd pair, a must have if you are on your feet a lot. I walk 5-10 miles a day when at work and these boots are the closest you'll get to sneakers for a work boot.
B000XEAPDA Great pair of work boots All around great pair of work boots.  No break in required.  High quality.  Not too stiff.  Composite toe is light yet strong.  Non-skid sole does not leave black marks on floor.
B000XEAPDA So far so good It did not take long to break these boots in. They are comfortable yet still heavy duty enough for construction work.
B000XEAPDA These work boots run a little small for me - probably need a 1/2 size larger. Bought these work boots in a size I usually wear.  Probably need a 1/2 size larger since my feet swell a little when standing on the shop floor for a long time.  Also, I'd like to wear 2 pairs of socks but the work boots would be too snug.  Other than that these work boots are pretty good.
B000XEAPDA Timberland Safety Toed Boot Geat work shoe!  Protects well against the cold and lasts several years.  I have worn work shoes for 40 years and these are the best.  They aren't super heavy and have great support.  I work in a harsh chemical area and will continue to buy this same shoe until I retire.
B000XEAPDA good boots i get $100 a year from work to buy new boots(in lieu of health care) and timberland makes good boots. this pair seemed a litlle larger than most-not quite  half a size. in the winter wont be a problem with thicker work socks. next year i think ill try the endurance model and pay the difference. But these are light ,comfortable work boots so cant complain.
B000XEBTHG Warm winter work boots, supple leather, all day comfort Shame these are no longer available. Bought a pair in summer of 2010 on lightning deal. Previously I had 3 pairs of timberland pro work boots, both pitboss and others, and they lasted a long time. Was very happy when these arrived. These boots were attractive, comfortable, and durable. I have walked all day exploring chicago in a blizzard, slid into a semi tractor trailer head on while riding, and used these for work around the house. Insoles needed replacement, but laces have held up thus far. Bought a pair of pit boss to replace these, as the semi accident put a rip in the leather on steel toe, and dented it.Great boots. Buy em if you can find em
B000XEEDDS Awsome Work Book I work in the construction industry. I have always worn Timberland boots. This boot impaticular is a very rugged,good looking, durable, comfortable work boot to wear all day. I have had a lot of complements on them and recommend them for all day work or play wear. Big thumbs up to timberland on this one.
B000XEEQAI Best work boot ever This is my second pair and they are the most comfortable work boot! Worked construction most of my life and wish I could have had boots this comfortable all the time.
B000XEEQAI Work boot with sneaker sole I am a cabinetmaker. Bar none these are the best work boots for working on a concrete slab all day. My first pair lasted 5 years, 2 longer than any other work boot. Soft and flexible, steel toe just in case. Not for ladders or shovels on a consistent basis because the soles are more like sneaker soles These are a pleasure to work in everyday.First boots I ever bought online, perfect fit.
B000XEEQAI Fantastic workboot In 3 years, this is the 2nd purchase of this work boot.  My husband works on the job site each day building decks and screened porches, and has these boots on from 7AM-5PM.  He said they are very comfortable and worth the money.  The first pair needed replaced because the healed started to wear thru and a crack formed along the bottom of it from side-to-side.  The steel toe is a definite must have for the construction job site ... protects him from falling tools.  The sturdy, thick sole is also a must have ... protect him from anything he steps on ... In his college days he stepped on a nail ... while wearing sneakers because he couldn't afford work boots ... the nail went thru the sneaker and into his foot.  Medical bills ensued, missed work and pain ... all because of the wrong work book.  Lesson learned.
B000XEEQAI Who knew work shoes could be this comfortable? I do it every year. I try to find work shoes other than these suitable for my job environment. Without exaggeration I'll try at least 20 pair ranging from $25 cheap imports to obscenely expensive domestics ($150+) but nothing comes quite as close to a perfect fit as this particular style model number (#26063) from Timberland. For us guys who have wide feet and a high instep, these things are a godsend. The crazy thing is not only do they fit so well, they are incredibly comfortable as work shoes go. I find that I can wear them well after leaving work. Amazon's pricing saves me twenty bucks on average compared to the closest online competitor.What the heck, give 'em a shot. You only have 19 more pair to go if these don't fit the bill...but I think they will.
B000XEEQAI Great work shoes... This is my 5 pair of these work boots....Love how they fit and wear....Just wish I could get them to last longer
B000XEEW9S Great work boot This is the second pair of the Timberland  Titan work boots I have ordered, and overall, I am really happy with them.  They are true to size, require no breaking in time, and are really comfortable.  One small issue, the felt- like cloth on the inner heel wears out rather quickly.  Still, as someone who spends all day on their feet, working in the service industry, I highly recommend these boots.
B000XEEW9S great work boot. The workboots are easy to wear and work in. I have plenty of room for my wide feet. The price is great also.
B000XEH2JA TIMBERLAND PRO TITANS this is a very comfortable boot for work or whatever I would always buy cheap work boots but ever since I baught these I'm hooked...I have baught 2 pair in the last month with amazon,com having the best deal and price...
B000XEH2JA timberland pro titan boots THE BOOTS ARRIVED IN A TIMELY MANNER & FIT PERFECTLY! THEY ARE GREAT WORK BOOTS. I HAVE WORN THEM BEFORE & RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A REALLY COMFORTABLE, DURABLE PAIR OF WORK BOOTS!
B000XEH2JA Very good boot for the money This is my Third pair of Timberland pro Boots and for a boot out of the box, they are easy on the feet and they hold up very good. I work in a Warehouse and they get a workout every day I would recommend these boots to anyone!
B000XEH2JA Timberland work boots This is the second pair of these boots I bought for my husband. He says they are the most comfortable work boots he has ever worn. And he has been wearing work boots about 25 years. So glad the same ones are still available. Thank you Timberland for keeping a great pair of work boots on your product line.
B000XEH2JA Super work boot Light weight. Most comfortable work boot I have ever had on my foot. This is my third pair. Great no slip material.
B000XEH2JA By Far The Most Comortable Work Boot I've Worn!!!!! I've tried many work boots,I even tried hiking boots for comfort. Above all else these boots take the cake.They provide all day comfort and are so light weight that It felt like I were wearing sneakers. Give them a try, Timberland even gives you 30 days to try and if they aren't a comfortable work boot just send them to timberland and they'll refund your money. I like them so much I'm on my second pair.
B000XEH2JA Worried I got these boots for my boyfriend he said there very comfortable but there about 3 weeks old and they look like there a couple years old. He works in a factory and he isnt easy on them for sure but these are work boats there meant to be used as work boots. Im scared there not gonna make it to 3 months the way there wearing out. They look like there will be holes worn thru before long. Come on there work boots. They should be able to withstand a beating for a 100 + dollars they should at least make it a year.I also work in a factory I bought Wolverine's cause they were 50 bucks ok I do everything a man does and Ive had these boots 1 1/2 yrs and they look better than my boyfrinds 3 week old Timberland.This is terrible. The price you pay and the way they look now Im very concerned I read a lot of the reviews and this had the best review. I can only think the people that reviews worked in the office at the factory cause these boots look WORN OUT already just 3 weeks in. I will update. So you get an HONEST review on these boots.
B000XEH2JA Best boots for my job I walk anywhere from 3 to 12 miles a day for work.  I switched boots a year ago and was glad to get back into the pro series again.
B000XEH2JA These are great work boots. Timberland has been my work boot of chose for all my work boot use. I would recommend them to all my friends.
B000XEH2JA The only boots I wear I've been buying these boots for the last several years and they haven't let me down. They're comfortable from the moment you put them on, with none of &#34;break-in&#34; ankle pain that I've experienced with other work boots. I own one pair for work and another pair for everyday wearing. When it's time get new boots for work, I just replace them with my everyday pair and purchase a new pair and start using those for my off-work life. Highly recommended.
B000XEH2JA I love these boots I rate these boots 5 stars because their comfortable, stylish all in one i'd recommend timberland pro for any occasion wheather for work or for any casual occasion these boots will work for you.
B000XEH2JA Work boot perfect This boot is perfect for my work. I do maint. engineering and these boots are the best and they last a long time. I have been buying this same boot for almost ten years. And my feet feel great even when I work long overtime days.
B000XEH2JA To be continued... It took just 1 and 1/2 shifts (8 hour) at work to make them fit like a glove.My heals rubbed a bit, however you'll get some discomfort with any new work-boot. I like as of now. I'll know more next week. Just got em.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable not as durable ! I really like this shoes over other brands that this is my second pair that I buy from Amazon.  They are very, very comfortable shoes.  I work 12 hour shift and by the end of my day my feet feel less tire than other shoes that I have.  I alternate them with other shoes on my days that I have to work  and can tell the difference.  The  reason why I don't give them 5 stars its cause of a couple of things that are very important for me.  One of them is durability and  the other one is that Timberland claims it is a waterproof shoe but they are not really.  I work on a corn processing plant where I have to work on wet floors sometimes a few inches high of water, and when they get wet or if keep walking through the water than a few hours later you realize they are not really waterproof.  After 3 to 4 months  (45 to 60)  of wearing them, they start to leak really bad and the soles start breaking apart.  I should just give them only 3 stars but like I said before they are comfortable when new and a really like  that and the fact that they are lightweight.  I would recommend them to somebody if they don't have to work on a watery environment.
B000XEIZ7S my husband's work boots They are wonderful, all he was hoping for in a work boot. Would recommend to anybody needing well constructed boots.
B000XEIZ7S great work boot I had a pair for five years, they finely wore out. this is a great work boot. shipping was fast and was what I expected.
B000XEIZ7S 26078 Tim's These are probably the most comfortable boots I've ever worn for work, hopefully they will last for a year or more. We shall see.
B000XEIZ7S Work boot I have been wearing these work boots for the past three years and I love them. They are very light weight and my feet don't hurt after a long day, they are kinda comparable weight wise to a tennis shoe. Best work boots I have ever had and I will never wear anything else
B000XEIZ7S Great work boot The Timberland Pro Titan waterproof with Safety toe is a great work boot.  This isn't my 1st pair and may not be my last.  They are by far the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn.  The Amazon price is less than the normal retail store, which only added to the value.Bottom line:  Great Boot, Great Price
B000XEIZ7S Timberland shoe This work boot was not what I expected, after wearing the boots for one week it looked and feels like its 6 months old. I not crazy for this work boot.
B000XEIZ7S boots Bought these for work and so far appear to wear very well . I believe I would buy them again at this point
B000XEIZ7S Timberland PRO Men's Boots. Fits great...Husband wears them to work. It don't hard his feet or toes at all. Great work boots he would buy this again if needed to with Amazon.  Thanks
B000XEIZ7S Good work boot Only work boot that fits my wide foot comfortably without the steel toe rubbing.  This is the 8th pair of this same style I have purchased.  Holds up longer in the extreme environments I work in.
B000XEIZ7S Good value for money Quite hard wearing & comfy, they do look like a cross between work boots & clown shoes in larger sizes though!!
B000XEIZ7S Good Quality and Very Comfortable Very Comfortable and light weight.  I change my shoes when I get to work and sometimes I think I still have my regular shoes on but I did change into my work boots.
B000XEIZ7S Great boots Excellent boots, reliable. Can take a beating on the work site. I've worn these in all types of construction sites and through every type of weather. I'd recommend them to anyone, both as a work boot, and a winter weather boot.
B000XEIZ7S Very Comfortable. Great safety work boots. Light and easy to maintain. A bit pricy compare to other work boots (red wings, etc.) but worth every penny.
B000XEIZ7S Saved my job I'm a electrician and work in construction environments. I do a lot of walking on hard and uneven surfaces my right foot developed Plantar fasciitis which is a very painful foot ailment. The doctor told me I had 2 choices, surgery or rest. I could not afford to be out of work for a long period  of time so I kept working and got worst some morning I could not walk but I had to work for my family. Luckily a friend at work told me he use these timberland pro Titan series boots.  I try them and my foot felt better almost Immediately. After a few weeks of wearing these boots my foot was back to normal. Now I buy these boots in bulk. I keep at least 2 pair on hand. When I see these boots on sale on amazon I rack up. These r the best work boots. Like the title states these boot saved my job,
B000XEIZ7S Lightest I've owned several pairs of timberland pro boot and other brand work boot, this is the lightest and comfortable pair among my work boots.
B000XEIZ7S Great boots! The best work boots I have found in 25 years of construction work.  Been using this model of boots for years. Very lightweight, waterproof, and comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland PRO Mens work boot These are great work boots. Very comfortable and rugged even in the harshest desert work environments. Feet stay dry and comfortable. These boots are 145 dollars in retail stores and there is no difference in quality. I highly recommend these boots and will be buying them again on the next round where I need another pair of high quality work boots.
B000XEIZ7S GREAT WORK BOOT This is a grat boot. Even with existing blisters on my husbands feet from crappy work boots these feel great. Lightweight and comfortable.
B000XEIZ7S Timberland Pro Very well made and comfortable for a work boot. Thank you and looking forward to shopping here again soon for a great deal.
B000XEIZ7S Comfortable Most comfortable boot I've worn. I usually wear sneakers, but have to wear boots for work and these are like putting on nice sneakers!
B000XEIZ7S work boot This boot is perfect for my work. I do maint. engineering and these boots are the best and they last a long time.
B000XEIZ7S Very Comfortable/Durable Work Boot I've owned a pair of Timberland PRO Men's Titan 6" Waterproof Safety Tow Work Boots for at least two years. This is by far the most comfortable boot that I've ever placed on my feet. They are lightweight, easy to lace up and mold to your feet; you don't even realize they're there. These boots are steel toe equipped and slip resistant, which comes in handy in my line of work. They are easy to keep clean and durable. I walk a lot at work on anything from blacktop to crush and run stones. My feet always feel comfortable and safe. I would recommend these boots to anyone seeking a comfortable and durable work boot.Please rate this review if you found it helpful.
B000XEIZ7S work boots Great boots at a great price. This makes my third pair of these boots. They are really comfortable, & also waterproof. I won't buy any other kind of boots to work in as long as they keep making these.
B000XEJ9V4 This will be my 3rd pair in 10yrs I purchased my 1st pair of these over 10yrs ago. Cant stress how comfortable they are. I have a similiar set for work (I work 12hrs a day sometimes 7days a week) and these will be my everyday shoes. After breaking my tibia I cant wear tennis shoes without being being in constant pain. I love these boots
B000XEJ9V4 COMFORTABLE AND GOOD VALUE I purchased these boots for my boyfriend who works in construction and also does masonry work.  This is to replace an expensive pair of Chippewa boots that lasted less than a year.  He said these boot feel great.  I bought these boots because of all the good reviews and they say to buy the PRO for the comfort. The price is best on Amazon, as usual.  He is saving the old boots for masonry work as it takes a toll on work boots.
B000XEKCRE To comfortable to relegate to work only!! I am ordering my third pair of these boots.  I work in a rugged, corrosive environment and these boots have not only been durable, they are the only boots I have ever bought that I didn't need a break in period.The first pair I bought local to get the right fit.  They felt good from day one, no breaking them in like so many other boots.  As a matter of fact, they are so comfortable I wear them for many other activities.  I hike in them, do work around the farm/yard.  I wear them to play with the kids in the snow.  Sometimes I think they are the most comfortable shoes I have, despite spending good money for good casual, dress and play shoes.Personally, as long as they continue to make this boot I will continue to wear it.
B000XEKCRE Great summertime boot! A really lightweight and extremely comfortable pair of work boots. No break in period, perfect right out of the box.
B000XEKHOC My First Pair of Timberland Pro Men Boot Little of myself :I have seeking for a year at least for a boot that able to accompany me at long hours by walking & standing cause of my work position.... I'm a Wedding Photographer.2 week ago I FOUND a dream product of  Timberland Pro Men boots in Amazom.com here, thank you specially with so many nice feed back whereby I can referring at.Upon my receiving, I trying to break in & start with my 12 hours Photography Wedding work at the same day (11 Feb. 2013) .... all I can say is Totally Awesome & I start Loving Timberland Pro products. Worth every single cents paid, Quality products. Keep up those awesome work at making Timberland's Products !Thank you Amazon.com by able to send me this pair my Boots on time, love it !
B000XEKHOC great boots The timberland pro soft toe boots are great. They are made of a good leather and are tough enough to work in without feet getting tired. If u wipe them down and put a good leather care product on them they are nice enough for casual wear for after work. Plus thay are waterproof with an oil resistant sole. They last me longer than other work boots so they are the only ones i buy. I have never torn them up or lost a sole quickly like some other brands. Normally i replace them for cosmetic reasons from abuse and not because the boots have torn up.
B000XEKHOC great boot best work boots ever. Ordered another pair in wheat. If you work on your feet all day these are the boots for you,
B000XEKHOC Great work boot As far as work boots go it has great durability.  I can't give it 5 stars because the boot is relatively heavy, though for me this isn't really an issue
B000XEKHOC Easily the most comfortable work boot made. I've been buying these for longer than I can remember. They are the most comfortable and durable work boot I have ever worn. I used to buy these at Work n Gear but they cost $120 there. I got them here for around $85 bucks. Not much more to say about this brand. If you haven't tried them, give them a shot. You will be glad you did.
B000XEKHOC Love it!!!!! Great boots last so long. I really will recommend this boots it work for my husband which work in construction. bought in 2011 and up to now did not need another one until now. before when I had bought the ones from Walmart the same year i buy it needs to be replace but this one as last for very long time about to purchase a new one.
B000XEKHOC Great boot I bought these for my work, but they are so comfortable, I am seriously thinking of getting another pair to wear away from work.
B000XEKHOC not good actual outdoor work boots not very good for winter time, I work as a satellite tv installer, so I'm outside for an extended period of time on some jobs. they're warm when I put them on at home, but once I'm outside for a while, the soles become rock hard and the cold seeps into the inside of the shoe. if it's below 20 degrees I have to put hot hands hand warmers inside of my boots. would not recommend them if you're looking for winter WORK boots. they might work to shovel a small sidewalk, but not for actually working outside
B000XEKHOC Always use timberland for work I have few years using it Really good boots for work ,really comfortable!!!!! Light boots , Nice  and really like it!!
B000XEKHOC Great Boots I wear these usually 70-80 hours a week and very rarely am I off my feet. Very durable and as comfortable as I could expect from a heavy duty work boot.
B000XEKHOC Good Work Boot These boots are great for work. The only problem is if you work around ice they tend to slide more than other work boots. My last pair of work boots I could walk on ice without slipping, but the TimPro's aren't up to the task.
B000XEKHOC Great boot I have bought these Boots for years . I wear them riding my street bikes and once they are scuffed up a little , I use them for work [Marine Mechanic] .The stitching never comes undone and the soles never peel off like some boots I have owned. PLUS their comfortable. This is my 8th pair. Between the motorcycles and work, I get a year out off them. Great all around Boot
B000XEKHOC Surprised The boot fits well. I bought them for work and I work them for a day on and off before I used them at work..was really surprised how quickly they broke in. Very pleased with them.
B000XEKIUK best work boot Work 12 hr days and these boots last and are comfortable and good looking boots I have  had red wings but these are my perfered work boot by far
B000XEKIUK Solid Work Boot. Stylish. I am currently breaking in the boots but I will be wearing these on a motorcycle trip in January in Brazil. Only complaint (minor, since they are work boots) is that there is some scuffing on the boot, which may have been the result of someone trying them on in a store prior to purchase. I think with one layer of sock, these boots may be uncomfortable, but I always wear two socks regardless of the shoe, and they feel fine.
B000XEKIUK Work Needed these for work and they were shipped on time and fit.  This was purchased, had to be a few years ago, from Amazon.  Still going strong.
B000XEKIUK Love my Timbs fit perfectly and gives my feet the extra protection I needed for work. Definitely recommend purchasing to go out or work.
B000XEKK94 comfortable The most comfortable work boot I have ever had. After a couple of times wearing them they were broke in.
B000XEKK94 Great Shoe The #1 work boot for the contractor, also not too bad with jeans! I would recommend these boots to everyone.
B000XEKK94 GREAT WORK BOOT GREAT WORK BOOT FOR COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTIONCOMFORTABLE RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX...NO BREAK IN TIMEFOR THE PRICE CAN'T BEAT THE PROTECTION AND COMFORT FOR YOUR FEET
B000XEKK94 Work Boots Good strong  and comfortable. These boots exceeded my expectations as far as comfort and durability. I work hard and my boots need to also.
B000XEKK94 Work boots Needed new work boots for a mission trip later this year.  Have been wearing them at home doing yard work and the like.  So far so good!  Comfortable, sturdy, waterproof.  I expect many years of service out of these boots.  I'll update if I do not.
B000XEKK94 Pro T I like this boots a lot they are really comfortable and I can do any kind of work try them out.
B000XEKK94 love em last forever and comfy work boot deff get again and fast shipping and fits great and perfect work boot warm and waterproof
B000XEKK94 tb boots If you spend alot of time on your feet and work in the trades this is the boot you've looking for.Once you put on a pair of timberland pro's no other work boot will ever match the comfort level that you get. Timberland pro's are even superior to regular timberland boot.I bought a regular pair of timberlands by mistake and they went to the garage as spares.Your feet will thank you.
B000XELF3O Good boots Great work boots, I work lots of hours and on my feet all day. These boots do take a little time to become broken in though. First couple days they are stiff.
B000XELF3O timberland pitboss 6" steel toe I have been wearing these boots for about a month. I work two jobs and wear them at both and they are really comfortable boots and they look real good. I feel surefooted on wet surfaces, ladders and dusty concrete and even wear them when im not at work, ive clocked over 15 hours in a day wearing these boots without an issue. They feel more like a hiking boot than a work boot. Timberland workboots in retail stores where i live are 200$ and up you cant beat this price
B000XELF3O quality boots but hurt my ankles Needed steel toes for work. I need a WIDE size. these are wide enough in the toe but to narrow in the heel and mid foot area, not very comfortable. one day I laced the boots all the way up and walked around at work, I noticed some discomfort in the way they positioned my ankle. when I got home and took off the boots, I could barely walk. I had to take a sick day from work b/c the next day i couldn't walk.I wear the boots still due to their high price but I just don't lace them past the eyeholes.
B000XELF3O Great Work boots I bought the black boots here on amazon a few days ago... The black in the picture may look like some sort of leather, well.. it may be but it is coated with a rubber type material that makes these boots easy to care for.After trying some shoes here on amazon for my work I came to love these because they have the timberland PRO rubber, thus giving them Anti-Slip and Oil Resistance.If your in the service field and are looking for a anti-slip shoe that will last 5 + years still looking perfect... Then these are the shoes for you.
B000XELF3O good work boots The boots are a little hard for my taste. I wound up putting in a gel insert just to give my heels a little relief, with that addition they work well.
B000XELF3O These are good fitting work boots The problem with steel toed work boots is that they are very stiff and can be uncomfortable.  The Timberland PRO Men's Steel Toe boots are as comfortable as a steel toed work boot can be.  The fit is true to size, and as far as work boots go, these are the best fitting work boots I have ever had.  It is great too that they come in the larger sizes as I am a size 15 and I have a problem getting any shoes or boots that fit without paying a fortune for them.  The price was great and the boots work great too.
B000XELF3O Excellent work boots I work in a manufacturing plant (steel).  These boots always last me at least 3 years.  They're comfortable (after being broken-in).  Ensure that you polish them occasionally as the leather does seem to want to start drying up and cracking.
B000XELF3O Lasted a long time. My husband needs a good pair of work boots because he's outside in the dirt a lot and they just get ruined really fast. I think these lasted him over a year, so I would recommend them.
B000XELF3O Excellent work boot My husband has been wearing this style Timberland for work for many years.  This year they have changed the sizing.  He had to order 1 size up.  Highly recommend them!
B000XELF3O Perfect! These are my third pair of Timberland work boots. I love the quality of their products. They typically last me around three years of hard use before I need to replace them.  Decided to order them in a wide size this time and they are great. The steel cap doesn't pinch my toes. The boots look nice and are easy to clean. I recommend these to anyone looking for a quality work boot!
B000XELF3O My favorite work boot This is my second pair of timberland pit boss work boots and I love them. Very comfortable. A good boot for a cheap price.
B000XELF3O The Ultimate Work Boot Simply put, I haven't owned a better pair of work boots to date.I have worked a variety of manual labor positions over the years and gone through the gamut of work books. Truth be told,  I would trade in all of my previous pairs for these ones.When it comes to comfort and durability, I haven't found a better pair yet. They're very well built, have a good style, and I can be on my feet all day in them and not feel sore. After lacing them up, I'm ready for the workday. After the workday concludes, I often opt to wear them around casually. I love them and highly recommend them.You'd be hard pressed to find a more comfortable pair of steel-toes. If you do, I'd love to hear about them.
B000XELF3O Best work Boots for the money Great Boots. Service could have been faster but it was worth the wait. i will recommend them to anyone looking for a good pair of work boots.
B000XELF3O Great work boots, great order process. excellent order process overall. Shipped out and received as expected, some blemishes were on left boot..Butnothing to get excited about, getting worn to work anyway..Somewhat big though, but again on my end ordered a wideinstead of usual fitting.. Very pleased with order process. Will continue to shop.
B000XELF3O work great they fit nice and seem well built.I wear them more than just work.I would recomend them to anyone.
B000XELF3O my sons work boots. my son ordered these for himself (thank God). he is very pleased with them for various reasons. one they are kinda stylish to be a work boot. and they provide very good protection for his feet. in his line of work and with the surfaces that he walks on, he does not complain about foot pain either. over all a very good constructed boot and you definitely will get your bang for your buck outta these.
B000XELF3O nice work boot These are comfortable and fit as expected. I would definitely consider ordering them again if I ever needed another pair.
B000XELF3O Great boot. These are a great pair of boots. They're durable and last almost a year for me. I work in an industrial environment and I'm on my feet 7 hours out of an 8 hour work day, climbing ladders, stairs, walking and lifting things.These boots work great for the price. I gave it 4 out of 5 because the insole kinda sucks. I found buying a good insole with arch support works great with these boots.
B000XELF3O Good work Boot I do renovations and repairs. Consequently I do everything from framing, plumbing, electrical, tiling, etc. I need a comfortable all day boot that protects my feet with good toe cavity when tiling. I like the angled heel and easy lace up. This is my second pair. The first ones lasted 3 years before showing wear. The sole (and grip) are excellent for ladder work and traction on slippery surfaces.
B000XELF3O so comfortable these boots are so comfortable and durable, i wear them beyond my work place. totally worth buying. i would recommend them to anyone
B000XELF3O Great boots! I got these for my boyfriend because he said he needed new work boots and he said he doesn't want to use them for work but to keep them for his day to day shoes because he likes them so much!
B000XELF3O great work boots My last pair of the pros lasted me a year and a half, and that's with five plus miles on a work week.  Though, I will say breaking them in hurt the ankles a bit for a week, If i had any drawback.
B000XELF3O so far so good They are very comfortable and surprisingly light for a steel toe. The last pair of ST I bought were the same weight per boot as these for the pair. The footbed feels very nice as well. The upper around the ankle is a little stiff but they are new and only 6" boots instead of the typical 8" I buy. I havnt worn a 6" boots in I dont even know how many years so my ankles are very unused to the way they fit at the ankle. Overall I really enjoy the feel of them but I work 65+  hour work weeks and only time will tell me the durability. I usually get about a year out of a set of boots so if these make it that lo g then they are as durable as I have ever expected
B000XELF3O Decent work boot I ordered these boots because my last pair of Timberland work boots were very comfortable and durable.  I only gave these three stars because they are an average work boot.  The boots do not hurt my feet but they lack that extra padding which I prefer.  These boots are right for the price but I would'nt purchase these again.
B000XELF3O They're great! Totally recommend for anyone that a comfortable boot at a decent price. I work as a diesel mechanic for a heating oil company and these lasted me a year and a half which is pretty good in my opinion.
B000XELF3O Nice Boots! Kept  my ankles secure and I like the look and feel of the work boot. Good work boots for price.
B000XELF3O Great Work Boot What I love best about this pair of boots is the minimal discomfort during the break in period.  Good traction and comfortable to wear for long hours.
B000XELF3O Too Fragile for a true work boot! The leather is slightly thinner than expected and delicate for a work boot.  Breaks in to easy for a work boot due to the softness of the leather.  My guess is the tops will be due for replacement before the soles!
B000XELF3O The Only Boot I Will Ever Buy These boots are such nice boots, Timberland just got a customer for life after my first pair of these beasts! I personally am just a 17 year old guy who does more walking than most people. I attend a private school were switching classes every is a half-mile ordeal which occurs about 7x a day. After school I work as a cashier and do other various jobs at a clothing store standing the whole time. Not only do these work boots blow away other work boots I've had but they also beat all the sneakers I've had in the past. I've had almost every brand of sneaker mind you though my experience with work boots is pretty limited. In the past I've had Sears brand boots which sucked more than anything else. Don't want to turn this onto a review on them but they stunk like s*** and were being destroyed by the winter salts. Already got my dad a pair from work and plan on getting myself another pair, one to kick the hell out of and one to keep nice. I suggest if you are buying these go for the steel toe, I have not noticed the steel comfort wise nor temperature. Overall a great boot for the price!
B000XELF3O confortable work boot i have hadpkenty of work boots and these seem wekl worth it. priced on sale at 75 i had to buy.
B000XELF3O Great boots I have worn out several pairs of these at work over the years. They are very comfortable and easy to break in.
B000XELF3O Great work boots This is the second pair i've ordered for my husband.  They are affordable,and durable.  He's never found any boots that are as comfortable and that last as long as these.  He wears them for work as well as chores around the house.  They really are his favorite footwear!
B000XELF3O Great work shoe Awesome work shoe person bought for stands all day at work.  Nice cushion bottom very supportive.  Feel good for all day comfort
B000XELF3O great boot! I bought these boots for my husband who works in commercial roofing. The boots he has been buying have been cheaper and not at all comfortable because of going through pairs every couple months. But these have been great on his feet. They are super comfortable especially being on his feet all day. They even look nice with youroutfit if u don't wear them to work. The only thing he did that lessens the look a bit was he added toe guards to add life the boots. With his line of work the front of theboots are worn easily.. so hopefully the toe guards will help. But otherwise great boot, very comfy and would definitely buy again.
B000XELF3O GREAT WORKBOOT! Boots were a little stiff at first, but after wearing for about a week they broke in nicely. I work in very hazardous work area with extreme chemicals. These boots are now over a year & a half old and still going strong! Great workmanship & materials! I would definitely recommend these and may be buying another pair if this pair ever wears out.
B000XELF3O Great boots! Loved them. They look good and work even better! Definitely going to buy them again and recommend them to anyone looking for good, quality work boots.
B000XELF3O shoes for work Very stylish and looks durable.  My husband uses these for work and he said these are comfortable and easy to wear for more than 8 hours.
B000XELF3O Good work boot Timberland is a nice work boot. I own several. I prefer the wider sizes for comfort, as I am on my feet for many hours each day.
B000XELF3O Great work boots The boots got here before I expected them and they serve their purpose. They've stood up to all types of abuse that are common in my line of work.
B000XELF3O perfect work boot my boyfriend loves his work boots he wears them to work everyday. this was a perfect christmas gift it made him smile.
B000XELF3O Great boots So far a great work boot.  I work in water and concrete and my feet are still dry. Also a very comfortable boot.
B000XELF3O Best work boots I have had I have been wearing the Magnum Vipers and though they are a comfortable boot after break in they seemed to wear the toe leather out quickly and spread.  Saw the reviews for the Timberland Pro 6" and even though I am not required to wear steel toe boots at work I thought I would give them a try.  WOW!  The day I put them on it was like putting on a pair of slippers and now after 2 weeks of working them they feel even better.  I had none of the ankle pain that I normally get when breaking in new boots.  I wish they had eyelets all the way up instead of hooks but I can deal with that for such a comfortable boot.  I work in the aviation industry and we use Skydrol which is a very nasty hyd. fluid that will eat normal soles right up but it doesn't even faze these.  No slipping either!  I normally go through a pair of boots a year so we'll see if they make it.
B000XELF3O Best work boots I have found I used to wear these when I was a teenager doing landscaping.I now work in the construction industry and after trying several brands of steel toes I finally went back to the timberland pro series and I won't switch back.  These are by far the most comfortable boot for me.  Also they last a really long time and always keep my feet dry.
B000XELF3O Great work boots I am completely satisfied with these work boots. I bought them to wear for yard work at my suburban home and for trapsing around a 3-acre lot we're going to build on some day. They were comfortable from day one. They are very heavy - but after all, they are steel-toed work boots. I highly recommend these boots.
B000XELF3O Great work boots These boots are comfortable and tough.  I work assembly so I'm standing for a minimum of eight hours each work day, and quite often more.  I slot in some worker's gel insoles, and these boots give me no problems whatsoever.  No soreness, no chafing, no sweat.  I've had them a year now and the original laces are not so much as frayed.  Love these boots!
B000XELF3O Great Boot! I love these boots! It took me a couple long days of work to get them broke in, but they are great boots so far. I typically use them after work and around the house on weekends so I'm hoping they will last for many years considering I'm not wearing them all the time. I guess we'll see.
B000XETJU0 best work shoe I have purchased in a long time I was accustomed to buying magnum work shoes or wolverines.But I decided to trim a pair of the pro timberlands being the price seemed reasonable compared to the others.Much to my surprise they fit perfectly and was extremly comfortable.I am very please with my purchase and rate it a perfect 10/
B000XETJU0 Good boots I bought these boots for my son who does auto body work and detailing. He is hard on his work boots. He likes these boots but they lasted just under a year so I'm trying a special boot for mechanics next. If they don't work,  I'll probably come back to this boot
B000XETJU0 Good all around Work Boot This is my third pair.  A little stiff at first like any other good work boot.  Hold up well in harsh conditions.  Once broke in, a typical work week for for them/me is 5-12hr days.  And I  still feel like doing something after work.  Other than sitting on the couch.
B000XETJU0 Great Work Boot!!! Had my first pair for almost 9 months before one of our dogs was mad at us for going out of town for a week and chewed up one of the boots! So will order another pair. I am on my feet 8-10 hrs a day on bare concrete and these boots are the best! I would recommend putting in one of the work boot inserts from Shoules or one of the companies that make the inserts, really make the boot more comfortable for the longer days.
B000XETJU0 Good work boot. Good boot. I get a new pair once a year for work. Using a coupon they are less than $75. Company gives me a $75 boot budget yearly and these work great.
B000XETJU0 nice !!!!!!!!!!!! What you'd expect from a good work boot. Soft,Comfortable,& Sturdy all in one. I do lawn care for a living so I walk about 25-30 miles a day. I needed something to hold up and i found it.
B000XETJU0 Durable and Comfortable These are a great choice for just about any work you do. I bought them as a weekend work boot and they have not disappointed.
B000XETJU0 Great work boots Comfortable boot that can be worn all day and not hurt your feet. They are very high quality and work great
B000XETJU0 perfectly fit Very good work shoes not heavy will last long and not too much expensive, met my expectation I truly recommend
B000XETJU0 Work boots Would not think of wearing another boot regardless of cost! This is my 5th pair, the only problem I have is throwing away the old ones.
B000XETJU0 Great pair of boots 4th pair These boots are great, I work as a Park Director and encounter many different work locations during a shift. They keep my feet dry,happy and comfortable.
B000XETJU0 A great boot, nice fit, rugged and I anticpate it will hold up well for several years I work in the woods cutting and splitting my own firewood and wear the boots for this as well as other heavy work around my mountainous property.
B000XETJU0 Great boots... These boots are surprisingly comfortable, and very nice looking. I had purchased them for work, but they look so nice that I don't want to ruin them at work, and instead wear them for casual everyday boots. They do however say non slip sole, but they do get slick when walking on ice or wet surfaces. Fit very well, but had a slight defect, there was a crack in the lining hard plastic that attaches the boot to the sole.
B000XETJU0 Tough boots for tough work. Second pair, will buy again! I work them very hard & they take the abuse. They require some break in time, a few days to a week. Well worth it!
B000XETJU0 Good Work Boot I like these work boots.  I work in Masonry and concrete and they are holding up very well.  The only thing is that after some time, the sole started squeaking.  Kind of annoying, but I can deal with it.  Comfortable and durable, will probably buy again.
B000XETJU0 great comfort Extremely comfortable work boot. Feels just as good at the end of the day as when you put them on in the morning!
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pro Work Boots I am currently wearing a pair right now for work purposes.I like them enough that I got another pair.  Looking forwardto putting on this new one in the future.Slight breakin period needed.
B000XETJU0 Good work boots These seem to be fine, just need to be broken in a little. I am used to wearing the Power Fit Timberlands which are easy to wear right out of the box.
B000XETU1I Best work boots ever... I'm very happy with my purchase of these timberland work boots... Very hard to find in stores... I recommend these work boots for anybody who's on their feet all day long in the field... Very comfortable boots period! Timberland I tip my hat off to ya! Deuces
B000XETU1I Good work boot Fit correctly, true to my size. I work with stone and asphalt, so the wedge sole is perfect. No grooves for small stones to get stuck in and cleaning asphalt from the sole is a breeze.I would buy these again.
B000XETX7O Timberland work boots I got these boots for my husband who is extremely picky about work boots.  He is very pleased with them....finds them very comfortable, the size is true to size and they are cooler than he finds his sneakers to be.  He would definitely buy them again.
B000XEVJJO waste of time! worse work boots I ever tried in my life used for 1 week and have problems returned ! DO NOT BUY IT FOR CONSTRUCTION WORK
B000XEVJJO An atractive looking work boot that doesn't hold up. I have worn other Timberland boots and have found them a comfortable, durable boot... Mostly.  While these boots are comfortable, I don't think they're made for men in a real work environment.  When I went to tie my shoe not but 2 weeks after buying the shoe one of the eyelets tore right out.
B000XEVJJO Great Work Boots These are the second pair of this model/style I have and I'll be getting a third within 1-2 months.  My husband uses them at work every day-he rotates the pairs so they last about five years.  They are the most comfortable work boot ever!
B000XEVLF6 Comfortable Great work shoes. Not too heavy & so far great traction. They look good too. Not too wide and very comfortable for my 10 hr work days.
B000XEVLF6 Spent A Lot Of Time Looking For A Good Safety Toe Shoe After three months of wearing these three to four times per week (long work days 12 hours+) I'm still very happy with this purchase.  The shoes are comfortable for work, and they give a real feeling of protection and balance while still being light and movable.  I would definitely get another pair when these wear out which will happen (but I have no reason to think it will happen anytime soon).  You can keep the laces somewhat loose and they don't feel like they are going to slip off.  I sometimes end up wearing them for a while after work just doing regular stuff because they feel close to a regular pair of shoes.
B000XEVLF6 comfortable for work. I bought these for my dad. He wore the same pair at work for over year and needed a new pair.
B000XEVLF6 Great work shoes. These are a great work shoe. They lasted for a couple of years and then they started giving up the ghost. Very happy with they way they lasted. Best pair of work shoes I have ever owned.
B000XEVLF6 Destroyed after 4 months I work in an industrial setting. these shoes need replaced I have bought 40$ work boots that have lasted longer. I am completely disappointed in these shoes. I have been buying timberland work boots for a long time , And will never again.
B000XEVLF6 Great Work Shoes This pair of work shoes I like very much I even wear them off work they are very comfortable walking around in them
B000XEVLF6 Timberland work boot I bought this for my husband to replace his old work boots.He works in a warehouse so needs to be able to be agile and still safe.These were a great choice!
B000XEVLF6 They work the shoes work  well.  they keep my feet from getting damaged and they are  okay comfortable.  they aren't not amazing in their comfort but they work and don't totally kill you're feet.
B000XEVM50 So far so good. I was looking for a work shoe that would hold up over time and it seems I have found them.  It could be a but more comfortable though.  I had to buy some insoles.  I do work on solid concrete though.
B000XEVM50 THE MOST COMFORTABLE WORK SHOE YET! I bought these almost solely based on the review By Nick (Metairie, LA USA) and I did not regret. Quite the opposite , these are  the most comfortable work shoe I had so far. They look like they will last a long time. Ultra light, extremely comfortable. I work as commercial electrician and the sole on these is brilliant, when you climb the ladder you will appreciate how they almost "lock" in the position, so accidental slipping is nonexistent.So far (I have them for about 4 weeks), I found no flaw with these and recommend them highly to everyone who spend all day on his feet.
B000XEVM50 light weight and comfortable Bought this for my dad for his work.  This is his second pair since the work he does warn out shoes quickly.  Very light weight and comfortable and is cheaper than sears.Make sure Fedex doesn't deliver this since they lost the first paired I ordered.  Amazon was great in sending a replacement.
B000XEVM50 Work shoes This is my primary work shoe. I wear them every week day. The fit and quality are outstanding. Would purchase these shoes again.
B000XEVM50 Good work shoe This is my 2nd pair of this shoes of this brand. They make good work shoes and last me about 2 years. (I do use inserts with these)
B000XEVM50 Great Work Shoe Having worked 42 years in shipbuilding, I can say these are the most comfortable work shoes I've ever owned!They are so comfortable, I often forget to change back into my Reeboks before going home.
B000XEVM50 Great Buy!!!!! Very good work boot so far.  I'm on my feet at least 10 to 12 hours a day.  During this time I spend most of that time on concrete.  These boots are really light weight for a steel toe boot, and work really well for me.  I have only owned these boots for a couple of months now but I'm very happy about them.  I would recommend buying these boots if you are looking for something light weight that you are going to be doing a lot of walking in.  Great buy!!!
B000XEVM50 Good work shoe. They don't have descent work shoes for ladies out there. I bought these and that are very nice. They don't have a lot is cushioning but are still very comfortable anyway. I've worn them for two weeks and have no issues.
B000XEVM50 great work shoe! This are just simply awesome work shoes, I use them everyday and they never let me down 100% recommended! Go for them!
B000XEVM50 great shoes I have really enjoyed wearing these to work and everywhere else. Timberland makes some damn good work shoes that are really comfortable, durable, and light weight
B000XEVM50 great price work boots I bought these work boots last year December and wore them everyday since then and mines as finally ready to be tossed out. for the price i guess i cant complain i got them for 83 dollars last year and they seem to hold price around there. i like these shoes because they arent Hi-cut work boots and feel more like regular shoes.  Your better off tossing the insoles and getting some real good ones later on since mines wore out within the first 4 months and i started getting back aches with new soles i was golden.great all around work shoes
B000XEVM50 God's work shoe I must admit I was having trouble finding a pair of comfortable work shoes . Until I found a timberland pro mudsill. I ordered them put them on,the most comfortable durable shoes I've ever had. I have 2 other colleagues purchase the shoes. Keep up the good work timberland. these are truly god's work shoes.
B000XEVM50 VERY GOOD PRODUCT INDEED! I order those shoes for my everyday work on ships due to the nature of my work on open deck. They fit properly and very precisely my foot. The keep my feet all day long dry and i am feel very comfortable in with. Thank you for the swift supply and fast delivery from Amazon! Great work well done!
B000XEVM8W Toe area wiggle room This is my second pair. I wore the first pair just as casual comfortable shoes for a year. I am now wearing the year old pair to work and the new pair as casual off work. My goal was to have a comfortable shoe for work not as hot as the brand and style boots I have worn to work in the past. Wiggle room in the toe area is important to me as is water,oil, and slip resistance. I work in a boat marine shop environment as a technician. So far the shoes are working out fine.
B000XEVM8W Great Work Shoe! It works great for the type of work i do. Very happy and i'll be buying another pair as soon as these wear out!
B000XEVM8W Great alternative to boots These shoes are a great alternative to traditional "work boots". I started wearing them when I had problems with painful arches and lower back pain. My old work boots were too heavy, but these are great. I use the green Superfeet insoles and have not had any problems with my arches since.  I've been wearing them daily for 5 years now and only switch to insulated work boots on the coldest days. I don't expect these shoes to last forever like some other reviewers, what do you expect from something you wear on your feet every day? Good, durable shoes that support and protect your feet.
B000XEW60K Timberland Pro I am a big guys and walk 12 hrs a day at work and these are by far the most comfortable work boots I have ever owned.
B000XEW60K Work Shoes First pair of steel toes for a new job.  I bought these 4.5 months ago and I'm still happy with my decision.  I like the look, comfort, and function of these work shoes.  I don't just wear them in the shop, I wear them all day with little if any fatigue.
B000XEW60K Great work shoe. I have worn Timberland boots where I work for a long time, because of their comfort, so when it came time for my husband to purchase a new pair of work shoes, I, of course bought him these Timberlands. He really likes them, this is his second pair of this shoe. Timberland to me are the most comfortable shoe you can buy. So yes I will buy them again and again.
B000XEW60K Great These boots are great, I needed something for work that would protect my feet but also be comfortable. I need to take my boots off and on again a lot to enter peoples homes and the fact that these were slip on boots are what attracted me to them. These boots are great for work and look good while hanging out with friends after work.
B000XEW60K Great work shoes for driving and warehouse work These shoes are lightweight and a comfort to wear all day long. They also have a nice sole that grips multiple surfaces well.
B000XEW60K Great work shoes! I typically wear a size 8, but since these are slip-ons, and I order a new pair each year, I know that the 7-1/2 fit great.  Theses shoes take all of the strain off of my bad knee versus anyone's 6" or 8" boot-cuts.  BTW, I get new ones each year because o work in a factory and walk a concrete floor daily.  I wear the 1 year old shoes for home and casual use for another year, while I wear the new ones to work for a year.
B000XEX67M strong & very pros work boots, a little too hard after a day strong & very pros work boots with maximum protection levela little too hard after a day but safety firstArticle recommended for welding and metal cutting in heavy industry
B000XEX67M Timberland work shoes are no good for me. I work in a lot of metal turnings and it is just eating the soles off of these Timberland Pro Men's Met Guard 6" Steel Toe Work Boots.I've only been wearing them for 3 and 1/2 weeks and they're almost worn out already.I wouldn't recommend them for this kind of work,because they just don't last.Other work shoes I've used lasted 6 months or longer.
B000XEX67M enjoying work boot Love them. They fit good would buy them again.I do tell my friends at work about them so hope they buy them to
B000XEXA46 Good work boot My work requires steel toed shoes. I purchased this for that reason. Now I find myself wearing them everywhere. They're really comfortable and very durable. I've put these boots through a lot of hard use and they're still going strong!!..
B000XF04LM my choice for work shoes third pair. excellent work shoe, last about 1 year doing construction work. will continue to buy. very comfortable light weight even with the steel toe. I keep 2 pair and wear 1 out for casual dress.
B000XF04LM So Far, So Good Just purchased.  Great fit and very comfortable right out of the box.  I look forward to wearing these in a professional/industrial work environment.
B000XF04LM They work I have purchased these boots twice now and they are comfortable for about a year.  After a year you can get another 9 months out of them by putting new insoles in them, after that its time to replace them.  Bottom line for work boots that get worn from plant floors to conference rooms to airlines they work well.
B000XF04LM Best pair of work shoes I ever had I love my new work shoes. I'm breaking them in just nice. Thank you very much. I will be buying more in the future
B000XF04LM great work shoe! This pair of Timberland pro Titan work boots is the 3rd pair I've owned. They are the most comfortable andlightest work boots that I have ever experienced. Working 55 hrs. a week means a lot of "on my feet time"and these shoes are kind to my feet. Having been to 3 stores already and not finding my style or size, it was quick and easy ordering them through Amazon. I love it when something goes right.
B000XF04LM Great Shoe I bought them mainly because I work in an office and need them to walk through the plant. They look great and are light enough to wear full time so no more changing shoes when the need arrises to go into the plant. So it isn't necessary to have two pair of shoes at work any more. They fit me about as I expected and i have worn them everyday now for about two weeks without any issues like the normal things when wearing new shoes. That is no rubbing until broke in etc... Others here will be looking at buying these for work.
B000XF04LM Timberland Pro - Titan The most comfortable pair of work shoes I've owned!  Scratch that....the most comfortable pair of shoes I've owned!  Would certainly recommend them to my best friend....my wife...if she wore work shoes.  Actually I like them so much I just ordered a pair of Timberland Pro Titan 6" waterproof work boots for use in the winter.
B000XF04LM Great work shoes I use these for my work and find them comfortable and sturdy. My other work shoes now sit in the closet because I choose the timberland shoes over all the others.
B000XF04LM Quality? The real test is going back to work, seeing how they stand up against the conditions inside the facility that I work at, the comfort after standing on my feet for 8 hr., and the length of time they hold up in all these conditions. So far they are comfortable, lite weight, and exactly what I expected.
B000XF04LM great work shoes Have worn titan pros for five years ,Best wearing work shoe I have found for my job. Usually last me about a year and my job requires a lot of moving of cases andboards with my feet.
B000XF04LM Everything it was advertised to be Great boot, will be wearing it 50+ hours a week for work.  Only had them for a couple weeks so far.  Glue residue left on boots from production that was the reason for a 4/5
B000XF04LM best work shoe ever i am a contractor and i go through work boots/shoes every 3-6 months.  comfort is #1 for us and this shoes delivers.  timberland pro line is the best you can get for the $.  this is my third pair i purchased in past three years. i really hope they don&#8217;t stop making these. I might have to buy few to have in stock. i normally get wide size so if i ware thick socks or two i can fit into them.  To make any work boots or shoes last longer i normally put on &#34;KG'S boot guard&#34; at the toe area.  the first place any work boots gets ware away is at the toe in my experience.  especially if you do floor or roof work.  Once this is put on you are good to go until the shoe sole wares out. after that you have to get a new shoes.  you can also get the KG'S boot guard at amazon.
B000XF04LM work shoe Overall comfortable shoes for work purposes the only issue I have had with these shoes is after about 8 months the soles will crack making them useless in water. I have purchased 4 pairs of these for work over the last 3 years.
B000XF04LM great work shoe Excellent work shoes ! This is my third pair of Timberland Pros . Only complaint is that they seem to be a little snug for a W width.
B000XF04LM Quality work shoe These are great work shoes and I have been a loyal customer for the past 5+ years.  I work retail grocery and am on my feet for long periods of time.  They are comfortable right out of the box and I like the assurance of having the steel toe if something heavy falls on my foot.
B000XF4D1Y work shoes I bought these for work and was impressed. they are light weight and extremely comfortable. I work in a kitchen and I wish they had a little more traction but overall a really good pair of shoes.
B000XF4D1Y Best work boots!!! By far the most comfortable work boots I've ever worn. Have had rocky's ,wolverines,Merrill's. I work as an electrician and a lot of walking and up and down ladders. My feet are never sore or tired at the end of the day. So good I bout another pair in steel toe.
B000XF4D1Y Good work shoe My second day wearing, feel great on the concrete floors.  No break-in time, put them on and did my work.  No tried feet, or leg pains.  This Timberland product was worth the investment.  I am on my feet all work day and average 40 miles per work week.
B000XF4D1Y work shoe Awesome work shoe,very comfortable being on my feet all day as a remodeling contractor.I have wolverine dura shock work boots which are great,these are right there
B000XF4D1Y Good work shoe I've been wearing this model as my everyday farm and rough work shoe for several years now. This is either my third or fourth pair (can't remember for sure). They are comfortable and durable, and priced reasonably for the service they give. I had to order these on-line because my local TSC where I had been buying them quit carrying them for some reason.
B000XF4D1Y Work shoes These boots fit well when they arrived but they stretched out very quickly. This was very disappointing, that in less then a week they are very loose.
B000XR2GN4 Timberland work boots Ive worn these boot several times and they never disappoint comfortable all day long I will purchase again and again
B000XR2GN4 iNsAnE comfort Truly the most comfortable work boots and Ive tried them all! It has good ankle support and at the same time its very flexible for working on roofs and ladders. The sole grips well and is very durable. There is always a trade off though. If you get a boot that can last 5 years it WILL NOT be comfortable. If you work full time in this boot it will last a year or two depending on what your doing. To me it is WELL worth it even if i do have to replace them every year to year and a half. If it last ONLY one year thats 26 cents a day for amazing "on your feet all day" comfort in any work situation.
B000XR2GN4 cheap boot I purchase this boot for work around Oct to Nov of 2009. The work boots did not last no more than two months,  I have a small hole in the front of tip of the boot.  They are comfortable at the beginning of the month and that it. I work very hard in the field and this work boot did not live up to my standard at work.  I written and email to timberland about the shoe and they want me to return them back with the shoe box. I find that very funny, I don't think any person will have the shoe box we all just throw them in the recycling bin.  I would never ever consider buying timberland's work boot again, and stick with real work boots like Georgia, Red Wing.
B000XR2GN4 boots for work Work shoes are awesome love them comfortable have bought this boot before would buy again. Everyone should have a pair of these.
B000XR2GN4 Timberline Pro Titans This is the third pair I have owned, love them. Good fit and very comfortable. Great for farm work or everyday wear.
B000XR2W1U Comfortable So far, so good....they are very comfortable shoes. I have actually worn them other than just to work. I love them!!
B000XR2W1U Immediately Comfortable True to size...like other reviewers have stated, order your size and you will have plenty of room for thick socks.  No "breaking-in" period...On the first day, I was able to wear these boots at the construction site, for a full work day. There is great padding around the top so the boot does not "bite" into your shin.  Awesome!  Thanks Timberland for making a great work boot for women!  Thanks Amazon for quick service!
B000XR2W1U She said Great shoe for work She's been using them for work and loves them! Great for work, great product, great price! Will last for a year with the construction/quality of the work boot.
B000XR2W1U Nice work boots The boots were comfortable right out of the box and true to size.  I am very happy with them and would recommend the boot.  I opted for next day delivery and had them the very next day.  A very nice work boot.
B000XR2W1U Best Work Boot Ever I just bought these work boots and have been wearing them around. These are the most comfortable work shoes I've ever worn. They are very light weight and the fit is great, if and when I have to buy another pair of work boots it will be Timberland.
B000XR2W1U Comfy Work Boots.........FOUND!!! If ur work requires u to wear a composite toe safety boot, be good to your feet & BUY THESE!!!! I swear by them!!! These are made for a woman's foot & they are comfortable as well as effective in the workplace. I will never torture my feet again with any other work boot!! Better price that the official manufacture website.
B000XR30FM These BOOTS are made for workin" These are the Best ,most  gentle, softest great fitting work boots!  No break in time I would highly recommend , worth every penny you spend. Stands up to working outside. I do water proof them with mink oil. These  Are the work boots of the workin' woman'  Buy these if you are serious about being outside!
B000XR30FM Work boots Comfortable, well fitting, work boots that look nice with jeans.  Decent support and appear to be well made .  A good purchase.
B000XR30FM Great Work Boot I bought these for farm work and they are doing great. I added a support liner and I can wear these all day. They are not too heavy as I feared and are pretty handy when planting and sidestepping eager cattle.
B000XR30FM Best womens work boot I have problems standing in one spot for too long, but not so much in these boots.  I usually wear a size 7.5 to 8, with the 7.5 being on the snug side, but not in these.  I bought the 7.5 and wear with thick work socks.  These last a long time, I have worn them for 1 year,  and are very well made.  I had absolutely no break in time with these and love to wear them even when I am not working.  Highly recommed.  I feel that I have gotten my money worth with these.
B000XR30FM Good work boot The length is good but the height in the foot area is a little large for me, I have a thin foot.  I solved this by adding another insole on top of the one that came with the boot.  Very comfortable, leather is soft no breaking in is needed. Like wearing big slippers.  I have worn this boot for about a year now to work every day.  I am standing on a tile floor all day long, these boots keep my feet cushioned and protected, the non slip feature is still excellent.  They are scuffed up now but I do not care, the sole is showing some wear, but that is expected after a year of daily use.  These are excellent for any environment that you need a non slip feature for work or anywhere else.
B000XR30FM Great work boot I wore these boots all summer at work.  The fit just as expected and were comfortable from day one.  Cushioned inside and cool in summer, couldn't ask more from a work boot.
B000XR4IXA Great work boots! Pleasantly surprised after several uses. I've been a part of demolition work, asphalt crew, etc.. These boots have remained comfortable throughout the day. My feet only start hurting after several hours of work, but that's only from walking/standing around so much so that's a good sign. :D I like that I can wear thin socks because the cushioning inside the boots are well-done. Definitely high-quality.I agree w/ what one other reviewer said though: these boots are great for working, not standing... which makes sense because they'd want you to be ready to work constantly, whatever you're wearing these boots for.... so get hustlin!
B000XRBAAE good boot My favorite work book and I recommend them to my interns for outdoor work.  unusually good fit for a women's boot.
B000XXGMRO Stylish and sturdy Purchased these boots for my daughter's boyfriend and he loves them for wearing outside of work as his work boots are filthy all the time.  These are stylish.
B000XXGMRO good boots I bought these as a everyday boot for when i don't need all the safety features of my work boot. They look very good, are extremely comfortable and breathable.The soles are not of the same quality of my actual work boots however and walking around on concrete on these all day is not ideal. i've read about the sole failure as well, so that will be something to look out for.
B000XXGMRO Love Timberlands I have several pairs of Timberland boots and casual shoes in my closet and they're all extremely comfortable. I wear suits a lot for work so on weekends I like to be comfortable and Timberland gets the job done!
B000XXGMSS Best boot I've ever worn. These boots are about the only thing I wear 6 months of the year.  They are incredibly comfortable.  The lining is soft, and seems to wick sweat away better than regular boots.  I wear them to work (just office work) and about everywhere else.  I would consider them casual wear, as opposed to work or hiking wear.The upper is well put together, with stitching that holds up well, and even the laces are intact after 3 years.  The only downside is that the soles do wear out faster than the uppers.  I suppose this is a side effect of the recycled material, so I'll take it as a trade off.  I am going to try and resole them this year, but if that doesn't work out, I will definitely buy another pair.  These are too good to be without.
B001AW4BGG Great Work Boots This is my second pair of Timberland Pro Titan Hikers. They are rugged, good looking, and quite comfortable for steel-toed work boots. My only complaint is that the laces hooks at the top were too closed and fairly quickly wore-out the original laces. The replacements I bought are a little thinner, and that seems to have solved the problem.
B001B7FP8I Great Love these boots, own 2 pairs now, one for yard work and one to wear out and about. Nice and soft on the feet.
B001C4CIP8 Heavy but well made. These are a large heavy boot.  However they are well made, have the ladder lock system on the heal, and should work well for the outside work they were purchased for.
B001C4CIP8 Timderland Work Boots!  :-) :-D This was my first purchase threw Amazon's site, and I must say I'm very impressed; & will proceed to make more purchases! These work boots are the best!!
B001C4CIP8 great boots little breaking in required for these. fit right on. I these daily for work and to plow snow in a skid steer they work down to zero with boot sock and up to 60 with normal socks
B001EBJU82 Not for real workers Boots are comfortable after a week of wearing them.  But, boot degrades after 2 weeks of work use(irrigation systems). Sole of boot split and leaks water, black top cracks at toe knuckle flex point.  Not recommended unless you plan to wear very lightly. Expensive work boot that does not like work.
B001EBJU82 Not as tough as I thought they would be I have to agree with the review made by J. Bessette on November 24, 2011.It takes a week or two to get them comfortable (this could be normal in some new pair boots) but what REALLY KILLED IT for me was the degrading rate of the black top coating (Ever-Guard leather coat). After two-three weeks of use the Ever-Guard leather coat started to crack and a little over a month, the coat was completely gone from toe knuckle flex point.I work in places where my feet are often in contact with water and mud, I will NOT recommend these boots to any person that would have to work in the same work environment. These are expensive boots for light duty work loads.
B001EBJU82 medium duty work boot. Great out of box comfort and broke in feeling, I work on oil rigs in North Dakota, does not stand up to the harsh environment.The support in the soles  and around ankles is not good at all. I do not believe they are shanked and the waterproof liner failed with the first few weeks of wear. You definitely get what you pay for, to me it is a $70,$80 quality boot meant for light to medium duty work not abuse that comes with the trades or oil field, unless you drive truck.
B001EWFEOK A shoes to work An excellent shoes to go for work. I am an engineer and a use them every day. They are comfortable and light.
B001EWFF30 versatile boot Sturdy, comfortable, light weight.  I'm getting the same thing when mine wear out. I wear them for yard work and riding my motorcycle.
B001EWFF30 Great boits Boots are great fit and water proof..I would highly recommend this boot for work...I work UPS and they are very comfortable..
B001EWFF30 Great Boot With No Break-in Required I'm wearing my fourth set of these boots.  They are the most comfortable boots 'I've ever owned.  They're wearable right out of the box; no break-in required.  They're truly waterproof.  I wear them most every day.  We own a farm and the boots take a beating.  I alternate two pairs of the same boot with an occasional steel towed pair for more dangerous work.  I strongly recommend them for hiking and for work.
B001FXZU92 Top 5 comfortable look it up I did a lot of Research and these boots were in top-five comfortable work boots and I agree.  I walk 8 to 5 miles a day at work on concrete and metal grating deck these boots are good so far I've only hade them for a week but I like them. Look good n comfortable ask me n 6 months that will b the the test if I buy again.
B001FXZU92 Timberland PRO Men's 52562 Endurance 6" PR Work Boot,Brown, These are the most comfortable work boots that I have ever owned. Also do not need much time for break in, almost ready to work in right out of the box.
B001FXZU92 The best work boots, at a great price I have been working in an auto repair shop repairing cars, and a full day on the concrete floor was hard on my legs and feet. Sneakers or traditional work boots didn't do. Time to invest in real boots designed for this purpose.These Tims have an inner layer of what looks like anti-fatigue matting, which makes wearing these boots feel great. Steel toes for safety, and I waterproofed them myself with some SnoSeal. Ten hours in these boots is easy, and the soles are great for those occasional tranny fluid drips on the floor. I can't imagine better boots for work on concrete, and especially not for this price.
B001FXZU92 did'nt like This is the worst pair of work boots I've ever bought. The joint at the heel where the leather joins the rubber wore blisters on my heels by lunch and I to spend the rest of the day at work in pain.
B001FXZU92 Timberland PRO Men's 52562 Endurance 6" PR Work Boot Comfortable right out of the box,very tough work boot for a guy who is hard on boots.I like the rubber coating on the toe of the boots,great for flooring guys who are crawling around on the floor dragging your boot tips, the rubber protects the tips from wearing a hole in the boots.
B001FXZU92 nice boots Everything I could ask for in a work boot! Plus extremely comfortable! Shopped around in the past but from now on I stick with pro series.
B001FXZU92 Best work boot Before buying these boots my back would hurt, and my feet would hurt every day from the line of work i'm in (all phases construction). The anti fatigue soles really work and for the price that I paid, I should have bought two pairs. Overall great boot!!!!!!
B001FXZU92 Timberland Pro Work Boot This work boot met all my demands.  On any given day I can walk 12 to 20 miles around the construction site and these boots were comfortable from day one.  They stay cool and are easy to keep maintianed.  As a Large Project Superintendent it is not only important to be comfortable but safety is a number one concern for job site Personal Protection Equipment(PPE).  These work boots address all the hazards that can be encountered on a large construction site on a daily basis.  Timberland got it right with this work boot.  I have tried many others only to have them fail in one way or another.  Great Job Timberland!!!
B001FXZU92 Very comfortable work boot! I work on an offshore oil/gas production platform in the Gulf of Mexico and I'm on my feet 12+ hours a day. Needless to say, I need footwear that is not only comfortable, but tough too. These boots fit great right out of the box and needed a minimal break-in period, which I loved. They honestly felt like they had been worn for months the first time I put them on. Others have complained that they are too heavy and they were a bit on the warm side but I didn't have a problem with either and I work in very warm conditions. As for wear and tear, the jury is still out on that because I've only had them for a few weeks. If they start falling apart prematurely I will definitely adjust my rating!
B001GB379I work boots I bought these boots to replace a pair of old Kmart steel toed boots I had bought back in 1996. These do fit good. They will hurt your feet and ankles if you don't slowly break these in. I didn't have the chance to break them in good before using them at work. For the first two weekends at work my ankle was swollen just a little on one side. But these do help protect my feet as I'm work on a press line that makes frame parts for Volkswagen. I do like these. I give these 4 stars because they took so long to break in.
B001GB379I Needed for work... Glad to find!  The company store at my job stopped selling work boots and I needed something to support my feet!
B001L1DBQC Great boots. These are some heavy duty work boots. I've only had them a week and I already know that this is my brand.I'm a concrete construction worker in Minnesota and I work outside year round. In some pretty unforgiving winters I might add. These boots have kept my feet warm in negative climates on a consistent basis. The grip alone is simply amazing. You could probably get traction on glare ice. I've tried all the best brands of boots, and these are by far the most comfortable.The absolute best part is that I'm used to paying around $200 for a pair of good work boots. I found these for $120.
B001L1DBQC Timberland PRO Men's 52561 work boots Quality work boots. Good fit. Well worth the money. Would purchase again in a minute! Timberland now has  a loyal customer.
B001L1DBQC Great work boots Great work boots. Comfortable right out of the box. Will purchase again. This boot is the best value ever, my last ones lasted two years of everyday work use.
B001PBK87I Great work boots Even though it took forever and a day to finally get the product to my house for my husband to wear them for work. He does love these boots and I am hoping the next time I order from here I will get them in more of a timely manner.
B001PBK87I Not as much of a WORK boot as I expected Generally not as rugged? Hard? as I would like in a work boot. The soles are too thin for shovel work, i.e. if you step down hard it will hurt your arch. The heels and toes are not hard enough for kicking things (say a timber) into place.On the other hand they're comfortable all day
B001PBK87I nice comfortable sturdy boots work as advertised ,comfortable, sturdy nice work boot meets expectations good value still like my whites but good cheap work boot
B001SARJXC Nice I brought these boots to be a summer time go-to rain gear for work.  I think they are rugged enough to deal with NYC streets and yet stylish enough where they can be worn at work if you happen to be employed in a business casual setting.
B001SARJXC Great work/play boot I've been buying these boots for several years now and will continue to buy them for years to come. Very comfortable very stylish for work or going out. I travel a lot and these do get through metal detectors with no problem. My one complaint is I have been getting these boots for $100 plus shipping but this time they jumped to $125! At a hundred I would have given 5 stars. I will be looking for buying them next time If I can find them on sale. Great boot!
B001SARJXC Very comfortable and good-looking I have six pair of this boot from Timberland, and I wear them with everything from dressy-casual for work to jeans. They are very comfortable, and I've always been happy with their quality.
B00295RHNM Very durable and comfortable footwear. I work for the Washington Conservation Corps and needed a pair of work boots to hike around in the forests and do my job. I got these on sale, and used the discount you get for signing up for that shoes newsletter email, and only ended up spending like $80 I think. I've had them since April now and they are just so sturdy and impressive. Really nice waterproofing. Take good care of them with Sno Seal and they will last you.
B00295RHNM first time wearing womens work boots Ive been a Union Carpenter for 11 years. I have always worn mens work boots due to womens boots not being made tough enough.I guess I was right. Not even 2 weeks in the leather covering the steel toe was gone. if you get these boots you may want to purchase toe guards. I work 10 hours a day and at the end of the day I cant wait to get these boots off my feet. When I do take them off my feet are so sore I can barely stand to walk. I now have calloused toes and heels. I ordered a size 10 wide. I am usually a 9 med. There is no arch support and no room in the boot to change insoles. the one positive thing I can say is they have good soles. I usually wear Keen work boots but the soles aren't tough enough for climbing on rebar all day. Boots are the most important tool I have. If your feet hurt its all you can think about.These boots felt good out of the box. If you work 8 hours and are just on a job requiring steel toes to work in a warehouse they might be ok for that.
B00295RHV4 Great work boots This is my wife's second pair of this style Timberland boots, so she knew what to expect as far as fit and comfort were concerned. They arrived as promised, fit as expected and we will probably purchase again if this style is still around the next time she needs work boots.
B00295RHV4 Timberland Pro Womens Rigmaster work boot I work with horses. I do all the work at the farm. I have bought other work boots, but these hold up the best with my work. It's wonderful not to have your foot smashed when your handling a horse and he spooks at something. They are comfortable and supportive for all day wear and truly waterproof. I would recommend them for anyone.
B00295RHV4 Great!! Love these work boots!! Very comfortable and broke in in just days!! When it's time for another pair I will definitely go with these again!!
B0029XG3OS Great work boots This is the best timberland insulated boot in there line up.  The most comfortable also.  The should make all there boots with the same sole.  Well worth the money.  I do slot of walking on concrete, welding and mud work and the take a licking.
B0029XG3OS BEST WORK BOOTS EVER I HAVE BAUGHT MANY PAIRS OF THOSE SHOES. THEY LAST 2 YEARS OF HEAVY WORK. I AM A BUILDER. I HAVE NEVER WEAR A SHOE LIKE THIS. COMFORTABLE AND TOUGH.
B0029XG3OS Best Work Boot Ever 5 Stars Most comfortable and bad environment ready boot I've ever owned.  I've bought Wolverine boots for a long time and decided to give this Timberland PRO Men's 95567 Endurance Pr 8" Work boot a try.  Well I'm in love and throwing away the rear-view mirror.  Timberland just went to the head of the class in my book and trust me I've been wearing safety work boots for 35 years in the Power Plant Industry and I finally found a boot comfortable and tough enough to handle what I can do to a pair of boots.  Great job Timberland. I'm impressed!
B0029XG4MO Good, not great. I buy these for my husband who is a construction superintendent.  He goes through at least 3 pairs of boots a year.  The boots hold up well for the first 3 months but are not truly waterproof.  The toe cap seems to be one of the first areas to fail on every pair we've bought.  The support and comfort are great, which is why we keep buying them.  All in all, if you're looking for a good quality work boot without steel toes, this is a good pair.  They won't last long if you're using them in true "work" conditions, but your feet will thank you at the end of the day.
B0029XG5YG Surprisingly comfortable I got a pair of these for work, I do excavation, but I like them so much I ended up getting a second pair for everyday wear.  They are extremely comfortable for such a heavy duty boot.The 14" height is fairly uncommon but provides a lot of support and feels great.Feet feel good at the end of the day, no hurry to get them off as soon as possible after work like with most work boots.The wife says they look good on me too!
B002ASAJPG Best Work Boots by far This is my second set of Timberlands and the Endurance is even better than my last set. Work 8-10 hrs a day on concrete floors, feet never felt better.
B002ASAJPG Great boots! This is my 5th pair of timberland pro and as always they are worth the money. I wear them everyday for work with no problem, they are just made perfect for me.
B002ASAJPG Timberland pro Great work boots! My husband has found these boots and they are the only ones he buys for work now. He says that they make his feet feel better than any other work boot he has had in the past. The price on amazon was a little cheaper than we previously purchased them for at Sears.
B002ASAJPG Best work boots This is the most comfortable pair of work boots I have ever owned.  Even after a year and half they have still held up pretty well.  Also, the are completely waterproof and chemical proof.  Every day I work around corrosive chemicals. In the past, when I would accidentally spill some on my boots it would soak right through the leather but since I have bought these I haven't had any problems.
B002ASAJPG timberland use to buy shoes at local red wing, but prices and customer service at the store not worth the headache. Shoes fit and likethe prior pair I owned. They are a good shoe and work well for the outside work that I do.
B002ASAJPG Timberlands awesome Good work boots if you work outside. Waterproof, wouldn't buy anything that wasn't. Leather seems to hold up good. Very comfortable and I work in construction where most ground is uneven.
B002ASAJPG Timberland Pro 6" Work Boots---Luv 'em!!!!! These are my youngest son's first pair of work boots, for his first job.  He is on concrete all day long!  When he started his job, he only had a pair of casual lugs.  WHAT A DIFFERENCE!!!!  Even though they are heavier, the increased traction, ankle support, and the FANTASTIC/FABULOUS shock absorbing foot-bed makes for a tremendous improvement in workday foot comfort, and a huge reduction in end of day foot pain!!!!!  He luvs his Timberland Pro 6&#34; work boot, and would highly recommend this product.  (it is also waterproof for when the snow hits!!!)  An excellent product for a great price!
B002ASAJPG hello there are excellent I like them very much for work I little heavy but very cool work boots I wiil recomend them
B002ASAJPG Great boot, great fit right out of the box. I work construction here in Alaska, good foot ware is a must. We work 6 days a week 10 hour days, all year long. Bought the 8 inch pro helix this winter,  excellent boot, two other crew members bought them and love them. Just received the 6 inch endurance pro, again great boot.  My feet are a none issue, no problems, no complaints, can focus on the important things, like barbecuing king salmon and not tending to aching feet after another work day.
B002ASAKN2 Work boots Second time buying this work boot useally last me 6 month to a year . I will purchase the small boots next time around just love the fit and comfreat
B002ASAKN2 The Boot Usually wear a 11 1/2 feels like a 12. wide. The one thing I will say at 1st the boots feel heavy they are heavy. But in a few weeks you won't notice. I work 12 hr days. But this M1 Tank of Boots. I shopped and work with alot of guys wearing boots. This Boot tops em all. Not that were boot competing, but it's waterproof, Anti Nail, Durable and Rugged. I must say this Anti Fatigue must work. But when you first get em you'll notice their heavy and will tire you. It did me for at least 2 weeks. But now their all I Buy. they feel and protect great.
B002ASAKN2 Warehouse freezer worker. This will be my 4th pair of these boots. My only complaint is that they don't come in a composite toe because I work in the freezer section of a warehouse but other than that, I tend to work 60+ hours a week and I buy a pair of these boots every year. They are built to last and by far the most comfortable work boot I've ever owned. I walk on concrete all day 10+ hours a day and other than the fact my feet are cold, they are comfortable
B002ASAKN2 work boots These boots are wonderful.My husband thinks there great, they are one of the best pair of work boots that he has owned. He says they really are good for his feet.
B002ASAKN2 comfortable work boots I keep buying these boots over and over again I like them so much,Theres only one downfall they dont last longer than a year if that.The soles start coming off but my work buys them for me once a year so if you want a comfortable nice looking pair of boots for about a year these are for you but if your looking for longevity dont buy these.
B002ASAKN2 My default work boot. I'm writing this because I just ordered my third pair.  I don't need to break in these boots and theylast me around a year and a half with lots of walking at my job.  In my case I wear out the inside heels as the cloth inside becomes ripped and the soles get worn down smooth a little faster than boots with more tread. The only complaint I think anyone would have is that they are heavy but, they're work boots.
B002ASAKN2 work boots I really like the brand, fit and cost can't be beat. I wear them everyday for work so they have to be comfortable.
B002ASAKN2 Wearing em now! I have to ssay these are most comfortable boots I have worn for work! I even walked for 8 hours in NYC and had no problem as I've had with other shoes.
B002ASANG6 Timberland PRO work boots I bought these timberland pro boots mainly for work. One of the reason I bought them was because if the style and the anti fatigue sole. So far the boots are great but the sole is really hard so I have to put a cushion in sole for mire cushion.
B002NEGCC6 great it fits really well and goes with any looks,its a must buy and try ,it is slick and light to work with
B002NWZTM2 work shoes I have had Timberland boots in the past and loved them they wore well these are not as comfortable and required  a lot of breaking in time but overall ok now that I've worn them for awhile
B002QVGQQS Perfect work shoe. Husband had a previous pair of the same boots and they lasted a long time. Comfortable and great to wear to work.
B002YOMJPY Ready for work! Fit is good I brought them for work. I have wide feet there perfect great in rain. Only problem they won't stay tied. Great buy!.
B002YOMJPY Great work boot Fits as expected and great for being on your feet all day.  Would recommend as a work boot for people working outdoors all day.
B002YOMJPY Great work boots ! I found out years ago that with the right pair of insoles , hiking boots are twice as comfortable as work boots ! They are lighter and they can withstand the elements a lot better than work boots !For those people looking for a decent looking , comfortable , durable pair of work boots , the Timberland White Ledge Hiking Boots along with a $15 pair of insoles from Walmart or Target will work great ! The money that you save from buying the boots , $15 for insoles will not be missed !
B002YOMJPY Comfortable  for work I like it, are waterproof as it is said, i tried it. Comfortable especally if u work in construction. Done
B002YOMJPY Nice boot for the money I bought these boots for work as hiking boots tend to be more comfortable than work boots.  For an all leather $69 boot they arecomfortable, but there could be more cushioning on the sole.  Appear to be well made.  My normal size (9.5) fits well, but my foot isnarrow and these could be a tad small for those with wider feet.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable boot Great work boot. Sturdy design and waterproof up to the lower ankle. Really comfortable, and light weight for long days at work. This is my second pair of them, and will continue to buy.
B002YOMJPY what I expected they were exactly what I ordered in the exact size I was looking for. And for work boot they are comfortable and the comfort last for all day.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable work boot alternative I bought them for work. They look enouph like work boots to pass off for them. Extremely comfortable. Will buy them again.
B002YOMJPY work boots Comfortable, warm and fairly waterproof. Bought for work as a mechanic and black is great to hide the grease. Fits well  he's happy, so I'm happy.
B002YOMJPY Good pair of boots I really like these boots they are comfortable and durable. Size is right on. I am using them as daily shoes for work.
B002YOMJPY Work Boot These boots are nice and they fit as expected. They are nice quality and great for light-weight work boots. I would recommend this product.
B002YOMJPY Comfortable The boots are work great for me there not heavy. Very lite because the heavy work boots kill my knees because I work for Fedex as a loader and you have to do alot of moving or some walking
B0034G54BM Not Suitable for Motorcycle Riding I have been looking for a tall pair of motorcycle boots for some time and thought these were it.  I loved the lug sole but the balance of the boot did not work for me for the intended purpose.  Unfortunately, I returned them and now waiting for another pair that I'm hoping will work.
B0034XS4OY Good not Great It is a nice looking shoe, but the upper heel area is stiff and rubs so much that it caused blisters. I had to work the area hard with oil to soften it up so I could wear the shoes. I took a chance and wore the shoes right out of the box to work one day, and I walk a mile to work each way. I didn't go 400 yards before I was out of walking commission due to blisters. Now the shoes feel okay since I've oiled the heel area and kneaded it off and on for a few days.
B0039ZD3MK Timberland Pro Hiker Work Boot I am a Sanitation Worker. I must wear Work Boots all the time while on the Job. I do a lot of walking and these boots are excellent. They are very comfortable and durable. I would recommend these to anyone who is on there feet all day. Great Boot, Great Price. A+++++++++++++++++
B003A4V78C Good profesional work shoes Shoes are very nice and comfortable, i use them for work i work in a profesional environment and they look good with my slacks.
B003A4V78C Work pretty good  at 50 hours per week I've worn these shoes for close to 50 hours per week since I have gotten them and they still feel great.  I work in a commercial kitchen and have slipped only once while wearing them (due to fryer oil).  I did have to order a 1/2 size bigger than my Timberland steel toed work boots to get the perfect fit, but still worth the money.  Two tips for these shoes, if you live in a kitchen clean out the tread every few weeks as the pattern is tight and throw out the laces as they are too short and frayed to pieces within the first month.
B003A67X5G Really comfortable, great for work These boots are really comfortable, I walk around 6 hours in my job, and there is no signs of fatigue. Right on time too.
B003A67X5G Nice and goodlooking work shoes I like the looks of this work shoes because I can wear it on any day, it can be easily matched with any clothes, the only thing is, it is not very comfortable after wearing it for a while, it feels like I am wearing rubber boots
B003A67X5G light and stylish I bought these as a casual work shoe.  They compliment a pair of jeans nicely.  Ive been wearing them for a couple weeks now.  The toe-box is a little bigger than some other shoes I wear for the same purpose, making it much more comfortable for my whacked pinky toes.  They are light (not luggy), and dont fit incredible tight, but so far seem fine for a mainly-sitting work day, neighborhood strolling, and doing things not-too-physical.  They are now one of a few pairs of go-to shoes.  Dig it.
B003A67X5G best work boot it's a best shoes for the people who work's in the kitchen.and it is very good brand.and very comfortable.good price
B003A69RS2 Great work shoe for slippery surfaces Very comfortable. I'm  on my work shoes for 50 hours a week. Very happy with the fit and support. Impressive quality of the inserts.
B003ELQIW6 Stylish and Comfortable I bought these to replace an obsolete pair of Timberland boots I bought in 2001. These boots are very sturdy and comfortable, especially for hiking boots. The only flaw I've noticed is that they run a tad small in sizing. I wear a 10m in most boots, but I could've ordered a 10.5 in these and been better off. The soles are very well made and will withstand many miles---just as my old ones did. My feet get a bit warm while wearing these on warmer days, but changing to thinner socks helps that.I wear these to work and I work in an engineering office environment. They look good enough to wear with jeans or khakis. They look professional and work out great for the work that I do. They are easy to keep clean too.
B003HLI3B2 Great work shoes! Excellent work shoes. Wish I knew about these years ago. Could have avoided foot back & knee pain & still had some style!
B003HLI3B2 Great Ladies Safety Work Shoes These shoes have a brilliant grip ideal for the working environment with the additional strap to ensure a secure fit.They are soft and comfortable from the first wear; a highly recommended work shoe.
B003K31GDE Timberland PRO Men's Five Star Mond Work Boot,Black Timberland PRO Men's Five Star Mond Work Boot,Black, size thirteen medium. Made In The USA! I won't be buying another pair as I fell at work last august, going to try the SPYDER work boots next time around? Another down side would be cleaning the treads, not an easy task!!
B003NUQYC2 Work I work in a shop with coolant and the boots hold up to that. Tread is lasting which has always been my problem. Laces busted right away but it won't stop me from buying again.
B003NUR6CE good work boot This is a good work boot. It is a little heavy but comfortable and sturdy. The external metguard kept breaking the shoe laces on me so the internal was an option to prevent the laces from breaking.
B003NUR6CE An excellent find! These Timberland Pro Series work boots are not only rugged and sturdy, but they are true to size and attractively styled. No foot soreness or leg fatigue when worn all day at work. As a stationary building engineer, my job is very physically demanding. On any given day I might need to walk up and down between 5-30 flights of stairs for drills or electrical testing. I need a boot that can keep up as well as look good when meeting with tenants or property managers. This boot should be standard issue work gear!
B003NUR6CE Best bang (Boot ) for your $$$ This is the 2nd set of these boots that I have purchased and they are a work horse. The first set lasted me over a year and a half in a semi demanding work environment. These boots meet or exceed the strict Corporate safety requirements that the company I work for requires of the foot ware that we use. Such as electrical, heat, slip resistant and toe safety requirements.These boots last 3 times as long as the cheaper boots and my feet are not tired at the end of the day and they give excellent support and protection to your feet. I am now a believer that you will save money in the long run by investing in a better boot. Highly recommend Timberland`s line of work boots for the above stated reasons. Hope this helps you make your boot buying decision a little easier....Got these boots from Amazon and saved over 50 bucks over what the local boot shack wanted... Win-Win. Oh and by the way I even had several ladies complement my boots and wanted to know what kind they were so they could get their husbands a pair...
B003NUR6CE Great work boots Great boots my husbands loves them.. will buy them again happy customer  very light great easy to work in not heavy
B003VMXSJ4 Work shoe This is the perfect shoe for work on a farm as it keeps your feet dry, doesn't attract too much dirt and is easy to clean. It is also light weight and does not weaken your ankles in the same manner as boots.
B004H9381I work boots I always buy these work boots, they are very durable which is something I need in my line of work
B004J2HT6I Great!!!!!!!!!!! I bought them for my husband as work boots in the hopes he feet would really stay dry, well guess what they work and work well if anyone is looking for a nice work boot that is truly water proof this is one that really is what they say it is ;-)
B004K22QM4 Amazing Boots Bought these boots for work in commercial work.  They are very comfortable and are standing the test of time so far.
B004K26GMK Great Work Shoes I bought these for my husband for work.  He wanted something well made and more of a boot type of shoe.  This works perfect!  He said they are very comfortable.  He wears them 5 days a week and they still look new.
B004K6A758 Shoes for work I work most of the time standing, so I liked are flexible, soft and comfortable.They adapt very well to walk the leather is genuine and of good quality.
B004PNE720 Good work boot Took only about a day of constant non-work related wear to break in. Wore them at work and had no issues. Not going to test the strength of the toe purposely but I have faith I won't lose a toe is any hot slag got onto them. The quick release eyelets make it a whole lot easier to rip off if: 1. I did get anything on them. 2. My wife is nagging me to take my boots offAll in all one of one thumb up :)
B004PNE720 Ripped off!!!!! The seam ripped in three weeks, it said they were work boots, i sent them back, they only gave me 70 % of my money back! Work boots should last longer than 3 weeks!!!!!! I want my money back!!!!!
B004PNE720 Great Work Boot, Very Comfortable I work in a chemical plant and these boots have been great. At first I doubted my purchase, but after the first week (or it may have been just a couple days) they broke in a little and are very comfortable. You can't really tell that they are steel toes and are pretty lightweight with a lot of room for your toes.I haven't been in water too deep yet, but the water I have encountered has been kept out.When these wear out, then I'll be getting another pair. Definitely, like them and they are very comfortable.
B004PNE720 GOOD BOOTS!!!! They are very good work boots, feels like I am wearing tennis shoes all day.I can work more than 10 hours a day with this boot.
B004Q01HZM This handsome and rugged boot beautiful boots, very comfortable, stylish, wear it all the time at work or at a party, you see that are well made with good materials
B004QMZS0A work boots I love these work boots.  Yes, they can be hard to get on in the beginning, but once they loosen up they are fantastic.  They stand up to all the elements of New England.
B004RQ1GPG Comfy From Day 1 Great pair of work boots... I work in the auto repair field and these boots work perfect for around the shop with antifreeze and oil spots everywhere... No slip soles and the anti fatigue really work great!  Been working 3 weeks in these boots and they are holding up well and I am not dead tired at the end of the day!
B004RQ1JH6 Awesome These shoes were just what I was looking for. They fit great and are very stylish because they can be worn with multiple clothing patterns yet they are a work boot! Excellent shoes! The soles seem sturdy and are slip resistant, which was needed in my line of work.
B004RQ1JH6 Great work shoe Very easy to wear and constructed well,i will wear them every day for work also when i go out anywhere
B004RQ3GAE Great work boots These boots are very comfortable without even breaking them in, compared to my traditional steel toe boots. I work in a warehouse with a very stiff concrete floor and these have made my work day much more enjoyable.
B004ZD1A4S not the same quality as the pro line These boots are ok, but if you are looking for a sturdy high quality work boot buy the timberland pros instead.
B0052A7F2Y Great work shoe I bought these shoes for work.  Great fit, comfortable. I wear them all day and my feet are not tired
B0052A7F2Y Love,em Second time for purchasing these for work. Easy on and off! I stand on my feet at work and they are comfortable
B0054HM2UU Great work boots I work as independent contractor and am on my feet all day . Also I deal with all types of different landscaping . love these shoes.
B0054HM2UU Good Boot. I have had other Timberland Pro work boots in the past that have now been discontinued, so I'm looking for a new replacement for work. I live in my boots about 12 hours a day 6-7 days a week.These are still new to me but I like the way they fit and feel. It's hard to find a Soft Toe water proof boot these day's.If these boots hold up, this will be my new boot of choice from now on.My other Timberland Pro's lasted about a year or so, that's expected due to how hard on them I am.Even the Redwing's I bought only lasted a year. (Tread wear) I put a lot of walking miles on my boots each year. The Redwings might be under warranty, but I never liked the way they fit or felt.
B0054HM47Q Pretty nice work shoes I got these for work. I work with electronics and I'm vegetarian, so this was a win win.Vegan and ESD dissipative shoes? Good stuff.These are my first steel toes and though that's not really the feature I was looking for, I took a chance.It took me a little time to get used to the fact that my toes do not flex, but they are pretty comfy to wear all day.My orthotic inserts fit in them and the inner liner pops out easily if you want to use your own.Laces are a bit thin, so I expect they won't last long, but after wearing them a few weeks every day at work, I'm liking them.
B0056QVSQ8 my work shoes! very cute.  comfortable and fits well.  do not slip around in these.  work 12 hr shifts and feet and legs not tired.
B005BWB2QI Great Value! Comfortable, no break-in needed. Recommend them for work or play. Makes me wish I had a boat! Love them! Thanks!
B005FI1VE6 Great shoes My daughter loves the shoes. They work great for school.They work perfectly out in the warm weather we have.
B005I6RZXG Best work shoes! I work in the restaurant industry.  These are the most comfortable and stylish shoes for my work!  Great work shoe!
B005I6RZXG best shoes ever this is my 4th pair of pro Renova shoes.  It is all I wear for work  and even  convienced my coworker to buy some too she loves them as well.  I work in a dialyasis clinic where there is always water on the floor and these are slip restiitant , comfortable and stylish.  When people look at tghem they think they are Dansko brand  tell them nope Timberland.  I work 12 to 14 hour days mostly walking by feet are happy in theese shoes never tired.  I will continue to buy them as long as they are produced.
B005I6RZXG I will buy no other work shoe ever again I'm a respiratory therapist.  I work 12hr shifts in a major medical center and I'm all over the facility on my feet for the majority of my shifts.  Plus I have flat feet and bad knees.  I put an arch support in these shoes and they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn to work. They already feel &#34;broken in&#34; and cushy so you can wear them out of the box and straight to work.  YES they are squeaky on some floor surfaces, but I'd rather have the docs, nurses, and patients hear me arriving to a code in comfort, rather than arriving quietly in pain!  If you are a heel dragger, the soles will scuff the floor, so just be mindful of having a proper walking gait. I am already contemplating getting another pair of the Timberland PRO Renova Professional work shoes.
B005I6RZXG Just what I needed! I work in nursing.  On my feet all day, up and down the hallways.  I have issues with my feet, as well.  Regular sneakers are no good.  I had purchased a pair of these in white, from a local shoe store.  I wanted a pair of black ones, as well.  The moment I put these on my feet I knew they would work for me.  So, I went to Amazon to find a pair of black ones.  I found these on the site and like the pattern on them.  So I ordered them.  I really like them.  Very comfortable; easy on and off; easy to keep clean; look very nice (for work and outside of work).  Very good shoes by Timberland; as usual!
B005I6RZXG Great Shoe for work! Awesome and comfortable.  I walk a lot at work and these shoes deliver.  No breaking in or blisters.  I would buy them again!
B005I6YJW6 Alright I have a large foot being six foot and 300 pounds my feet are important to me as I work in construction they could have been a little wider didn't wear them for very long because of the size issue but this is a good overall work or fishing shoe
B005I6Z4JI Great work Boot I'm a lineman for tel company I've had a lot of work boots but these are the best feeling ones I've had hope they will keep feet dry other brand of waterproof boots seem to leak after 6 or 8 months on the job great boot so far I ware them even when off work they feel so good
B005I6Z4JI Great boot. I got exactly what I expected, an excellent work boot at a very affordable price.  Love the support, protection and all-day comfort right out of the box.  Plenty of room at the toes.  Very well built, rugged construction.I own a previous pair of Timberland Pro's that are very similar to these (look, composite toe, 8&#34; height, sole, construction) but they are no longer offered.  I have put them through hell (on my working ranch) wearing them in every-other-day rotation.  They are well over two years old and still going strong and very comfortable.  I recently replaced the insoles, which I should do more often in boots as it really makes them feel like new.On both pairs of boots I did modify the fit and comfort just slightly.  I put a cheap double-thick, no arch, flat insole under the existing insole.  Took up just a bit of space and provided even more cushion.  It tightened up the fit on my foot just slightly, which for me was perfect.  YMMV.My ranch work includes long stints on concrete in my work-shed, and plenty of mud, muck, and manure in my fields.  I never miss a step in these boots no matter the specific environment.Great boots at a great price.
B005I6ZCYU Timberline Comp work boot These shoes were a give.  It is hard to find a size 15 that fits and is comfortable.  These shoes are great.  Was able to wear them all day without any problems.  Very comfortable and lightweight. Excellent for work with a composite toe!
B005I6ZCYU Great work shoes These are the best work shoes for my husband. The fit and comfort is good. Your service it great  So glad these were Prime and received in 2 days.
B006T2YLPS Tennis shoe for work I work maintenance at a grain bin facility in Illinois. I put my work boots through probably some of the nastiest/harsh conditions. I have had the timberland helix six inch since my last occupation as a fabricator 8 months ago till now. This means my boots have been through metal shrapnel, and hot conditions to two foot deep piles of rotten beans,corn, and wheat. They fell like they did when I first bought them. I have terrible feet and knee problems from countless years of skateboarding and track as a teenager. These boots do the trick, the anti fatigue keeps my feet and legs out of pain during grueling 84 hour weeks. I recently bout the Wellington pull ons for the height (due to the nasty things I am submerged in on a daily basis). And sure they will hold up the same. These boots look and feel great. And have the comfortability of a tennis shoe and the performance of a high quality work boot. These are a great buy!
B006T2Z940 TimPro I love these Tims!!! They are my new favorites for work. I rotate and wear a different pair everyday to keep my feet fresh. They actually look to good to wear to work.
B006T2Z940 Timberland work boots I put them on the first time they felt like I had been wearing them for weeks I would defiantly recommend them to any one very comfortable
B006T307QE Top Of The Line Great work boot.All around comfort from the time you take it out of the box. Easy to put on and off. Best work boot ever.
B006T307QE Great work boots Great work boots. very comfortable and light. break in period only took one day of walking around the house. boots are really water proof and not just splash proof.
B006T307QE Great work boots! Really comfortable. These are work boots, not hanging around the mall boots. They are a little stiff at first, but that is to expected. I've had them for over a month working on a dock for 9+ hrs a day. Seem to hold up well.
B006T307QE Top of the Line The most comfortable work boot I've ever bought. And I am on my feet on the average 13 to 14 hours a day, six days a week.  It is loaded with all the safety features I need in a boot that is a lot lighter than it appears.  It seems to wrap itself around my foot.  You can't beat the price.  I've purchased many Timberline work boots over the years and while they've always been more than satisfactory, the Pro XL ST stands out from all of them.  John R Walters
B006T307QE They work great I work construction and do a lot of walking, so far they are holding up great. Just hope they will last for 3 years like my last Timberland PRO's.
B006T307QE Great boots! The only work boots will use. I work in an incredibly harsh environment on a active leach stockpile for a copper mine. Lots of mud,Lots of acid, Lots of low PH solution. These boots hold up well and i can usually get 6 months out of a pair. Cheap pair of boots from walmart wont last a week out where I work.If you work in a slightly more tame environment you will see a considerably longer lifespan!There is not a pair of boots out there that fits better for me and is more comfortable. More comfortable than most of my tennis shoes. Ill probably get some non steel toed timberlands to wear around town as Ive fallen in love with the support and comfort they offer.
B006T307QE Great product..... I have not had an opportunity to where these boots to work. However I have tried them on and they feel great. I love the fact that they are blue, and when I return to work. My Co workers are going to be wondering where I got them from.
B006T307QE timberland pro xl st work boot awesome! the best work shoes i ever had. i work in a food manufacturing plant on tile and concrete floors,often times the floors are wet. these shoes have provided me with the safest non slip soles i ever wore. i worked in the plant  11 years. feel less fitigue all over.very comfortable and supportive.will buy again.f
B006T307QE Timberland Pro Work Boots This boot is somewhat a little more hot than expected.. I work in a paper mill and while wearing this boot it is extremely hot. It would be much better if it were not so insulated. Seems like it is made to wear in the snow.. It also has a high arch and cause me some issues with calf soreness as it changed the way my walking occurred. Not as good as descripted on the web site.I will most likely not buy again.
B006T307QE Love the boots. Great work boot. Would have given the boots 5 stars but it took about 3 or 4 work days of wearing them to break them in so I had to knock a star off.
B006T30U8E Great boots! Boots fit comfortably - no break in time needed. They are well made. The soles work well for indoor and outdoor work.
B006T32HGC Boots Great Work Boots. Boots fit to size. Boots have great support, and are perfect height for outside work. Highly recommend.
B006T32HGC Great Boot My second pair. I go through a pair of boots a year. No matter what brand I buy. These are the most comfortable ,and light work/hiking boot I have found. I work in the concrete contracting field. They stay water proof for about 9 months of wear and tear. I'm pretty ruff on boots. I will keep buying them til they stop selling them.
B006T32HGC Terrible to work with on a construction site The shoe alone is just too big to work with. I wanted to like it but I ended up sending right back with their 30 day comfort guarantee. Its worth a shot to see if you like them, but for me personally I like something less heavy for a 15 hour work day.
B006T32HGC timberland pro hyperion waterproof  work boots these are very comfortable .I also have  Plantar Fasciitis. so shoes or boots that are comfortable are few and far between . I work 10 plus hours a day on concrete floors  so I know  these are by far are the best work boots I have ever purchased
B006T32HSK Super Satisfied I bought these for work and couldn't be happier! They are super comfortable, durable, and all together just great. I usually buy my work boots at local shops but I am glad I decided to try these out as they are the best boot I have had in 8 years!
B006T32HSK Bestboots I have owned in awhile. My last pair of work boots were also Timberland, but I had bought them a half size to small and by the end of the day they hurt like all get out. These are the bomb even if they are a little heavy. I am always glad to get them off after work, but they do the job for me and with the right boot socks I can work in them all day. I needed the waterproof function,  but also got safety toe since my company would reimburse me up to $100.00 for that feature...so they were a deal for me @ only $44.00 dollars.  I am very pleased with the product.
B006T32HSK Most comfortable work boots i've ever had! These boots feel like slippers they are really comfortable! I work in a salt mine and the ground is very rough and uneven and these things are great!
B006T32HSK Great work boots I perform a lot of work in various work environments, being demo, framing, tiling, drywall, etc.  Firstly they are the most comfortable boot that has ever graced my feet, and they feel &#34;broken in&#34; right from the door.  And just to make sure you understand, they are comfortable all day; meaning, if you don't wear them on a job site you will wish you had (lest you doing trim or other light duty work) and at the end of the day, if you don't have some slip-ons to drive home in you'll wish you did, but it's not the end of the world. I've had different brands of boots before, but I will buy these every time.
B006T32TKG Timberland Work boots never Disappoint These were purchased as a gift at Christmas.  He loved them.  He wears his Timberland work boots with pride.  They are comfortable and sturdy.  Timberland always offers free shoelace replacement on work boots too as a bonus.
B006T32TKG I found the right work boots I do a lot of walking at work.... I work in a ship yard and these boots make my job a lot easier.
B006ZGV9LM Great quality, runs short I absolutely loved the quality of the leather.  I had honestly never considered Timberland's before.  The heel is a bit high (in all fairness, it does give that info and I just didn't realize) and the fit runs short.  I am typically a 9 and it was a little uncomfortable.  Unfortunately, they are going back both because of the size and I don&#8217;t think that they will work for the office.  Great for weekend though...I wanted a boot that would work for casual and work though.
B0070SHSGE Good work shoes While these are not the sexiest shoes I own, they are definitely the most comfortable. I work security and I am standing and walking around most of the shift and these are very comfortable. I have had them now for close I a year and they have held up great.
B0072NQIZ4 Beautiful and Comfy The shoes arrived on time and was so excited to try them on. They were tighter than I expected but didn't want to order half size bigger because I knew they would stretch. I walked around the house for a couple hours with socks on wearing the shoes. Next day at work, they stretched out more and more. By the third day at work, they have stretched adequately. I can now walk at work without paying attention to the pain in my feet and can concentrate on the work. I work for an airline at a Hub. I get lots of compliments from other agents on the patent leather shoes! Highly recommend ordering wide as most people don't have skinny feet or do have bunions.
B007782V1O Did not work for me This looked like a useful style boot: sturdy, medium height, laced so that it should be easy to get into and fit to my leg, but it did not work for me.  It was too small overall and was very hard to get my foot into it.  So I returned it.
B007784JI2 Timberland Very comfortable boots. Wear them everyday for work. Highly recommend for work or hiking. Extremely happy with this purchaseI will always buy timberland
B007784JI2 A great work boot. I waited a while before I reviewed these boots. I wanted to work them in somewhat at work. They are great boots. Comfortable, water proof, and can take a beating. If you stand a lot at work these boots are a must have.Enjoy.
B007EFDTSY Great Work Boot! The Timberline Pro needed only a little break in. I work on concrete 12 hrs a day. After work my feet feel fine. They are waterproof and oil resistant and that works well for my job. The zipper on the side makes it easy for quick on and off usage. I would highly recommend the Timberline Pro as a daily work boot.
B007EFDTSY Great Great shoe ...nice design... I like it... Warm, great for duty work... I recommend .... This work shoes are awesome
B00828VKFQ Great work shoe Wife bought these and has worn them to work for many years. She is on her feet 8 hours a day at work and these are comfortable and wear really well. Break in is minimal. Great for being slip resistance.
B008VPU0GK Great looking boot, light enough to wear to work. I purchased these boots mainly to wear to work during the winter but they are so light and comfortable that I can wear them through the fall and winter.
B0091225MO Timberland Pro Valor Bought these for a friend. Who fell in love with the shoes the minute she put them on.I was not a bit surprised by her reaction. All I wear is Timberland Pro work boots.They are to me the most comfortable work shoes you can wear.I have to stand on concrete floors like my friend which can take a beating on your  feet. Timberland Pros hold up where others have failed
B0091225MO Great lightweight shoes for work My husband is on his feet all day and was thrilled with these lightweight summer work shoes.  He wears Timberlands all year, style dependent on  the season.
B0091225MO Great Pair of Work Sneakers! I have bad feet, so it is hard for me to find a pair of shoes that are comfortable and will perform well at work. These are the best shoes I ever purchased. Very comfortable and supportive insole. I did have to use my gels insoles which was a pleasant surprise. Lightweight with anti skid outer sole is a big plus too. Only minor gripe is I wish they were waterproof. Will buy again for sure.
B0091225MO work shoes work great work shoes are hard to get because everyone wants to know how comfortable and light and if they are going to be like the worn out pair they have now. well they are as comfy as they say and they are very non slip they are light and come in wide sizes... this is my 2nd pair and i'm going to be ordering 2 more soon..
B0091HKWHY Great work boot. Most comfortable out of the box work boot I have ever bought. Would definitely get another pair. Highly recommend these boots.
B0091HLQEC comfy work shoes!!! Love these shoes. I got them for work and there was no breaking in period. I would defiantly buy them again.
B0091QISZS Comfort and Style I work in a casual office but I have to be presentable for client meetings, etc.  This shoe fits the bill perfectly. It's comfortable right out of the box. I purchased the brown first and loved them so much I got the black.They are now my favorite work shoes.
B0098X61EO Great for work! Very stylish. I got compliments at work. I do a lot of walking at work. It is very comfortable. Good quality. I would purchase it again.
B009PNJW5C The best boot They are really comfortable they dont bother me one bit. They are great for construction work and going out. They don't stain
B00AW7M97S Best Boots Ever! These boots are the most comfortable boots I've ever had.  I was afraid they would be too small bc of the mixed reviews about sizing but I usually wear an 8 and the 8 was perfect.  I have a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable enough for me to work in ( and I work at a shoe store) but I have worn them to work several times and had no problems.  I also like how the leather doesn't seem to scuff easily.  My only complaint is that when the box arrived it was already opened, as if someone had cut the tape to open it.  I literally didn't have to cut it open at all.  Luckily I love my purchase and it arrived in perfect condition.
B00AZPO90W Nice Boot These are great boots and have a heavy sole for work or the office.  I would recommend sizing 1/2 down.
B00AZPPEQ0 Great Work Boot!! Wear this boot every day for work and i love it.  Very comfortable and stays dry while walking through snow and ice all day.
B00AZPQV6C The Dress Boot meets the Work Boot I where these everywhere: to work, school, a night out or craft work at the house. They got the looks of a nice dress shoe but also a quality and durable exterrior and rugged tread for more practical use. Sure I wouldn't go hiking or pour concrete with them but for everything else you really cant beat these. One complaint though is the fit is just a bit tight on the toes and loose on the ankles but once broken in not a big complaint as they are comfy.
B00B0DPJX4 Love these work shoes! This is my third pair of these work shoes; I'm glad they make them in both black and brown.  I will keep a pair of each.
B00B7FHBHM A well made boot as you would expect These are some rugged work boots. They are heavier than normal work boots but that adds to the quality in my opinon.  They have not leaked and I've been in water over my ankles with them.
B00B7FHH3U Boot Got these for work. Great work boots but find myself wearing them for cold weather motorcycle ride more.  Very well made boot.
B00B7H57J4 Easy On/ Off Work boots!! These are Comfortable work boots. Easy on and off with the side-zipper . Takes no time to break them in. Perfect fit. Now we see how long they last!
B00B7H74CC Who knew a work shoe could be hot? Very comfy fit.  I got the wide width to make sure my toes wouldn't be cramped.  I work 12 hour shifts and my feet feel as good as any could after a long shift of walking and standing.  I get compliments every day on this pair and my red and black trim pair.  Only flaw is that they do scuff fairly easily, but even scuffed they still look better than most work shoes.  You won't be disappointed with this buy.
B00B822FHK Good shoes These arrived at work today and as they are for work I have been wearing around the office for the last few hours and they already feel broken in! Very good cushioning and they look great. My first Timberlands but not my last for sure :)
B00B9PADWA Work boots They fit perfect. Was a little worried about buying boots online Only bad thing was that I liked the too much to wear the to work so i bought a different pair of boots for work
B00B9PADZM Great Work Boots... I am a UPS driver and for us drivers comfort is paramount, these boots look great and are super comfortable. I have recommended them to some of the guys at work and I will be stocking up with 2-3 more pairs. Also these are true to size.
B00B9PM56C Gift Bought them as a replacement for husbands old heavy outside working boots.  Since putting them on he has raved about comfort, lightness of weight and non-slip of foot from inside even with laces untied.  He has also informed me they will not be replacing his work boots but he will be wearing them casual or going to work places where they won't get scuffed or dirty.  Oh well as long as he loves them. Thanks.
B00B9PM56C great boots Very comfortable boot will work good for me in the winter exactly what I wanted. Soft in the inside and very sturdy not heavy.
B00BCJWVSM Perfect Work shoes These are the most comfortable work shoes I have ever owned the leather looks exactly as pictured and I am very happy with the fit and this order thanks for the fast shipping
B00BCJXLHW Nice work boot I ordered the wide and they are plenty wide, almost a bit too much.  But since they are winter work boots, heavier socks are usually worn so they are good.  Comfortable and durable, like a work boot should be.
B00C9RZ624 Great work boots! I got these boots at a second hand store for like 10 bucks. I use these for work, and have been for two years! Very comfortable. Weed-eating, construction, everything, very comfy! They seem water proof as long as your not standing in a puddle. I was surprised when I looked these up to find them under hiking boots!
B00E41UQBE Great Always wanted some timberlands and these shoes are really comfortable to wear and are very useful in my line of work.
B00EHHKWMS great work shoes I found timberland maybe one or two years ago now it is my favorite work shoe. I have received may compliments on the colors and style. I'm looking forward to see what timberland will do next.
B00GNZFWA4 Fantastic work boots. Would recommend these. I bought these boots for work, I work at the home depot as a lot associate. I spend 6-8 hours a day on the concrete/asphalt walking back and forth pushing in carts, loading, etc.. and these boots are very comfy on my feet. I actually prefer to wear these boots over my asics tennis shoes because the bottoms are more cushioned. The only complaint i have with these boots is when i first got them they were pretty stiff took about 3-4 days to get them broke in. They also have a little weight to them so if you are looking for a light-weight boot these are not the best choice. The vibram soles are great although mine are already starting to wear down after about 3 months, but I expected that because the majority of my day is spent walking of asphalt. All in all these are awesome boots, very comfy also water proof. I love these boots and will defiantly buy more when my pair is worn out. Would defiantly recommend these if you are looking for a great pair of work boots.
