B00009WM7J Repeat Customer There's definitely something to be said for still being able to buy kids sizes as an adult. There's also something to be said about the pair these are replacing being 11 years old. The originals outlasted many people's cars, lets hope these can do the same!
B00009WM7J Timberland Boots My daughter has wanted a pair of these for years!  I finally broke down & agreed so began my task of finding a pair for less than $100.  She wears a ladies 6 1/2 so I ordered a 5 in big kids, it's perfect!
B00009WMIH Another great pair of Timberland hiking boots I read reviews of these before buying this pair - I have bought two pairs of Timberland boots before, one pair thats literally lasted app. 20 years with a lot of use, and another pair that only lasted two years. I received these in yesterday, and will update the review if they don't break in well or last. So far my impressions are - 1. Accurate to size, 13w, I wear New Balance / Nike wide tennis shoes as additional reference 2. Comfortable, but not cushiony if you know what I mean, I wore them all day yesterday without blisters or sore spots 3. I was expecting non insulated boots, which I got, but these are still warm to hot - gussetted tongue and no ventilation means these are not a boot I am looking forward to wearing on a construction site in the middle of a Texas summer. I have received in what I expected, and given Timberlands reputation and my exp I'm giving it 5 stars pending further experience with this pair of boots.
B0000AT8CK consistent buyer I have been purchasing these boots since college (20+years). I have had four pair. they each last about 5 years. they are worn and mostly waterproof (you really have to be submerged to get feet wet). Best boots for slogging around outside in all kinds of weather, even ice.
B0000AT8CK Great Boot! I bought a pair of these four years ago in Korea.  They've been amazingly comfortable since day one.  I bought a motorcycle 3 years ago and these became my riding boots, so they get worn a LOT.  After 4 years of constant wear the soles are wearing out (as would be expected of any shoe worn half that long) and the top padding is separating, but it is still amazingly comfortable.  I would recommend these to anyone, they are well worth the price if you're in need of a comfortable, durable, long-lasting boot.  I only wish I could get them for the price I paid in Korea...
B0000DFAXV Always the best I've been a Timberland customer for years. They never deceive. Shoes last up to five-six years. The design is beautiful, love them!
B0000DFAXV Timberland women's boot Have worn this style of boot for years.  It is not made as well as it was many years ago but I am very satisfied with it.  I purchased size 8W and was very happy with the fit.  Good choice!
B0000DFAXV Happy with my Timberland I got my first pair of Timberlands when I was 16yrs old.  I wore them almost everyday  Now 22 years later I was forced to get rid of them.  So, I got this pair to replace them.  At first they were a bit tight but after wearing them everyday they fit perfect.  I hope this pair last at least another 15 years
B0007T4IGG Great boots Ive bought timberland boots every 2 years or so for the past 16 years.  They alst a long time, and fit great.  These are no different.
B0007T64VI Timberland womens euro hiker leather ankle boot I was disappointed in these boots as they have much more room in them than my pair I've worn for 25 years.  The toe of the boot looks more long and narrow.  Liked my old pair.  I'm ordering a shorter pair in hopes they will fit better.  Like others comments, I miss the gusseted tongue.  The gusset prevents dirt, etc., from coming inside the boot.  These boots appear to be made with much better materials than some I've seen of the same style from other companies.  Time will tell.  We all are getting tired of poor materials and workmanship.
B0007T64VI Just ordered my third pair (I have been loyal to this model since 1990) The first time I bought this pair of boots, I was sixteen years old.  They were cushioned and comfortable from the moment I tried them on in the store, and they held up to heavy use.  I wore them for ten or twelve years, through college and graduate school as a field biologist and outdoor enthusiast.  I spent a few of those years in Oregon, where I wore these almost every day during the nine month rainy season.  (I use clear wax on the leather uppers periodically to keep them waterproof and to hide the scuffs).  By the time I needed a new pair, the Internet existed and I was able to find and order a replacement.  I have been wearing that second pair for at least another twelve years, and they are ready to be retired (there is no traction left on the soles, and one sole has finally come loose from the boot).  I can't express how happy I am to find this model available here.  My actual size is 9.5W, but I wear moderately thick socks with hiking boots, and I have found that the 10M in this model is perfect for me.  (If you are looking for hiking socks, by the way, try a pair of Thorlos!)
B0007T64VI Terrific hiking boot! This is my third pair of these hiking boots in 20 years (I'm still wearing my second pair but found this pair at half price so I snagged them). LOVE the fit, the rugged durability, and the fact that they are WATERPROOF. Use them as snow boots until the snow gets too deep for the height of the boot. After I found this style of Timberland hiking boots 20 years ago, I never looked at another brand/style of hiking boot. Used the first pair for a LOT of hiking miles then finished them off using them as work boots for about 8 years on a ranch in Wyoming. LOVE these boots.
B0007T64VI I Love Timberlands I have worn Timberland boots for many years and just love them.  They hold up to my everyday working in them.  These Hikers are the second pair that I have owned.  My previous pair lasted almost ten years, although I did not work in them every day.  So I'm looking forward to seeing how this pair holds up to more wear and tear.  I highly recommend Timberland boots if you're looking for a comfortable boot.
B000AKVA6I Great pair of boots The boots are great, been wearing this style boot for the last 8 years. Never had any problems or discomfort.
B000AKVA6I Wore everyday for almost two years. It is almost time for me to buy a new pair of boots, so I went to my past orders with Amazon because I planned on buying the same pair.  It turns out on June 24th, it will be two years since I bought my current pair.  I don't write as many reviews as I should, but I am impressed with these boots.  I am a septic pumper and I have worn these six days a week, twelve to fourteen hours a day for the past two years and they have held up surprisingly well.  I use them to scrape dirt back on tanks and to dig (not the best method to dig) so I am very rough on my boots.  .  I live in the desert, so I am in very rough terrain; from gravel to rocky conditions.  They are very comfortable for me and that is the main reason I was planning on buying the exact same pair.
B000AKVBCQ Wish i bought two I wish I bought two pair. I bought a pair years ago and than could not find them anywhere and than Amazon was selling them and boom! I had a new pair.
B000AKVBCQ Great for Electrical Engineers My husband has been using the Timberland PRO style 81016 as a work shoe for about six years.  He buys two pairs each time and trades them off each day (no pair is worn two days in a row).  They have ESD.  They have a steel toe.  They look nice enough for the office.  They are very comfortable for the benefits they offer. They hold up very well for his type of work. If he has been testing prototypes in the field, they easily clean up with a suede brush and a little water.  Daily switching between the two pairs gives him about two years of life for the shoes.
B000AKVBFI Repeat Customer for 3 years This is the best boot I've ever own which is why decided to keep buying them. It will be a sad day when they stop making this boot.My only complaint this time around is that it seems they went cheap on the laces. My last 3 pairs all have thicker laces than what I got this time.I wear these boots as my everyday shoe and I only need to replace them once a year due to wearing the rubber down.
B000AL1C6K Good Boot I have bought 4 pairs of these boots over the last 5 or so years. They are very comfortable but the soles split after a year or so. I would still recommend them because they are very comfortable and last quite awhile.
B000ANSG9Y Nice boots but fancier than well built I recently purchased these boots and I have to say that I have mixed feelings about them.1.- On one side they are confortable to the feet, although a bit tight on the ankle, especially when you put them in, but I only expect them to strech-out a bit since they are new.2.- I have used this pair of boots less than 10 times so far, in a regular way, and the heel of the right one already peeled on one side and also it separated from the leather section, which is strange, considering the brand.Now, I have to say on my behalve that I owned a similar pair of boots made by Bostonian for 8 years and they werer excellent. I bought the Timberlands to change the Bostonian ones and I am disapointed. I am affraid to send them back and get the same quality pair back.In few words, the design is nice, they are confortable but the quality is not reliable. Be prepare to send them back.
B000B29VUW Comfy durable shoe I have had a pair of these for about five years with lots of use.  Finally blew out the soles, although the uppers were still fine, if not a little dog-eared.  I got another pair of Kiawah (similar Timberland) in black as well as these and together they are my "go-to" casual shoes.  Good support for boat shoes, and I find that the sizes run true; I got these in 11-1/2 five years ago and the same size fits perfectly today.
B000BB15ZC Not at good at the old model I bought a pair of these boots 3 years ago and they were awesome. I figured the latest model would be even better - boy was I wrong. They're a bit heavier, not as warm and just stiff all around. I thought they may just need some breaking in, but after a month they're still uncomfortable.
B000BB15ZC Great Boots! The Timberland Chocorua gore-tex boots are fantastic.  This is the third pair that I have owned. Very comfortable, easy to break-in, and of course waterproof.  They wear well, the gore-tex is the first to go after a couple of years. I recommend them highly.
B000BB15ZC Disappointed I bought these boots a couple of months ago to replace a pair of brown Timberland boots that I wore everyday for well over 2 years. Long story short, while tying the laces on the new pair of boots the gore-tex insert on the side of the boot ripped out at the seam. The gore-tex completely shredded so I don't really have the option to try a repair. Not sure if Timberland quality is hit and miss, but that's been my experience, one pair of boots have endured everything I could throw at them for a couple of years and one pair literally fell apart after a couple of months.
B000BB15ZC Wherever I go, I'm taking these boots! I love these boots. I bought a pair years ago for a hike into the Grand Canyon, and they have since been with me across the Australian outback, apres ski in Colorado, to the bottom of Victoria Falls, and up the terraces of Machu Picchu. The only time I regretted wearing them was cave swimming in Belize, because they were too waterproof to drain. I think that finally did them in, though, because I just discovered that one sole is coming unglued. I hope the new pair I'm buying to replace them holds up as well and is as comfortable. My size 12's don't pack in carry-ons, so I've worn them on a lot of long plane flights. To paraphrase Joe (vs. the Volcano) I don't know where I'm going next, but I'm taking these boots with me.
B000BB15ZC Great for long hours on the go!! Comfortable and reliable footwear. Feet stay cool and comfortable even after 10+ hour shift. I own 2 pair of the brown ones as well with over 2 years on one pair. This may sound silly but the laces are still original too.
B000BB15ZC Very comfortable for daily wear. I started purchasing this model about 4 years ago.  I'm on my 4th pair right now.  Prior to these boots, I wore Bates, 511's, or Converse.  My feet were always sore at the end of a long day on my feet.  I had a stitching problem with my first pair of Timberland Chocoruas but was obviously an isolated incident since my other 3 pairs never had that issue.  I love these boots and will be the only work/play boot I will buy.  Well worth the money.
B000BB15ZC Great all round boot This boot is comfortable and water tight.  Have used it bird hunting to elk hunting in the Rocky Mtns. 3 years old and toe rubber just starting to come loose. Have put many miles on these.  Have just ordered another pair.  Recommend them.
B000BB15ZC Comfort but shoddy quality. Used these for one weekend camping and on a few rainy/snowy days. The seams ripped apart were the fabric and leather meet. I love the comfort, but these are no longer made by a real boot maker. I had an old pair for 14 years, these ones did not last a month. Unfortunately I waited to long to return them. I will not buy another pair.
B000BB15ZC Great Boot These have been the best boots I have every owned. I have purchased 4 pairs of these over the last 4 years. I have worn the tread completely off of the first 2 pair. The boots are otherwise still in great shape with no failures. I wish the tread would last a little longer. I work on them all day every day so, they've given me good milage. I will be buying more.
B000BB15ZC Great boot! I have a pair of brown Timberland hikers for years that I wear when hiking in the Smokey's. They fit great and never have my feet complained on any of my long hikes. That said, I wanted a black pair for motorcycle riding and these fit the bill. The look and fit great as the old worn in ones I mentioned above.A very comfortable daily wear/hiking boot for sure!
B000BFIHVS Great product! I primarily wear them to work. They are a little snug width-wise compared to other boots I've worn (Columbia), but it does not make my feet hurt or tired. The last pair I had of these lasted 5 years!
B000BFIHVS Good boots I wear hiking boots all the time. Bought a pair of hy-tec with leather uppers 13 years ago ... lasted 11 years. Unfortunately, bought the closest hy-tec replacement boot I could find, the Falcon. Suede uppers and a rubberized last for waterproofing. 2 months ago, the rubber last was ripping and was outside of the warranty period.So .. these are my replacements. About two weeks of wear now. Replaced the laces with better ones, and these have been great. Break in was a few hours, the leather is holding up well and the sole treads are as expected. I am hoping that they remain a good replacement.
B000BFIHVS Great for everyday wear...But I bought a pair of these boots 2 years ago and wore them everyday to work, they never let me down.  I walk maybe 2 miles a day while working, these boots felt great from the start. I just bought 2 more pair from Amazon, 1 pair for work the other for casual wear. I did however, as I do with many of my other shoes, I put in a gel insole, making them even more comfortable. These boots are NOT made for backpacking or even extended hikes over rough terrain. You will also go through maybe 3 pairs of boot laces while you own these boots.
B000BFIHVS Fantastic Boots These have been my favorite boot from Timberland for years,I ordered multiple pairs i like them so much i am debating on ordering a pair for mt dad and brothers to try,very satisfied with the boots,I wish you guys offered a price break when you order 5 or more pairs or something,but as far as the boot they arew fantastic! Thanks
B000BFIHVS Replacement pair I have had a pair for about 6 years and finally wore them out.  Bought the exact replacement since I liked the others so well.
B000BFIHVS Great boot These boots are a replacement for my previous pair of the same model of Timberland boots.  The last ones lasted seven years of very hard use as hiking and work boots.  The new ones fit fine, and, hopefully, will last as long as the last pair.
B000BFIHVS Fine I have worn Chocuras for years now and thought I would try a less expensive model. They seem to be of the same good quality I have expected from Timberland.
B000BFIHVS OK but not as good as their older version. I loved my old ones that I've had about 5 years.  The new ones are not quite as well made and I was surprised to find they no longer have the Gortex lining.  Guess I'll see how that works out.
B000BFIHVS Value+Comfort+Durability I've been wearing this exact boot for the last 4 years. I'm a State Park Ranger. These boots are perfect for all around use. Whether I'm standing for long periods of time in the office or out in the field relocating an animal of one kind or another,this boot fits the bill. Comfortable(no break in period) right out of the box. Like all boots you should weather-proof them for added protection,however they are waterproof for the most part.I'm keeping my old pair,although the sole is wearing a bit, it still has a year or so left on them. My new pair is BLACK which is more compliant to my uniform.
B000BFIHVS Nice boots I've loved Timberland boots for years, and was happy to replace my old, well-loved pair. However, I was disappointed when I started getting some foot pain after wearing them for about a week. After purchasing some gel insoles, I found them to be more comfortable. It appears there was little in the way of arch support in the boots when they arrived, and my previous experience was that they had them already in the shoes. I don't know if it's a new design, or if this pair missed something along the line. Try them, and consider if you need a pair of insoles to put in. Otherwise, well-built, high quality as usual from Timberland.
B000BFIHVS can't do without them Other then running a little bit smaller then in the past these are great boots. I have had Timberlines for years and find them the best for daily wear, hiking and casual occasions. With reasonable care of the leather they last for years. My old pair that are being reduced to yard work status are at least 6 years old. I am only concerned that Timberline keeps up  the quality of leather and construction. A can't miss product.
B000BFIHVS Great boot but just a tad wide I only purchased these online because I have been wearing the eact model (and size) for the past 3 years.  I never wear a wide shoe but that's what fit properly when I bought the first pair at a brick & mortar 3 years ago.  When I found these on Amazon, I didn't hesitate but they seem a bit wider than my old ones.  Not so much that I have to return them...I just lace them down tighter.  As they break in, I'll be fine.  My 3 year old boots were looking pretty ratty and the soles are nearly worn through but they'll still do as &#34;yard & garden&#34; boots.  These Mt. Maddsen's from Timberland are great!!  4 stars only because they seem to be a little wider than the old ones...5 star boots other than that!  (I'd never buy shoes online unless I could find them in a shoe store so I could try them on).  The price from Amazon on these was amazing...I paid about $30 more for my 3 year old boots.
B000BFIHVS Great price I am in the service industry for over 20 years and prefer to wear Timberland shoes they are comfortable working and functional these boots were a bargain. Very satisfied!!
B000BFIHVS Great Boot I'm not into brand names for the name. I purchased a pair of these about 6 years ago and I'm still wearing them. They come in wide, which I need. I purchased the new pair for a great price. I wanted a back-up for when the old ones finally give out ( so far, they don't seem to be wearing out any time soon ). Very comfortable boots.
B000BFIHVS Replacement Had a pair of these for years so decided to get a new pair.Great boot! Hope they continue production.
B000BFIHVS I love my boots! This is my second pair of the same boots.  My first pair lasted me several years and I a very happy with them.  I will probably look for the same boot and anther few years.  Ok, I'm boring but I do stick with what works!
B000BFIHVS Grea Boots for everything! I have been  wearing Timberland boots for over 20 years.  In fact,  I rarely buy anything else.  They look good and last for years.  I do a lot of hiking and you just can't go wrong with their boots.  I have checking prices at several places for the past few weeks and found that Amazon, like always, have the best  price.  Thanks
B000BFIHVS Awesome comfort It's finally time to replace my old Timberland light hiker that I've had for over 20 years.  Yes, about 20 years of solid performance!  I received this new one yesterday with high expectation.  From the initial fitting, it feels just like my old one, no need to break in whatsoever.  Super comfortable and an even better fit that it's available in 2E.  All I can hope for is for this light hiker to last just as long.This is a light trail boot, casual everyday wear that will provide comfort and good looks.  For more serious hike/terrain, I'd recommend something from LOWA.  For hunters, I'd recommend Irish Setters/Red WIngs.This Timberland boot is great value!
B000BFIHVS Timberland Boot Is Awesome I have had a pair of these  Timberland White Ledge boots for at least 5 years and finally decided that I should replace them. My existing boot uppers are still in great shape, I've just worn out the tread on the bottom. Thankfully, Timberland still makes this model. I am very happy with the fit and the longevity of these boots and I expect this new pair to last a long time!
B000BFIHVS Great fit ! Like so many others here have said,these boots require very little break in. They are quite comfortable and I look forward to having them for many years....I hope !
B000BFIHVS Allways quality Never ever a problem in all my years of ordering Timberland footwear.  Fit is right on and good wear life.
B000BFIHVS Great boots Had older Timberland boots that lasted for 10 years and are still wearable, bought these as a replacement and am very happy.
B000BFIHVS Great boots I've had a pair of these same boots for several years.  I love them so much I just bought another pair.  My old ones are still going strong but are starting to show their age.
B000BFIHVS These have been my favorite for 15+ years until now. This has been my go to boot for hunting for the last 15+ years.  Zero break-in period, very comfortable, and sure footed.  However, the last two pairs have had the same problem with the glue that holds the heal on the boot failing and the heal falls off.  Timberland needs to address this product defect.
B000BFIHVS I never do product reviews but I felt compelled.. Over 10 years ago I bought this pair of boots, and I've worn them every year and with a quick rub of mink oil and new laces they have lasted superbly. I just ordered a new pair and they will be in the box until the soles on my old pair finally give out. I have to tell you... for the money, there is not a better quality boot.
B000BFIHVS great boot I have worn them for years and each pair I wear till they just fall apart. I would buy them again
B000BFIHVS Been through it all; best boots I've ever owned It's hard for me to say enough great things about these boots.  I initially bought them while I was in college in upstate NY, where winters are long and snowy and springs are wet and muddy.  I thought they were a decent-looking pair of comfortable boots i wouldn't mind wearing to class on poor-weather days.  What I never expected was how well and how long they would perform in a wide range of fairly demanding scenarios.Not only have I worn them walking up hill to class, but I have put countless miles hiking in the Adirondacks in NY, Green Mountains in VT, White Mountains in NH, desert hills in Baja California and snowy treks in Utah.  Plus I have worn them 4-wheeling, mountain biking and fishing (ankle-deep submerged for extended periods of time), all without ever having a problem or wishing I had a different pair!Last year my parents' and grandparents' houses flooded, and I spent hundreds of hours working in the water, mud, sand, you name it, carrying refrigerators, washer/dryers, kitchen sinks, etc. out of their houses.  I never had a leak or rolled an anke, or even felt sore in my feet.  They have fabulous support, padded ankles, durable natural leather, and are incredibly lightweight.  What more could you need in a boot??!!I often go out looking for new hiking boots, thinking that a more technical pair would suit my outdoor activities.  But after almost 5 years of wearing them, I could not be happier and just bought my second pair.  I can't wait to see where they take me!As a side note, I was on the phone with my Dad the other day, who said he had to go help someone with a new property on top of hill (it's winter).  He mentioned that he tore through his last pair and didn't have an real boots, so I told him to look in the back of my closet for a pair of beat up brown Timberlands (the ones I bought in college 5 years ago)... He reported that they were fantastic and asked if he could keep wearing them.  So even 5 years old second-hand these things perform like a champ.
B000BFIHVS A great boot I just replaced my first pair of timberland after 4 years of wear. I had all but worn the soles smooth. I looked at other brands and models but this boot is very comfortable and light weight. I can wear these boots 12 hrs and still keep going. I replaced the insoles after the first year but I wear these boots every day. As long as they make them I am buying.
B000BFIHVS Timberland boot Great, as expect, from 30+ years of buying Timberland euro hiker purchases.The fit was what I have always got from Timberland.
B000BFIHVS Great boots! Love Them. Fit just as I hoped. I had to replace the other ones I had for 5 years.Definitely worth the money!
B000BFIHVS 2nd pair! I have owned this same product before and keep going back due to the durability. I had my other boots for 4 years, yes they will last if you clean them properly and maintain the boot properly
B000BFIHVS Combfotable And Durable I purchased this pair of boots right before Christmas and they arrived just on time for the holidays. They were not a gift they were for myself, this is the 2nd pair of these boots that I have owned in the last 3 years (the 1st pair lasted me 3 years & I still have them)they are as comfortable as they are durable. Whether you want them for work, hiking or just for weekend casual wear they are a nice pair of boots to own, good in any kind of weather. And the price here at Amazon is always just right for the pocket and budget.
B000BFIHVS Fantastic Boot I am a govt contractor overseas. These boots have done extremely well in some of the harshest terrain we work in - and I mean HARSHt. make sure that you get some mink oil to help keep them protected from water and mud. Boots are light enough for daily use but strong enough to be able to handle extremely rough terrain. My last pair lasted almost two years - this current pair is 7 months old and still in great shape. I will definitely purchase the same pair again - and again ... Comfortable - tough.
B000BFIHVS Whaaat! Timberland makes the best boots.  I used to own a pair about 10 years ago and they lasted at least 3 years of heavy use.  If I had to choose only 1 pair of shoes to wear in the northwest, they would definitely be Timberland.
B000BFIHVS Great Boots Have wore these as work boots for the last 5 years. very comfortable. I will continue to buy as long as there available.
B000BFIHVS Great boot.  And you get what you pay for.  Quality This is my third pair that I have bought now.  They are great quality and they last a long time.  I just weardown the bottom tread with in 2 years because I use them a lot.  I would highly recommend these bootsto anyone.
B000BFIHVS Timberland 12135 - Excellent Shoe. * Owned for Five Years* First pair of boots that I'm going out of my way to buy a second time* I buy the 13M, and although I have a slightly wide food, the 13M works perfectly.* I also place arch inserts in this boot, the hard plastic ones and they work seamlessly, unlike some some boots.* Sneakers I go with New Balance, 1012 - they also work seamlessly with arch supports.Feel confident with the Timberland 12135, they will last a long time and take a great deal of abuse.
B000BFIHVS Great Boot I have had Timberland boots for the past 4 years and have always been satisfied. I have a history of foot issues relating to past surgeries and plantar fasciitis, and it is important for me to wear quality boots. These boots have great support and great traction. My custom inserts fit perfectly. I have bought this exact same boot each year, rotating last years boot to mostly farm work and saving the new boot for everyday wear. I have never had anything break on these boots, not even a shoe lace. The only issue seems to be where the leather meets the sole, it tends to begin to separate a little at years end, but never completely separates and does not seem to cause any moisture penetration. I make sure to use leather oil which makes the leather last. If Timberland ever stops making this boot, I will be lost.
B000BFIHVS Timberland leather, waterproof boots Just what I was looking for.  Owned a pair several years ago, but had to replace with new.  Very light, comfortable, used them inAcadia National Park a few weeks ago.  Just what the doctor ordered.  As always, AMAZON is great.
B000BFIHVS Timberland White Ledge boots These boots are great for my husband, who is an electrican and is out in the "field".  His last pair lasted 2 years.  Great fit.
B000C2EU2K Love My Clogs Finally had to replace my previous Timberland clogs that I wore every day for 6 years.  These are very comfortable and I am looking forward to a long relationship with them.
B000G1Z9XG Be careful if you hike a lot I am planning on replacing my pair of these boots in a few weeks.  I will buy the all leather option, though, this time.  Although the boots are very comfortable, my pair is 4 years old, and where the fabric and leather join, has broken down in several areas. The fabric portion has failed.  No more fabric for me, but I must say I am hiking in the mountains or working on the farm daily, and wear these boots several times per week. I own several more expensive brands, such as Keens, but none are more comfortable.
B000G21BSC Good support for working hillsides I had the same boot for over 4 years and It's a great work boot.  I live in on a hillside and these boots lasted. Last year I had to give it a coat of mink oil for waterproofing, but after 3 years I think they held up great..These will last another 4 years.  The old pair is still good, I'll use if for messy jobs.  I wear these boots winter and summer in the hills....
B000G21BSC They fit perfectly I have an older pair that I wore the tread off of the boots.  but still liked the way they fit.  They were 10 years old, wore them in the winter as boots and for hiking. The shoe strings or laces are still in tact.
B000G21BSC Tried and true I bought these to replace some old ones that were beat.  These were just like the last pair and I'm sure I'll wear them for many many years.  I have had many pairs of Timberland boots before and I have worn them all out.  Love my Timberlands.
B000G23DQK Great!!! These are great boots.  The style is timeless and the material will last for many years.  If there issues, Timberland really stands behind their products!
B000G23DQK Excellent product Originally purchased a pair approximate 30 years ago. The boots lasted for 20 years. Purchased a new pair about a month ago and just like the old ones they fit like a glove from the day I purchased them. Yes they are a little stiff and they do run true to size. The stiffness will go away as you wear the boots and the boots will become very soft. The boots wear like iron. Exceptional value for the money.
B000G23DQK Good Boots I like these boots very much.  Price was right and they fit the bill.  They are waterproof, and will probably (hopefully) serve me as long as the last pair. I bought these to replace a previous pair I bought many years ago. They tend to the large, however.  You may be fine with a half size smaller than you think.
B000G23DQK Not the same... Was hoping to replace a pair from years before that we're worn to death. I was disappointed when these arrived, to find they have changed drastically from what I remember. The shoe box itself would have fit better. Like many quality brands that have gone offshore, they resemble a pair of shoes only in their outward appearance.
B000G23DQK Awesome! I got these a couple days ago and have worn them a great deal. They were a bit squeaky at first and if they're tied too tight they are slightly painful. However this will go away once they are broken in a bit.I'm a college student and spend a lot of time walking around campus and even though every other guy has a pair of timbs, none of them are like the rust nubuck pair that I bought. People are constantly asking me where I got them in this color, so I know they stick out in a good way.I love the rugged look of them and their versatility and durability. When you examine them you can just tell that they are well put together and will last for about a million years if they're well maintained.Buy them at least a half size smaller than what you normally wear because they run a bit big. I wear a size 12 and have a good bit of toe room in 11.5s.
B000G23DQK it's cool boot with scuffproof but a little hard inside and not so soft and comfort but it looks can wear it for 10 years
B000G2419S Tim's girl... I love my high top Tim's...I bought this pair to replace my old pair and I loved them so much I bought the brown leather pair. Whenever I wear these boots I stop traffic.  I wear these boots in the snow and the rain  with sweater dresses and jeans and they are VERY cute.My old high top Timberland are 15 years old and I wear when I'm chopping wood  and they still look new. Great buy and very girly...
B000G24LJS Best Shoes These are my favorite shoes. I have been wearing this version for about 30 years. The glove leather inside is what makes them special. The quality seems has not seemed to go down much over the years - I think the leather used to be water-proofed. I insert 1/4&#34; barbed brass plugs in the small holes in the heels so I don't wear the heals too quickly.The ones I received are made in Haiti. In the past they have come from various countries. This par seems very well-made - straight with no defects in the stitching.One problem I have had over the years is separation of the upper from the welt. I wish there was some remedy to this.
B000G24LJS Old Favorite Still Available My husband has been buying this shoe for almost 30 years, and this is his third pair.  It's heavy, durable, and comfortable with jeans and khakis.  The only drawback is that shoelaces have to be professionally replaced when the leather breaks because a single laces runs all the way through the back.
B000G24LJS Thir pair in a row In the last seven years i have used two pair of these every working day. I work in Bahamas so they get wet, the heat is very high but they have lasted 3 years and a half each pair. Normally what happens is that the sole comes unstuck. I recomend them highly.
B000G24LJS An Old friend About 20 years (or thereabouts) ago I had the originals and absolutely loved them for many many years. These new ones are definitely not made the same but they do look and feel good. I hope that I get the same wear out of these, and also hope they offer them in black again,
B000G24LJS Perfect and always loved it for years. Great and I always loved this make/style for years. A great classic look and fit. Will buy another one after this.
B000G24LJS built to last I've been wearing these shoes to work about 90% of the time for the last five years. They look good in the office--respectable with some slacks and a tie, or with jeans and a jacket. I work at a desk, but I also inspect properties. They have held up really well over the last five years and I plan to keep wearing them and potentially will have the soles replaced when they wear out, which I anticipate to not be for another year or two. They need to be polished up, but they have so far stood the test of time. $100-120 seems like a lot to spend, but they will last...
B000G24LJS Timberland quality isn't what it was I've owned several pairs of these in the last 30 years. I used to love them. But I won't buy them again.The last pair had rubber soles poorly glued to the leather insole. Several exposures to wet weather resulted in the soles coming loose. Regluing them never seem to work. Heavy shoes like these, with soles like these, commonly are bought for use in bad weather. It's not like I went hiking in patent leather tuxedo pumps and then complained because they didn't hold up well.All shoes made in China are not necessarily inferior. But Timberlands aren't what they used to be.
B000G24LJS Awesome I owned this shoe many years ago, lasted a long time. This pair seems to be just as well built.
B000G24LJS Never Again I started buying these shoes thirty or forty years ago, when they were still being made in the U.S. Back then the soles never came unglued, as they do now, nor as with my latest pair, were the sides so high that they bite into my ankles....never again.
B000G24LJS Love the shoes! I had the same shoes about 30 years ago, in high school and college. I couldn't find a replacement pair for less than about $130 which, at the time, was way too much. There was no interent shopping back then, either.I got them for considerably less recently thru Amazon.They are just as I remembered them. I wore them the first day, all day, and they fit great. I love the grippy soles. I wear them to work as well as out and about. They are very well built and the leather is great.
B000G24LJS very  long lasting shoe, just threw out last pair , after 15 years wear  Very nice price bought these shoes 15 years ago, two pair . just 3 weeks ago threw  first pair out .I sometimes wear them as dress up shoesand awhile i kept them in  good shape fore awhile . before using them every day. the second pair from 15 years ago i juststarted wearing  every day a month ago .these shoes are really good  my are worned  all year.
B000G24LJS Timberlands Are Still Great! I have been buying these for 20+ years now.  I know this sounds a little out there, but I always have 2 pair--1 well-worn pair (these shoes last practically forever--mine are over 5 years old) and 1 newer, nicer-looking ones.  I rotate them as needed.The quality of these shoes has not diminished at all.  They are very well made and the materials are of high quality.They just slip on and are a really comfortable casual shoe that I literally wear almost every day.  I highly recommend them.
B000G24LJS my 15th pair or so These Tims has been the Sugar Honey Ice T  for years. I sported them back in Get High School and was voted best dress in my senior yr. Years later I'm still  sporting these Timbo's... The persona of these Timberland shoe has a touch of class and a touch of I'll stomp a mud hole in your, with rough and rugged bottom... Gotta Love Them!
B000G24LJS The best....never fails.... I have been wearing these for almost 25 years (not the same pair).  This pair is up to the regular standards and are great!
B000G24LJS Classic Classic Been wearing this model of Timberland shoes for more than ten years.  I walk lots and wear out the heels in less than a year.  Repairing sole or heel is very costly; this new pair from Amazon cost less than repair of my oldest pair.  This is great shoe for those who need Timberland's size range; comfortable out of the box, great a week later.
B000G24LJS Love These Third pair in a row - they last for years and they are extremely comfortable.  I hope they never stop making these beacause I am soused to wearing them for so many years!
B000G24LJS Timberland Mens' 50009 Boat Shoe I've had a pair of these for years and decided to replace them.  They are ideal for the winters with light snow.  They are comfortable and very durable.
B000G261IW Great boot Always loved the field boots.  Fits as expected.  I've owned several pairs over the years.  Never disappointed.
B000KVA7YI Pro's quality going down Owned the exact pair from sears and needed a replacement so I bought the same boots on amazon for $30 cheaper. But they didn't last half as long I think timberland is cutting corners.
B000MQHHB2 fine stockings for men my husband has worn this style from Timberland for years.  and so happy to have found the very ones on Amazon again.  he is pleased as well.  they wear well, wash well, last long.  nice simple shopping!  good service thru Amazon also.  Thanks
B000MX4UGU For the money the are well worth it . I've been buying these same boots for years and with all the walking i do every time i get these boots they lasts for years  the last 2 pairs i bought lasted me three years each and i did everything in them . Everyone who wears boots know you have to break them in first and after that they are very comfortable .
B000NKIGNK Good, Not Great I purchased these shoes from Amazon to replace a pair of Timberlands that I had been wearing for nearly three years.  They were similar to the old ones, except that the insoles weren't attached to the bottom of the shoe, and they appeared to be a little less well-constructed.  Have had them about a month now, and no problems yet, but it's hard to replace a pair of well worn in shoes with new ones.
B000NKIGNK Wonderful shoes I've had a pair of these for years. I was wearing them occasionally but have been using them as my full time work shoes for the last 18 months. I was just giving them a leather treatment this evening and was examining them closely. They are still is good condition with just a little wear on the soles. I do use a pair of superfeet shoe liners with them because of a back problem.When they do wear out I'll be replacing them with another pair. I am very happy with them.
B000QW02F0 Awesome work boots....nice work Timberland! These are the second pair of these boots I've owned.....I absolutely love them.  Very comfortable and they last forever if you take care of them.  East to maintain with the abrasion resistant material used....my last pair lasted me for over 3 years!!  You won't be diss appointed if you buy these boots.  I'll keep buying these boots!!
B000VI8VBG Timberland Carlsbad Oxford review I cannot say enough good things about these shoes!  My son is going on his fourth pair in four years and he's only 8.  How many other pairs of kids shoes do you know that last for a full year?  I waterproof them right after we buy them and they wear like iron.  My son wears them everywhere...literally...he's even given them two thumbs up for tree climbing.  Each time we've had to get a new pair, it's because the bottoms have worn through, but not the leather material.  Love the shoes and will continue to buy them as long as they're offered in sizes that fit him!
B000VIDXE6 Patuckaway! Patuckaway! I love this pair of shoes. I can't remember how long I have been wearing them. May 2 years, maybe 3 years? They have finally served their time. The sole came off but the leather is still good. It's time for another pair if they are still available.
B000VQ9QKS Great boot! These boots are comfortable and supportive. I owned a smaller size before pregnancy, and was happy to find I could still get the same shoe a couple of years later. My first pair took us all over Yosemite and various south bay hiking trips, always leaving my feet and ankles safe, protected, but not overheated. When I realized that pinch from my old 7 1/2 regular wasn't going away, sizing up to the 8 wide means I'm ready to get out there again!
B000VQ9QKS 1,150 miles on first pair after they were 6 years old Only thing really wrong with them after 1,150 miles on the Appalachian trail is there is a tear in the leather in the toe where the rubber meets the leather.  the rest of the shoe could go on for I bet another thousand miles!!!!!!!!!! bought a 2nd pair.
B000VQ9QKS Best hiking boots ever I bought my first pair of these hiking boots 7 years ago.  Not only did they last 7 years- they withstood 7 years of intense beating.  I have hiking several volcanoes in Costa Rica (their initiation) as well as 4 14ers in Co, 3 13ers, and hikes about every single weekend for the past four years.  They are super waterproof and have NEVER given me one blister.  Not even on the first day.  I just bought my second pair to replace the first.  The first lasted 7 years and still have no holes they are just worn down.  I LOVE THESE BOOTS!  I will always rebuy these boots.  They have kept me safe in many sketchy situations on the mountain and they are also just great for walking on trails.  From scrambling to trail walking these boots will be the most comfortable, safe, and durable boots.  I strongly encourage anyone and everyone to buy these boots.
B000VQ9QKS Wear these every day Excellent, comfortable boots--no breaking in needed and they last for years.  They're great for everyday running around and you're all set when the dog needs to go for a walk.
B000VQ9QKS Perfect I have problems with my feet.  About 5 years ago I purchased a pair of these Timberland Boots and have worn them out.  That is why I wanted another pair just like the last ones.
B000VQ9QKS great boots these are the best boots ever, this is my 3rd pair,  they last about 3 years  and i wear them almost every day.  they dont need a break in period, they feel like iv'e had them for years the second i put them on.  highly recommend..
B000VQ9QKS No blisters! I love these boots I have an extremely hard time finding comfortable shoes and boots (I usually wear flip flops or running shoes), and I went to at least 10 different stores to buy hiking boots for a trip. I was the only one on the trip who didn't end up with blisters. These are the best hiking boots I've ever owned. Good support, both in the arch and for my ankles, and they provided a good grip on what was often muddy terrain. I bought them nearly 5 years ago and need a new pair so I'm hoping they haven't changed much.I don't find them particularly warm, which isn't a bad thing as I bought them for hiking, not for cold weather. And they definitely are not waterproof if you get caught in a downpour. I also think the laces are too short, but obviously it's easy to buy a new pair of laces.The old pair still look relatively new after heavy use, and seem to shed mud.
B000VQ9QKS Very sturdy boot Had a pair that lasted 9 years of scouting treks to include Philmont Scout Ranch and they even went to Afghanistan before the soles finally gave out. These come right out of the box ready to go on the next hike or yard chore.
B000VQBPOS The BEST Boots EVER I just ordered my third pair of Timberland Nellie boots.  I am so thankful they still make them!!  My last pair lasted me 8 years!!  YES!  EIGHT YEARS!  And no lie, I wear them ALL the time.  I wear them in the summer even, I know, why??  But they are so comfortable, and durable and breathable.  The only reason I am getting a new pair is because the sole is completely smoothe now, and it's a little slippery out there in the snow. :)  I hope Timberland never stops making these boots, they are hard to find in the stores, and I 100% completely recommend them.  I now can only hope that when they arrive they are the same quality as they have always been.  These are a must buy.
B000VQHGG4 GREAT BOOTS i bought these boots for fifty five dollars and when I received them I could not believe what good quality they are and how comfortable.  Also they are a handsome boot too.  Good to go. This is now 2013 and I have worn these boots whilst in Canada for the last few years and am now wearing them in Southern Utah which is a much drier climate and I have to tell you that they still look great and are still extremely comfortable while on my walks thru the forest area here. You cannot beat Timberland and am going to order another pair
B000VW69IY My favorite shoes Replacing another style of these. Had no doubts about buying Timberland and I am not disappointed . I expect these will last at least 5 years with lots of wear as my others did.
B000VW69IY My favorite sandal, ever! My wife bought me a pair about five years ago at Macy's. This year I bought two new pairs from Amazon at about half the price. One tan and one black even though the first pair is still in great shape. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find them again. So comfortable that I use them for walking shoes. They look good for many occassions. Well made and they polish up like new.
B000VW69IY Now or never These shoes are no longer available in stores. When I recently went on the Timberland website, I found out that they no longer make this shoe. The only ones available appear to be whatever is left in the Amazon.com sellers' stock. I bought a pair of these about 5 years ago at Dillards, and they were the most comfortable shoes I had ever owned until I finally wore them out. I just got a new pair and used mink oil to soften them up. It worked great.
B000VW69IY Great Shoes I've been wearing this shoe for at least 8 years, I'm on my third pair and will continue to purchase as long as their available. Very comfortable and great for southern summers
B000VW69IY Great style, comfort and utility I've owned a black pair of these for a few years which I purchased elsewhere. Happy to find this light brown pair on Amazon. Sizing was just right. These are perfect for those occasions when you want the comfort and sockless air of a sandal but still need a little more foot protection. I broke these in at an event that required walking on a combination of grass, loose gravel and concrete. They worked perfectly on all surfaces. Great traction and and solid stepping but still very comfortable. Paired with shorts, jeans or khakis, these are also good looking shoes. The brown look better than my black ones. A bit pricey, but worth every penny. I can tell that I'm going to live in these shoes this summer.
B000VW69IY Great sandles. It is the latest of several I have owned over the years.  Older pair finally wore out and needed this replacement,
B000VW69IY Sized wrong?? Returned I have worn these in the 8.5m size for the last few years (4 pairs). This pair was much to narrow. This pair was made in Viet Nam. All the others were made in China. I have since bought a pair made in China and they fit fine, just as previous pairs have.
B000VW69IY Good quality While I liked the previous style better, this fits as well and I anticipate that I will get many years out of them as I experienced in the past
B000VW69IY I missed these sandals I had owned a pair of these previously and they lasted about 12 years. About two years ago my old pair were no longer servicable and had to be set aside. what a sad day. I had wanted to buy these for a while and finally pulled the trigger and did so. as soon as they came I opened the box and slipped them on! it was just as I remembered! they are so comfortable! I hope this pair lasts as long as the other. longer! I abused the last pair. I was in  saltwater, sand, mud, hiking, boating I used them everywhere.my wife has been laughing at me because I am back to my old ways and wearing them all the time. they have such a classic look that they are good in shorts and slacks. hope I can boost the use of these to 24 years and double the life of my old pair.dont buy them because i want there to be a pair left when I look for them again in a decade or two.
B000VWCNSE BEST SHOES EVER I bought one pair of these three years ago and wore them nearly every day. After years of faithful service, the soles wore out. I found them here on Amazon and just had to buy a new pair.
B000VWEHJW My favorite work shoes These shoes are tough, comfortable, and last for years.  I bought my current pair 3 1/2 years ago and they still look great.  I don't wear them every single day as I've learned it's best to let shoes dry out, so I switch off with another pair I own which are brown.  I have another new pair just sitting in the closet because I was afraid they might discontinue this style.  They quit making the brown ones for some reason - shame.
B000VWEHJW Timberland shoes My husband has to buy a new pair of these about every 18 months.  The bottom of the shoes wears thin too quickly.  Then, they fill up with rocks and other ground debris.  For the price, these should last at least four or five years.  We're looking for another brand next time.
B000VWEHJW Thrilled so far I've owned Timberland shoes for over 5 years now. This is my 4th pair and I've been thrilled with each pair so far. These Montgomery Bay shoes are comfortable. They look and feel high quality.
B000VWEHJW A Timberland CLASSIC TIMBERLAND has been my favorite shoe company for years, ever since my first hand-sewn 3-eyelet Lug, almost twenty years ago. I buy a couple of pairs every season. Unfortunately, every year it is harder to find a classic looking pair of shoes.I can understand that styles change and there is a market for trendier footwear. Nevertheless, classic designs should never go out of production. Fortunately, the Montgomery Bay Oxford is a rare exception. They may look like a cool pair of Doc Marten's - but without the need to harden your heels in order to use them.The shoes are sturdy and comfortable. I usually buy the Wide (or 2E) version however, since they were not available in brown, I went with the regular fit and found it easy to wear all day and surprisingly roomy. I liked the curvy insole and the metal-rimmed eyelets (although I may have to change the nylon laces with cotton ones, as they seem to have the tendency to come undone). What I really appreciated though is how waterproof they really are!The sole is sturdy enough and (unlike some Timberland chukkas from last year) they are easy to drive in. I bought them in brown and they go perfectly with either my khakis or my jeans. Now I am considering buying a black pair as well.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B000VWI0R2 Wore out quickly I was very disappointed with these shoes.I purchased a pair in 2007, but the soles wore through in less than 9 months. I walk about a mile to work and back each day, and expected the shoes to last much longer (my previous pair of Tims lasted more than 2 years). I replaced them with a different brand, and the new shoes are still in great shape after more than a year.
B000VWJHVU These boots used to last for years, but now only six months I've bought a new pair of these boots once every two to three years, after they've worn out and could not be repaired anymore. I bought a pair of these boots from Amazon, and notice that they were now made in India. The quality of materials and manufacturing is not worth the money any more. Look elsewhere unless you want to buy another pair in six months.
B000VWJIUK Highest rating l'm 54 years old and spend a lot of time on my feet.  These Timberlands are extremely comfortable and my girlfriend thinks they're the "cutest" shoes l own.  l agree with the other reviewer that $125 is too high a price however.  l found them on sale at Nordstrom for $79 so bought a pair each of brown and black (still available as of today at that price). Now l'm all set.
B000VX01MS Nice I love Timberland Boat Shoes and have been buying them for 18 years... (I'm getting old).  This particular style is a little different than your normal boat shoe.  I find them very comfortable and versatile.  They can be worn with khakis or jeans.  They were a great buy.  And Timberlands in general will last until your ready for a new style.  They make a good product.
B000VX01V4 Classic shoes remain These shoes are just like those that I have worn for so many years that I cannot remember how long.  Right out of the box, a little baby powder and I wore them all day long.  They are great for casual wear but look good enough for work.  I'm very pleased with these shoes and they are probably cheaper than my first pair 20+ years ago.
B000VX01V4 Classic color and style I have had several Pairs over the years. They will last a very long time , if you know what I mean guys. I will keep them till they disintegrate. ;) nothing is more comfortable, and has great causal appeal.
B000VX01V4 Lifetime customer - but no more I've been wearing this Timberland shoe for the past 50 years. The Timberland Classic Boat Shoe. Probably gone through at least 15 pair of them. When they were worn out for street wear, they'd go in the garage for yard work and new ones would take their place in the closet. But never again. This last pair really showed me what happens to a company when they no longer care about their customers. The lacing is cheap, the sole is junk, and even the insole is just a flimsy piece of some kind of cloth that bunches up each time you slip your foot into the shoe. This shoe morphed from a true classic to a piece of junk in the last 5 years. If I could go back in time, I'd buy 20 pair from 10 years ago but I wouldn't buy another pair of these today on a bet.
B000VX01V4 Great Shoe I've been buying these specific boat shoes for 30 years - and love them. I'll keep buying them so long as I'm still above the grass. They're hard to wear out.
B000VX01V4 Super ! Still the same quality and style as years ago !!
B000VX01V4 Fit Is Smaller than a Previous Pair My husband really liked his Timberland Classic Boat Shoe that he purchased several years ago.  He ordered the same size (9M).  They were MUCH too small and had to be returned.  This pair, a whole size bigger, fits better, but still not the same as his previous pair.
B000VX01V4 A true classic I've owned 4 pairs of these wonderful shoes over the past 20 or so years. I couldn't find them for the past 5 years so was trying others. But when I saw these on Amazon, I jumped at the chance to own a pair again (and at a great price!). Excellent build quality and amazing comfort. The soles are especially great because they are non-slippery as you expect from great deck shoes. And I know they will last as long as the others.
B000VX01V4 Love those Timberlands This was the best value. I checked local stores, other online providers and this was the best price.  I purchased these shoes to replace a pair that I purchased 7 years ago on vacation. Believe it or not the last pair I got were worn almost daily for seven years! Funny but the last pair cost about $50.00 7 years ago so that is about $7.00 a year if I never used them again. But, there is still more life left in that pair.  Thank you Timberland.
B000VX01V4 A clssic These are my 4th pair in various years, and I keep buying them because they're comfortable, but specially because well cared for, they can last for decades.
B000VX01V4 PREVIOUS PAIR LASTED FOR 15-20 YEARS The shoes were as I expected. I had another pair which I had worn for 15-20 years before the sole on the left shoe separated from the shoe. No complaint as they had some rough years of wear. Thanks for asking.
B000VX03GC Great for the price I have owned Chocorua Trail Gore-Tex Mid hikers for about 8 years. I almost always have to replace them every two years. I wear them hard. I hunt with them (archery-climb trees, pheasant and rabbit-pound them in the brush). I hike many miles with them scouting for deer. I have backpacked with them on numerous backcountry trips in Yellowstone. They are good boots, no GREAT books for the price. I agree that the soles wear out after two years of hard use, and I would simply replace the soles if it were not for one consistent issue...the separation of the leather from the sole.  It usually happens toward the front of the boot. I chalk it up to hard use. But, it's the only main issue I've experienced. Like I said, I can't beat the price. So, I keep getting them.
B000VX03GC Break In Period Needed. Bought these to replace an earlier version that finally wore out after 3 years of 3 miles a day hikes in all kinds of NE weather with the labs.  Unlike the first pair, the ankle on one boot was really stiff and needed 25 miles or so to break in. They're great now and I hope they last several years.
B000VX03GC Love these boots-my 3rd pair I got many, many miles out of the first two pair and expect same from my third pair. They have been making this boot, unchanged for at least 6 or 7 years. That says a lot. The uppers will probably never wear out, but the vibram sole, although tough, will eventually wear the tread to the point where traction starts decreasing. But since my hiking is mostly on rock, I expect that. Fantastic boot, especially considering the price.
B000VX03GC 2 Years of Wear I bought these about two years ago. When I first got these I thought I had gotten a steal. I believe I purchased them for less than $100. Maybe around that price. Anyways. They are comfortable. The fit is just right. Waterproof has saved me a bunch of times. The soles still have some decent tread left. Could probably get about 2 more years out of them if it was not for the fatal design flaw of the copper eyelets.Most Timberlands have eyelets that are punched through the leather. These have ones that are connected to each other through small little pieces that connect together. Anyways one has popped "open" so every now and then I have to crimp it back down with pliers. I thought it was an isolated incident to just that eyelet. Until today and on the other boot I have the same problem, but in a different location. I would not trust these hiking anymore. I shall be purchasing a new pair.TL;DR: spend your money on a different pair of timberlands.
B000VX03GC Timberland Chocurua First things first.. Thank you Amazon for sending my purchase at a timely matter! Now, for the review. The reason I got these hikers was because I have had a pair for 10 years. The style is a little different but they wear the same. I had done everything in those boots. Fishing, Hiking, Hunting, and when you throw a buffer brush over them and wear them with a pair of khaki pants, Casual attire as well. One of the biggest attributes for these hikers are that they are gore-tex which means on a hot day your feet will breath. On a wet day, your feet will stay dry.. I have put a few miles on these boots in the woods as well as here at work in the 3 weeks I have had them and all I can say is if you need a pair of good hikers that wont cost you an arm and a leg and will last, these are the one's for you. Good ankle support, dry, breathable, good looking boots. Sizing is perfect. Going to get a back up pair for when I wear these out in about 10 years..Have a great dayMax (USN-RETIRED)
B000VX03GC Great shoe! I wear these daily at work because I am in and out of military vehicles all day. My last pair lasted THREE YEARS of daily abuse. The only reason I had to purchase a new pair is that the treat was wearing out on the old ones.
B000VX03GC Great everyday casual wear or camping and hiking These are my second pair in 3 years. I got them last time at a shoe store and kept going back waiting for a sale before I realized the best deal was through Amazon. They are very comfortable, lightweight, and wear good.
B000VX03GC the best boot for the price this is my 2nd pair of these same boots.  my first pair lasted 6 years.  to summarize how i feel about them... they're very comfortable, don't make my feet stink, not ugly, keep the water out and last a long time.... pretty much the perfect boot.
B000VX03GC Pair of work horses. Purchased to replace the model 8 yr. old boots. They lasted forever . After the break in period, they become your favorite shoes. Hope the company still makes the same model 8 yrs. from now so I can replace them again
B000VX03GC great boot for the money my fifth pair in maybe 15 years.  I would probably still have the first pair but the rubber soles/heels wear out much faster than the boo itself
B000VX03GC 4th PAIR OF TIMBERLAND 15130 I GOT MY FIRST PAIR OF THIS BOOT ABOUT 7 YEARS AGO. I FIND THEM THE BEST VALUE OF SEVERAL OF SEVERAL OTHER BOOTS I HAVE HAD OVER THE YEARS. THEY WEAR WELL (THEY LAST ME ABOUT 1300 MILES OF FOOT TRAVEL).  VERY COMFORTABLE AND KEEPS ME DRY IN WET GRASS AND WARM IN THE WINTER..........I'M LOVING IT.
B000VX03GC Wonderful boots I have been searching for boots that do not hurt my feet for a long time... Since my last pair of Timberlands wore out after 15 years.  As I have gotten older, my feet have gotten wider, where I have not had a comfortable pair of boots in years.  Have been a loyal Red Wing user and they keep getting more and more uncomfortable as I get older.  These fit almost right out of the box, I bought them a 1/2 size bigger and wider than I have worn for the last 25 years. After a few weeks of having them on all day every day, I can go home at the end of the day without sore feet.  It has been a long time in the waiting.
B000VX03GC Comfort at reasonable price I've been wearing this boot style for  six or more years  - buy a new pair roughly every year.  The fit and construction quality are  consistent.  The gortex lining makes for a warm  and dry foot year round.  Comfort is good and weight is surprisingly low.  The only dislike is the laces.  They have braided sheath around a nylon cord - quite thick in diameter.  They work great with the boot when new, but once the braiding  wears through and breaks somewhere they become useless and new laces are required.
B000VX03GC just what I wanted Comfortable and stylish.. Just what I wanted. I expect many years of wear from these.  I will recommend these to anyone
B000VX03GC Chocurua Trail boot I am always leary about buying shoes/boots over the internet. After reading several reviews on the boot itself, I took the leap of faith and ordered. I used my previous size on an old pair of Timberland boots and they fit great.I have been wearing them everywhere I go. Fits great, no discomfort and it doesn't feel like I have boots on. My last pair lasted 15 years, hope to get the same wear from this pair.
B000VX03GC Great boots Fit well first time I put them on. Very little break in period. I've been buying Timberland boots for years. This is my third pair of Chocurua Trail.
B000VX03GC Comfortable boot I am now on my fourth pair of these boots! They are so comfortable I wear them every day to work and play. Hiking, fishing, concrete floors at work... spring, summer, fall and winter... all of my activities are in comfort. My feet never get to hot or cold. After about 3 months of wear and tear, I replace the insole with a gel insert... But I even have to do this with my sneakers and dress shoes because I am on my feet all day and I find I need the extra support. Once I purchase an insole for the boot, I am pretty much set for years. I still wear my first pair of boots for dirty jobs around the house(mowing the lawn with a push mower, changing the oil in the vehicles etc.). My point here is that even though they are not the best looking boot in the house, they are still comfortable for me to wear and serve a purpose. I will have to retire them soon because after 4 years of dirty work they are just about out of tread. The remainder of the boot is in real good shape. I will continue to buy these boots for as long as Timberland makes them. Before I found this boot, I would have to purchase a new pair every half year. Now I purchase a new pair once a year.
B000VX03GC great boots grat boots and if they are like the last timberland boots I owned they will last and last.  I got these for work because the ones I had for play lasted for several years of hiking even though I got that pair second hand.  Comfy boots and well worth the money.
B000VX03GC One of the best winter boots in the market This is the second pair I have bought in the past 7 yrs. The first one lasted about 4.5 years. It is durable, water proof, warm and extremely comfy. You may not even need thick socks with these, so buying your own size is a wise decision. It needs constant care and wax/polishing but even without them, it will last a lot longer than most other shoes. Fine for hiking, rainy or snowy days and your daily walks too. 5/5
B000VX03GC Timberland quality I have had several pairs of Timberland boots over the years and am always impressed with how well they fit and look as well as how long they last compared to others.  I had two pairs of this model and wanted a new pair but had trouble finding it so I was very happy to find it on Amazon and at such a reasonable price.
B000VX03GC Timberland Men's boots They were exactly what my husband wanted. He had a pair just like them for many years and wanted a replacement. He is a very happy man. They arrived sooner that I expected. Thank you
B000VX03GC Great Pair Of Boots Brand new and comfortable right out of the box. Great for work or play. This is my third pair in three years. Hope to find them again next year!
B000VX03GC Best light hiking/work boots ever. I've owned a pair of these boots for over four years. I wear them every work day as a citrus production manager. They do double duty as my primary hiking boot. I just recently returned from a week long Sierra Service Trip to the US Virgin Islands National Park. I wore them every day working on trails and while removing vegetation from historical buildings in the mornings and hiking in the afternoons. Steep uneven rocky trails were handled with comfort and confidence. I bought this pair for the future to insure that I will be able to continue to appreciate this great boot.
B000VX03GC Great This is the 5th or 6th pair I have purchased over the last 10-years.  Hunted in Alaska and Hawaii with them and traveled across the US with family with just this pair.  Fit great, light, water resistant, great wear.  Hope they continue to make this line.
B000VX03GC Perfect fit, great long lasting boot, BUT BEWARE, you can't get stock replacement laces ANYWHERE!!! The subject line summarizes the pros and cons with these boots:Pros:+ Fit perfectly - no need to buy a size larger or smaller.  A size 13 fits a size 13 foot.+ Comfortable right out of the box!  No break in period required.+ Waterproof!  I use the taller pair for snow shoeing.  I don't use gaiters and have never gotten wet feet even after hours of hiking through wet snow.+ Last for years and years.  My first pair lasted 10 years and I only replaced them because I had worn the &#34;tread&#34; down to nearly flat, which leads me to the one con...Con:- Timberland does not sell replacement laces.  If you like to ones that come with the boot (and I do), kiss them goodbye after about a year.  From then on you need to shop elsewhere for replacements.  You can get close, but not the exact same laces.  I find this a hugely irritating flaw with Timberland marketing.  Timberland sells one, and only one, lace.  A skinny black lace that would be better used on a pair of dress shoes than these wonderful hiking boots.  I should have taken a star off my rating because of this slight, but will be magnanimous.
B000VX03GC Excellent Very excited when i got these for my birthday.  My first pair lasted almost 4 years.  Great for all seasons.
B000VX03GC THIS IS MY THIRD PAIR IN THE PAST 20 YEARS.  I'VE USED THEM HUNTING, HIKING, SNOW REMOVAL, AND JUST HANGING OUT. WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOT TO ANYONE.  I GET LOTS OF PEOPLE ASKING ABOUT THEM AND TELLING ME THATTHEY LOOK GREAT.  THE FIT RUNS VERY TRUE TO SIZE. I PUT THEM ON IN MORNING AND OFF AT NIGHT ----- WOULD NEVER KNOW THAT I HAD ON A PAIR OF BOOTS -----  VERY COMFORTABLE!!!
B000VX03GC Actually returned them but... It wasn't because of a bad product. I've worn these EXACT boots for years. In fact I loved them so much I kept a spare pair in my office in case they discontinued them. I'm a roofing contractor and I promise with climbing roofs everyday I put these through hell. When I put on the new ones I always immediately ordered a new pair. My feet are so messed up from arthritis they won't work anymore. Not offered wide enough. My old ones had just formed to my feet. I had to go to a pair of Merrells.
B000VX03GC Great boots I bought a pair of these 6-7 years ago and still use them working around the ranch. I just bought another pair for times when I don't want to wear worn-out looking boots. VERY COMFORTABLE
B000VX03GC Great shoe Once You Figure Out the Sizing System I originally had a sizing problem with the first pair.  I adjusted the fit with thin socks. But they lasted three years with extreme use on the Ranch and were very light weight and comfortable.I solved the fit problem on this latest pair by increasing  by a half size and purchasing the widest shoe size.  Their great and should last longer than the first pair by regularly applying mink oil as recommended.
B000VX03GC great boots I bought a pair of boots like these for my husband 3 years ago. He wears them to work outside all the time, in all types of weather. He says they are the most comfortable and durable boot he has ever owned. They are waterproof  also. I bought new ones recently because he finally wore that pair out. He highly recommends this boot for anyone who wants comfort and durability, price is great too.
B000VX03GC Best boot I have found Great boots. These are replacements for the same ones I have had for years. And the price was the lowest of anyplace
B000VX03GC Great boots I have been buying these boots for some years now and i love how comfortable and light they are. I wear them everyday all day and really like them. The only complaints I have are the laces dont last because of the design of the eyes and the sharp edges they have. They also dont last the longest, I only get about 6-8 months out of a pair before the insoles are broken down, the tread is almost worn out and the laces are worn badly. I still give them 5 stars because I do wear them all the time so the wear might be due to that fact. I have bought probably 6 pairs of them and will continue to do so until they stop making them. By the way Amazon has the best pricing on these.
B000VX03GC Good for hiking and camping I needed a new pair of boots since my last one opened in the tip of the toe. I picked this  because of the Gore-Tex material and it looks like it's gonna last for quite some time.
B000VX03GC Great Timberland boot! I had a pair of timberland boots (not gortex) for about 6 years. They were an excellent fit, durable, and comfortable. However, they never wore out so I felt bad throwing them away, so, I didn't. I gave them to a neighbor whom still wears them today. I purchased these boots hoping to get the same timberland quality in a pair of gortex boots but at a much lower price than other brands. I got exactly what I wanted and more. They are well crafted, comfortable, and remarkable presentable. Don't spend your money on a brand name that makes you feel cool when you can get the same quality and a better price from a reliable boot like Timberland!
B000VX03GC Good boots This is my 2nd pair. I work at a bulk oil and fuel plant, my last pair lasted 3 years of daily work use. I wear a 12 in some shoes and 13 in others. These I wear 13s
B000VX03GC You can wear them till the tread is gone I am on my third pair of these. They are my go to shoe for anything from a casual dinner to out in the woods during rain or lightsnow. I have never had a pair come apart or loose their waterproofness. The only problem I have is that I have to double tie the laces as they seem to come undone often if not. Easy to get untied though. When you get them put some mink oil on the leather and they will last years until there is a hole in the bottom of them..
B000VX03WQ Timberland Euro Boots I have worn out many pairs of these boots over the last 15-20 years.  They feel great once they are broken in and are very durable.  I have tried to find a better feeling and looking boot with the same long lasting exterior with no success.  The leather holds up well.  These boots can be a bit heavier than other boots on the market and the strings over time, after years of use, have a tendency to get thin and pull apart.  Overall I can't find a better boot for what I need and desire.  Will definitely buy again when this pair wears out.
B000VX03WQ Nobody beats Timberland Excellent and comfortable boot! I've been wearing Timberland boots and shoes for the last 24 - 25 years and can say with confidence that for the money nobody can compete with them in quality and longevity. I've had pairs last me 10 - 15 years of extreme abuse; some of it in the harsh winters of Massachusetts and equally harsh summers of Florida. And even upon getting rid of those well-worn pairs they still were intact and wearable! How many other manufacturers can say the same? These particular Euro Hikers are surprisingly lightweight and very supportive, particularly at the arches where one needs it most. I'm looking forward to years of service from these Euros.
B000VX03WQ Let down by soft soles I bought these in November 2010 to replace a pair of similar Timberland boots that lasted 10 years. I currently own & wear three other pairs of Timberland shoes. In 18 months of wear (winter & spring in New England, mainly walking my dog) the soles are almost worn through. I've replaced the laces twice - they fray more quickly than they used to. I suspect that to keep prices down, Timberland has made some bad decisions on quality.
B000VX03WQ Timeless classic! I had these same boots about 15 years ago and there're still just as stylish. Hard to beat Timberland in terms of quality, too. A great buy overall.
B000VX03WQ My all-time favorite shoe I have worn this style of boot by Timberland for over 13 years. I replace them with the same style every 4-5 years and I wear them all the time! Great boot! I've never been dissapointed!
B000VX03WQ I love these boots! I had a pair many years ago and they lasted great with only a few scuffs until my daughter threw up on them.  I bought another pair to replace them after not finding an alternative I liked more.  They've changed a little, but I love them.
B000VX03WQ Great boot - 18 years old!!! I've had these boots for 18 years!  I use them mostly in the winter.  They have been subjected to the New England snow, salt and ice.  The bottom rubber layer stripped off this year and the right pair now has a hole on top hence the reason for replacement.  These are/were one of the best boots made by Timberland.  Wish they retained the original style so that I could repuchase the same.  Fantastic boot!
B000VX04DO great solid timberland i love my timberlands and buy a pair every couple of years. I trust timbs in the snow and cold always.
B000VX04PC Classic These are great, buy a pair every couple of years and these fit exactly the same. The only thing that looked different was the gray material seemed a lot shiner than i remember. other than that very happy
B000VX061O Timberland Men's Youngstown Boat Shoe,Dark Brown Pull Up,10.5 M US Excellent pair of boat shoes. I've had several pair of this model over the years and like the way they're made and the way they wear. I think Timberland may have discontinued this model because they're getting hard to find.
B000VX5FK6 So good I bought four pairs so far. I bought a pair of these several years ago when looking for a slip-on shoe for work and hiking. I have a very bad right ankle thanks to football and skiing accidents (back in the day of cable bindings, so now you know I'm over 50!), and eventually determined that I am better off wearing a low-top shoe that slides around the foot rather than a tightly laced high-top boot or shoe. All the high-tops ever did for me was shift the injury from a relatively minor low-ankle sprain, to very painful and serious high-ankle sprains. Since shifting to low-tops, even for multi-day backpack trips, I've had only minor sprains that heal very quickly.I wore the first pair of these out after about 2 years of heavy use, including backpacking over lava on the Big Island of Hawaii, and at least 90 hours a week working, walking and hiking for that whole time. I pronate, and the outside of the heal eventually wore away to almost nothing, but everything else held up, and they were comfortable to the very end.So, I recently bought three more pair from Amazon, one each of brown, black and blue, at way less than I paid at the department store where I bought my first pair. I wear the brown everyday, working on our little farm, hiking on weekends, typing reviews on Amazon, etc., and the black for "dress" occasions. Don't wear the blue ones much, except for the occasional casual evening in jeans.Overall they are the best, most comfortable and versatile shoes I've ever owned.
B000XEA5ZI Not as good as the older Timberland Pros I bought these to replace a pair of T-Pros that I purchased over two years ago. The line of boots was much smaller back then and I remember going to the only black steel-toe they made at the time. They were AMAZINGLY comfortable from day one until I retired them. The toe was just barely starting to wear through when I bought replacements.Unfortunately, that particular boot is not made anymore, so I went with this model. Completely different feel. The leather and stitching at the heel and ankle are particularly uncomfortable and pinch at times. I'm hoping this is just due to break-in, but the older pair were never like this. Also, where my older Pros had very nice inner soles, I had to purchase an extra set to increase the cushion inside this boot.Overall construction of the boot makes them appear to be very durable. If my foot can handle any needed break-in, I'm hoping they last as long as my old pair.
B000XEA5ZI Good Boot The last pair of Tiberline Pro boots were 8"leather, steel to with Ice trax sole. Lasted about 6 years, working outside 2/3 of the time. Could not find a replace ment pair (there are 8 inch steel toes, but not with the stitched sole like these steel trax 6".  my previous pair had the stitched sole).  This was the  closest I could come. The leather has the wear guard on it. Figured thes would probably last 6 years or more. Once broken in, they are some of the most comfortable boots to wear.Excellent product.
B000XEA5ZI 4 years ago. 4 year ago I bought this boots. 4 years of construction supervision walking on top of concrete, dirt, mud, wood, rock and all sort of pointy things. 4 years of almost daily use (Monday to Saturday work weeks) and this bad boys finally just couldn't take it any more and I came back to buy another pair.Never before have a pair of boots taken the abuse I give them this long. The longest I ever lasted with a pair was between 1 and a half to 2 years, this boots doubled that with no issue.The soft padding at the bottom alone is worth all the money in the world and if you have flat feet, like me, then this bad boys are a must. I didn't take this boots when I traveled because they are too big and heavy to pack and they were always dirty but on every trip I wished they were with me. My feet always hurt when I walk with any other type of shoe but with this boys, I could walk a marathon.Can't go wrong with this, they are worth every penny.Recommend.
B000XEA5ZI Long lasting solid boot I love these boots! This is the third pair I've purchased. They are very comfortable after you break them in, although like most an insert is a nice addition. Every pair I've bought has lasted a least two years in a very harsh on shoes environment: a foundry. By the time any of the shoe starts to fail I've worn holes through the leather. I will buy another pair in a couple of years!
B000XEA5ZI Great quality and comfort! My husband originally purchased these boots at Sears 3 years ago. He absolutely loves them. Of all the boots he's had in the past, he says these are the most comfortable when on your feet all day (He works construction). They hold up really well! He is rough on his boots, and we didn't have to get him a new pair until now. The last pair lasted 3 years! After scouring the internet for them I was thankful to see that amazon had them. I'm thinking of getting him another pair to keep on standby since he loves them so much. Keep in mind they do run a little big, but with thick socks its not a problem. I recommend these to everyone I know looking for quality boots for a decent price.
B000XEAA0S Good workbooks First pair of workshops that I was able to take out of the box and put on and they felt like I have had them for years.
B000XEAA0S The best boot you will ever buy, I purchased my Timberland Power Welts in September of 2007. I was a little nervous at first with the amount of money I had to spend. I had never spent that much money on a pair of boots before.  I had only heard good things so I went with it.  It was one of the best purchases I have ever made.  Not only are these boots extremely comfortable, they are also practically indestructable.I have worn these boots through every Michigan winter throughout the last 6 years. On top of that, I managed security at a 2500 seat Concert venue for 5 years and these boots have lasted through all the sweat, blood,poop, vomit, beer, scuffles, getting stomped on, and more.  The fabric above the steel toe on the right boot is just now starting to break open. I cannot express how great these boots have been. I am actually very excited to be buying a brand new pair today knowing that I will not need another pair for at least 6 years.
B000XEAA0S 3rd pair in 3 1/2 years! Bottom line is that I work in a paper mill, and talk about extreme conditions. Ive been trying different boots for the past 11 years and these are it! Light weight, water proof and are like having little suction cups on wet or oily floors and oh yeah, comfortable! Im not sure what people have been talking about that the break in period is long? Ive tried about 100 different brands and pairs of boots in the past years and these are like they've come broken in already. Timberland is where its at baby! My feet thank you!
B000XEACHO This Boot Was Made To Last Years I Wear A Size 11.5 Wide, And These Boots Fit My Exact Shoe Size. I Bought A Pair Of These Two Years Ago That Just Now Started To Wear Down Some, So I Decided To Buy Another Pair Just Incase Timberland Stops Making This Specific Boot. The Boot Is Very Comfortable, And The Leather Components Do Not Come Apart. Don't Worry About The Stitching Coming Undone Or Any Part Of The Shoe Tongue. I Work On Concrete, Rock, Grass, Metal Surfaces All Day For 23 Days Straight Each Month, And These Boots Are Still To Code After Two Years. The Only Part That Eventually Will Wear Down Over Time Is The Sole. This Boot Is A Great Investment For Any Service or Contractor.
B000XEACHO Great Boot once again. I had a pair of Timbs for 12 years. all it ever needed was a gel pad until the steal started to show through. I was considering getting a pair of Redwings when i thought to my self. My old boots (the Timberland Pro) lasted so long and held up for 12 years. 7 of them doing construction. Why chance another boot. My foot belongs in a Timberland Pro
B000XEACHO Are these boots Soviet surplus? These are perhaps the most uncomfortable, painful boots in which I've ever had the misfortune to walk more than a step.  Just God-awful.  I don't know what the ordinarily brilliant folks at Timberland were thinking when they designed these "professional" work boots, but it certainly wasn't about work, comfort, or the survival of the wearer's foot to the end of the workday.  I've worn work boots or hiking boots almost every day for the last 30 years and nothing, not even a brand-new pair of Navy-issue chukkas, match these for discomfort.  Specifically, they do not lace up very snug, you either lace them loosely or tight at the top and loose at the bottom.  If laced loosely they, of course, move around on the feet like a pair of flipflops; if laced snugly then the top of the shoe grips the ankle in a most painful way.  Lastly, the nice folks at Timberland must have spent millions inventing an upper that collects (and holds!) dirt and dust better than a shopvac, and a tread that is absolute tops for the speed at which it clogs with whatever loose material on which you might walk -- sawdust in my case.  Needless to say, these have been returned.  I went back to my 12" Matterhorn combat boots which I've had for more than 15 years and resoled twice -- the shoe engineers at Timberland ought to just buy a pair of these and reverse engineer them.
B000XEACHO perfect man shoe that does not need 'break in' time My son is in construction and this is his shoe of choice. He does not even want to wear tennis shoes/casual shoes any more...these are more comfortable than anything else. We keep coming back to buy this brand/style.proa. no break in time...they fit/feel great immediatelyb. price is awesome, even better than zappos (some years zappos price is better, some amazon)c. look greatcona. do not last very long...like other views have pointed out, the sole does not last long. I think ours have lasted less than 2 years with daily/week day use. but given the benefits, it is worth it.
B000XEACHO Timberland: Yeah Baby I swear by Timberland Boots. They are the only boots that I have put my feet into for the last 25 years.
B000XEACHO If Hubby Likes 'em, then so do I Hubby says these are the most comfortable work boots he has had in years. They are fairly light for being steel toed and the waterproofing does not keep his feet from breathing. When this current pair wears out we will be back for another round.Update!Bought another pair in January 2014. These lasted longer than expected with nearly daily wear in the oil field.
B000XEAJOK Boots I have worn these boots for years and proud to find another pair just like them. They were the right price and received them in admiral time.
B000XEAM10 Good for what they are This is my 3rd pair. They last about a year with me wearing them 99% of the time. The soles will wear out first. I could buy redwings at twice the cost and have them last 1.5 to 2 years or buy these and get a new clean pair each year. No complaints, just wish the soles would last longer. I am a hvac techincian by trade.
B000XEAM10 Great boots I orderd these boots on amazon after my last pair finally wore out after 2-1/2 years of use. They fit great right out of the box. Excellent work boot.
B000XEAM10 good work boot i love these boots, would of given 5 stars, but perfect we all know is tuff. i've worked on concrete for close to 30 years my feet, ankles and every other joint hurts but wearing these boots have helped a ton . almost forgot this is my fourth pair last pair wore for 2 years at work only. i usually wear for a couple weeks and then put inserts in for extra cushion
B000XEAM10 The Jury's still out I purchased a pair of this same boot locally over 2 years ago. They lasted so well I wanted another pair. Unfortunately the new pair only lasted a couple months before the sole on one boot started to come apart. Amazon was great in replacing them at no charge to me. I recieved the exchange pair last week and haven't worn them yet. We'll see how it goes.
B000XEAM10 Love The Fit And Comfort I can't remember how many pairs that I've bought, but I love the comfort of these boots.First I would have to say that these are a lot lighter than regular steel toe boots. I wear two pairs of socks with these, one pair of heavy wool backpacking socks and one pair of heavy weight cotton. I've never had a pair of these retain any foot odor, even after long days and seven day work weeks. My feet still feel good even after being on them all day.Generally a pair will last me around two years. They did have a problem with the soles cracking prematurely years ago when they changed the sole design, but I believe they've got that under control. I haven't had a problem with the past couple of pairs, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed.All in all, I can't see that I'll be changing brands.
B000XEAMXS Good boot if you don't mind supporting RED CHINA These seem like pretty good boots ,they are comfortable and don't roast my feet like my last converse did. order the wide if you usually wear medium. My only gripe so far is the leather on the toe is already cut and seems thin . Had I known these were made in china I might have looked for a different brand.  UPDATE: Two months old now and I must say these are pretty darn comfortable and I have owned many other brands over the years, if they hold up I will Probably buy another pair unless I can find a good pair made in the USA
B000XEAMXS New work boots This is my 5th pair of this brand and style of boot in 6-7 years. I am hard on them but, absolutely love the fit, the lightness, and the price. This price was 30 bucks lower than I normally pay for these boot. Will I buy them again?  YES.  Will I order them from this vendor? Probably, as long as they have them and the price is right.
B000XEAPDA great deal I have been wearing these types of boots for many years. I love them, plus Timberland stand by there products!
B000XEAPDA Timberland is an honest company I bought a pair of these boots and I thought they were great. The sole began to split after about a year; small splits at first, then one large one in the middle of the sole. I contacted Timberland, and they  quickly sent me a new pair. The warranty was only 90 days, and they replaced them after nearly a 1.5 years.
B000XEBX4K Outstanding Purchased these to replace a pair of Timberland's that lasted 6 years. Love these, more comfortable than the last pair. Grip better too.
B000XEEQAI Good to Excellent Work Boot I have been buying Timberland Pro Safety Toe Boots for my son for over four years now and they have held up beautifully.  He is a welder/college student and from  two years of high school welding classes through two years of college now, he has worn these boots for work, school and in the woods (mud, water and ATV's!) with no problems.  He is a big guy with big feet and is very hard on shoes, I am lucky that a pair lasts about a year for him through all conditions and situations.  I usually buy two pair a year so he has one as a spare or for &#34;clean activities&#34; and one for his everyday work and school.  A good price for a good shoe, he finds them very comfortable over time, his feet and legs don't ache from standing and moving around!  I am ready to buy two more pair for this year!
B000XEEQAI Very comfortable, no break-in This is my 4th pair. When you find something you like, stick with it! No break-in time. Comfortable from the time they come out of the box.I work in a job that consumes boots. These have lasted longer than any I have owned.
B000XEEQAI timberland pro No hassles, no problems. Good for the price. Had these boys before and they held up well. The sole did split as others have said but I got two years out of my last pair.
B000XEEQAI These are like wearing tennis shoes I work in a factory either on the concrete or climbing ladders. Luckily Timberland hasn't changed the design of these because they fit my feet perfectly. Even though I bought 9M the Timberlands tend to run on the narrow side which is what I needed. I have bought this same exact boot four years in a row now. Normally I wouldn't by shoes online without being able to try them on first. But the first pair I owned I bought them locally and since then, I've ordered them from Amazon. And they were delivered less than a week after I ordered them.
B000XEEQAI 4th pair These are great boots. I've had three pairs before buying this one. The last pair I wore Monday thru Friday for two years.UPDATE__12-01-13____These wore well for 9 months until the soles broke. One boot broke completely into and the other is broken 1/3 the way. Must have been seconds is all I can figure.
B000XEEQAI Best Work Boot Ever...That "Already Broken In Feeling Out of The Box" This is the best steel toe work boot out there.  My husband wears them right out of the box and he says they are so comfortable.  No need for that painful break in period.  They are very safety conscious styling with the steel toe and the oil resistant bottom.  They cost alot more than this in local stores.  My husband buys a new pair of these about once a year and they hold up vet well because he has to work 6 days a week 10 hour days and that would put wear and tear on any boot but not this one...it very durable!  Order your normal size because they do not run large nor small.  They are true to size.  Highly Recommended!***UPDATE~~~I just bought another pair because the price dropped on these.  I found them out in town for $120.00 but they were $89.56 on here!  That is a big savings.  Never hurts to have an extra pair tucked away just incase they Hubby needs them or even worse, they quit making this style!  My Hubby has worn this same boot for 5 years now and he will not wear any other work boot.  He has went through 3 pair in the last 5 years but we can't complain because he is always on his feet and on rough surfaces! He says they have that "already broken in feeling as soon as you put them on your feet"!  When Hubby is Happy...I am Happier!
B000XEEQAI Great Boot ! I have bought about 6 or 7 pairs of these boots over the years, this pair is just a little on the tight side. They will probably be fine once I actually wear them to work, I am still wearing the pair I bought last year. They are great boots, I hope Timberland continues the same quality that I have come to trust my feet in.
B000XEEW9S Love them Benn using them for 3 years now and they are holding up very good. I will buy another pair when these ware out. That might be a few more years.
B000XEH2JA On My 4th Pair In 8 Years I am a machinist on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day 6-7 days a week on cement floors.I have tried other boots but nothing comes close to these.They are comfortable from day one,no breaking in time.After two years, I replace them due to the inside of shoe finally breaks down.Outside of shoe still functional.Just purchased my fourth pair in 8 years.Thanks Proline for a great work boot.Will be purchasing my 5th pair in two years.Highly recommended.
B000XEH2JA The most comfortable work boot. I just purchased these to replace a pair that is worn out. My old ones are so comfortable that I am still wearing them, even though the safety toe material is visible through the worn leather. These have lasted over 1 1/2 years of daily use driving a tractor trailer, delivering to construction sites, factories and warehouses every day. I have purchased cheap boots in the past only to end up with foot pain after a short time. The material that the sole is made of with these boots seems to be a softer rubber than cheap boots have. It absorbs percussion much better than cheap boots, and they wear well. I hope they keep making these for many years to come.
B000XEH2JA Very comfortable These are very comfortable steel toe boots.  My last pair finally wore out after a couple years and I bought a new pair of the exact same boots.  I am giving them the full 5 stars as I cannot think of anything I have disliked about these boots.
B000XEH2JA 3 years and going strong I've had these boots for over three years and they are still going strong.  After a quick break in period they really conformed to my feet and have been the most comfortable pair of work boots I have ever had.  They are long lasting and have survived in a heavy maintenance environment.  I love them!
B000XEH2JA Best Boots Ever! I bought my first pair of Pro Men's Titan boots at a thrift store 7 plus years ago.  Have heard of Timberland but didn't know they made utilitarian boots (a la Red Wing, Georgia Boot, etc.).  Always thought of Timberland as a yuppie brand with mediocre products.  Well, at $10.00, the pair of boots were fairly new, very nice and did fit quite comfortably.  I wore that pair, every day, ever since.  Used and abused (some).  Seven years later, right after Christmas, the right boot sole snapped in half and that was the end of the road for them.  It took a while to track down the model in Amazon but, eventually, I did found them and didn't hesitate to buy a new pair. I just got them in the mail today.  Just like that first thrift store find, these boots did not disappoint! They are light-weight and sturdy, with a good steel-toe and a fine construction and finishing.  Fine, strong stitching and cushy interior.  They fit very nicely and my feet are quite comfortable in them.  I highly recommend these boots for daily leisurely (and work-related) wear.  Not heavy duty, understand.  They are on the mid-light end of the spectrum--just perfect.  Under 100 bucks, a fantastic pair of boots!
B000XEH2JA fit great right out of the box. my boots split across the bottom, they first pair did that too. the soles held up great for wear.. but they split.I went to check for the replacement cost I need another pair.. I was shocked I have worn them three years..(I felt so dumb they company will give me about $60.00 a year  towards work boots . I paid $89.00)so splitting after 3 years isn't bad.. I'm into oil or water based coolant a lot.. I knell down a lot that may have finished them off.great boot!!!
B000XEIZ7S very goos shoes Timberland makes very comfortable working shoes, but they don't last very long, and I still keep buying them, cause the fit perfect right out of the box, no break in required. I don't expect them too last more 1- 1 1/2 years, but now I also have a pair of Red Wings, which are twice as expensive but they last way way longer and to my surprise they also fit great right away. So maybe this is the last time I buy Timberlands.
B000XEIZ7S Very comfortable, no break-in period required I normally wouldn't buy footwear online, but I already own a pair and love them so I knew that they would fit. As far as work boots go they really only last about 1 to 2 years but for the price and comfort I feel that they are a great buy.
B000XEIZ7S professional grade This is the 2nd pair I have purchased. The first pair lasted 3-1/2 years of daily construction use. Keep them siliconed and they are waterproof unless you run water over the top !! They fit comfortably and I have been able to wear them to work out of the box both times, no blisters.
B000XEIZ7S Excellent work boots I have worked in commercial/industrial HVAC for the last 14 years so I am in very different conditions daily.  I have used Timberland PRO Titan's for the last 4 years.  They are light and comfortable.  This year I tried the waterproof style.  They work great.  I was concerned they would not breath  , so my feet would still be wet from sweat instead of water but not the case at all.  Everything was dry.
B000XEIZ7S Lasted two years Just bought another pair of these. The first pair lasted two years which is excellent because I do a LOT of walking and standing in water. The only thing is both times I ordered the regular brown and instead got the dark mocha brown.
B000XEIZ7S built to last I owned my first pair of Titan Timberland Pro 10 years ago, and that is how long they lasted!  Moderate to high use for 10 years!  Incredible! Most of my tennis shoes last me 6 months and these lasted 20X that! But that is not even the reason I recently purchased these again....that reason is because how comfortable these boots are! I wear these boots for 16 hours a day and have NEVER been in pain or discomfort. I've tried other boots and the comparison is laughable. Buy these, you will be happy you did.
B000XEIZ7S Their quality is not the same I have been wearing this boot for almost 10 years. This is the first pair I have ever worn that were downright painful to wear. I contacted Timberland and they wanted me to send them to their quality control for inspection at my expense with a turn around of 4 to 6 weeks. There was no guarantee that they would replace them even though I explained to them past experience with the boot and the problem I was having now. They were unconcerned. I will not buy another pair.  I can not afford to pay that much for a pair of boots are painful to wear and not backed by there manufacturer any better than that.
B000XEIZ7S Great boot for big men. This is my second pair of these (26078) model boots. I wore the first pair for three years. The last pair held up better than any footwear I have ever owned. I am a big man (over 300 lbs.). Traditionally my shoes begin to wear on the outer side and usually break down very quickly. These boots have held up through three years of wear and abuse.  I feel safe saying these are the best of all the work boots I have owned over the past twenty years. That is approximately 15 pair of boots.
B000XEIZ7S Great Boot on my 3rd pair I tried a different boot and had to trade them back in and purchase these again. I walk about 5 miles a day around a large plant and these are the lightest, most comfortable boot I could find. I had 1 pair last 2 years and the 2nd pair last a year for me it's well worth buying every year if I need to because of the light weight and comfort.
B000XEIZ7S best boots ever !! It feels great on my feet. I also love timberland boots they last for years, I have another pair of boots goin on 5 years.
B000XEJ3HO Consistent quality I have worn these Titan boots in this style for years, but this is the first pair with the waterproof membrane. They feel just as comfortable as the others.
B000XEJ9V4 Great Boots And Great Price Many years ago I owned a pair of these boots. Only God knows why I never purchased another pair of them and He's not talking. I wore them often and through all kinds of weather. As I recall they lasted somewhere between Eleven and Twelve years before I finally had to call a Priest to come over and say the Last Rights over them. Anyway I just purchased another couple of pair of them. One pair of them has arrived. I ordered them 1/2 size larger than I normally would purchase shoes and boots and instead of a width sized D like I usually do I ordered a width sized Wide. I wanted them to be just a little larger than I need so during cold weather I can either wear a couple of pair of socks or a heavier boot sock. They fit just the way I expected and I'm very happy with them.
B000XEJ9V4 PRO as stated Best pair of Timberland that I have owned. Have been using Timberland for years and love their warmth and dryness.
B000XEKCRE Comfortable from day one Great long lasting boots that require NO break in...super soft and durable. They last several years in harsh environment (phosphate mine)
B000XEKCRE most comfortable for me Last pair I had for 6 years still comfortable. Soles did wear out but for the price and the comfort of this boot its well worth it
B000XEKCRE 8 inch Tennis shoe I loved my last pair so much that I just bought my second pair. I took great care of my boots and they travelled around the world with me every day for the past three years.They have been the most comfortable boots I have ever owned and I normally can't wear a tall boot like these. They were so soft from day one, there was absolutely no break-in period. They are still as comfortable now as they were when they were bought in 2007.The only downfall of these terrific boots is that the sole, which is what makes these boots so comfortable, is soft, so it wears out and can crack.I will not complain about quality though, these boots outlasted several pairs of Red Wings, Caterpillar, and Wolverine and Georgia boots I have had in the past years. And they look as great now as when new.
B000XEKCRE Very comfortable-been wearing them for years! I have been wearing these boots for many years now. I am a utility line Foreman, for me,these boots are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned. I get a new pair every year. I have them on 45 to 80 hours a week. Great product!
B000XEKHOC Simply the best Have owned the classic Timberland boot for 30 years.  Incredibly comfortable, durable and totally waterproof.  Made to last.  I wore the same pair nearly every day for all 4 years of college and it still had half the tread left.  Hiking in them, the elements are never a consideration...no breaking in required.  Fits like a glove right out of the box.
B000XEKHOC Great clodhoppers I've had these for almost 4 years now, and they're still going strong. When you wear these, folks will know you mean business.
B000XEKHOC 2nd time around I had a pair of these boots for motorcycle riding which lasted about 4 years (and still going).  Motorcycle boots don't last long especially when riding in the rain.  They tend to lose their resistance to water.  My Timberlands to no such thing, so I bought another pair.
B000XEKHOC Great fit and comfortable right out of the box. Been wearing workboots for 39 years and I've tried a bunch of brands.  This boot compares with some of the best.  I wear a 10 and  1/2 D and the sizing for me was right on.  Had them for 4 or 5 months now and they are wearing great.  I usually try to get 2 years out of a pair of boots and I don't see any problem making it with these boots.  Plan on buying again next time around.
B000XEKHOC Great boots This is my third pair of these boots. Last pair lasted two years. Pair before that about a year and a half. Sturdy and comfortable. I work as a meatcutter and my feet are never wet or cold.  I have tried cheaper boots and they don't fit as well or last as long. I will definitely continue to buy these boots.
B000XEKHOC Purchased for work, love them. This is my first pair of the PRO series and so far I love them. I purchased them for work and for overall winter use. I live in Maine so a good winter boot is a must. They required a week worth of constant wear to break them in but they where comfy right out of the box. My last pair of Timberlands lasted for 3 years and I'm sure these will do the same.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the tongue which is its only flaw.
B000XEKHOC Great boot These replaced some other similar but out of production Timberland boots which I wore for four years until the soles got smooth. This pair is a bit easier to slip on and off vs the old one and very comfortable and attractive.  No opportunity yet to test the water resistance, but I'm sold on Timberland.
B000XEKHOC Durable & Comfy These are the most comfortable pair of boots that my boyfriend has owned. (So he says) They are very durable and can withstand alot of abuse and wear and tear. They also last quite a long while.
B000XEKHOC Great boot, right out of the box I have owned these boots before and was very happy with my last pair. With moderate use, 5 days per week, my last pair lasted about 2 years. I work in a warehouse with a lot of walking on metal and concrete surfaces, and find that cheaper boots break down faster and don't maintain support after even a few months.I just put these on today, so I can only assume that their life expectancy will be the same as my last pair, but once again I am pleased with the fit, cushioning, and construction of these. This is a quality boot that is worth the money, especially if you can get a deal on them (like I was able to).
B000XEKHOC Great boots These boots are great, my previous pair lasted three years of daily wear for work before the soles wore through, so I gladly bought another pair.
B000XEKIUK Great boots Very comfortable.... had my last pair of Timberland's for about 8 years and only got new ones because of the wear & tear on them (visually).
B000XEKIUK I keep coming back I've had two of these boots in the last 5 years.  I am a full time landscaper during the spring, summer, and fall, and do snow removal and construction the rest of the year.  I am on my feet constantly and these do not let me down!  I've had to buy insoles for each pair after about a year, but the rest of the boot holds up nicely.  The insulation is great even in the cold New England winters.
B000XEKIUK Great boots. This is the second that I am buying these boots. Last pair I purchased was two years ago. For the majority of them two years I worked two jobs in them and they held up beyond what I thought. Very comfortable. Good grip, waterproof, an excellent pair of boots. I will not purchase any other work boot.
B000XEKIUK First Pair Being Replaced...EIGHT Years Later I bought a pair of these boots eight years ago, and the sole is now starting to slightly wear along the sides at the heel.  I wear these boots 6 out of 7 days a week, in all weather conditions.  I recommend them highly - they are comfortable and obviously sturdy.  Buying my second pair with no hesitation at all.
B000XEKIUK Old Faithful I've been working in warehouses or outdoor enviroments for the past 15 years and since I've come across these work boots, I haven't wore another pair.  They're durable and extremely comfortable to be a workboot.  They're a great buy!
B000XEKIUK Lighter & more comfortable I've owned several pair of Timberland Pro's over the years, and have loved them all, but I have to say these are the lightest weight most comfortable pair I've owned that are also just as durable as any from the past. Very pleased with these, and realized I should have replaced my old ones sooner.
B000XEKK94 Absolutely love these boots !!! I have owned this model of Timberland boots for more than 30 years.  They last forever, are 100% waterproof, totally warm and are as comfortable as a pair of slippers.  I wore the same pair for all 4 years of college in upstate NY where the temp often was below 0 degrees, snow, slush.  I have even worn the oxford version of this shoe while playing golf.  As good as regular golf shoes and totally waterproof.
B000XEKK94 Best boots money can buy I have had 2 pairs of the same boots before this one (I'm on my 3rd pair now) each pair lasts from 2-4 years of hard work everyday. Great product, great price too!
B000XEKK94 Oilfield worker here - solid boots. One pair of these lasted 2 years working in Prudhoe Bay and another year working in North Dakota.  Just bought another pair to replace mine as the leather finally started cracking (my bad for not treating the boots with anything while I had them).  Not sure about the reviews saying these fall apart - mine have been used & abused and held up just fine.  Comfortable too.
B000XEKK94 I knew what I was getting, it's why I got it I got a pair of these a couple years and they were one of the best light boots I've ever owned. AN avid walker, I probably put 10 miles a week or more on them. I still have them. I had to put a new sole on after about 2 years and when I found them almost $50 cheaper on Amazon than in the store, I went for a new pair. I figured I could spend $40 on a shoe that lasts 6-10 months or spend a little over $80 for one that will last years and I know fits my foot. (Size 10).
B000XEKK94 Good boots! Look nice, feel comfortable and last fairly long. This is the 4th pair I have purchased over the years. I used to buy Golden Retrievers but have since started wearing these instead. Best price I could find was on Amazon.
B000XEKK94 Good boots. They are timberlands. Very good boots. Durable and lasts fot years. My last pair lasted 6 or 7 years. Still fine but stained and painted up from construction jobs.
B000XEKK94 Too Small Would have been better if I had purchased a 9DM.  I purchased two pair several years ago at the mall, and 8.5M's were fine.  I have worn a couple of times, and they cause my feet to hurt too much.  I was not sure if they could be exchanged.
B000XEKK94 Amazing! I bought these boots a few years back while working for UPS. I needed something light, comfortable, supportive, and long lasting.I still wear these boots to this day! I'll be buying another pair shortly, but wanted to stress how much enjoyment I have gotten out of these.The support is unmatched, they feel tight and full of cushion! Oftentimes I'll forget i'm wearing boots! The leather is great, minimal scratching over the years i've owned this pair. The strings have never frayed, nor has the boot encoutnered any tearing or breakage at the seams.My only grip is the squeeking you sometimes get on a floor. These aren't a full blown waterproof boot, but having a high loft tread does helps to avoid most puddles. My feet only have gotten wet working in the rain or snow all day.Overall i'm excited to be buying another pair and i'm glad to see this color is still available!
B000XEKK94 work boots have been wearing Timberland boots for many years.  they are comfortable, when broken in and give excellent service.  I just retired my old boots after about 5 years.
B000XEKK94 very nice have worn timberland boots for many years,if you don't need steel toes try a pair of thies.very confortable. buy here amazon has the best price
B000XEKK94 Timberland Still High On Quality and Comfort It has been over 20 years since I bought my first pair of Timberland Shoes and the quality and comfort continues.  Perfect pair of work boots with very little break in time required.  Rugged structure and non-slip for any construction/Industrial enviornment.No negatives to speak about at this time.
B000XEKK94 Poor I have worn Timberland's for work for the past 12 years.  About 5 years ago, I bought a pair through Timberland. The sole started to come apart almost immediately.  I sent it back and they replaced it no questions asked.  This time, one boots inside liner began separating from the boot at the heel and one of the lace eyelets started to come off.  I tried to exchange them and Timberland said all I could do is return them then I would have to buy another pair in separate transactions.  I sent the boots back then about 10 later later they showed up back at my door with a note stating they can not return worn products and I was 3 days after the 60 day warranty.  I was late sending them back because I had to order another pair and keep wearing the original ones until the newly ordered boots showed up.  I clearly called them before the 60 days was up, but they still would not warranty my boots.
B000XEKK94 Best Work Boots Out There! The old pair that I had lasted 6 plus years. They were still in good shape, just lost some of the cushion after 6 years. But the outside was still in tacked. They are waterproof. They don't deteriorate from cement products. I can wear them all day every day with no problem. I've tried a lot of work boots, and none compare to these. Buy cheap, and you will get cheap. These are totally worth the money. I even use them to go hiking with my dog. I have a pair for work, and a pair for working in my yard. Super comfortable, and non slip sole. They even look good. Try them, you won't be sorry.
B000XELF3O Comfortable and sturdy. So far these boots have been very comfortable and sturdy, I truly do believe I will be enjoying these for years.
B000XELF3O Nice and comfy but... Just a bit heavy. Overall I have purchased this boot for work every year for the past 5 years and haven't decided to change.
B000XELF3O Everything I expecetd I've had a similar pair for 7 years and they started to fall apart a week ago (pretty good run). These seem really comfortable, which is important because I'm on my feet a lot. They are also good for working on ladders and scaffolding. Do not hesitate to buy these!
B000XELF3O Very disappointed When I pulled these boots out of the box I could not have been happier with my purchase.  The second time I wore them I could not have been more disappointed.  One of the small eyelets at the top of the boot where you wrap the laces around simply just pulled out.  Now I have to go through the huge hassle of shipping them back and waiting 5-6 weeks to get a replacement pair(I'm stationed overseas).  I've had a pair of Georgia boots for nearly 4 years and never had this problem.  I feel robbed.  Other than the very poorly designed rivet I like these boot very much.
B000XELF3O Timberland Quality Good quality work boots. I'm on my 3rd pair and each pair has taken minimum time to break in. Can't beat the price either as I wear these at least 6 days a week and they normally last 2 years.
B000XELF3O Great work boot I love these boots. Great bang for your buck. I wear them 5 days a week for 10 plus hours aday.One pair will last me for around 9 months. I'll been wearing Timberland PRO for the last 5 years. Before that, Redwings for almost 15 years. I'll never looked back.
B000XELF3O Replacement for my son. He used his last pair for almost two years but the seams/stitching didn't hold up well and let go.Knowing he liked the boot so much and needed them for work, I bought him another pair.
B000XELF3O A Great Investment These are some of the best boots I've ever owned. After much research to find quality work boots I finally settled on a black pair of Timberland Pro's. Hopefully this review will help to sway your decision, if not please check out the numerous reviews found here and on zappos.com. These boots are constructed properly with quality materials. Even the shoelaces exceeded my expectations. They are quite comfortable to walk in even when I don't wear high socks. Another reviewer complained about rubbing but I found this to be very rare if I wore them properly. I've literally worn these shoes all day and cannot fabricate a single complaint. The steel toe and eyelets are stronger as well as more durable than my previous pair of boots. I intend to keep these boots for years as other reviewers have mentioned and then hope to buy another pair. They are the perfect ideal weight, refuse to show abuse and hold true to all their specific features. I purchased these on amazon rather than paying zappos $105. The price cannot be beat and you will not be disappointed in your purchase. I have had Timberland's before and can proudly say that these belong in a class all their own.
B000XELF3O Great boot After going through several other boots over the last few years, I&#8217;m very happy with these. I recommend them for work. I wouldn&#8217;t tool around them.
B000XELF3O on my second pair..... still wearing my first after 4 years im about as rough as it gets when it comes to cloths... i wear these 6 days a week and they are still very comfortable. they are very durable and i would put them up against anything! yeah there cracked, and skuffed but they still have a couple yars on them left...
B000XELF3O Very tough boot, this is my third pair I like them so much. I wear these five days a week as an auto mechanic.  They are exposed to water, grease, chemicals and abrasion and usually last me almost two years.  I do a lot of squatting and have destroyed the toe box of many other boots, these have always held up.  I did manage to rip off one of the upper lace loops on a ladder on my last pair, but I don't fault the boot.  Both previous pairs were replaced because I wore through the soles.  I've had dozens of other brands that never made it that long.
B000XELF3O My husband wears these every day Boots fit perfectly right out of the box.  Holds up to the weather you can wipe off the outside.  His last pair lasted 10 years!
B000XELF3O Old faithful I've been wearing these for many years. Have tried other brands and styles but I always come back to these.
B000XELF3O I walking on clouds I love these boots! they last me about 2 1/2 years out in the wild and about 1 1/2 years if I am on on paved ground all the time. When my old boots wear-out, I just simple order a new pair of the same kind. Super comfortable by the way with a half heel insert on top of the existing pad.
B000XELF3O Almost 4 Years and Still Great I got a pair of these in early 2010, necessitated by working a 10 week archeology dig. I've abused the crap out of them for almost four years, working on the dig, then on a ship, and now in a factory setting. They've been through through two hurricanes and more floods than I bothered to count (living on a river will do that), snow and salt, all the mountains and rivers that Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia have to offer. That, on top of just plain old daily wear.I just cleaned and oiled them today, and replaced the laces, and really the only flaw I could find is that where I have a bunion (genetic, nothing to do with my shoes), the leather is starting to wear a bit on the outside.
B000XELF3O Durable and Comfortable My last pair of these boots lasted me 3 years of daily use.  These boots are comfortable and hold up to many different types of abuse very well.
B000XELF3O great  boots this will be number 4 pair i bought . They last at least 2 years look good and wears even better  hard to wear them out  i hope they keep making these boots i bought other brands  they do not hold up long usually 9 to 10 months they meet all my expectations  good job timberland
B000XELF3O Good boots. Had same ones for 6 years and finally replaced them. Woulda got 5 stars had one of the rivits popped off after only one day of wearing them. Luckily a shoe repair shop fixed it for me.
B000XELF3O Second to none Another wonderful product!  I work on cement floors with anti slip grit along with jet fuel and jet engine oil and hydraulic fluid.  Boots hold up great.  the last pair I had for almost 6 years.
B000XELF3O Very comfortable and sturdy I needed a new pair of boots to replace my steel-toe slip on Wolverines, which lasted for about 4-5 years before developing holes in the soles. I bought a pair of these according to the sizing chart and they fit perfectly!The first thing I notice is they are much comfier than the Wolverines--more padding and support. They are also very warm, which may be a pro or a con depending on your climate.They are very sturdy boots--the first week or two of breaking them in was a little uncomfortable. I had to make sure to carry around spare bandaids to cover any blisters that would develop, but after you break them in you can wear them all day before experiencing any significant discomfort.The price is very reasonable for this boot--I would potentially pay higher for it.
B000XELF3O Timberland PRO Series quick review I love these boots for work - they stay in good shape for a long time too.  Last pair was 5 years of heavy use, inside wore out before exterior.
B000XELF3O Comfort After 4 years of construction and 6 pairs of boots these and by far my favorite and cheapest. They aren't as tough(thinner leather) as RedWings but fit me much better so I'll take the trade off.
B000XELF3O Best boots I've ever owned!!! I wore my first pair every day to work for about 6 years!!!! I've honestly never had a pair of shoes (any style) that were more comfortable than these boots. I had to buy 2-3 pairs of insoles as the original ones wore out. No big deal. Finally after six years I had to retire them. The tread was gone and starting to separate from the boot. All other shoes I've owned would have been in worse shape in half the time. Thank goodness I was able to find another pair of the exact same ones. I can't brag enough how comfortable and durable these are.
B000XELF3O Got these boots again I decided to buy these boots again cuz they lasted almost 1 1/2 years, compared to my last pair that lasted 6 months. Even tho they were different timberland boots they were made to be comfortable, but didnt last.
B000XELF3O I like them I've been wearing this model of boot for about 6 years. They usually last about 1 year per pair. I wear them everyday and they are comfortable. The break in period is not bad at all. I'm a crane operator in central Florida and I definitely reccomend this model.
B000XELF3O Its the 6th pair between my son and I Can't go wrong with these boots.Been wearing these in the warmer months for the last 3 years, a pair a year
B000XELF3O These are the best boots I owned these exact boots for over 10 years and wore them all the time. They are great, but after 10 years they finally wore out. I just got the new ones and they are exactly the same amazing quality, they just look a whole lot better. I will probably buy another pair in ten more years - hopefully they will be available!
B000XELF3O Best boot ever I work 12 to 13-hour days, 3 to 5 days a week.  My last pair lasted over 3 years and they are more comfortable than anything but a $200 pair of Danners.  These are the only boots that I have purchased twice.  I hope Timberland continues to make them.
B000XELF3O THE BEST!!! I've been in construction for 20 years. I've purchased many many steel toe boots in those years. I've had the cheap $40 boots from Walmart, to a few pair of Red Wings. I'll admit, that after paying an outrageous price, and going through some serious foot pain for a week trying to break them in, Red Wings do get pretty comfortable. That's what I love about these Timberlands. They are at a decent price, they come fairly soft so your feet doesn't have to endure a weeks worth of torture, and they will last just as long if longer than any other boot out there. This is the third or fourth pair of Timberland Pitboss that I've bought and as long as they continue to make them, I'll continue to wear them. YOU HEAR THAT TIMBERLAND? PLEASE DO NOT EVER DISCONTINUE THE PITBOSS.
B000XELF3O I've been wearing boots for years I'm in construction and always loved Timberlands, although these are nice compared to past Timberlands I have had these seem a little tighter then usually. Nothing I can't deal with but it was noticeable.
B000XELF3O Good boots, some rubbing and wear issues I purchased these boots about 2 1/2 years ago and have been wearing them close to 5 days a week since then.  I kept them clean and treated with Sno-Seal a few times a year and they have lasted quite a long time.Aside from the normal practice of replacing the insole every 6 months, I'm looking for a new pair of boots because these have worn through the liner at the back of the heel and on the inside at the steel toe causing holes in pretty much every pair of socks I have.  Also, the lower part of the sole has also started to separate from the upper on both boots.  I will probably buy another pair since they have been the longest lasting work boots I've owned.  If you try them on in a store to ensure a proper fit before you buy them and keep them clean and treated, I believe these boots would last the average person many years.
B000XELF3O Not What They Used To Be Worn Pitboss steel toe boots for years and have always worked well. Last two pair is quality was poor. One pair the left foot wasnarrower than the right. The last pair I purchased began making a noise with every step about 3 weeks in. It appears to have airbetween the layer of the sole.
B000XELF3O there great...................... very comfortable one week later still braking them in,i will be happy if they last me two years,because i have no luck with other brands
B000XELF3O These Boots Are A Best Buy My last pair lasted for over 10 years.  I hope to get the same kind of mileage from this new pair.  They are sturdy but more comfortable than the last pair I had.  There's a padded tongue and the new ones are bit more flexible.  The best value I've found in footwear.
B000XELF3O Timberland Steeltoe I had a previous pair, about 3 years old, but the size tag wore off. So I had to guess at the size. Guessed right (10.5D) and boots fit perfect. Great boots and will last you for years.
B000XELF3O darn good boots for a low price I work as an auto mechanic, and these boots seem to hold up better than most others i've tried.  They can take about a year and a half to two years of abuse before they wear out.  The soles seem to have good traction on oil-covered surfaces, although they don't do as well through engine coolant.  They are comfortable, which is important since I wear them 9 hours a day, six days a week.  The steel toe works against a 10 pound sledge and a car driving over my foot; fortunately, I haven't had anything heaver fall on them.  They're no Red Wings, but for less than $80, they're darn good boots.This is my fourth pair in ten years.
B000XELF3O What happened to the quality Bought these because the pair I loved were discontinued bought another pair after a month of owning and lasted two years ea.  The quality in this model lacks, rubber soles developed loud squishy squeaks every time I walk and comfort has diminished completely like maybe air pockets in soles have lost air boots, are only 12 months old.
B000XELF3O good workboot! This is my second pair of workboots. My last pair held up for 2 years and still have life left in them. I work in the maritime industry and non skid decks wreak havoc on the soles of working shoes, but these soles grip well and last long. I put gel inserts in mine for better comfort since the sturdy leather uppers need a little break-in time. However, once broken-in these boots are very comfortable. I highly recommend.
B000XELF3O Quality Made The only brand work boot I've been buying for 12 years. My last pair lasted me 3 years and I only threw it away because my wife made me do it. I think I had a least another six months left on that baby.
B000XELF3O I love it They have 2 years And i am still using them at construction site. They are perfect for the field And for the meeting with the client. I will buy new pair
B000XETJU0 Timberland work boots I just received a pair of timberland PRO men's pitboss boots.  At first they hurt me inner ankle on my left foot but after a few days of breaking in they are quite comfortable.  They replaced a simular boot by a different manufacturer that lasted me three years of farm and construction work.  For the price, if theses last me three years I'll be happy.  Over all they are comfortable, have good traction soles and don't pick up a lot of stones in the treads incase I enter the house with out taking them off.  Only down side, I prefer the old style lace hooks to these.
B000XETJU0 Great all around boot The first pair I had for over ten years.  The soles finally seperated.  I hope these last ten years too. A very comfortable boot whether you wear them for work or just as a nice pair of shoes. I use a neutral color polish, and they look very nice if you keep them polished.
B000XETJU0 4th pair i work on concrete floors all day. these boots hold up and provide support and comfort. i find them to be perfect for my needs. on average they last over 1.5 years where a regular shoe will wear out within 5 months. the only down side to them is the weight of the boot.  and the break in period.i will continue to buy them, well worth the price
B000XETJU0 Tim's Had my last pair for 3 years before the soles started falling off. So I went with them again. Timbos on my toes
B000XETJU0 Timberland PRO Love these boots.  First pair lasted 8 years.  Was able to buy the exact same pair 8 years later.  Only problem was the sizing must have changes a little.  My first pair were a perfect fitting 11, ordered the exact same boots, size 11 and they were too small.  Thanks to a great return process (returned for free) then sent my 11.5's immediately (for free)  Thanks!
B000XETJU0 Just ok I've worn Redwings for the last 8 years going  into timberlands is not a positive....I'll see how the hold up...
B000XETJU0 Timberland Pit Boss I've had a pair for over two years and they are still going strong, getting worn just about every day!  Just ordered my 2nd pair and will retire my old ones for light duty, mowing etc.Very comfortable, with good support, and the soles wear like iron.  I tried a pair of Wolverine before this, and they barely made it past 6 months and the soles were shot.  I'm sold on Timberland!  Outstanding quality and comfort at a very resonable price!
B000XETJU0 Great great boot This is a top-of-the-line book I've tried a lot of boots very comfortable long-lasting fits perfect from now on its timberland I used to keep buying the cheap boots they only last me a couple of months my last pair Timderland lasted me three years I'm glad I finally went back to them
B000XETJU0 Great Work Boots I ordered these boots for my husband and they are perfect. He had an old pair for years and they just now are worn out. Hopefully these will also last as long. They look and feel great.
B000XETJU0 These are great boots! My husband has a hard time finding boots that fit his wider feet and when our local stores stopped carrying these we were disappointed until we thought to look for them on Amazon!  These are excellent quality, long lasting, and even nice looking after being used and abused. He wore his last pair for 2 years, considering he works in fiberglass and construction that's an impressive life span.
B000XETJU0 very quick shipping i have worn these boots  off  and  on for many years  they are very comfortable  and wear very well  just wish they where made here in us
B000XEVJJO Five years I've used this pair of boots every single work day for the last five years. They just recently started to fall apart so I am buying the exact same pair. Very comfortable and I can't imagine going to work without them!
B000XEVLF6 Nice Shoe's Comfortable first time on. Had a similar pair, that lasted 2 years at work, hoping for the same with these
B000XEVLF6 Very Comfortable, and Good Looking Shoe This is the third pair of these shoes i have bought in the past four years. I like them so much i don't even want to try a different style, or brand. I just keep hoping they will have them when i'm ready to buy my next pair.I would, and have already recommended these to fellow co-workers.
B000XEVM50 2nd pair that I have purchased Awesome shoes! The last pair I had lasted 2 years. I work 12 hrs a day on my feet and no problem. I didn't  need to buy insoles either. I could still get more wear out of my old ones. But they look a little worn out. Best work shoes I have ever owned. I had Red Wings before. They were very comfortable. But like my friends warned me the bottoms will start to split apart after 6-9 months. And they were correct. I'll stick to the Timberlands.
B000XEVM50 bought the same pair of shoes now for 4 years, three pairs As they say in sports, when you find a winner you stick with it!  These are by far the best mechanics shoes I have seen and worn and I continue to buy the same model year after year.  You are talking over 300 days 8-10 hours stomping around on concrete exposed to oil, antifreeze, and solvents... I have about 3 additional gel inserts that keep my feet functioning.  After about a year it's time for a new pair.  they take about a week to break in (and can hurt your feet a bit) but are amazingly NO SLIP on anything, yet small and dexterity enough to work even the most cramped gas/clutch/brake pedals.  nice to have the steel toe to kick the lift arms out from under the car.  my newest pair the laces are kind of short... my last pair the top lace hook ripped off on the left shoe and got a split in the seam on the right shoe at the outer bend point.  was time for a new pair anyway.  great shoe hope they keep making them
B000XEVM50 Really comfy! I wish it was more durable though. I bought my pair back in June 2009. Now it is July 2011 and this pair is falling apart (cracks and tears on the side where the steel plate ends). The shoes are great and really comfy, however, I wish they would last longer. Still, 2 years is pretty darn good if you ask me.
B000XEVM50 Just great Great shoes second time I buy them in 2 years. Hopefully this time the little plastic that books the Laces doesn't break.
B000XEVM50 The most wonderful shoes in The world I have had manu shoena in my life none of them lasting longer than 5 months my vrothe got theses 3 years ago and suggested them to me each pair so far lasted about a year they comfertable and the look good i highly recommend theses to anyone
B000XEVM8W Going on 2nd. pair I liked the first pair so much that I ordered these again. I have been wearing safety shoes the past 15 years and these are my favorite so far. The first pair lasted over 2 years wearing them every day in a printing shop and they still had life in them. They are confortable from day one, to day 700. Highly recommended.
B000XEW60K Using for years. I love these shoes.  Been using them for years.
B000XEW60K OMG I've been a power plant worker for over 30 years and I simply cannot imagine a pair of safety shoes more comfortable than these. Until these, I've tried many, many brands and they all hurt my feet plus they were too heavy. These are also light and I usually don't even know I'm wearing work shoes. OMG, thats why I bought a second pair before my first wear out in case for some reason they stop making them. They are also very nice looking. OMG.... at last!!
B000XEW60K Small for the size I had to send back they were not even close, I ended up going back to Red Wing which has the most comfortable safety shoes in this same slip on style.  Actually have a pair of Red Wings I &#34;decommissioned&#34; and wore around home for years they were so comfy until I wore the tread off.  I bought two more and will buy again as long as I am working and will buy the non steel toe for non work settings.  The Timberland shoes feel like metal clogs compared to the Red Wings and are too small.  I don't like paying over 100 bucks for shoes, but that is the only way I  can be comfortable and you have to take care of your feet.  I know I sound like a  Red Wing salesman, but I believe I have tried TWO DOZEN different brands over the last 20 years and the RW's are the only ones that deliver for me.
B000XEX67M First pair lasted three and a half years. I wear a wide 9.5 and these are perfect for me. I think they are comfortable and not too heavy.
B000XF04LM Solid and years of wear This is my 2nd pair - the first lasted almost three years, and I wear them out on a loading dock, yard, etc. The black rubber began to wear near the toes, but again: this is after wearing them 50-75% of the days and to be expected. The safety toe is effective and protective, yet light and not ice cold as some old steel toes used to get this time of year. I would not buy any other brand of work shoe or boot.
B000XF04LM The only work shoe I've worn for about 8 years now. Always reliable quality and performance. I wear these shoes about 4 days per week, and spend many hours in them. I can rely on them to fit as always, be comfortable and wear well.
B000XF04LM Favorite Shoe I am on my tenth pair of these shoes. I have been buying them for years. I will continue to as long as they keep making them.
B000XF4D1Y Great Shoe I have been buying these for work for years.  I have plantar fasciitis and these are the only ones I can wear right off the shelf. Very comfortable. I buy the green Superfeet inserts because of my condition.  The inserts that come with the boots are very comfortable though.
B000XR2GN4 Disappointing and returning The Good: Quite possibly the most comfortable boots out of the box that I've ever owned (and I've been in the military 24 years)The Bad: Top Eye Lace Hook popped off the second time I wore them (returning as defective). They are replacing a 12 year old pair of Nike Air Chugach Boots and look almost as worn in less than week.  The leather seems soft and shows everything in terms of scuffs.  I had much higher hopes for Timberlands.
B000XR2GN4 Great Workboots These boots are so comfortable, can wear them all day. They last over 2 years in my harsh work environment. That being said this is the 4th pair I've bought in 4 years with my company's boot allowance, I'd rather keep couple pairs in storage than wait for them to stop making such great boots.
B000XR2GN4 Great boot! Great boot.  Super comfortable compared to others I've owned over the years.  I get about 1-2 years out of the boots that I've owned.  This is my 3rd pair.  I work in a machine shop and I'm on feet 10 hours a day.  I can no longer wear this type since we've had to start wearing met guard with steel toes.  I wear these around the yard or doing outside projects now.
B000XR2GN4 best work boots for me I work as a land surveyor and these are my favorites. They only last about a year (daily field use) but they are the most comfortable for my feet. This is my fourth pair in four years and i will probably continue to purchase a new pair yearly. They look great too (but their best attribute is comfort...top notch)!
B000XR2GN4 Multi-layer sole boots from timberland don't hold up! I purchased a pair of these from tractor supply for use in a warehouse job. I used them for about a year or so part-time without wearing them every workday until I left that job. I also occasionally used them in wet conditions like fishing on lakeside shores, hiking and etc. After around 2 years the bottom layer of the sole started to peel away from the top layer until there was flaps hanging from the bottoms. The top layer being the foam cusion and the bottom layer a durable rubber. I paid 100 dollars or more for these shoes 4 years ago and I'll never buy a multi-layer construction sole ever again from timberland even though these boots are the most comfortable pair I've ever owned. I feel that lasting quality far outweighs comfortability especially when you're paying over 100 dollars. My 40 dollar brahmas from wal-mart lasted longer and are almost just as comfortable when used in conjunction with a gel/foam insole.
B000XR2GN4 Nothing  beats This boot ! I've been wearing work boots for over 12 years now tried red wings, wolverines, etc and nothing beats the Timberland ProTitan. This boot feels like a high top sneaker. I've had 5 pairs now. I'm a truck driver and I get at least 8 months to a years out of each pair. I just wish they would make the waterproof style in all black. Otherwise their the best !
B000XR2GN4 Had my last pair for eight years so I can't complain I like these boots because I have high arches and these have good arch support.  My last pair cracked mid sole after eight years so I can't complain.  I had composite toe boots so that stiffness may have contributed.  I bought soft toe this time.
B000XR2GN4 Best Boots I've ever had I have been buying these boots for the last 4 years. I can wear them 18 hrs and the feel great on concrete or dirt. The last well and clean up well. The are comfortable, keep my feet dry, and have good support. I order a new pair every year and keep the old ones when they get too worn for work to mow, or do farm work. I'm a loyal fan and will buy them as long as they make them.
B000XR30FM I LOVE These Boots! I've had these boots for almost two years now, and I couldn't be happier with them.  I live on a farm and am outside constantly working with animals, walking through brush, hiking, working in the barn and in the garden.  I wear these almost daily - all day, most everyday, and they really take a beating.  After almost two years, they look great and are still holding up just fine and are comfortable as heck.  My size (a 10M) was completely true to size.  Great work boots - would get these again if my current pair ever wears out.
B000XR4IXA Most comfortable boots I've ever purchased Love these boots! Bought a pair three years ago and couldn't find them in the store when I needed a new pair. Boots are so comfortable that you don't need to break them in. Fit like you've worn them forever on the first day. Would definitely recommend them to anyone who is required to wear steel toes. I work on my feet an average of 60 hrs per week and cant say enough about the comfort and fit.
B000XXGMRO Best hiking boot ever! I had a pair I loved years ago but for the past 4 years tried different kinds. I went back and ordered these hoping that they were as comfortable and durable as I remembered. They were! I usually wear a size 10.5 but in these boots I wear a size 10.
B000XXGMRO Cant go wrong These rock.  Owned a pair similar years ago.  Found them again, and decided to take a chance.  I will continue as I forgot how great they are.
B000XXGMRO Outstanding Boots I had a pair of Rockports that I have worn for 20 years. They are still functioning nicely but getting a little ratty looking (All the suede is worn off).  So, I started looking around for something to replace the Rockports that would look nice enough to wear to work on snowy days, etc.  I bought some Rockports online and they were junk, very disappointing.  I then went to a big box shoe store and tried on a bunch of boots.  These timberlands were far and away the absolute best in all categories, style, fit, and especially comfort, which I really need because my feet are getting a bit finicky with age. They were $130 in the store. I was thrilled to see them on Amazon for a lot less. When they arrived (quickly) they did not disappoint.  Perfect fit, light, comfortable and attractive.  If you've been going nuts trying to find decent boots BUY THESE NOW.  I am considering getting another pair in a different color as there are a rare find.
B000YDM150 Best shoes I had I had this show fornthe last 3 years, I some times wear it every day for a month, still as good as new, never produced any smell and the most comfortable shoe I ever had.
B000YDYY5K They last I bought a pair of these years ago and they have lasted longer than any sandal I've ever owned.  I was shocked to see the same style unchanged still available since that never happens.  I'm buying another pair.  Mine still look great and have lots of tread but one of the leather straps is tearing in an un-fixable place.  I wear these everywhere all summer long.  One other great thing is that unlike many other pairs I've had in the past, these have never picked up that 'feet' odor.
B000YDYY5K 5 years Had this sandle for 5 years and finally need to replace since heal was worn. I wear the sandle daily. Good hiking trail sandal in Arizona deserts. Very durable and comfortable.
B001704YR2 Love These I'm very fussy about my foot wear. I had been wearing several hiking shoes from North face over the past few years, and decided that I wanted something less casual to wear out to informal pubs and restaurants. These are perfect. They are extremely comfortable, not too casual and dress up a pair of jeans and khaki's without saying I just came from yard work or the trail. The sizing is right on. Since my first purchase I have picked up another 2 pairs (1 more brown and 1 black). I don't care for the typical old oxford look most companies sell. These are unique looking and have a european flair to them. No break-in period either.
B001704YR2 Confortable and high quality I've owned this shoes for about 5 months and used them regularly, the quality is the same as always, I've been using timberland for more than 6 years and every pair of shoes of this brand last at least 3 years (in my case)... no complains, confort and quality as usual!
B001760K56 I just got another pair of this boots I bought this boot because I was going to Columbus, Ohio during winter and I'm glad I did!It is waterproof and not only that it is very comfortable and very nice booth. This booth has been traveling with me to many places from the west to east since 2006. I just bought another one because the sole finally worn out. This booth served me for about 5 years. Amazing!
B001760K56 You cant go wrong with Timberland The Timberland Lexiss is amazing. I was hesitant to buy footwear online and I havent had a pair of timberlands in years but I was not let down. the quality is as wonderful as it was years ago and this style is stunning.
B001760K56 Like it but need to stretch it I love timberland boots.  I have this in black and it's my go to boot for everything.  I spend a lot of time outdoors with my german shepherd, so the treads on these boots are perfect.  I bought my first pair 2 years ago and they fit perfectly.  However the new pair I purchased seems much smaller around the ankle.  I'm trying to figure out how I can stretch out that area.  I have a bone spur on the back of my heel and the new boot is painful to walk in.  I'm trying to stretch it out by stepping on the heel to soften the leather.  I hope it works.
B0017685EY Awesome Buy!! I purchased these several years ago and they still look good. Keep in mind that I only wear them in cold weather and i live in Fort Worth, Texas. The offer traction for the ice that we get here, and I've had more than one compliment on them. Great buy!!
B0019R12FK Kids Dervish Charles Timberlands I have purchased these boots two years in a row for my 5yr old daughter. Last years style had some suede on them, this style is all leather. I like them because they are durable for play and the cold weather. They are cute with casual dresses and jeans. Can wear them all the way through Spring. My daughter loves the little pockets for her "secret stuff".
B001ABTE7S Damn fine boot Never owned a pair of Tim's before. Took them out for an all day hike and WOW! Really resistant to water, comfortable, and are durable. look forward to owning these for a few years.
B001AQRYVQ Good looking, will hopefully last long / Update: Didn't... I bought these on Timberland's reputation for long lasting shoes, and a really good price on Amazon; for high arch people they have two problems: the included insole is way too bulky, and the laces are way too short; both are easily solved by replacing the insoles with your own special high arch brand, and getting longer laces; after that these shoes feel extremely comfortable.Update Jan 2011: Yesterday I heard a squishy sound as I walked over wet pavement but didn't think more of it... Today I noticed a hole near the heel... I've worn these every other day and I don't think shoes will last forever... But I didn't expect them to generate a hole... So much for Timberland's vaunted durability (I bought a girl friend a pair and she told me they lasted for ten years... Cost cutting?). Too bad as once I find a quality product I repeat buy blindly...
B001AQXB90 Quality. A very well made and comfortable boot.  I feel as if the Timberland Co. has been declining in recent years but they have never once forgotten what got that company off the ground.  I had a pair of these before and they lasted about four years.
B001C4CIP8 A MUST HAVE I work in construction.  I own a Garage Door Company and install residential and commercial garage doors.  Five years ago I was in an automobile accident, my right leg and all the bones in my right foot were broken. Hospitalized for a year.  I have purchased a pair of these boots once a year for the past 4 years. They support my leg and my foot and make it possible for me to do my job!
B001EBA784 great boots Timberland makes the only boots that can stand up to working around sharp corners all day. All my other brands of boots wear out the leather on the steel toe in less than two months. My last pair lasted 1 1/2 years and the toes are still good. Insoles wear out at about 8 month mark but only 8 bucks for new ones. Would definatly recommend to factory workers.
B001EBA784 Typical Have been using Timberland for years. This time getting these boots from Amazon made it soooo much easier. Steel toe boots that require NO break-in time. They can be worn for a full day's work without any discomfort. I expect nothing less than a years' worth of abuse for these boots and no troubles therein. Besides...$108.00 can not be beat by any brick and mortar retail set up.
B001EBA784 Worth a try if you hurt every day.... This is my second time on this boot.  I am 52 years old and work in manufacturing and this is the most comfortable boot I have ever worn.  It does an excellent job of absorbing shock and helping with the physical stress of walking on concrete for 12 hours. I feel much less fatigued after a 12 hour shift wearing these as opposed to all of the other boots I have worn over the years.My pair was fairly true to size with a very roomy toe box. I did not like the inserts and replaced them right away with the best inserts I could find.These boots were pretty much shot at the end of 2 years.  I have had boots that far outlast these in life but at the expense of comfort. I will keep buying them until they stop making them.
B001EBA784 Titan XL toe cap I have been wearing steel toed work boots for 34 years.  From cheap Texas Steer to super expensive RED WINGs.  My little toe right foot always rubs the steel and creates a blister or corn.  In these however because of the XL toe cap that does not happen.  The first pair lasted two years in every day service.  These are now my weekend yard work shoes and I purchased another new pair for work.  While the first pair is not worn out I wanted an newer pair.  The upper and soles are still fine.  The comfort insert that comes with the shoe is not the very best so after a few months I replaced it with a DR Scholl's working GEL insert for &lt;$10.00 and viola a new pair of comfortable shoes again. So far the lightest and best work shoes I have owned.  For waterproofing I used KIWI Camp dry spray liberally on the suede leather uppers before wearing.
B001EBA784 jesus walks in these my third time same shoes, last ones lasted 3 years, 5 days a week. D best... I had DR.M's, redwings, dbl H's, to many to list, nothing like these... timberland rules.
B001EWFEOK 20+ 14,000' peaks and still great I bought these two years ago and have summited over 20 14ers with them as well as several other big hikes.  They are wearing great and never uncomfortable.  Hoping they last another few years!
B001EWFF30 Excellent pair of hicking and working boots I have been wearing Timberland boots for many years, and expect to continue doing so. The boots are great for hicking and working around my property in the mountains of Colorado. The boots stand up well to the elements and maintain it's good apearance for years. The leather remains soft and weatherproof for years
B001EWFF30 order vary satisfactory Have bought my work boots on line for 10 years from various places because of size.So being let down is nothing new.At the time of this order I was sending back a pair to Zappo and I've alway wear Timberland.This is the first time buying from Amazon and I'm very pleased with the price and fit.Found this boot just a tee bit small but a good fit for me.Will continue buying from Amazon.
B001EWFF30 last one I will buy third pair i've owned,quality is not as good as it used to be and last one was a bit smaller too
B001EWFF30 have not rode tested them yet Out of the three styles I tried on at Academy these were the most comfortable and the only pair claiming to be waterprof.I have owned three pair of the eurohikers and they are not made the same anymore,these seem to be more of what they were and each pair lasted over two years and I drove a concrete truck with them thats abuse unlike none other to leather and waterprofing.One thing i would do right off is cut the crap laces off and replace them with some rothco 550lb paracord which in a survival situation may save help save your life,oh and it looks way better for about 6 bucks if you want ends firm on the cord match burn them.
B001EWFF30 Love 'em I replaced a previous pair of Timberland boots in a similar style that I had purchased YEARS ago.  I simply wore them out and am looking forward to another ridiculously long life from the new pair.  Great style and functionality!
B001FA1IGY A Classic Fit With Enduring Quality I really enjoy having a nice, comfortable pair of boat shoes to slip on with shorts, or with jeans and no socks.  I got my first pair of Timberland boat shoes about 20 years ago.  They have actually lasted all this time, through heavy use, sun, rain, heat, etc.  They are noticeably worn though due to age, and my wife has been bugging me to get a decent looking pair.  I've tried on other brands, but always felt the Timberlands fit the best.In 20 years the shoes held up fine.  They breath well and never started to smell. The only thing that broke was one of the laces broke probably due to being 20 year old rawhide that just dried out, and that was just an ince or so on the lace end, and a coupel of years back the insole heel insert came up, which I fixed in minutes with glue.  The sole, while worn, has lasted all these years with not so much as a crack or split, but naturally there's some tread wear!So I ordered these.  They are similar in color to the ones I have now, and look close to the advertised photo.  Obviously every piece of leather can vary a bit.They are all leather, and the rawhide ties are strung through the entire shoe through eyelets along the sides passing around the heel, and tying in the front.  The soles are a "gum"; the sole is sort of a tan, which I prefer over the boat shoes that have a white or dark brown sole.I wanted to mention fit, as the hardest thing about buying a shoe on-line has to be the comfort and sizing.  The old pair I have are a size 10, which is my normal shoe size.  I rarely wear a 10 , and on occasion get a 9  in a sneaker.  I assume the times I've needed a 10  it has been a poorly sized shoe.The old ones (again, a 10) fit me fine in the front and a bit snug in the heel when I first got them, from what I recall. They broke in within a week or so of wearing, meaning they fit my foot well, stayed on, didn't slip, but the heel became a little more pliable so I could slip them on with a finger tugging gently on the heel.I ordered a 9, 9 , and 10 in the new ones, taking advantage of  Amazon's free returns on shoes.  The size 9 fit on my foot and wasn't uncomfortable, but just felt really snug, like it was probably too small.  The 10 fit well, but the heel felt just a tad too big and I assumed it would break in and might slip some down the road.  So I went with the 9 .  It fit well, slightly snug, and the heel stays in place nicely so I am hoping they are going to break in just like my old ones.  Don't get me wrong.  They are comfy right from the start and no break-in period is necessary.  I just know from the style of shoe and them being soft leather they will naturally give a little as time goes on.  So, if you have typically wear a normal width shoe, I would go with your usual shoe size, or maybe a  size down.The insole on the new pair is thicker than my old ones, which were just two pieces of leather glued in place to cover the sole of your foot.  They had air holes along the instep.  The new ones are one piece,  have two layers, one which has form and the other which is a material-type cushion.  They are not overly soft, just right.  The insole does not appear to be intended for removal, but I imagine you could pry it out if you want to replace it.As far as value, price aside for a second - they lasted 20 years!  If these last only a few years, its a great deal.  Now, as far as price, Amazon's price for these varies a bit, but in general almost always beats other places I have seen these advertised.I am not sure if I will get the same wear out of these as the original pair, and they are now made in China, in case that matters to you.  These appear to be of the same high quality as my old ones.  So I am hoping these will last a long, long time.Again, my old ones lasted over 20 years, and really I am not throwing them out (sorry, honey!)
B001FA1IGY shoes I have a pair that I have had for 25 years and the soles finally are falling off.  I still wear them to the garden and to mow in but need the new ones foir more public wear.  They are still of high quality and comfortable.
B001FA1IGY Great price for great shoe This is the classic boat shoe. My last pair lasted for many years and it's nice to see that the new pair has even better construction and materials. The leather seems to have been upgraded with some extra stitching where the old ones failed eventually. Sizing is correct and the sole has the necessary anti-skid properties. If you plan on wearing these with athletic (thick) socks and you don't mind looking funny while wearing shorts, you may want to bump up by half a size. Don't forget to take a close look at the color - some of them have the classic white sole while others have a darker brown sole. Choose depending upon the look you want.
B001FA1IGY Comfotable, Lightweight and Attractive (updated after 2 yrs use) I have a pair of these same shoes I bought over eight years ago. They held up superbly and were like old friends that I always wanted with me. Finally my lovely wife suggested, more than once, that I ought not wear them away from the house any longer as they were showing their duty and service a bit too obviously. Well I stressed over this a long time. I would never find such a wonderfully comfortable and versatile shoe ever again! How wrong I was.This new pair I recently purchased from Amazon were like the brothers to my old friends. They felt broken in by the third wearing and the fit, flex and form are like a glove. My old friends are still in the line-up, but they're doing duty for car washing and yard work now. My new friends are first in the line-up and are serving me admirably as a versatile all-purpose shoe. In my mind, Timberland is a mark of quality and the consistency of their product, over so many years, is refreshing. I don't know why I was so worried. (Written by Don L.)UPDATE 5/14:It's been two years of regular wear and I stick by my statements above, *with one exception*. Timberland's quality has taken a hit in the area of the pressed steel grommets through which the leather lace passes. On their new shoes these grommets are too soft of a metal and are prone to loosing their shape, bending and even tearing in such a way as to expose sharp, jagged edges. This is happening to the grommets along the sides. Either the leather is too thin or the grommets are not stamped tight enough, and when you lace up snugly the back edges of the grommets pull away from the leather. This makes it easy for them to snag on stuff, consequently bending and/or tearing.The leather around the grommets holds up fine. Some of the grommets, on the other-hand, have become dangerous and I have twice actually suffered a cut. I constantly take the ball-paean hammer and gently coax them back into shape, only to have them later snag on something and become a hazard again.I changed my rating from 5/5 to 3/5. I like every other thing about these shoes. I do! But I shouldn't have to worry about getting cut or scratched when I use them.
B001FA1IGY Great shoes My husband has been wearing Sperry Top Siders the last 10-20 years because we can't get Timberland in Northern MI, but now with Amazon Prime..they are here so quickly and the size fit perfectly.  He is a happy man!After only a couple wearings the left insole began to bunch up. We returned them. The next pair did the same thing. We are in the process of returning them. I'm sure that its a minor case of bad glue. Should we try for three?
B001FXZU92 Great Boots I have been wearing work boots for the past 20+ years as a printer. 12 hour shifts on concrete with oil, solvent, ink and a host of other chemicals being walked over and spilled on these boots are the best I've ever owned. I agree they are a bit heavy, but the trade off for comfort and longevity is well worth it. I have worn several other brands in the past ( Cat, Wolverine, Red Wings ) none of them measure up to these. My last pair lasted almost 2 years, at $104 these can't be beat.
B001FXZU92 Great boot Comfortable boot with great foot protection. This is my 2nd pair.  My 1st pair lasted 2 years under normal use
B001FXZU92 the best boot I have had ever I bought a pair a couple of years ago and wore them everyday. I have never had a pair last so long with the type of work I do. I can kill a pair of boot but this have lasted the longest and the best on your feet.
B001FXZU92 great quality boots I get 2+ years out of these in a construction field enviroment great quality boots I get 2+ years out of these in a construction field environment . timberland is the right boot for the right $$$
B001GBMXIE Perfect Work Boot for Guys Who Are Hard on Boots!! My 18 year old son got a pair of these boots for Christmas 2 years ago.  This is a 6'8" country boy who wears out a pair of shoes every month.  He has hunted, worked in oil field, and ridden his 4wheeler all over Texas with these boots.  They lasted til just this month and one got a hole in the bottom from him stepping on something sharp and only then did they begin to get water in them.  They have sat outside in the heat, rain, and snow and never had a smell or became mildewed. They have scuff marks on them as you can imagine but they clean up and look new everytime. I am ordering another pair for his Christmas present!  You will not be disappointed!
B001KOQ4EG Just wore out my 3rd pair So I have just neared the end of life for my 3rd pair of these Madison Summit shoes by Timberland in a 7 and a half year period. I wear them about 6 day's a week to work and church, and am active walking my daughter to school on weekday's and wear them mowing the lawn, running errands etc. They keep looking great and are easy to care for by re applying oil to keep the leather moist, the soles have lasted about 2.5 years with my heavy use. I feel they are worth every penny I pay for them and have no plans to stop buying my favorite shoes.
B001KOQ4EG The best every day shoes I buy these shoes for their stitching and strength. I have owned 2 prs of brown in the past 7 years and I wear them EVERY DAY, rain, mud and worse. This is my first black pair and I expect the sa,e.
B001KOQ4EG Great travel shoe I use these when traveling because they look a lot better than a pair of sneakers but are comfortable enough to be worn when walking all day.  I put a lot of miles on my last pair of Timberlands, which served me well before they finally gave out after almost ten years worth of trips, and my new pair performed just as admirably on its first outing as I racked up the miles walking all over Manhattan.
B001KOQ4EG Hard to find in stores anymore. I'd been looking everywhere for plain REAL leather black casual boots. Too many of the shoes in stores locally are the fake leather that bubbles and tears as soon as you stomp in a puddle, these are real. I had a pair identical to these last me almost 8 years. I'll be buying again in several years.
B001KOQ4EG Best shoe ever. I've bought these shoes many years ago.  They worked so well I then went to a Timberland store to buy another.  When they went bad, I bought another pair.  Wife got sick of them so she suggested another pair from a competitor.  Hated them.  Couldn't find these in store anymore so I ordered online.  My feet have been thanking me ever since.
B001KOQ4EG Comfortable and attractive shoe This is my third pair of Madison Summits. I have a pair in brown, and a few years ago I had a sueded (crazyhorse leather?) pair in Gore-Tex. (Sure wish they would offer those again!) Very, very comfortable, light, soft. I think the smooth toe and look makes them attractive with a variety of causal wear--jeans, cargos, and khakis.
B001KOQ4EG High quality These are heavy, as a shoe, but being older I remember that quality shoes are a little heavy because quality products are just that way. Stable, solid, comfortable. I put in a gell for a little extra comfort, but it may be overkill.This is my 4th pair of Timberland (various models from sandals to shoes) and I find the extra price is more than worth it. My first pair lasted 7 years in the worst possible walking conditions - hot, rocky roads all day long. That pair (Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah Bay Boat Shoe) took a little breaking in, but after 2 weeks, they were very comfortable.This model doesn't require a breaking in period. They are comfortable from the get-go. Good job, Timberland!
B001O1PO96 Comfortable right out of the box I have a pair of Timberland boots model Dusty Trails that I've used for five years. I've put them through a lot of work and abuse, mostly working around my homestead that is mostly steep fields and forest. They no longer look pretty but are still intact with plenty of tread. These have been extremely comfortable and durable boots so I thought I would get another pair. Well, the Dusty Trails is no longer available and after six months watching ebay I saw only two pair show up (but not my size). So I decided to look for an alternative. I checked out several Timberland boots that have good ratings but I didn't want to spend $80+ so I went with the Trail Seeker.The Trail Seeker has tread that is identical to the Dusty Trails, which is good. The Trail Seeker appears similar to the Dusty Trails but looks to be somewhat lesser quality. The eye hooks are solid vs the flexible eye rings on my older boots and I suspect more likely to break (of course I hope I've judged that wrong).They are comfortable and haven't even been fully broken in yet. They do feel very much like my old boots and have the same excellent traction. Time will tell if they are as durable as my older boots but my guess is they will take the abuse I dish out for at least a few years.
B001PBK87I Most comfortable "NEW" boot ever My husband is a general contractor and has been for 35+ years.  He hates having to buy new boots because of the breaking in period.  It's hard to part with comfortable boots no matter how worn the are.  The time had come where there was no more avoiding getting new boots so I order these based on reviews.  My husband was so surprized how comfortable they are right out of the box.  He said they are the most comfortable "NEW" boot he has ever owned.  We are talking a lot of years and a lot of new boots.  Almost think I should order more for him now while they are available.
B001PUFSW4 Just what I was looking for I bought these for heavy gardening work, lots of digging, shoveling in all weather. A previous pair of Timberland boots I owned lasted 15 years and these are even more substantial plus have gortex. A very comfortable well made boot. On me the fit is roomy in the toe box area with no slipping in the heel. I wear 6.5 to 7 and bought these in a 7.
B001RIYVT0 Avid Camper / Hiker  -  Excellent... My Dr. Martens finally gave in to mold, though structurally in tact, after 15+ years, so I was looking for a boot to replace them.  We get out and do minimalist camping twice a month in Oregon, and I've given these boots a run through, and let me tell you, they hold up to everything I can throw at them.  Really comfortable, they hug the foot, provide great support, and don't create those friction burns from overuse.  I anticipate using them for years to come...
B001S5X31E Last Forever, Comfy. Hubby Loves these Boots! These boots are such an awesome buy.  We bought this pair to replace the first pair we bought three years ago.  Hubby wears these boots almost every day to work, and even some weekends for projects around the house, and got three good years out of the first pair.  They are comfy and durable.
B001S5X31E I've worked in Timberland Pro boots - for years - this one did not work well for me I've been a fan of Timberland PRO, but this one has a higher heel which creates a lump right under the arch in the boot, plus it seems more narrow than the wide size boots I'm used to.  Very disappointed that the foot bed on these doesn't fit the same as the 6&#34; version I've used for years.
B001S5X31E 2nd pair big disappointment The first pair I purchased about 4 years ago and I loved them.  They  are daily worn work boots and lasted 3 years before the toe leather was gone.  The newest pair I have had 1 year and the soles are falling apart.  I paired 200.00 and will never buy these again.
B001SARJXC Timberland's Chelsea Boot is the Best As someone tall with a size 12E foot, it's difficult to find quality, durable and stylish shoes and boots. This is my third pair (in many years) of these fashionable boots you can dress up in a suit or down in a pair of jeans. They are durable, weatherproof for our New England sloppy winters and easy to clean. They fit perfectly and are true to size.
B001SARJXC Great work boots This is my 2nd pair. The 1st one lasted 4 years in really harsh conditions. They are extremely comfortable and durable.I am considering ordering another pair to put on the shelf since Timberland doesn't make them anymore.
B001SARJXC Great Shoes Last pair lasted five years and I am expecting at least that many out of this pair.  They are comfortable and look sharp.
B001SARJXC I Gave Up After wearing out my original pair from about 4 years ago, I bought 2 pair trying to get a pair that I could actually wear. The left boot of both pairs had an abnormally high arch that made it impossible to wear without serious discomfort. My original pair were very comfortable and lasted longer than any boots I've ever owned. These updated Chinese made boots are a far cry from the original Chelsea model. After posting my original review, I found a pair that fit and were comfortable. Unlike my original pair that lasted for over 4 years, these updated boots wore right through the thin skinned soles in a year. The unusual sole construction has a thin rubbery layer that just doesn't last. Boots are unrepairable. Real garbage.
B001SARJXC Best fitting and lasting boots that I have had in awhile. I have this boot in all the available colors now, the are very comfortable and long lasting.  I just sent my first pair that i purchased years ago to have a new sole put on it.  The top side is in great shape.
B001SARJXC great product bought it for the 4th time over the years, fits like socks.the only drawback is the sole strength - its the first to get bad/broken after few years, while the rest of the boot remains perfectly fine.
B001SARJXC So far...so...OK I bought these to replace an almost identical looking pair of Timberlands that I have been wearing since 1999! I kid you not, I have probably worn my original pair at least twice a week for almost 15 years...including days on end on vacations...walking city streets all over the country and once in Europe. After nearly 15 years, parts of the sole started to peel off. Timberland doesn't make the same model any more, and these are as close as they offer. Unfortunately, as other reviews have mentioned, the opening at the top of the boot is smaller than on the previous model. Even after a breaking in period, the front of the opening continues to rub at the base of my shin. The previous pair were so comfortable that you couldn't tell you weren't in a pair of running shoes.I'll continue to wear them in the hopes that the leather softens up enough that this problem goes away...but I'm betting these don't last 15 years. They just don't seem to be as of the same quality that Timberland used to crank out.
B001SARJXC Sizing, go by your hiking boot size, not your cowboy boots. 8 years  retail, concrete floors, standing all day,  these boots were great, IF YOU feel you need arch supports or extra cushion: NOTE!! BUY 1/2 size lager because you CANNOT remove the original insert, it is part of the sole. I spent the past 4 years gluing and patching because I could never find another pair in the same size, until this week ! I am stoked to wear these to work tomorrow and no more wet socks from the old patched up pair.
B001SARJXC 5 STARS!!!!! These boots are high quality! I used to have a pair a long time ago. I've bought many other brands since then.  Nothing comes close!!
B001SARJXC Excellent quality and comfortable!! I had a pair of identical Timberland boots (different style name, but 100% the same) from 3 years ago.I literally wore them out, with holes in the soles.  They held up for 3 years of regular wear for work.As an airline pilot, I subjected these to all kinds of climates and harsh environments, walking on lots of concrete and asphalt.They were great, so I ordered these (same boot as before, just new style #).  I've been wearing them for a few weeks, and they are 100% as comfortable as my old pair.Would recommend any day of the week.Also for airline crews looking for shoes without metal shanks, these are what you are looking for.
B001SARJXC great boot I purchased this same not at a retail mall chain 3 years ago a great sll weather boot. However three years ago I paid double what these cost on Amazon. Great to have another new pair.
B001U0OSFW Shoes are not well made. The tongue of these boots are not well made or designed.  My first pair had the tongue from the right boot rip from the stitches.  The replacement pair had the left boot rip from the stitches.  Neither pair made it past 10 wears prior to failure.I have been wearing Timberland boots for years, but these are the first shoes I have ever owned that I have had to return.  I don't know if it is the design of the stitching of the tongue, or whether its just a quality issue with the manufacturing, but I have given up on this style.
B001U0OWUS Very long lasting, one of the best ! If you are looking for a boot that is extremely durable it's hard to go wrong with this model, I don't know which material timberland uses for the soles but they last a looong time, I abused mine for ten years before buying my next pair and the old ones are still in good shape ! they also look very good for casual wear, very high quality, leather lined, comfortable and they are affordable, on the downside they feel a bit heavy but you get used to it quickly, these boots ARE made for walkin' !
B00261ZQC8 Mt Shasta - Timberland Excellent fit and comfort.  Have worn these for several years.  Whish I had bought two or three pairs at the time. If I find a pair in my size I'll buy in a heartbeat!
B00295RJIU Must have! This is an exact replacement pair for the ones I bought over two years ago and I felt they were starting to loose support after daily wear. I love them so much I ordered another pair. Some of the pairs of Timberland shoe I  own squeak when walking. It was quit embarrassing walking into the jurors box during a trial when all was quiet and eyes on the jurors, especially the one with the squeaking shoes! I also own this shoe in a brown. Highly recommended, but not sure what can be done about the squeak if it happens on your pair of shoes.
B00295RJIU It is my third pair I have been in nursing school two years, and these are wonderful for comfort and support. I like to keep them bright white and fresh so some I use for work and the new ones I wear for my clinical rotations. I love them, if you spend a lot of hours on your feet these are great.
B002ASAJPG These weren't for me but a neighbor its his review. ;) I ordered these for my neighbor who works in and around heavy construction sites. This is his 3rd pair. Two previous he bought at a box store was about 25 dollars cheaper here at the time. The current pair would still be fine after 3 years but he step on some very sharp metal edge and it sliced into the rubber sole and ruined the waterproofing. Protected his foot fine though. He said they break in fairly well and are real comfortable to begin with.
B002ASAJPG Timberland PRO Mens Endurance Waterproof 6" Work Boot I bought these for my husband.  He had a pair that lasted 4 years.  He constantly works a farm and is very rough on shoes.  His first pair lasted him 4 years until they shredded.  No pair of shoes have ever lasted him that long.  There is no breaking in and comfortable to him even the first time he wears them.  Great for winter, keeping feet nice and dry.  Will not hesitate to buy them again.
B002ASAJPG Awesome Boots Very comfortable had a pair of similar ones a few years ago forgot how great they wereactually saved 60 $'s from retail store prices. VERY Satisfied : )
B002ASAKN2 Great Boots and top rate service. The best boot I&#34;ve ever worn. I work offshore in the oil industry and I abused my boots, I wore Redwings for years, than tried Wolverines, both good boots, but at the end the day the Timberland's still feel good. This is my third pair in five years and put a lot of miles on them, they hold up well. Amazon's service was right on and had good selecrton to choose from.Have a great day
B002ASAKN2 Top Grade Boot I just bought my second pair. I got 3 years out of first pair. Outside still good but inside is worn now. So I looked at boots and I could find a reason to switch styles. Let me tell you my experience.I am 58 and getting older. I work on hard cement and climb. I am female and I wear men's boots. they dont make them as well for women so a size and a half smaller works. I dont have back, hip pains from long hours as I do in any other shoe. I put in an orthodic to shift my weight forward and between the shoe and that insert I have worked three long years on rugged ground and hard cement and much of the time wearing them 13 hours a day.The shoes are rugged and high quality in materials and design. Nothing has broken or come unsewn. I got the water proof ones this time because I treated the others when outdoors and coming and going there is always weather.The black shoes are softer to wear and have a great fit. The new insert looks like the old one but there is an upgrade perhaps in the sole. It is more comfortable right out of the box. I will have no break in time with these shoes. I didnt have to break in the last pair either.So if you need to have good safety shoes and have long hours of work and at times rough terrain, this shoe walks over gravel and rock like its just a flat surface, you wont feel anything through the sole but a solid support, the ankle protects you from turning the foot.  Laces are set correctly and right length.  Eyes and hooks are strong and dont wear out. Laces after 3 years on first pair still in good shape. Surprises me actually. They will apparently out last the inside membrane.People state the shoes are heavy. They are heavier than most for a reason, they are protective boots, double rubber, steel etc. Keeps your legs strong. You will have good posture walking and standing, they are not a flat boot. And yes they paid for them self by protecting my foot from falling metal. Happens fast when metal hits the foot, the shoe protects and you continue working. You trip on a metal track or pallet. No injury or twisted feet.Safety matters. This shoe is what safety shoes are suppose to be about. Be safe people. Dont go cheap.
B002ASAKN2 Great pair I have had mine since 2011. They are squishy comfortable and stayed that way for the first couple months. I have since been through a couple pairs of new insoles which is to be expected when walking on concrete all day. I am looking to buy another pair right now. after 3 years they are still holding together strong with only a couple obvious ware points 1 being the rubber toe has separated on both shoes slightly and 2 the neck around both ankles has near separated at the seems. I just want to look more professional and get cleaner looking boots. Every 3 years is a good investment anyways and I haven't had shoes of boots last so long.
B002ASAKN2 Cheap! Over the last three years, I have purchased four of these and two other model from timberland and two more from another company.This particular purchase is my 4th pair of same model.I kept purchasing this even though I knew that this model has problem, but this would be my last purchase.I have other brand of work boots, but honestly, these were the most comfortable for me right out of box.But, after a few month the plastic or thin film like material in the ankle support tear a part open.When this happened to my first pair, I just bought another.When second one developed same problem, I complained to timberland and they replaced with another but defected pair(eyelet do not align. so I guess the pair was rejected from the quality control staged and send out as warranty replacement).When the replaced shoe developed same problem, I threw it away.When I purchased 3rd one, I intentionally did not used the last(top) hook thinking this could decrease the pressure on the ankle area. This helped and shoe lasted longer but same problem developed again.Since I am an idiot and could not wear the anything not comfortable right out of box.I purchased this fourth one. shame on me!But this will be the last one ever from timberland since I now have found much better and comfortable boots from another company even though they cost twice more.I have worn it for a year now and the boots have no problem.
B002ASAKN2 Timberland pro I have had several sets of these boots over the last 6 years.  The only complaint I have ever had with them is the sole tends to come loose from the boot.  Otherwise they wear well and are reasonablely comfortable to wear over a 12 hr shift.
B002ASAKN2 Amazing Workboots I've had these since 2010, I still wear the same pair today. If I took the time to clean them you'd never be able to tell how old they were from looking at them. The only damage is to the inside of the shoe, the back lining where your heel sits is tore apart in both work boots. I'd say they lasted about a year before the tearing started. They are still pretty slip resistant, I have never fallen in these work boots, though they are not as good as they use to be.I chose not to repurchase these boots and last Christmas ordered a pair of Michelin instead. I know.... Michelin makes boots? That was my same thought when I saw them too. I'm still wearing the Timberland work boots to this day, I haven't opted to switching to the new pair. I do have a dr scholl's gel pad that I use, mainly because I work 12 hour shifts at my job and really needed the extra support.All in all, these are very good boots, I've never gotten wet, my feet don't get cold (I live in Michigan, so that's a big plus during winter), they keep my feet comfortable (no foot cramps), I've never taken a fall in them (as I stated above, this includes; ice, oil, grease, water, and other slippery surfaces), and I have no regret in having purchased them. Perhaps someday I'll get another pair of Timberlands, but that won't be for years to come.
B002ASAKN2 Very Comfortable! Very comfortable, not to impressed with the style but have wore Timberlands for years and all but two pairs have been exceptional.I would recommend this shoe as it is extremely comfortable right out of the box
B002ASAKN2 Really comfortable. Not so great quality Most comfortable boots I have ever worn. That being said, not the quality I expected from timberland after a week the stitching around the rear of the shoe split. Been a timberland customer for years. This will be the last pair I buy
B002CVUSY8 Best boots I've bought for years I've been try to get a replacement pair of  these timberland boots for years and finally got them  and as expected they were a very good pair of boots!!'
B002QKMD66 very comfortable One of the most comfortable shoes I ever have on my 61 years of life!! including the military boots...made for walking!!
B002RL82CS Great product I got this for my son more than 2 years ago. He has worn it several times and it still looks like new.
B002UUUEPY more excellent timberland boots these are great boots - solid as in well made, durable and comfortable shoes. Timberland does not claim them as such but these are perfect work boots. Simple, solid, easy on, easy off, light and good looking - you don't feel like a clod wearing them. The ones I'm wearing now are my third pair. One of the other pairs I wore every day for over two years. I'm going to get them resoled and wear them for at least two more years. I am a carpenter and wear them every day in all kinds of terrain and climate and they never are a concern or a problem. they fit well and grip all kinds of surfaces too. I'm going to buy another pair and keep them clean, wear them to church and see if I can get some traction there too!
B002WJHCVC Lower Quality I received the socks and quality is completely different from the ones I bought two years ago! Lighter and less absorbent.
B002WJHD2U The best socks I've found Perfect blend.  They stretch easily when putting them on or taking them off, extremely comfortable and they are virtually odor free even after being worn all day.  I got these to replace ones I've been wearing for years- and they still have a lot of wear left.  They seem to last forever (especially if you air dry them).
B002YOMJPY I like the fit of the 11W beter that the 11M I had previously purchased a brown pair of the Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot in an 11 M and they are a little tight, especially with a heavier sock. This time I ordered a Black pair in 11W and they fit GREAT! I have been wearing Timberland boots for years but I think the newer styles are running a little narrower.
B002YOMJPY timberland i have worn these boots for many years...very dependable in inclement weather.comfortable also....lightweight helps walking and moving....used as workboots daily
B002YOMJPY Love These Boots I seem to go through about a pair of this style every two years. Given the price, I don't think that's a bad trade off. I took a pair to Denali AK and forded many a stream in them. They dry out quickly and are comfortable.
B002YOMJPY Fits like a old pair of jeans! Comfortable is an understatement.  These replaced another pair I had, which were about 8 years old.  Took about two days to break them in, and now I can't take them off.  I have a professional role in a construction company, and find ever excuse I can to wear these in the office.
B002YOMJPY Great this has to be his 3rd pair. he wears them to work everyday. they last him 2 years. he loves them
B002YOMJPY Kept my feet nice and dry! I had my first pair of these Timberland's last almost two years and was definitely looking forward to getting some new ones. I work with water and walk everywhere I go so these can definitely take some punishment if you are an outdoors person.
B002YOMJPY Quality Timberland just like back in 'the day.' Sometimes you find a product you love and you stick with it only to find out years and many manufacturer changes later that your product is no longer worthy of your adoration and frankly, stinks.  Not so with the Timberland boot.  These babies are made with the same great quality that they were 20-some years ago.  My husband ABSOLUTELY loves them!  The quality is great, and 20-plus years after my husbands first pair, they're still in style.
B002YOMJPY hiking or everyday boots i lover the timberland boots and have purchased many pairs over the years. the pair they are replacing, i have worn every day for three years.
B002YOMJPY Quality I have owned a brown pair of these and they have lasted 8 years and still going.  That is why I bought the black color.  These are a comfortable quality built hiking boot that will fit and perform as expected.  Well worth the money.  The only complaint is your feet will get warm/hot in them but they are a full leather hiking boot so that is to be expected.
B002YOMJPY NOT A QUALITY LEATHER BOOT!!!!! If this is leather I guess I have been misled for 30 years. I purchased these for work . I hope I can get a couple of months out of them, With that said they are a good fit and comfortable. There not the quality Timberland boot I have purchased in the past. This maybe the last pair of Timberland boots I purchase.
B002YOMJPY Great boot... I got the brown ones about 5 years ago and they are still rockin the deer trails during off season scouting. Right out of the box these black ones feel just like my 5 year old pair. No break in time, light weight, water proof and a perfect fit. I chose the black ones this time because I needed a little nicer looking boot to go with my work uniform. They look great. What can I say, they are Timberlands! Great price as well. Get you some! You won't be disappointed.
B0034G54BM My favorite boots! This is the 2nd pair of these that I have had.  I am a hair stylist and wear them a lot while standing.  So comfortable!  I always receive compliments on them.  They are perfect!  The best boots that I have ever had.  I wore my 1st pair for 4 years and they still look like new....just breaking down a bit in the footbed because I wear them soooo much.  This was an extremely good buy on here (less than half of what they sell for in dept. stores (where I made my first purchase).  They are great in all kinds of weather, including ice and snow as they have the lug sole (not thick though).
B0034G54BM WONDERFUL I LOVE THEM i had a pair of boots similar to these for over 10 years and the other day the zipper gave out.  I was so upset because I loved the style, fit, and comfort of this boot.  I got on zappos and they were pretty expensive so I  got on amazon and found this pair and was so excited.  The cost was a lot less than Zappos.  I ordered the wide because I have a bad foot and when I got them they fit like a dream.  I am pumped.  Thank you
B0034G558E Disappointment I ordered these boots because I have a similar Timberland style from several years ago that I loved. These, however, although visually similar, are of inferior quality. The leather is thin, and almost seems like faux leather. The tongue of the boot is floppy, and the trim is poorly sewn. I doubt they are waterproof, which was a great feature of my first pair. I am returning them.
B0034G558E Love these boots My old pair of Timberlands needed retiring after 10 years, and these are a great replacement.  I ordered half size larger, which was recommended, and this was the right thing to do.
B0034XRYQ8 i love it after 3 years still are likenew....dont know what to do?to wear them or to sale them like new?:)))) the best boots guys.smart choice if you chose this ones
B0034XS2G4 Another fine pair of Timberlands First of all, what's not to love about a company that gives a lifetime warranty on their shoes? I have had several pairs of Timberlands over the years, and have never had the first complaint. I just got these at Christmas. They look good, and better yet, feel good. The arch is positioned just a little more to the back of the shoe, which, I am assuming, will allow for more endurance when I am on my feet for long periods (certainly feels that way). It also indicates to me that the comfort of the shoe will remain consistent for years to come.While these are great, still my favorite pair of Timberlands are 12 years old, and they still feel and look great. They're a black demi-boot that the company doesn't make anymore. These shoes are timeless, and the best on the market IMHO.
B0034XS4OY Excellent experience It is the 3rd pair of Timberland Oxford I bought during last 4 years. I used each pair an year every day and they looks like just from the box.
B0038JEQSW Excellent and super comfortable shoes I use them for work, for walking, hiking, havent had better shoes in a long time. I am buying them again, my first pair lasted more than two years, and many of my co workers have bought them also as they saw mine
B003A4T4A0 So Not Pro Little background... I've owned several pairs of Timberland over the last 15 years and have one pair that I've had almost that long and have worn regularly that are still in reasonably good shape. That pair is not Timberland Pro but is marked Timberland Waterproof which is a line that sadly doesn't exist anymore. Anyway, this pair of Timberlands, which should be labeled Five Star Conrad Lace-Up, is far from the quality I'm used to from Timberland. In fact, if you read enough recent reviews on Timberlands what you come away with is that Timberland has been working to find ways to compromise their manufacturing and still put out a decent, but not quality, pair of shoes or boots. This pair is no different. The leather throughout is thin with little padding between your foot and the outside of the shoe. The shoe started creasing within about 30 minutes of wear around the house and the look is not of a quality or `PRO' leather, but of a cheaper quality that is yet another compromise. The laces (as others have mentioned) are cheap and thin and have nothing of a PRO quality about them.  I've been so fond of Timberland in the past that I've kept these for a few days thinking they might be worthwhile, but I just looked them over one last time and ordered a return label. If anyone from Timberland ever reads this I hope they will realize that consumers are well aware when you cheapen your brand and take some steps to do better.
B003A4T4A0 Timberland Pro are the best I have bunions so finding work shoes that fit is a chore.  I wore Birkenstock chef clogs for years, my employer put the kibosh on them, so I found these after searching all the local stores.  This is my second pair.  There is also another style and the fir is identical
B003A4V78C Best work shoes I have ever owned I have worked in restaurants and bars for over 10 years.  I usually get a new pair of shoes every 6 months or so.  I just re-ordered this pair and a message popped up that I had ordered this item before.  I couldn't believe it.  It was 16 months ago.Also, I always bought a pair of inserts with other shoes which added to the cost, but absolutely not needed with these.
B003A4V78C Great purchase! Great looking shoe.  This is my 2nd pair in 3 years.  I wear them 6 days a week for 8-10 hours per day.  They Rock!
B003A67X5G Great shoes I had owned the same pair before, lasted 10 years of extensive wear.  Timberland definitely got this product right! I will buy another pair in 10 years.
B003AZZIUE Timberland slip-on shoes Purchased these slipper/shoes for my husband for Xmas.  He previously had a pair that had worn out.  He was thrilled to find them under the tree.  They are light weight, comfortable and keep his feet very warm.  They are great for running out to get the paper or mail, but are mostly for slippers indoors.  Great quality and construction.  His previous pair lasted several years.
B003AZZM3C Classics that never go out of style - Extremely well made. These boots have been made for years - and for good reason.  When you have a classic you don't need to fix what isn't broken.  Excellent fit. I wear a size 11 shoe/boot - ordered them in 11 and they fit nicely.  Rich, well tanned leather - with great contrasting shoe laces.  I have purchased several Timberland shoes and clothing items over the past 30 years - they hold up for a long, long time.These boots are well made - and look good.  I wear them to do yardwork, and weekend chores.  I wouldn't wear them if I worked in the trades - these boots are more of a show horse, than a work horse.The insole is a little thin - and not quite as comfy as Red Wing or Fryes - but a lot less expensive too.  I recommend getting an insole with a little more cushion if you're going to be on your feet all day - overall a very good value.  I stand by the Timberland brand.
B003HKRIQO Get them before they are gone Several years ago while shopping in a discount clearance outlet for a jacket I ran across a pair of these in in W width and my size. Although I was not really that fond of the reddish brown color I was impressed by the quality of the boot construction, especially the stitching, the light and dark laces (2 pairs) and the claim to be waterproof, the low price and the fact they were Wide width. I have worn these as winter boots in the mid south east for a several years, trips up north and recently put them through a couple of northern salt, slush etc, winters. They are still intact, look and feel great. I never walked much with them but would wear them all day indoors as well at a desk job so I can't really comment on the durability of the sole but I will say it has excellent grip and mine have little wear. I doubt I would pay the current price as I found them for less than a third of this but would buy another pair at a lower price just to put them aside as they don't make this particular design anymore.
B003NUQWY2 Not what we expected! The quality of these boots has diminished from the last pair (same brand and style) purchased about 4 years ago. They are also lighter in weight, so may not last as long as the prior pair. Assumed they would be the same as before, so was dissappointed.
B003NUQYC2 Hope it's a fluke... I've worn Timberland products for the last 5 or 6 years.  I've always been greatly impressed by the comfort and longevity of the materials.  This is awful.  There's so much exposed interior stitching, corners, and joinery that I can't get these things off my feet fast enough.  On one, I can feel where the tongue joins to the boot and on both, the edges are poking at my ankles.  I'm going to try another model of Timberland boot, but this pair...this is just the worst thing ever.
B003NUR4P8 So far a great pair of work boots These boots are GREAT!  I love them, they remind me of my old Ultimate Treckers which I had for about 10 years.  Of course I originally got them at Nordstrom's and they repaired them a couple of times.  But these boots feel really good so far.  I need some of the shoe oil since I scrape them up a bit since the are work boots.  Pretty comfortable but I need a little more arch support since I'm dang flat footed so I move my Superfeet inserts into them and they are SUPER Comfortable now.  We'll see how long they last.  I wear them for about 16hours a day and my last steel toe Timberlands lasted a year before the soles were worn down to no grip and the leather started looking tired.
B003TYIH6S the best boot! my third pair after the second finally wore out aged 9 years plus! The previous pair lasted just as long - admittedly I only wear them October to May in the Chicago winter, almost daily.... And the soles were just getting to the point where the center of the tread was beginning to go -  don't buy any others - and yes they are waterproof!
B003VMVXDW Comfortable for me A perfect replacement for an old worn out pair that I bought at an outlet mall in Florida several years ago.
B003XHH0W8 Reliable quality I purchased this pair as my old Timberland Chelsea boots of eight years are getting more scuffed & stained, but still holding up.NO regrets. I got the exact same size. Very cool & utilitarian at the same time!
B003XHH0W8 Excellent These boots will last years. My girlfriend has had a used pair for about ten years for out in the rain and snow.only problem is no more tread
B003YC48QS Insoles This has been my third and fourth order of this shoe.  My first pair was by far,  better than the last three pair because of the choice of colors and of the type of insole.  Changing to a foam/rubber type insole from the leather was a huge mistake, at least from my comfort area.  I still use the leather insoles from my first pair, exchanging out the new insoles with the old pair, after 4 or 5 years of use. Walking around Paris, Monaco, Rome, Florance, Venice, on board Cruise Ships and on Rick Steve's Europe Tours, I was very comfortable and in style. The foam/rubber don't work without socks.  Fortunately, the old insole is still reasonably sound and works for me.  I recommend offering a insole option, leather or the current, and offering a dark brown look.Thank you for the opportunity to comment on the Timberland Men's Adventure Fisherman Sandal.Norb Strasser
B0040UDP6C Better than expected These are perfect Timberland boots, they are extremely light weight, less than a pound including both shoes, they are comfortable to wear all day long and waterproof, I got a great offer so I decided to buy one pair of  each color since I know they will last for many years.
B0043QGPKQ Great looking and comfortable I have worn the same type of shoe for years. To be able to wear a pait of Timberland shoes at work combines comfort and style with durability. Great buy.
B0043QGPKQ Timberland Men's 65175 City Endurance Slip-On review For years, I have been using this model for my everyday use, be it at work, for walking or for doing my shopping and other errands. It is one of the most comfortable shoes you will ever buy. If the suede leather gets dirty, just brush it with a medium hard wet brush and leave it to dry, and after a little while it looks like new. Excellent shoe that will last with you for years.
B0049N3S58 Killer Deal I purchased these same boots approximately 6-7 years ago so I knew how good these boots were. I was shocked to find them $30- cheaper on Amazon. You can't go wrong with this purchase for this price. You'll get a solid 4-5 years out of these boots with daily use.
B004C5QYLI Will require I owned a pair of these wonderful boots 25 years ago. The only difference is they were lined with Goretex. I had made a mistake buying them 1/2 size to small or so and could not wear the proper sock under them. I still wore them for many Retriever FieldEvents and always received many compliments about my boots being so great!My Son finally took them from my closet and just loved them.Thanks, Timberland,SassmanP.S&#62;: These boots are a little stift and will break in slowly so order them well ahead of time to allow for some breakin time!
B004FHCKDE Great shoe! I have been wearing these since high school and they last for years, even when you wear them everyday! The local Timberland store closed and after years of trying to find these I finally gave Amazon a shot. Amazing shoe great buy!
B004I68FF4 incredible boot once again amazon & timberland hooked me up. these are a real hard to find style of tims but here they were and i purchasaed immediately upon seeing them. they are replacing another pair i had for years till the puppy got them & ate the tounge :)  that was one year ago and looked everywhere unable to find-but amazon found it for me. great great boot. lightweight,comfortable and durable (the puppy was only able to destroy toungue of shoe, not any other part) buy these you'll love 'em!
B004J2HSIC Comfortable and lightweight I walk for a living, through yards and cross-country. I've worn out three pairs of Timberland Chocorua Gore-Tex Hikers, the lower-cut version of this boot. Each pair lasted about a year and a half - that's the equivalent of several years for normal wearing.So far with these they've been as comfortable as the lower ones and seem to give me a little more confidence about my ankles. They're only slightly heavier than the lower ones and they're still lighter by far than most boots out there.They would make great backpacking boots. They're made for walking. Just don't buy them for working with a shovel - they're not meant for that type of work.
B004JZPRWS timberland forever i am a big fan of timberland. buying timberland shoes for years now for my whole family. and we are all in love with them. no matter what style we are wearing all of them are great. and it is same for this recent purchase. they were delivered on time, thank you amazaon for the great job, and shoes are looking better than on the photos, and i am looking forward for years of wearing them, and than buying a new ones again.
B004JZPRWS Great shoe, but wore out faster than older version I bought this to replace a pair of older ones that were pretty well used and didn't look so great when I needed a clean look. Turned out the soles on this pair wore through before the old ones. They must be using a softer rubber sole now.
B004JZPRWS All timberland Oxfords are great I am on my third pair of timberland oxfords. All being a step above another. They last a long time and are extremely comfortable. I will always buy these as my every day shoe.
B004JZRZSM Great quality! I bought these in black two years ago from another retailer, and though I was anxious to be spending so much on a pair of shoes, these have aged very nicely. They still feel as comfortable as the day I bought them, and there's no break in period for these. The soles are about an inch thick and very firm, and the tops provide really good support for your ankles. The canvas is quality, in the two years I've had mine I've never had any tearing. The stitching is also quite good and holds up. The leather is really nice, it feels very smooth and doesn't crack. My shoes have seen some wear because I never treated the leather with anything, and because of that the leather has worn down on the sides a bit, but I imagine that if you take care of the leather and polish it every few months, they'll probably age better, though I only encountered the tell tale signs of aging on the leather after 1.5yrs of ownership. Also, if you regularly wear dark denim jeans over the tops, expect the denim ink to bleed a little into the canvas, though I think this mostly occurs with new jeans when the dye is still 'fresh'. The only thing I'm even remotely dissatisfied with is that the white trim will still yellow after about a year (which is typical/expected of any shoe with white trim), despite efforts to use cleaning products (like Refreshed Shoe Cleaner). The thing is, the trim is very different in texture compared to your standard Vans/Converse/DC/etc because the trim is very smooth, so the smudges are sort of a little harder to lift if you go long lengths of time between cleanings. When I bought mine, they came with black leather laces, I'm not sure if these brown ones have leather laces or not, but the laces also hold up really well.Point is, these shoes are very comfortable, very durable, have a really great style, and they're eco-friendly. I'm thinking of buying another pair once these wear out because I love them so much.Tip: buy some leather polish and a shoe cleaning agent, and the shoes should last a long time with proper care.
B004K22W2S Nice Boot I have been a fan of Timberland boots for years, but I have only owned lace-ups.  I purchased a pair of these since they do look dressier than the hiking/work style.  The quality of the leather and overall construction are what I expected from Timberland, however they were not the most comfortable boot.  Then I slipped in some accessory inner-soles (Dr. Scholls) and they were transformed.  I can easily wear these all day now, and look good doing it.
B004L32PFU Should last another 10 years Had a great pair of Timberland's that lasted about 10 years.  Spent months looking for these and finally found them at the mall for almost $100 more.  Bought them here, on my feet 3 days later.  Have not taken them off since.
B004NRYKZC Not the same I had a pair of Timberland years ago lets just say I was disappointed with the Quality of this pair &#128542;
B004P1Q84C Very nice hiking boot I am an experienced hiker and have bought about a dozen 5.10 shoes in the last few years due to their superb friction (the best I could find). Unfortunately their glue has not been doing its work and very shoe broke into two pieces after some use. Finally I decided to return back to sewed hiking boots. This Timberland boot is true to size (maybe 1/4 size smaller), feels very good on feet, and has very good friction. My previous Timberland shoe has lasted 9 years in my office and is still strong.
B004P1TMQ8 I love these boots These are great boots.  The leather is full grain and water proof.  If there are complaints it is from a stiff boot that needs to be broken in (like good boots).  Once they are broken in, they are like your best friend.  I had a pair many years ago that I wore everywhere and had them resoled.  My dog ate one of them about twelve yeara ago and I cried when I had to throw the other away. I have been looking for these for many years and I am delighted to finally have found them.  My dog is now forgiven.
B004P1TMQ8 To Much $$$ Best boots I've ever owned. Back in the 90's I bought 2 pair just in case the were discontinued. My first pair last 10 years easy. Only issue is that the orange GoreTex lining will rub off on your socks. They also take a little time to break in. Awesome that Timberland brought them back. $69 at 6pm.com
B004PNE720 Read reveiw for full story Having owned several pair of Timberland Pro Titan and Endurance series boots for over 5 years I bought these online with the assumption that they would fit roughly the same as the others. I was wrong. They seem to run quite a bit narrower than the others, so narrow in fact that I couldn't even fit my foot fully into the boot. Since I ordered the widest version, the box and boots both confirm they are the wide version, I have no choice but to rate them low even though I can not fully review them.I can tell you from my previous ownership of Timberland Pros that when they do fit they are one of the most comfortable pair of boots I have owned. They do not last as long as they should however, for the price, as not one pair has ever lasted more than a year. That is why I was trying a different series of boot, in the hopes of finding the perfect combination of comfort vs. longevity.
B004PNE720 Best work boots I've had These are some Great boots! Super comfortable. This is my second pair. I wish I had used these years ago.
B004PNE720 Great quality These are great work boots with a steel toe for safety. They are comfortable, even for 12 hour work days. They are made well and look great. A lot of compliments have been given on various job sites. The heel is very substantial and durable/rugged. I expect these to last a long time. The last pair of Timberland Pro in a slightly different style lasted a few years. That says a lot with heavy use and rough conditions. I think this pair will hold up just as well. They fit great for a wide foot as well.
B004RQ95Q8 Comfy Worn many boots over 30 years of industrial work and out of the box 12 hour comfort. They weren't lying great purchase
B0052A79XY Great boot I had a pair before that I got 3 years almost of continuous use. When it was time to buy boots again, I bought the same pair. Once I've found something that works I stick with it.
B0056QW98E Third Pair These shoes are amazing!!! I am a cardiac nurse in a hospital and spend 16 hours some days on my feet. After 20 years I have tried every shoe out there that claims to be the best. After an exhausting search 2 years ago an very helpful salesperson in a medical supply store told me about these Timberlands. She said they were all the best features of Dansko's and Alegria's in one shoe. When I slipped this shoe on my foot she was exactly right and I have not looked back since. If I purchase them locally they are $140. I was shocked to find them on Amazon for less than $50. You will not be sorry if you order these shoes. Your feet and legs will thank you!!!!
B0058SDXPI shoes Bought my orignal pair 4 years ago.  They went to work everyday and Europe twice.  Love them.  Had a hard time finding a replacement pair.  Well worth the price.  Simiular shoes by another manufacture had a high back to them.  These are lower and more comfortable.
B0059727SW Great boot, third pair in several years. These break in in a week and provide years of service. I usually wax these with a product found at REI, they darken up and loose the matte.
B005A6B882 Most comfortable shoe I ever had Hard to find the Ledge these days. I liked the three I bought from Timberland and Zappos years ago, so I tracked these down via Google. I only wish Timberland would make them again.
B005BWB2QI Not as comfortable as my old pair I had a pair of Timberland boat shoes that I bought about 20 years ago. I loved them. They fit perfect and were extremely comfortable with a very cushioned insole. However, after 20 years and being resoled (yes, they were so comfortable that I had them resoled about five years ago), they were starting to really look their age. so, I decided to get a new pair. These look great. However, they are not nearly as comfortable as my old pair. Even after 20 years the insole has more cushion than this pair. I cannot wear them all day like I can with my old pair. So, although they look nice and are solidly built, I am not as happy with these as I had hoped.
B005BWB2QI Great Shoe! I purchased my first pair of these shoes about 8 years ago. They are the best shoes I have,compared to my Rockport, Ecco.I wear them with jeans or casual slacks. I just bought a new pair, the quality construction and style are the best, I am wearing my first pair now, they have slightwear on the heel but the stitching is still intact. Great Shoe
B005BWB2QI Replacement The old pair (same shoe) lasted many years and I hope to get a similar experience. The brand name has been reliable.
B005BWB2QI Just as expected I've been wearing this brand and model for 10 years and am always satisfied. I wear them from spring to fall and usually get 3 years out of a pair.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Men's Earthkeepers Kiawah My 4th pair in several years. Very study shoe and comfortable. Very good value as well.Will buy again when these wear out.
B005BWB2QI Most comfortable deck shoes i've worn. I've been a fan of Timberland boots for years, you won't find lighter, more comfortable steel toes. SO I decided to try a pair of their deck shoes. I've been buying several good name brands for years in a similar style. Some chafe my Achilles or heel area depending on their height and size. Others are rock hard and not very comfortable to wear all day or even walk in all day. These are soft around the heel, supportive and flexible in the sole. The heel almost feels like a gel insert it's so comfortable. And since I picked these up before the end of winter, they happen to have decent traction on slippery icy sidewalks. I may have to buy 10 pair to last me for a while.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Deck Shoe - the best! I always take note of Timberland products, already having a pair of rugged shoes that I wear in the Buffalo winter. I've had them at least 10 years and they are still in great shape. Their deck shoe takes first prize for quality, fit, support, comfort, and on top of all that - competitive price. Comfort and style from the very first time worn.
B005BWB2QI Worth the money This is my 2nd pair of this model of Timberlands. The last pair lasted me almost 2 years. They are very comfortable and the price is very good.
B005BWB2QI Good comfortible shoe and a good price (on sale) These shoes fit as expected.  My little toe sticks out so I like a relatively large toebox.  I really like this style of shoe from Timberland, because they are comfortable, look good in a casual way (=not overly showy) and seem to last a long time.  This pair of shoes is similar to the(very comfortable) pair I am wearing, but not exactly the same.  We will have to see how long they last.  If they last as long as the ones I am wearing now, I would give them five stars.  So the lack of the last star is simply due to the fact that I have not worn them long enough to determine how long they last.
B005BWB2QI great shoe!! They  fit just right with no socks on ,i had an older pair and i think they are more then five years old . they don't need break in ,  very pleased.....Thanks , Timberland
B005BWB2QI Poorly made, stitching comes apart I wore a pair of these shoes for 3+ years, every day.  Had to stretch them to get them to fit intially, but they were finally OK.  I can report that they do not wear well, insides or soles, but the major issue I had is with the very poor quality of the stitching.  After two $20 repairs (within an 18 month period or so) and faced with another repair (this time they were coming apart in 3 places), I retired them.  I spent almost as much as I paid for them to have them repaired.  They are inexpensive price wise, but cheap in overall quality (not meant in a complimentary way).I liked the look and the fit (after much stretching), but I would never, ever buy these again.  The manufacturers should charge a nickle (or whatever) more and use decent thread to sew them up.  I have had a jillion pair of shoes over the years, but I have never had another pair where the stitching desinegrated before my eyes (on a regular basis).Until they put a little more quality into these shoes, I would not advise buying them for anything other than occassional use.
B005BWB2QI Timberland Kiawah Bay I've been buying Timberlands for years but this is the first shoe that I've bought that was made out of synthetic leather uppers.  Maybe I should have expected with the price it but it's still a disappointment not the quality of true leather.
B005BWB2QI Great Deck Shoe I had a pair of these that finally wore out after 13 years of everyday wear.  I was happy to be able to find the same shoe again.  The only difference is they quit putting the brass drains on the sides on the new shoes.  FYI there is a knot that WILL stay tied for the lacing, it took me 12 years to find it.  sorry I can't show you here.
B005BWB2QI Quality and veritable style. Theses are the best pair of boat shoes I have owned in years. Comfy and true to size with quality. Laces are a bit long but after adjustments it is easy to snip off the extra.Tim H
B005ERZ6MQ Great Shoes I owned a pair of Timberland several years ago I absolutely loved. I've owned other Timberland shoes but these new Earthkeepers remind me of them. I can wear them all day without my feet hurting after taking them off. They are so comfortable. Their also very well made durable leather uppers and the green rubber sole. One bonus for me was the lining which is also comfortable and happens to be my favorite color Orange.Great styling perfect fit and so comfortable. So long as Timberland keeps making them like these I'll keep buying them.Thanks Timberland.
B005FM5Q3O 2nd pair I've purchased I bought these shoes last summer for my son and we liked them so much that I decided to buy them again. The old ones are very much in wearable shape - they just don't fit his growing feet! I myself have had a pair of Timberland clogs for 6 years and they are still going strong! The one thing I really like about these shoes is that they are easy for him to get on by himself and they stay on throughout his vigorous activities.
B005FM5Q3O Got two pairs I got two pairs for my boys. One is 7 years old, the other is almost 3 years. It seems to fit them both perfectly. I like that it is closed at the front to protect their little toes from getting hurt. For boys this shoe is ideal. You can adjust the size in three different places which adds more to it.
B005GY98C6 Very comfortable I was surprised at how light they are.  They replaced a pair of slip on Timberlands that I've had for the past 3 years.I am not sure these will hold up as long, but for now they are providing a lot more support.  They are also vented which is keeping my feet less sweaty.
B005I6RZXG best work shoe ever! I love these shoes.  That's why I buy the same shoe each time I need a new pair of work shoes.  They feel great the first time you wear them. They require no breaking in.  They last forever too.  My other pair is 2 years old and I still love them.  Way better than those super hard Dansk brand.
B005I6Z4JI So far, got what I paid for. I have been looking for a pair of good Boots at a reasonable price for some time now,a boot that is not only comfortable but alsoa pair of Boots that last. I have bought many a pair over the years,and a couple of times I have bought Timberland. But either they never lasted, or they were not comfortable, or to pricey, or  some kind of defect.Well I decided to try Timberland again,And so far I have been very pleased with the purchase of these boots. I work in the field of Food equipment service, And my feet are usuallyin some type of nasty stuff every day. So far these boots have stood up to it, and my feet do not bother me at the end of the day.I hope it lasts.
B005MI875U Timberland is a quality brand and this lives up to that brand Good fit, top quality.  Takes some care to keep them looking nice, but that is the nature of new buck leather.  With general care and some stain sealer they look great.  Timberland means that you will most likely never wear them out and they will stand up to normal use.  I own several pare of Timberland shoes over many years.  I did get a defect on a pair of boots after a couple of years use.  Amazing I showed them a picture of the separation of the toe rubber piece from the leather boot and they gave me almost the full value of the boots as a credit to buy an new pair... I still have the replacement pare as I do have every pare of boots and shoes I have ever bought from Timberland.  Top Name Brand
B005ZFBLTY ... 12 hour shifts and these shoes are the most comfortable I have found in years I am on my feet from 6 to 12 hour shifts and these shoes are the most comfortable I have found in years. Thinking I should but another pair before they are discontinued like every other shoe I find that I like
B006OB62PQ Better than paying retail at the mall! I wore the last one out and remembered to check Amazon before giving first aid with duct tape.  A great buy, durable: expect it to last many years.
B006T2YLPS Exactly What I Wanted I bought a pair of LL Bean boots a couple of years ago -- turned out that they were great if I was working in Antartica -- tough to put on, cumbersome boot liners, lots of eyelets, bulky to wear.  I really like LL Bean, but I these boots drive me nuts.Enter the Timberland Pros.  Just as high as the Bean's, but they are lighter, just as water proof, easly to put on, really warm and comfortable. Moreover, the Bean's have lousy traction -- downright slippery.  With the Timberlands, you feel like you're glued to the ground -- very confidence inspiring. Both cost about the same.If I had done my typical homework, I would have gone with the Timberlands the first time.  My last pair of Timberlands last 13 years -- I wore them in just about every condition and they held up like champs.  I expect this pair will easily go the distance.
B006T2YLPS quality!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wear my work boots every day. and over the years I've worn about every boot there is I'm a field service tech in cranes and heavy equipment. I put boots through the absolute worst I've found over the years that just because u pay for quality doesn't always mean u get it. but finally I did. these are very well made I cannot stand to break In a boot. it leaves me about half lame till they break in. these I haven't had to do that. I am writing this cause I know how much people true input has on my decision to buy something especially this expensive. I will go thru two pairs of a lessor boot in the time I wear these out so in the long run do your feet a favor get em. every foot is not these same I do know that. but my experience so far has been great and I truly am about the hardest person to satisfy when It comes to boots. hope this helps some one like the reviews have helped me.
B006T2Z940 Awesome! I had given up on Timberlands over the past few years. Quality of product had seem to not be as high as other boots purchased many years ago. I was looking for a slip on work boot when I came across these. The price was super low compared to other web sites.  Took a change and ordered a pair and I'm so glad I did. Boots are super comfortable and seem well made. Leather is high grade and soles are substantial. Boots go on easy and fit great, no heel slippage. Have got a lot of complements on boots.
B006T2Z940 myersb great boots 2nd. pair no break-in I'm on my feet 12 to16 hour's a day.wish I had found these 30 years ago...
B006T307QE Best Ever! Had some old timberland hikers that lasted 12 years[only wore about 50 times per yr]; but these blow the old ones out of the water. Instance comfort and no break-in; I can tell the quality is far superior to the Keens, Merrells, Klogs and Teva's that i have. Timberland's other products have always given me great service too.
B006T32HGC put to the test Timberland discontinued the style boot I had for over 10 years. I had trouble finding a quality replacement.. I finally found and put them to the test the very first day, They were comfortable from the start. the width was perfect. Most importantly the support. No back pain!!!! Highly recommended
B006T32TKG to early to tell they are asking me to rate these boots even though i have only had them a week and a half  so far i would say the ease of putting them on is awesome the double grab on rear is very nice  i own an expensive pair of danners that i thought were the same as a pair i wore for 10+ years but they cut out the little pull tab on the rear and now it is very difficult to put them on  i only have maybe 30-40 miles on these boots so far but i would have to say they are already broke in which is very nice  so far they are very comfortable  if they really want an honest opinion they should ask me in 3 to 5 years because if they are not going strong at that time i know i will not have gotten my moneys worth and will not be happy with them at all  i am not afraid to pay alittle more for something if it lasts like it should  i have several pair  of boots so my boots do not get worn everyday i have boots for certain things like summer work, winter work, summer play, fall play and winter play they all get used every year bkut not all year so my boots are expected to last for several years or more depending on useage
B0070SI95I size not true to fit, returned I owned a pair of this style years ago, and they were good boots. So I was looking to get a new pair. However, these were much too big when ordered and were returned for a refund.
B0070SVW3Y Great Chukka These boots are Great right out of box. size is right on. they are more of a dark brown than dark olive. I had a pairof Timberland Chukka 25 years ago & couldn't find a replacement until I seen on Amazon. I hope theyr'e of the samequality as my old pair. I wear them with jeans & dress clothes and they work either way. shipped before date promised.
B007782V1O I love them! I bought a pair 2 years ago and decided I want a second one. They are so comfortable and I always get excited when its finally winter again so I can wear them !
B007784JI2 Poor craftsmanship After wearing my Timberland Chocorua boots for 8 years, it was time to add a new pair to the rotation.  While I am certain these boots would have kept my feet warm, I have doubts about them keeping my feet dry.  This is due to the shoddy seam work.  I don't like to see gobs of glue on my seams, it's unsightly and a sign of a lack of structural integrity.  The soul looked like it WANTED to fall off.  Also, the rubber lip on the toes was uneven, one side rose noticeably higher than the other.  It looked like I was wearing two different kinds of boots.I have switched my loyalty to Keen, as my sandals have taken 2 years of heavy duty summer activity and still kick a$$, and my new boots seem just as rock solid.  Move over Timberland, you're out.
B00828VKFQ I'm on my second pair and will buy a 3rd. I have purchased two pairs of these in the past three years. I wear them at work in the kitchen every day (5 days/week) for roughly 10-11 hour stretches. My feet/legs never hurt. The inserts are removable, and I do replace them roughly every 4 months. This helps me to get 1.5 to 2 years wear out of each pair. They are very rugged and non-slip. They do not make my feet smelly. I only replaced my first pair because they were starting to look a little old, and I like to look polished at work. They were still structurally sound. I keep them as a backup. I recommend them to everyone.
B00828VKFQ Seems a little smaller than previous purchase of the same shoe and model. I bought a pair of these a couple of years ago, this pair feels a little shorter.  Hope the will break in okay.
B008B5XIFA Great!!!!!!!!! I am a backpack person. Have gone through many of them. I use them up until the very last thread. I purchased this Timberland to replace my beloved Eddie Bauer backpack I got over three years ago, which unfortunately did not meet my quality expectations.I am a petite person 5'2&#34;, 105 lbs. It has been extremely hard to find a backpack that does not break my back, that is no bigger than me but it has a good holding capacity. This one has it all so far.I hope it lasts as the material looks sturdy. Timberland is known for its quality too.Looking forward to many years of going around with it.
B008M27754 Excellent I had purchased a pair of these many years ago and wore them very regularly. Eventually the sole broke down, which I would expect as much as I wore them. I started looking for a replacement and found that I wanted something very similar. Eventually I decided to look to see if they were still made - and they were! I am so pleased. Since I knew the way they are sized, I did get the 11 again, while I usually wear an 11.5 in other shoes.
B008M27754 Like the Style This is the 2nd pair I've ordered - the previous pair lasted about 4 years. Too Bad these are being made in CHINA (or Vietnam) and NOT IN THE USA
B008M27UHO Quality could be better My husband searched high and low for these shoes and was very excited to find them on Amazon.  They arrived on time and fit very well.  Unfortunately, the seam has started to come apart only a couple of weeks after wearing which is very disappointing.  His last pair of Timberlands lasted more than 10 years!
B008M27UHO Timberland The Timberland Boat shoe I bought 8 years ago was made of tough material yet they were so comfortable you new you had them on.Unfortunately, the Timberland product made today is not as sturdy and the material is weak. They look more like slippers than the rugged pair I had.
B008M4UN1C Unbending sole! Also, runs half size small. I have a pair of Clark's sandals in a similar style from several years ago-- espadrille-like platform sole-- and adore them. Just the right height, and a great FLEXIBLE sole of some kind of firm foam material. I'd hoped these would be similar, but while the inner sole is a bit padded and the straps all felt fine, the sole is completely inflexible, rather like a wooden clog-- except without enough of a curve under the toe for your toes to bend as you walk. I don't understand why they make a show which forces your foot to stay completely flat as you walk! Loved the look and feel of the TOP of the sandal, but I'm sending them back.Also-- as with another pair of Timberland sandals I got a couple of years ago, these run short, in my opinion. I'm a standard 7 (with all too many pair to prove it), but these 7s were more like 6.5 to me. My big toe was slightly over the end. I'd have to have a 7.5 in this shoe.
B008N6Y9BO Mrs. like it very much. It was a gift I gave Mrs. its original one pair to wear for years, Timberland is her trust in a brand, but also have the right to buy.
B008N7GT9I So far so good! Very light and comfortable. I hope they last as long as my last pair of Timberland boots. I would recommend these!
B008YB8I0Q These are the best I had a pair like these from TB 4 or 5 years ago that were great, I wore them out and have not been able to find anything as comfortable since.  Just found these on line and it is the same smooth inside sole that does not chafe, and the bottom has some tread.  They are not heavy, look great, very comfortable.  I am buying a second set now in case I can not find these again.
B0090X4EJQ Very durable I bought them 5 years ago. They have been my goto shoes for work and jeans for 5 years.  I still have them they are not new any more but are still in one piece. Enough said
B0090X4EJQ Great Fit and Good Price I've had a similar pair of Timberland shoes for two years and perform an extensive amount of walking in my job.  These are very comfortable and hold up extremely well.
B0090X4EJQ Outstanding shoe I have owned a pair of these shoes for at least 15 years. They are very comfortable they last forever, and they are a mix between your Dad's or Grandads shows and  more modern running shoes in design. I have worn em while on the job, a decent amount of walking and standing. Also the single pair that I have owned have lasted me though 9 years of retired living too.I have worn these show almost everyday of that 15 years, and they are a comfortable now as they were the first day I put them on. The only reason I bought this second pair is because the stretchy fabric around the ankle to heal has started to fray at the top. and I guess maybe 15 year old show need a chance to retire too :-).
B0091QISZS Timberland fit and quality Been a fan of Timberlands for over 25 years. These shoes fit great and the thick leather should make them last for years.
B009PNJW5C Step in the right direction I've worn timberland boots for years and these have to be the most comfortable yet. the new cushioning system in this particular model is new and is a welcome addition. if you've worn this model before as I have then you know they weren't the most comfortable to begin with. Great job on the redesign!!!
B00AQMB9O8 Great leather boots! I love these boots for my child.  They are durable and polish up like new.  This is her third pair in 3 years.
B00AW8HF9Y Great! The boots were a very good fit and very stylish. I would buy them again in three more years or more like them.
B00AW8JG9G So this is love... As a person who pretty much only wears boots in the autumn and winter season, I have never owned a pair of tall brown boots. Why? Because I never was able to find THE pair-- the perfect pair. I'm now 23 years old and feel cheap anything isn't worth buying. I'd rather make investments. With cheap boots, they don't keep my feet warm, they aren't good with water, and they last barely a season in the middle-west. I even have gone to department stores ready to throw a couple hundred bucks, nothing was what I was looking for. Knowing that Timberland is a very decent company, I found these boots and I knew they were for me. When they arrived, I could tell they were sturdy and made to last. This to me makes me very happy to know I can always go to a cobbler every so often and to have anything small repaired. They were very true to the size. I'm normally a 7.0, every so often a 7.5 but they were perfect with the 7.0 normal width. And best of all, they are very cute. Very happy!
B00AW8JG9G Beautiful boots, friends had to reach out & touch them. Timberlands rock.  Great support, well made, quality in appearance & feel.  Can't say enough.  I've had 2 pairs of the Lexiss boot in both colors & was going to get another (a couple years, wore them like crazy at work & even in mud which is why I bought more so I could have a beat around pair & a nice everyday pair) & then I saw these.  Super sharp.  So pretty....but they run a tad bit smaller than my Lexiss boots so I went a 1/2 size up.  I tend bar in Timberlands & my feet & back have been beat up over the years so while I still want to look good, support is crucial.  Get yourself a pair.
B00AZPO90W Great boots I'm able to wear these boots with jeans or with dress type pants to work. I had a previous pair of Timberland boots that held up for many years and are still in decent shape after 6 years. These boots are comfortable and look great.
B00AZPOIF8 4 stars, maybe a 5th if they prove to be as durable as my previous Timberlands. I bought these to replace a pair of Timberland waterproof oxfords I've had for several years. The news ones are lighter and less clunky than my old pair, but time will tell if these will last as long. But they're comfortable and stylish, and at $70 the price was right. They feel a bit tight (narrow) with white athletic socks, but feel fine with thinner dress socks. They also look much hipper than similar shoes from Rockport. If they hold up as long as my previous Timberlands, I'll give them the 5th star.
B00AZPQV6C MADE IN CHINA?! Since when has timberland started producing boots in china?! The quality is not even half as good as it used to be and the price is double! They squeak and the soles are thin. It's a disgrace to the name "timberland"!....another American company gone down the drain... The American GDP keeps on falling due to this outsourcing, jobs are lost and the quality is so poor, you feel embarrassed to be caught wearing these boots!10 or so years ago I bought a pair of timberlands at footlocker and paid $50 for them. They lasted 5-10 years, were comfortable and practical. For this pair I wouldn't even pay $50 (for sure not the $80+ that I did pay).
B00B7FIZ2C Great Boot Timberland is one of the best boots I own, I have 4 different styles. One is a pair of Iditarods that are about 22 years old and still a great pair of boots. I hunt with them in the high country of Colorado ever year, I think they will out last me.
B00B83WJMK fit great Timberlands are very good quality shoes. I bought three pairs of Timberlands this time. I had one pair of Timberland hiking boots and after 15 years they're looking a little worn. With the online deals and free shipping I saved close to $100 and didn't have to go to several stores to find the shoes I wanted.
B00B9PA37A Style and performance They fit perfectly as if I had been wearing them for years. They also look great.Would recommend to anyone.
B00B9PIUS4 Lots of Compliments Great looking boots. I get a lot of compliments with these boots. They are fashionable and go well with any boot cut jean I wear (Levis 527). I have a pair of Timberland Boots that I have worn for 10 years which are still good. These are just a bit more modern. The material of these seem a bit more thin compared to my old ones.  Maybe it's the recycled material that it is made from. Hopefully these will last as long as my old ones do.
B00B9PM53U PERFECT RIGHT OUT THE BOX I've worn EVERY brand under the sun and these are the best fitting, most comfortable boots I've had the pleasure of wearing in many years. I don't know how they'll hold out against the elements, only time will tell, but they felt like I was walking on pillows and their heaviness was only sleight. If ever a boot fit me like gloves it was certainly these. They were true to size and I'm glad I took my time in choosing these waterproof black pair. They look so great, that I may buy the brown as a back up pair for in-between stains.
B00B9PM53U comfotable boot I bought to replace the same type Timberland Snow Pak boot I bought 4 years ago but these are not as warm as the last pair.
B00BCJV7H8 Great They fit extremely well and very comfortable. Warm but can wear them all day with no problem. I have had another pair of Timberlands for years and still love those. My new ones will be the same.
B00BCJXLHW very comfortable Although the boot runs somewhat large it is very comfortable. The fold-down aspect does not work as well as in the picture for me, though, but that does not matter. I have already covered a considerable distance in those boots and my usually sensitive feet did not once complain. I am hoping that the quality of the product (Timberland) will be confirmed: about 10 years ago I bought another Timberland boot that I still wear. The one pair we bought one year ago though had to be returned - Timberland had decided to change a material of some kind. However, because I was so happy with the 10-year-old-boot, I gave the company another try.
B00BCJXLHW Love Timberland! I have purchased several pairs of Timberland boots. The first was over 15 years ago and the only reason I had to retire them is because the eyelet for the lace was tearing from the boot. That's hardly an issue since they lasted years longer than I expected. I wore them basically everyday from October through March and also in the summer, hiking in the mountains. These Fold Down boots are just another that I love. They fit a little small but if they're like the others they should soften up and fit better with wear.
B00BF9PSUC A tad bit short. A tad bit short. Bought these based on a pair of Timberland loafers I bought 17 years ago and have finally worn out!  Not happy with the cloth vs leather lining or the fit of these.  I might be able to break them in...but I know the lining won't last nearly as long as that of my original pair.  Unfortunately, I can't find the receipt or shipping label or I would have sent them back.
B00BNPKBFU Timberlands These boots fit and wear great. They're comfortable all they way around but they age very quick. Afer a couple of wears they now look like I've been wearing them for years.
B00CM0BK9Q Im afraid my search is over I've bought about 10 pairs of shoes and boots online in the last 3 years and could really tell a difference in the quality and comfort level once I had my first pair of Wodehouse. Well I have just spent my first day wearing the Cap Toe boot and I really feel I've discovered the most perfect shoe for me I could have found . This makes my fourth pair of wodes but my first high boot. Just remember to downsize by one and your ready to go . Maybe next year I will get them in black .
B00E5TU5AM Good Product I bought my first pack of socks (black with gray heal and toe) about 4 years ago and I still have a few pairs. They are long lasting and very comfortable.  The new ones (gray) are a little tighter and a bit to small to fit size 12
B00E8RAOI4 Light weight My grandson is three years old and he loves how the shoes hug his feet and that he is able to put them on by himself.
